BDSM Library - The Exposition of Modified Women




The Exposition of Modified Women
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The reader visits - through the eyes of a dominant male attendee - an exhibition of erotically restrained and modified females.




EMW01Welcome


&nbsp;
 This story is a pure fantasy, intended for adults 
only. Please do not repost anywhere minors might have access. Be warned this 
story focuses on themes of bondage, sexual slavery, and nonconsensual body 
modification. If such fantasies are not to your taste please read no 
further.
Note to readers: Rather than a story in the usual sense this piece is more a 
collection of vignettes. The reader sees through the eyes of dominant gentleman 
as he tours an exhibition put on by a secret society dedicated to the 
enslavement and erotic modification of women. I conceived it as a means to get 
into type some of the many ideas I've had on this theme, which I realized I 
didn't have time to develop into full-fledged, stand-alone tales. The overall 
piece has minimal plot, but I've tried to give some depth to the important 
characters of the individual vignettes and provide some background into how they 
arrived at their current situations.
  I hope you enjoy your visit to the Exposition of Modified 
Women, and invite your comments.
&nbsp;
----------------------
----------------------
Welcome to the 
Exposition   
by Benfan 
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
Mark's head buzzed with anticipation as he walked down the dim stairway 
beneath the huge old warehouse. It had been 5 years since the previous Society 
exposition. Great care had to be taken to maintain security, and also it took a 
few years for many of the participating artists and clinicians to complete some 
of their more complicated projects.
At the bottom of the stairway he came to a heavy steel door with a small 
mirrored window set in it. There was no handle on the door, or buzzer to push. A 
guard inside had detected his approach via sensors on the stairway and was 
already scrutinizing him through the bulletproof one-way glass.
      "Show your invitation," an 
electronically altered voice demanded. Mark pulled the small card from his pocket and held it 
before the glass. The card looked unremarkable, and nothing on it mentioned the name 
of the Society, or the nature of its exhibition, or Mark's own identity. 
&nbsp;But the guard behind the door recognized it and a bolt slid, allowing Mark to 
enter a small foyer between the outer door and a similar inner portal.
The outer door closed immediately and latched shut, locking Mark in the small, 
dim, windowless room with the burly, well dressed guard. This gatekeeper 
now scrutinized Mark's invitation closely, then slid it through a reader mounted 
to the wall. Tiny lights flashed and the guard invited Mark to place his thumb 
on a sensor on the device. It beeped, and another bolt clicked. The guard 
gestured to the inner door.
"You may enter, sir. Welcome...."
   Passing through the second portal Mark found himself on 
a steel walkway halfway up the wall of a cavernous basement. The dark 
and abandoned outer appearance of the warehouse was deceiving, for here it was 
bright and bustling with activity. Looking down he saw the many booths and 
displays of various exhibitors, arranged along a grid laid out in the huge space. 
A stranger would have wondered how the whole thing could be arranged, but as a 
supporter of the Society Mark knew the Expo had been set up by a company that 
built movie sets on location. They'd been told a film was being shot down here, 
and would return after the event to clean up again. It was an expensive affair, 
but as a rule members of the Society were people of means, and Mark expected his 
$5,000US "invitation" would prove a bargain.
 As his eyes scanned the scene before him, Mark spotted the largest 
displays near the rear. They would have to be the Benson gallery, and of course 
the Farrell Clinic's pavilion. In a back corner next to Benson's the open space 
of the livestock paddock was unmistakable, bustling with activity. But among the 
lanes and avenues of smaller booths his eye was drawn to a large, colorful tent 
- an exhibitor he couldn't recall seeing before. By the number of people 
gathered before it, whatever was inside seemed to be a popular attraction. Mark 
found the stairs down from the walkway and decided to make the tent his first 
stop. At the bottom of the steps, Mark turned to cross an open area about 15' 
wide between the factory wall and a low fence of horizontal planks that 
surrounded the exhibit booths.
Suddenly, there was a loud "Ho-ahhh!" and a Squeak! Squeak! of rubber 
on concrete. Mark started and turned, to be confronted by one of the most 
physically imposing female specimens he'd ever seen.
The powerfully-built blonde pony leaned slightly forward with back arched, to 
balance the weight of the rider on her back, but even in that posture she 
matched Mark's 6-foot height. An explosive exhalation from the startled 
creature's capacious lungs escaped her gaping mouth and spattered Mark with 
droplets of spittle.
"I say, old boy," said her rider, who now wrestled to control his spooked mount. 
He sat upon a small saddle strapped to her lower back by a wide belt that pinched 
her waist, his legs projecting out and forward to keep clear of her high-stepping 
knees. His hands grasped a curved handlebar, like that of a bicycle, 
that projected from either side of a short hollow cylinder strapped end-first 
into her mouth. Within the cylinder the pony's red tongue wagged. Now the 
rider used the handlebars to wrench the big, blonde head to the left, to stop 
his mount's sudden and undesired pirouette to the right.&nbsp; The creature's full, 
pink-tipped breasts bounced between the straps of her black harness as she 
danced jerkily, out of control.
Finally she settled, stamped her feet twice and stood, her broad chest 
heaving. From cheek to shapely legs (if young oaks can be shapely), every inch 
of skin not covered by harness or boot shone with the sweat of her 
exertions.
"You must take more care crossing the track," the rider scolded. He was a 
neat middle-aged gentleman, moustached and tweed-jacketed. By his accent he'd 
just flown in from across the Pond. "Blinkered as she is, Violet might have 
trampled you, and all of us come to grief."
"Sorry," Mark muttered as he wiped his face with a handkerchief. Looking again 
at the pony's tack he grasped the meaning of "blinkered:" what he'd taken at 
first glance for a blindfold was really a very low leather visor, that allowed 
her to see nothing but the ground a step or two before her. Mark's glance fell 
to her feet, looking for the tall heels that he expected whenever he stood 
eye-to-eye with a female. But her shiny leather boots were quite practical: 
rubber-soled, with round toes and a proper arch. This was no show-pony, but a 
high-performance riding model. Fully erect and unshod, she would have stood a 
few inches over 6 feet.
 The crisis now passed, Violet's rider could not suppress a grin at 
the obvious impression his mount had made on Mark. "Right, then," he said, 
and twisted the grip of his handlebar. The pony bucked slightly as a 
Snap!Snap!Snap!  was heard, and began to accelerate down the 
track. &nbsp;Beneath the saddle Mark glimpsed little blue-white sparks emitted by the 
electric "whip" that now caressed her muscular buttocks. As she worked up to 
speed and settled into a pace to match the whip's rate, the sparking stopped, 
and Mark understood how such a large creature had managed to surprise him.
 At stride she moved silently, her wide hips swinging to absorb the motion 
of her legs while her upper body and rider glided along quietly. The hip motion 
was much more pronounced than in a typical female, since Violet did not have 
any arms to swing. Mark resolved to get a better look at the pony and her tack 
at the paddock, and thought he might suggest to her master that she be belled, 
for safety.
---

  After the pony and rider disappeared around the corner of the 
"track" which ran around the Expo, Mark turned, passed through an opening in the 
low inner barrier and at last entered the Exposition proper. The booths 
were arranged along lanes and alleys along which&nbsp;Society members strolled, some in groups 
talking and gesturing and others alone. Mark made his way past the booths of 
several exhibitors he recognized; he noted the location of some that he would 
return to, and others whose creations were not to his taste.
Shortly he came upon the colorful, exotic tent he had seen from the elevated 
walkway. It stood out from the more conventional booths and clearly he was not 
the only visitor intrigued by it: a small crowd blocked entry to the opening at 
its front. Strange Eastern music played within, beckoning, but Mark was unable 
to get a good view over the crowd so he moved to a podium standing next to the 
door that was draped in fabric to match the tent. A touch-screen monitor stood 
on the podium, and currently displayed the phrase "Begin Introduction" in 
several languages. He touched "English."
A mildly-accented voice spoke from the machine: "Welcome, and thank you for 
joining in a moment of history: the inaugural display in the West of ancient 
Persian body-shaping arts! The heavenly creature within represents the 
culmination of centuries spent perfecting the female form. Carefully chosen from 
a family long known for the fine figures of its women..."
The speaker was a touch bombastic, but Mark learned from the recording and 
accompanying images that "the Persian Art of body-shaping" was based on a 
binding technique that reminded him of what Chan was doing in China. Girls were 
chosen for their genetic potential, and as soon as they'd reached their full 
height sewn into tight-fitting "bindings" of heavy silk that was specially woven 
to be nearly inelastic. The soft but extremely strong silk could be left in 
place for long periods, and the girl's skin washed and kept healthy with 
bindings in place by a routine of soaking and sponging. As her body developed, 
and if she gained weight, the tight bindings prevented the deposit of fat in 
certain areas and redirected it elsewhere.
"After binding the girl is placed on a special diet that encourages the 
flowering of her female figure. Like most young women selected for this 
treatment, the beauty within was quite proud to be chosen for transformation 
into a creature at the apex of femininity. However even she required some 
special encouragement as her dietary requirements evolved."
       The screen&nbsp;displayed the same girl again, but now 
more mature, and fleshier. She was strapped face-up to an ornate wooden table, 
with a small, crank-operated. funnel-topped machine mounted above her face that 
appeared to be forcing food into her mouth. Apparently her special diet was 
required of her, rather than by her.
"Of course, while her body develops the girl is also schooled in all the arts 
of the harem..."
The voice continued but Mark was distracted by a bustle of activity as several visitors 
left the crowded tent, the music having stopped. Some spoke glowingly of what 
they'd seen, while a tall, thin, spectacled member who Mark recognized as a 
famous cosmetic surgeon scowled: "Bah! They take years to accomplish what I 
could do in an afternoon, with time for nine holes of golf." &nbsp;But there was a 
hint of envy in his voice.
Moving past the remaining visitors Mark finally caught a glimpse of this "creature 
at the apex of femininity," and he was more impressed than the surgeon had 
been. She knelt docilely upon rose and purple silks on the floor of the tent, 
the colors coordinated with the silk bands that constricted her body, and the 
gauzy, gold-fringed veil that concealed her face from cheek to throat. Her spine 
was straight but head tipped slightly down, in the classic posture of an 
Oriental slavegirl.
 Her hands rested on her thighs....or so Mark assumed, because he could 
not see her hands. They and most of her forearms were hidden behind her 
massive breasts. Their swelling began at her collarbones and flowed naturally to 
where their heavy bottoms brushed the tops of her thighs. Like giant pears her 
breasts rested lightly together, creating a Grand Canyon of cleavage, and the 
outer sides of the mammaries projected well beyond her frame. There was no sign of 
a belly, or "love handles" - her torso was completely hidden by the 
stupendous glands.&nbsp; The girl's nipples were hidden by engraved golden disks 6" 
across, from which large and sturdy gold rings dangled inches above her 
knees.
Finally able to move his gaze from that most remarkable bosom, Mark noted 
some of the silk bindings. There were tight bands about 2" wide at the upper arm 
just below the shoulder, and above and below the elbow. The flesh between was 
luxuriously plump but firm-looking, as were the thighs he could see receding 
beneath the breasts. Wider bands pressed deeply into her flesh just above the 
knees.
 A tall bearded man in flowing robes spoke in Persian, and the music 
began again. With a tinkling of jewelry the girl raised dark almond eyes to meet 
her admirers', and gracefully stretched her braceleted arms behind her. She 
shifted her weight and put one bare foot forward. Now Mark could see the bindings 
below the knee, and a complex weave of silk about the lower calf. The firm fair 
flesh between the bands was like an erotic caricature of a curvaceous female leg. 
The carefully dressed bindings at knee and ankle, elbow and wrist supported the 
ample flesh of her limbs and prevented any sagging. The girl shifted her weight 
onto the forward leg, and slowly rose. With a fluid arm movement and swaying of 
hips, she turned her back to the spectators and began a slow, sinuous 
dance....
   From the rear, behind dark tresses that sprang from a 
gilt-edged cap and cascaded to her waist, the girl's elaborately stitched and heavily 
reinforced silk corset was finally revealed. Though strained almost to bursting, 
the corset restricted the waist of this ultravoluptuous beauty to no more than 
24".&nbsp; Artfully wound wrappings joined the bottom of the corset to 3" wide bands 
around the tops of her thighs, in such a way that they supported, shaped, and 
presented the full twin moons of her drum-tight ass. When she spun gracefully to 
face him again, Mark saw that the pelvic wrappings and upper-thigh strictures 
also ensured fresh air and easy access for her nether regions (now modestly 
draped with airy silk), which on unbound girls of similar weight might have been 
lost in rolls of flesh.
How long her show went on, Mark could not be sure. He was hypnotized by the 
graceful dance, the swaying and wobbling of her absurd, wonderful curves.
"Now, that is a Big Beautiful Woman," he wondered aloud, eliciting laughter 
of agreement from his fellow spectators.
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
  
&nbsp;






EMW02Missy


----------------------
The Exposition of Modified Women, 
Pt 2 - "Missy"        
by Benfan 
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
Mark emerged from the tent in some agitation. He had resisted making use of 
his own slaves for 48 hours before departing for the exposition - a 
significant feat of endurance for him - in order to ensure he would be able to 
take full advantage of the opportunities presented at the event. Now, his 
encounters with Violet the ponygirl and the voluptuous Persian wonder had set 
Little Mark to prodding urgently at his host's trousers, clamoring for release. 
Mark had not bothered to ask if that were possible at the tent, since a 6" red 
disk had been displayed at the entrance: the symbol indicating that physical 
contact with the exhibit was prohibited.
Now as he walked out into the lane, he looked left and right for a green 
disk, the sign that would spell relief. (Yellow disks allowed physical contact 
not to include penetration, and gold announced that the exhibit was available 
for purchase.) He considered seeking out one of the quick-relief stations that 
would be set up here and there around the Expo, but soon spotted a green disk on a 
booth almost directly across the lane from the tent. He walked towards it as 
quickly as his cast iron erection allowed, while attempting to compose himself 
so as to project some dignity despite his urgent need.
 The green-disked booth was as different from the colorful tent as could be: 
a simple boxlike prefabricated structure, without windows. However the fine 
wood door and elegant brass ringer suggested a tasteful interior. Mark rang the 
bell, and the door was opened by a pleasant and well dressed middle-aged 
man.
   "Please come in," he said, and Mark obliged. The inside of 
the booth was nothing like its exterior, paneled in rich woods, carpeted 
in green, and soothingly lit by brass fixtures&nbsp;like an old money mens' club. There 
were two brown leather armchairs facing away from the entry with a small wooden 
table between, and an elegant cabinet to one side. At the rear of the room a 
door stood slightly ajar. Bright light spilled from within, along with the sound 
of running water.
"Have you been to the tent across the lane?" the exhibitor asked.

"Yes, it's quite a show," Mark answered, wondering if his arousal was so 
obvious.
"I have to get over there myself when I get the chance," said his new host. 
"They must have something really special in there. Several fellows have 
practically run over here from the tent this evening. Missy's been a busy girl. 
She's just inside cleaning up after her last visitor." The host nodded to the 
inner door and Mark heard a scrubbing sound, which after a moment he recognized 
as the brushing of teeth.
"She should only be a few minutes - will you wait and hear her story in the 
meantime?" It would have been rude to bolt at that moment, so despite the 
protestations of Little Mark that there were many green disks up and down the 
lane Mark agreed, taking a seat in the right-hand chair.
"Care for a drink?" the host asked as he moved toward the bar, and Mark 
accepted with thanks. "I hope bourbon is all right. My father made his fortune 
distilling it, and in his honor that's all I stock."
"Bourbon would be fine, a single on the rocks please."
The host removed from the cabinet a bottle that would be recognized in any 
bar in the world, and poured two measures into a pair of low tumblers. "There 
you are."
Sitting down in the other chair, the host said directly: "Missy is my 
stepmother."
  A shadow must have crossed Mark's face, for his host laughed and 
said: "Don't worry, she was my father's fourth wife, and less than a third his 
age. She's&nbsp;barely half mine."
As if on cue, the door to the washroom opened and a warm-blooded Barbie 
entered, clad in white lingerie. She did not make eye contact but took a few 
mincing steps across the room to sit on a delicate upholstered stool that faced 
a mirror and vanity opposite the bar. Paying no attention to the two men, she 
began refreshing her makeup.
              
The girl was perhaps in her early twenties. Light blonde hair fell straight 
to below her shoulders, with square bangs framing her face. Before she covered 
them with dark mascara and heavy rouge, her features could be called "cute," 
with huge blue eyes, an upturned button nose, and round cheeks. Her 
lips were full and pouty - probably enhanced, Mark thought, but tastefully so. 
Her large bosom (32Es, Mark guessed, an impressive size on her small frame) strained to 
break free from the pushup cups of a lacey white bustier that drew her 
cleavage up nearly to her throat. A garter belt hugged her hourglass waist, and 
supported white silk stockings with little pink bows on the garters. The knotted 
strings of a gauzy white panty hugged her flaring hips, and her shoes were 3" 
platform pumps in white patent, with 7" heels.
"My father was a brilliant and strong-willed man," the host began as they 
watched the blonde rouge her cheeks. "But he always had a soft spot for the 
ladies. This one was working for a caterer when she seduced him, at a charity 
benefit for orphaned kittens, of all places. Twenty or even ten years ago, he 
would have seen her for the low class gold-digger she was, took what she offered 
him and discarded her.&nbsp; But he had softened somewhat in his age.&nbsp; She somehow 
convinced him that they had a bond of true love, because after a brief courtship 
he married her.&nbsp; He said she brought back to him the joy and innocence of youth, 
that he thought he'd lost."
"And he did enjoy himself with her.&nbsp; He was happy to 
spoil her with gifts and enjoyed the envious looks men gave him when he walked into 
a room with her on his arm. She seemed eager to please, and I think in 
those months played the role of May lover to his December patriarch with gusto." 
Missy showed no reaction as the host spoke, staring ahead into the mirror with 
wide eyes as she painted her pouting lips a light shade of&nbsp;red.
"Nine months ago, and after 6 months of marriage, my father suffered a 
serious stroke. He was in a coma for some weeks, and this thing's..." he nodded 
scowlingly to Missy, "This thing's true nature emerged. The doctors said there 
was still some hope, but she must have been tired of waiting for her big payoff 
and tried to use the money my father had lavished on her to bribe one of his 
doctors to 'let him die with dignity.'"
"Fortunately the doctor came to me, and we confronted Missy. She was too 
frightened even to make excuses, and I tell you I could have killed her at that 
moment. But just then word arrived that my father had awakened."
 Having completed her makeup, Missy rose from the vanity and the men 
watched as she minced back to the center of the room. She faced them but stared 
straight ahead as she stood with feet together, head tilted slightly to one side. 
Her arms hung at her sides, but the hands bent back with fingers pointed 
outwards. She was a perfect, living, slutty doll. Mark's host sipped his drink 
and resumed speaking.
"Unfortunately, my father never fully recovered. He was much weakened and 
confined to a wheelchair, and never regained his speech. But he remained vital, 
and his mind was sound as ever. His wife fled to their summer house and when he 
was strong enough for the truth, I told my father what she had tried to do. 
Then, I explained to him the plan I had formed to exact revenge for her 
attempted murder, while holding her to the promises she'd made to be his lover 
for life."
Missy continued to stand before them, wide-eyed, still, and silent.
"Our attorney drew up the necessary papers and I confronted Missy again at 
the summer house. I explained that my father wanted to put the whole incident 
behind him, and that out of love for his wife would neither press charges nor 
cast her out, on a few conditions. First, she would have to return all the cash 
gifts he had bestowed on her, rely on a small allowance for support, and sign 
contracts forfeiting all rights to my father's property. There were other 
restrictions also."
"She burst into tears and clutched my knees, telling me how sorry she was." 
The bourbon-heir's tone now turned bitter and mocking. "She kept repeating how 
she truly loved my gentle father, who'd been so good to her. She'd only hated to 
see this strong and proud man, who she loved so, reduced to such a pitiful state 
as he had been after the stroke. She claimed to be ashamed to have lost hope, 
and that she'd only done what he'd asked her to do if he were ever terminally 
incapacitated. As though he would trust her, his foolish young wife of a few 
months, with such a decision - before me, his own son! But she made a good show 
of it, and someone who did not know my father as I did might have believed her. 
Now she was so happy he was recovering, when could she see him? &nbsp;'Soon enough,' I 
told her, but first she had to sign the papers."
"She did so quickly, signing away any rights to our family's wealth or 
corporate interests. But, uneducated slut that she is, she trusted me completely 
and didn't bother to read the documents. Along with her rights to my father's 
assets, she gave me power of attorney over herself personally, and furthermore 
committed herself to my care for various mental and emotional disorders. You 
see, my profession is clinical psychiatry. By her signatures she made available 
all the resources of my clinic for assistance with her transformation."
Missy remained motionless before the two men, except for blinks of her long 
black eyelashes that came at precise 8 second intervals.
Mark wondered briefly whether this simple young creature, who sounded like a 
natural submissive, could really have hatched the conspiracy with which his host 
charged her. Perhaps she had been truthful about her intentions. But the 
heir/psychiatrist seemed sure in his judgment. And it was none of Mark's 
business anyway.
"Missy's reunion with my father was tearful, she begged for his forgiveness 
and promised undying love and devotion. He seemed moved briefly, but we had 
determined to put our planned revenge in motion immediately and I passed her a 
note I'd drafted before her arrival. It offered forgiveness indeed, and asked 
that she give him time to recover further before seeing him again. It also asked 
her to undergo certain cosmetic procedures that she had resisted before his 
crisis."
 "She hesitated, but at last agreed. 'Anything for you, my love, I only 
want to please you,' I recall she said, kissing his forehead. We had surgical 
consent forms already prepared, and with some visible reluctance she signed them. 
This was all before I was acquainted with the Society or the considerable 
resources of its members, you see. Working within the mainstream medical 
establishment, these consents were somewhat important." Mark nodded and sipped 
at his excellent bourbon.
    "Before she checked into the clinic I used my legal 
power of attorney over her to make some changes in the ordered procedures. 
She went under the anaesthetic expecting to endure one short session, 
during which she would receive slightly larger breast implants, going from&nbsp;C to D&nbsp;as 
I recall, permanent removal of her pubic hair, and removal of small bags under 
her eyes. Instead, she spent almost a week under sedation, during which she was&nbsp;tended 
to&nbsp;by three different surgeons. When she awoke, she called me to the hospital in a 
panic. She said....well, let's let Missy speak for herself." He turned to the 
silent, staring female. "Tell us, Missy, what did you say to me when I got to 
the hospital?"
 The slutty doll closed her big, blue eyes for a moment as she called 
forth the memory, then opened them again, and moved only her lips as she spoke in 
a high, dreamy voice: "There's been a mistake. This isn't me. They must have 
mixed me up with another patient, some stripper or a porn star. I look like a 
freak. And I think they've done something to my insides. Please find out what 
happened. Please help me. Where is my husband?"
 The psychiatrist turned back to Mark. "Instead of enlarging her implants 
by one cup size, I'd ordered four. The eye lift operation was taken much 
further, tightening both her upper and lower lids to create the 
innocent, deer-in-the-headlights look you see now. Her lips were enhanced, both upper 
and lower." Mark looked at the tiny white panty and noted the pronounced camel 
toe. "The permanent hair removal was extended to all her body below the neck, 
and studs were placed in her tongue. Finally, she received an 
arthroscopic hysterectomy. No more inconvenient periods, no need for birth control, and 
a nice flat tummy. All done by a surgeon working with remote instruments through 
a tube inserted in the vagina, so no external scarring and a short recovery 
period."
 "All fine work, really, though she didn't seem to agree. I consoled her 
and offered a sedative to help her sleep while I got to the bottom of the 
situation. But the injection I gave was actually a cocktail of stimulant and 
hallucinogen. I left her room, telling the hospital staff that she was reacting to 
severe stress and should rest, but within 10 minutes was called back with reports 
that she'd gone insane. She was standing on the bed, shouting obscene gibberish 
and smashing equipment. This time I gave her a real sedative, produced 
her thoroughly legal commitment papers, and while expressing disappointment at 
her relapse arranged her transfer to the psychiatric clinic where I'm senior 
partner."
"The first step in her behavior modification program was a simple surgical 
procedure: I disconnected those parts of her brain where most of the personality 
and will reside. It's an old procedure I'd read about in the textbooks, once 
hailed as a promising treatment for schizophrenia. You've probably heard the old 
term for it: 'lobotomy.' Brain mapping and surgical techniques are much more 
evolved now. The work was done with needles so there's no detectable scarring, 
and I could be far more selective about the parts of the brain affected than 
could the butchers at the 'Cuckoo's Nest.' The results are still permanent, 
though."
"Next, we set about erasing and reprogramming what remained of her identity, 
by a combination of electroshock and chemical treatments, and a strict regimen 
of sleep deprivation and pain-pleasure conditioning that went on for some 
months. The new person that finally emerged is the one standing before you." The 
psychiatrist paused to sip his bourbon. Missy blinked.
"'Missy' wasn't her given name, by the way. 'Little 
Missy' was a pet name my father used with her in private. I thought it would be 
appropriate for her new identity.&nbsp; Unfortunately, my father's condition 
worsened while his wife was under my care. Late in her treatment I brought her to see him, but he was too 
weak to enjoy her company. He passed four months ago, shortly before her transformation was 
completed."
"I'm sorry," Mark offered.
The room was deadly quiet for a moment, then the psychiatrist made a visible 
effort to brighten his face. "Well, you've been very patient listening to me, 
I'm sure you'd like to see the new Missy in action."
 Missy's re-creator set his glass down on the table and picked up a 
large remote control studded with many buttons. Mark groaned inside, expecting 
another video presentation. But when his host pressed two buttons in sequence, 
the blinking mannequin began a writhing, erotic dance. Turning away from the 
men, she looked over her shoulder while grinding her hips, and reached behind 
herself to unclasp her bustier.
 "Recall my father was wheelchair-bound, and robbed of speech. I trained 
his wife to respond via a remote control. Here, take a look." He handed the 
remote to Mark. It had scores of small buttons, all blue except&nbsp;a red one&nbsp;labeled 
"STOP." A rocker switch that fell naturally under the right thumb was labeled 
"FASTER &lt;&gt; SLOWER." Other buttons he noted at first glance included LICK, 
TICKLE, VAG.FUCK, and ASSFUCK, along with many slang words for anatomical parts 
male and female. Toggles near the bottom bore such labels as FACE/BACK and 
SMILE/POUT.
 Mark looked up to see Missy still grinding, facing them now as her E-cup 
tits swung free. As she began to untie her string panty, Mark's host called 
his attention back to the remote. "The buttons on the upper part are arranged 
with actions on the left, and action modifiers on the right. I just pressed 
DANCE, and STRIP, see?" Missy dropped her panty at her feet and lowered herself into 
a grinding squat, ass-cheeks touching her heels. Her bald, swollen pussy was 
spread open by the position. She shifted her weight to one leg, and her hands 
slid down a silk stocking toward a shoe buckle.
"I kind of like the shoes," said Mark.
"OK, press STOP."
At a touch of the button Missy froze in place.
"Now try DANCE and POLE."
Mark obliged, and Missy stepped back to press her butt against a brass pole 
that extended from floor to ceiling behind where she'd been standing. She 
grasped the pole with both hands above her head and slid slowly down to a squat, 
again spreading her pink pussy for Mark and his host. She rose again and began 
twisting around the pole.
"How does it work, actually?" Mark asked, examining the remote from all 
angles. "Is there some kind of receiver in her brain?"
  "No, that kind of technology is still science fiction. Missy has 
been conditioned to respond to a set of specific voice commands. A memory chip 
in the remote holds several dozen WAV files, electronic recordings of my voice 
issuing those commands. When you press the buttons, the remote transmits the 
appropriate files to a miniature receiver in her ear, which we developed from a 
commercial product. She hears the commands and responds. I could actually 
control her by voice alone, without the remote, but somehow that's not as 
satisfying. And since your tone and cadence are different from mine, she might 
not respond properly to your voice."
Mark watched the painted slut dance for a while. She was quite limber, with a 
large repertoire of sexy moves. "Did you have to program each of those motions 
individually?" 
"Oh, no, that's a beauty of the procedures we employed. While her original 
identity and will have been permanently destroyed, her memory, motor skills, and 
learning ability remain intact. When I began with her she was already a skilled 
cocksucker -&nbsp;I suppose my father taught her how he wanted that done. The dancing 
and many more skills were taught by viewing continuous loops of selected videos 
during her sleep deprivation and isolation periods. Press FASTER." Mark did, and 
the pace of her erotic contortions increased.
"Again." She hung upside down now, her limbs flicking quickly as she clasped 
the pole with her silk-clad legs and spun about it.
"Again...again."
   Missy&nbsp;flew up and down and around the pole, spinning like a circus 
acrobat. Her blonde hair whipped about, her arms flailed and her heavy jugs 
flopped crazily, while her skin began to glow with perspiration. A knocking sound&nbsp;came from 
the pole as it bucked in its mounts. Mark throttled her back down slightly.
"Try DANCE, then LAP," his host suggested. Again Mark complied, and Missy 
approached him aggressively, putting her hands on his shoulders as she bent in 
front of him and swished her blonde hair over his face so fast that it smarted. 

"You might want to slow her down a little more," the shrink advised with a smile. 
Instead Mark pressed STOP, then REST. Missy immediately retreated two steps, 
knelt back with heels to buttocks and hands clasped behind her, and stared at 
Mark's feet. Her big chest rose and fell as she breathed heavily after her 
frenetic dance, but her mouth was closed and she seemed to be in fine 
condition.
"Her dancing is wonderful, but this is my first green disk of the Expo, 
and..."
"Of course!" exclaimed his host. "I'm sorry, you've been so patient, thank 
you for listening. Missy is yours to command. Just be judicious with the 
DEEPTHROAT command. When I first tried it I didn't realize how effectively I'd 
erased her self-preservation instinct, and nearly asphyxiated the poor thing." 
He sat back and crossed his legs, clearly eager to observe the proceedings.
Mark studied the remote for a moment, switched a toggle from WALK to CRAWL, 
and pressed STROKE then COCK. From her kneeling position Missy crawled between 
his knees, undid his trousers and gently unfurled his manhood, fully reawakened 
by her performance on the pole after having softened during the psychiatrist's 
long medical dissertation. She took the rigid member in her fist and drooled a 
wad of saliva on it, working the natural lube up and down its length.
   Mark pressed STROKE &gt; BALLS. Continuing to stroke her right 
hand up and down his cock,&nbsp;her wide eyes focused intently on his reddening glans, she 
reached into his trousers with her left hand and cupped his balls. Gently she 
rolled them back and forth across her fingers.
FASTER. The speed of both motions increased.
FASTER. Missy was really pumping now, and dropped another load of lubricating 
drool over Mark's rock-hard cock. The sensation was fantastic, but after a 
minute or two he sensed a premature buildup of pressure and clicked SLOWER three 
times. Now the right hand moved softly and lovingly up and down his manhood, 
while the left barely shifted the weight of his balls back and forth. The 
pressure eased slightly, and while she continued slowly stroking he examined the 
remote.
TITRUB &gt; COCK. Missy immediately dropped her face to his groin and took 
his dick into her mouth. Mark turned to his host. A malfunction?
"Don't worry," said the shrink, reading his mind. "She's just getting you 
good and wet." Sure enough, after a few sloppy lipstrokes she leaned back and 
cupped her hands under her round tits. Leaning forward she snatched his dripping 
cock up between them, then pushed down on her knees and began to ride with her 
entire body while Little Mark's head popped cheerfully in and out of view, deep 
in her cleavage.
FASTER. FASTER. Her ride increased to a gallop.
FASTER. Unable to move her entire body any faster, the programmed slut 
stopped that motion and began using her hands to rub her tits quickly up and 
down the length of Mark's shaft. She pulled her chin in to drool more saliva 
into her cleavage, greasing the fleshy piston.
            
  Mark allowed the turbocharged titfuck to continue for some time, 
while Missy automatically rewetted the area of contact at intervals. Soon 
he felt the pressure building again. Mark was a skilled and disciplined cocksman when motivated, but 
there was no reason to hold back here, and he let the girl raise him near 
the point of release. 
When he felt the first quivers in his balls he pressed SUCK 
&gt; COCK.&nbsp;Missy dropped her tits with a flop and inhaled him. Mark 
had not slowed her, so she plunged her rewired head up 
and down along the length of his straining purple dick with almost frightening vigor.&nbsp; Mark groped 
for DPTHROT, but he was beginning to loose control - as his body tightened his thumb 
fell instead on STOP. 
Missy froze, her full red lips clamped tightly halfway down his cock, and the 
first explosive surge of cum puffed out her cheeks and blasted out both 
nostrils. At that sight Mark threw his head back and let himself go completely. 
The relief was so great that his vision briefly darkened.
Slowly he came back to life.
"I see you really did need that. Sorry again to keep you waiting."
Mark's balls were still twitching as he raised his head and looked down at 
the remote-controlled cockslut. She still kneeled in position, her lips grasping 
his only slightly softened member, with streams of his cum dribbling from her 
nose to her chin and from there dripping to pool on the floor.
"Sloppy girl, isn't she?" he joked, still mildly euphoric.
 Missy's programmer corrected him. "Actually she's quite competent. 
You failed to set SWALLOW."
              Mark squinted 
at the remote and sure enough there it was, on a toggle beside 
SPIT. Now he flipped the switch, and without moving the blonde cum-bucket gulped down what semen remained 
in her mouth.
                
             
      "It's a bit much to keep track of in the heat 
of the moment."
The psychiatrist smiled again. "That's why we incorporated a programmable 
feature into the remote. You can preset desired routines and set the remote down 
while Missy goes to work. But that's a bit complicated for a first session."
Mark made no argument. He pressed CLEAN &gt; COCK and Missy pulled her mouth off 
of him with a pop and began sliding her studded pink tongue up and down the sides of 
his prick, lapping up the wasted sperm. When she was done he pressed REST. She 
crawled backwards two paces and returned to the submissive kneeling pose. Her 
tarty makeup was badly smeared, and Mark's thinning jism still coated the bottom 
half of her face and dripped into her cleavage. As she exhaled a small 
cum-bubble grew below her nostril, and popped.
"If you like you can order CLEAN &gt; SELF, and she will go powder her 
nose."
"I think she's beautiful just like that," Mark said as he tucked away his now 
comfortably chubby dick. "If you're still pouring, let's drink to your 
remarkable work, and to your father's spirit. Then, maybe you could show me how 
to program this thing."
&nbsp;
[...]  

&nbsp;
&nbsp;






EMW03Amber


&nbsp;
-------------------------------
-------------------------------
The Exhibition of Modified Women, 
Pt 3 - "Amber"
by Benfan
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
The exhibitor gladly poured two more bourbons over fresh ice and the men 
shared a friendly toast.
"I agree Missy makes quite a sight with your addition to her makeup," the 
psychiatrist said, as he watched Mark's seed ooze down the face of the adorable 
zombie. "But I prefer to keep the room tidy." He took a cell phone out of his 
pocket and dialed a number.&nbsp; "Yes, I need cleanup again in 6-Charlie. No, 
just the carpet this time. A small area, one cleaner should be fine. OK, 
thanks." &nbsp;He closed the phone. "Should just be a few minutes."
"So tell me," Mark asked, looking at Missy's remote. "How do you program an 
extended routine? You can demonstrate yourself, of course. You've been very 
hospitable but I don't want to monopolize your little toy!"
"Actually, aside from what was necessary during her training, I don't make 
use of Missy myself. She was remade to suit my father's tastes, not mine. And, 
call me old fashioned but I still think of her as my father's wife."
"Well if that's the case," Mark answered, "I'm very impressed with her and 
wonder if you might consider a trade, or perhaps an outright purchase."
"Thank you, that's a real compliment, but I think I'll keep her. I do enjoy 
very much watching Missy perform for strangers, which is why I was glad to have 
the opportunity to bring her to the Expo. She gets plenty of exercise, too: at 
home she spends several nights a week at the glory holes of the local S&amp;M 
clubs. I stand at a discrete distance, using the remote, and the patrons all 
believe she's a consensual submissive. She's become quite popular. For my own 
needs, I've begun to apply the lessons learned in Missy's transformation to my 
ex-wife Amber."
"Really? Did you bring her along as well?"
"No, I'm attempting a different and in some ways more ambitious behavior 
modification program for Amber, and she's at a delicate stage. It might set her 
training back to leave the clinic at this point. Right now she's resting - 
uncomfortably - in a sensory deprivation tank, viewing some educational videos 
and undergoing automated pain/pleasure conditioning. I have some images, 
though." The shrink set down his bourbon and removed a tablet PC from the bar 
cabinet, placing it on the top counter.
At that moment there was a chime at the door and Missy's trainer moved to 
open it. At first it appeared to Mark, as he looked toward the door over one of 
the high backed leather chairs, that no one was there. But then he heard a 
thump-thump-thump and in a moment the carpet cleaner scurried past his 
feet, sniffing and seeking for filth.
Covered in black latex except for eyes, nostrils, mouth and hanging tits, she 
moved on all fours. To say "hands and knees" would be incorrect, since her limbs 
had been amputated at elbow and knee. The ends of her truncated appendages were 
covered by padded rubber caps, which made the thumping sound as she moved 
purposefully about. A toaster-sized mechanical unit was strapped to the small of 
her back, with a ribbed hose extending from it and down between her butt cheeks 
where it disappeared into her rectum. Her mouth was propped open in an "O" and a 
ring of white bristles protruded from it, extending just past her red lips.
In a moment the efficient cleaner located the small slick of jism, and 
lowered her mouth to it. An LED lit up on the power unit and the woosh! 
of a vacuum was heard, as most of the little puddle was sucked down the 
cleaner's throat. She advanced a few inches and splayed her half-arms, 
flattening her full bosom over the spill. Pumping her tits up and down on the 
carpet, she squirted a cleaning solution from her nipples onto the stain. Moving 
back again, she lowered her face and this time two LEDs lit up, as the vacuum 
action was joined by the spinning of the mouth-brush. She repeated the 
squirt-and-suck routine twice before the cleanup was complete. As she scurried 
toward the door again, Mark noticed that her latex covered tummy hung a bit 
lower than it had when she'd entered.
Closing the door behind the carpet cleaner, the shrink returned to the small 
bar and the tablet PC. "Let's have a look at Amber, then....that is, of course, 
if you're interested?"
"Very much so!"
"Good... We'd been divorced for 4 years before my father's stroke, and she 
had&nbsp;moved out of the country, but it was easy enough to find her by 
following my money. She'd set up house down on the Mexican Riviera, which 
actually worked out well for me since the disappearance of single women doesn't 
attract as much attention down there as in the States. She'd expatriated as a 
First Class passenger, but returned home as cargo. After reacquainting myself 
with her, I began her makeover by sending her to the clinic of a doctor I'd met 
through the Society."
"How did you become aware of the Society, then?" Mark asked, suspecting the 
answer.
"Ah. Well, shortly after Missy's surgeries, I was visited by the doctor who 
had performed most of her cosmetic procedures. He asked if Missy was pleased 
with the results, then whether I was. He was friendly but his questions 
were probing. When he said he had some questions about the consent forms, I 
feared the jig was up - he must realize that Missy had been an unwilling patient 
and might have come to turn me over to the law, or more likely attempt to 
blackmail me. My thoughts turned to the gun I keep in my desk, as I kept 
deflecting his questions. To my surprise when his interview ended he invited me 
to a party, at a secluded private estate. As a member yourself I think you know 
the kind of party I'm talking about." Mark nodded, smiling.
"After proving my character in front of many witnesses there, I was invited 
some weeks later to interview for Society membership. Within a few weeks, even 
as I was planning Amber's return, I made the acquaintance of several experts who 
could help me with her transformation. I learned that cosmetic surgeons are well 
represented among Society members. In exchange for their contributions to my 
projects current and future, I'm using my own expertise to help them with some 
of their more incorrigible training problems. A fine arrangement, I think."
"Undoubtedly. So, what did you plan for Amber?"
"Well, my plans changed when I learned what was possible through the Society. 
The cosmetic procedures sanctioned by the medical establishment only scratch the 
surface of what's possible with modern surgical techniques. I had originally 
envisioned an outcome not too different from Missy's, but with the resources now 
available decided to indulge more outrageous fantasies I'd kept secret for many 
years, believing I was the only man who entertained them."
He tapped a key on the tablet and the slideshow began. Mark bent slightly to 
the smallish screen. The first image was of a mature but attractive brunette, 
strapped naked to an unusual, unpadded hospital gurney that had been turned on 
end to present her for the picture. Her figure was on the meaty side, but still 
shapely and firm, especially for one who appeared to be in her mid 40s. Clearly, 
Amber had kept herself up with diet and exercise. Her hips were wide, and her 
breasts remarkable: full and heavy but very firm and shapely for a woman of her 
maturity. Her dark shouder length hair was disheveled but rich and thick. Her 
brown eyes looked wild, and her mouth was open in loud complaint.
"That's a 'before' shot, I take it?"
"Right. The next one is after the first superficial procedures." He tapped 
the key, and the next image showed his ex-wife in a similar pose, but now she 
was bald, both above and below. The eyes and brow were furrowed with pain, the 
mouth still wide open but plugged now by a red ball gag that was strapped 
tightly across her cheeks. The previously shapely tits were now larger, angry 
red, and stood out from her chest like inflated balls.
"Amber was always vain about her big, fine tits. As a young women she wore 
the tight sweaters, as my wife she loved to dress provocatively and flirt with 
strangers when we went out on the town. Throughout our marriage she slept in a 
bra to maintain her shape, and while she liked having me suckle her she often 
complained about being squeezed or pulled. I think fear of losing her figure was 
one of the reasons she always refused to have children."
"I decided to take advantage of that vanity to help break her will. This was 
the first step in the breast modification process, as managed by an experienced 
Society doctor: injection of a little more than 1000cc of a saline/glycerine 
solution into each breast, to stretch the skin. The saline is slowly absorbed by 
the body, but after each set of injections the tissues are a little softer, the 
skin a little looser. We repeated the procedure several times, eventually 
working up to 3000cc in each breast." The third image showed a somewhat slimmer 
Amber, no doubt on dietary restrictions. Now her tits were pink, elongated, and 
drooped almost to her navel.
"Next she was strapped into a tit stretching harness originally developed by 
the Farrell clinic. At this time we also began her oral modifications." Image 4 
showed the helpless Amber strapped into a tight corset that extended from 
shoulder to groin. Her stretched tits projected through two round holes 
located&nbsp;at the proper height&nbsp;for breasts, but were then flattened by a 
series of tight straps that descended the corset's front, until finally bulging 
out at navel level. The strangled orbs at the bottom of this ladder of pain 
glowed red. Her mouth was still wide open, but no gag or strap was evident. The 
lips looked slightly puffy, and her head slumped.
"The behavior modifications don't show up in these stills as well as the 
physical ones, but throughout this process I had also been working diligently on 
her conditioning. While I was very happy with the remote control system 
developed for Missy and am employing that for Amber as well, I'd decided to 
forego the lobotomy for my ex-wife. I'm attempting to train her to the remote 
while leaving enough of her personality intact to be recognizable, and enough 
awareness for her to understand what's happening to her. Her training has been 
more of a challenge than Missy's was, but we're making good progress. Of course 
this conditioning is highly experimental, and with her brain intact I'll never 
be able to trust Amber as completely as I do Missy. So the extensive oral mods 
you see are necessary, for safety."
A close up of the patient's face, held up by blunt hooks in the nostrils, 
revealed the oral changes. A shiny steel ring behind her teeth held Amber's 
mouth at full gape, and was held in place by steel pins fitted into the sockets 
where four of her teeth had been. All of her teeth had been pulled, and the lips 
which had appeared puffy in the previous image were now clearly swollen. The 
next image showed Amber's torso, with the balls of her stretched tits now 
strapped down to her hip line.
"Lack of trust also indicated further modifications. The next step I think 
contributed as much to breaking her spirit as did the tit-stretching." This set 
of images showed the hairless Amber with even fuller, now comically inflated 
lips, and red tit-balls the size of honeydew melons framing her bald pussy. Her 
shoulders were wrapped in bandages, and a pair of pale, bloody arms lay on the 
floor before her gurney. Her eyes which till now had harbored a mix of pain, 
fear, and anger now gave way to teary despair.
"Here's the most recent set." The bandages were gone, and faint pink scars 
marked where Amber's arms once had hung. Beneath heavy lids and dark lashes, her 
brown eyes looked dead as they peered out over a glossy red donut that projected 
where her mouth had been. Her lips had been pumped so full that they covered the 
lower part of her face nearly from nose to chin. Her strapped-down tits were 
volleyball sized, the erect nipples now pointing down below her hairless 
pussy.
A close up of her throat showed a coin-sized disk of bright steel mesh, like 
a small locket but without chain or strap to hold it in place. "Having nearly 
strangled the passive Missy during a deep-throating session, I tested several 
solutions to the problem of respiration for the oral slave. That small grille 
protects a micropore air filter implanted in Amber's larynx, which allows her to 
breathe while her throat massages my penis for periods of several minutes. The 
modification renders her mute, as well - though her mouth is not much use in 
forming words anymore, anyway."
High on the disfigured woman's chest an ornament hung on a chain round her 
neck: a tiny antique bottle carved from natural amber. "That's a nice touch," 
Mark observed, "more poetic than a simple name badge or tattoo. What's that 
inside the bottle? One of those fossilized bugs?"
"That," the ex-husband replied with a satisfied grin, "is Amber's 
clitoris."
&nbsp;
[...]
&nbsp;
      &nbsp;






EMW04May


&nbsp;
&nbsp;
------------------------------
------------------------------
The Exposition of Modified Women, 
Part 4 - Carry-on Companion
by Benfan
&nbsp;
Down the row of exhibits a bit from the private and richly furnished chamber of 
Missy and Amber's master was a different kind of booth. A simple folding canopy 
supported plastic walls on three sides, defining a twelve by twelve foot space 
that was sparsely furnished. A folding chair sat unoccupied in the rear, behind 
a little table. On one side of the temporary room was a cabinet and sink, near 
the other a pair of floor mounted brackets supported a horizontal metal bar 
about six feet off the ground. Despite the spartan furnishings a number of 
people were listening to the presentation of the casually dressed, heavyset man 
under the canopy. Noting green and golden disks on one of the canopy supports, 
Mark moved closer to have a look.
"...it got so that I hated to travel," the man was saying, "anywhere I didn't 
know I could find a reliable Society member to share his hospitality. Since my 
business investigating exotic plant cures involves travelling to remote areas, 
this wasn't always an option - so I was lucky to come across the exciting new 
drug that made my new travel companion possible."
He stepped to the cabinet and, opening a door, dragged out a small rolling 
suitcase. It might have been just small enough to qualify as carry-on baggage, 
at times when airline security was not at its highest. Extending the telescoping 
handle he rolled the case - which was apparently fairly heavy - to the center of 
the room and spun it to face his small audience.
"Now I warn you, gentleman, when she's in her traveling state most of you 
probably won't find my playmate very attractive. But please, stick around for 
the entire demonstration before passing judgment. There are some snacks and 
drinks on the table over there."
Unzipping the front of the small case he revealed a tangle of tanned, twisted 
human limbs from behind which&nbsp;wide, dark eyes stared out of the shadows. 
The man reached down and grasped an ankle, so delicate that it seemed lost in 
his beefy grip, and slowly drew out a frighteningly skinny leg. He repeated the 
motion for the other, then unfolded a pair of spindly arms leaving the girl's 
tiny hands laying palms-up on her thighs. The limbs appeared stiff and projected 
awkwardly, and were so thin that Mark guessed he could close his thumb and 
forefinger around the widest part of the thigh.
Mark could see that the torso and head of the unmoving figure still inside 
the small case could barely squeeze into the space allotted them. To fit within 
the long dimension of the case the girl's spine was flexed severely with the 
pelvis bent forward, displaying a brazilian-waxed pussy and plugged anus. The 
dark-haired head was pushed up against a thin pad in the top of the little 
compartment.
"I need to take my time unpacking her, since the muscles tend to stiffen up." 
The exhibitor stepped back and spoke while the spidery limbs slowly relaxed and 
let the floor take their weight.
"Getting a fully functional, adult female down to carry-on size was the main 
goal of this project, and the main challenge. I thought about amputation as a 
short cut,&nbsp;but I do prefer complete females. And dwarves, well, I was glad 
to find a better solution."
"I did some homework and figured that it should be possible to flex the torso 
of a small-framed woman of 4-foot, 8-inch height to meet the maximum allowable 
length for carry-on luggage. Finding a suitable subject was no trouble, since my 
work often brings me into contact with foreign cultures that will still sell you 
their excess females for a fair price, no questions asked. On my first trip 
overseas after cooking up this idea I was able to find a perfect subject, 
courtesy of one of my usual contacts in the Southeast Asian hill country. May is 
a little thing but she was fully grown when I bought her - her tribe is 
typically small in stature. And by now she should be ready to come out and 
play!"
Bending, he reached in and placed one hand under each of the tiny woman's 
armpits and tipped her forward and out of the case. He lifted the wispy, naked 
form easily and carried it to the horizontal bar. Each of the delicate wrists 
bore a small padded cuff which he clipped to the bar, suspending her.
At first her spine remained hunched, with the pelvis projecting forward so 
that her feet didn't touch the ground. But slowly she was straightened by 
gravity, the spine and legs relaxing until her toes touched the floor. When they 
did she adjusted her stance slightly, taking some weight off her wrists. Other 
than infrequent eyeblinks this was the first sign of life she had displayed.
The exhibitor shared some stories of past acquisitions and projects, stalling for 
time while his current offering unfolded herself. As he had been warned, Mark 
found her remarkably unattractive. The long dark hair and big, brown eyes were 
fine, but she appeared emaciated to the point of starvation. Her face was gaunt, 
and light brown skin hung loosely over sharp bones that poked out everywhere.&nbsp; 
Her breasts dangled like loose, empty sacs almost to the bottom 
of her rib cage.
"I can tell by your faces that most of you share my taste in female figures - 
May's not very sexy, is she? Well, now, here's the real trick." The bulky 
exhibitor returned to the suitcase and unzipped an external pocket, drawing from 
it a small case filled with an assortment of plastic tubes and gadgets. He hung 
a collapsible bucket from the rod between the hanging girl's wrists, and clipped 
to its bottom a plastic tube that led to a tapered plug. The plug fit between 
the girl's plump lips - the only feature she had that looked soft and feminine - 
which clasped it firmly.
Stepping to the sink the exhibitor filled a small plastic pitcher with water, 
which he dumped into the suspended bucket. The water drained down the tube and 
into the girl's mouth, and her hollow cheeks pulsed as she sucked greedily at 
the prod.
"The drug regimen May's been on was developed by my company, in hopes of 
creating a new 'miracle weight-loss' drug. Big money in that, you know. 
Unfortunately it has some serious side effects, in fact so nasty that the 
R&amp;D boys didn't just discontinue working on it, they destroyed all of their 
records related to it. Something about a clinical trial gone wrong, I heard. But 
luckily a colleague at the company who shares my tastes in women - and who has 
made other contributions to the Society in the past - saved the key formulas 
and a small supply of the experimental drug itself."
"The drug targets fat cells for dehydration, drawing water out and into the 
bloodstream where it's eliminated in the usual way. May's been given doses 
significantly above what was planned for normal weight-loss patients, 
and&nbsp;all the fat cells in her body have been completely dehydrated. Not just 
the large pockets of fat under the skin that we usually think of as "body fat," 
but all her fat cells - including those hidden in her muscles and organs. You 
saw how easy it was for me to carry her just now - in her dehydrated travel 
state she only weighs a little over 50 pounds, so the case with her in it 
comes in under the weight limit for international checked baggage. And all you 
need to reconstitute her is a good supply of clean drinking water.&nbsp; This 
whole kit was designed for travel, and to work in a typical hotel room. This 
suspension bar is the same height as most hotel closet bars."
The girl slurped the last drop of water from the suspended bucket. Mark 
looked at her closely while the exhibitor returned to the sink and refilled the 
bucket - except for a slight distension in her tummy he saw no change, no 
filling out or easing of her extreme gauntness.
"Oral watering works fine, but takes a couple of hours for full effect. To 
speed the process we can hit her from both ends - the colon has a lot more 
surface area than the stomach and is much more efficient at absorbing water." 
The exhibitor rigged up a second line from the bucket, and reached behind the 
girl's narrow hips to insert it into her anus.
"May's plugged for travel, for obvious reasons, and the plug has a one-way 
valve so she's ready for this fitting as soon as she comes out of the 
case."&nbsp;He twisted a knob on the union of the two lines, and the bucket 
began draining quickly. In just a few seconds it was ready for refilling 
again.
The exhibitor refilled the bucket several more times, while providing more 
details on May's care and maintenance and telling stories of his adventures in 
the jungle. When a few minutes had gone by and after helping himself to coffee 
and a cookie at the exhibitor's snack table, Mark saw that the tiny female body 
was responding to its liberal "watering." Her hips were beginning to fill out 
and hide the projecting bones, and the dangling breasts had begun to swell. As 
she plumped she stirred more often, shifting her weight from one foot to the 
other and flexing her neck as her muscles regained their flexibility. After a 
few more minutes - it was lucky the exhibitor was a good storyteller - she 
started to resemble a healthy, attractive girl. And a few minutes after that, 
she was a petite, exotic beauty.
Her wrists, which at first had rattled loosely within the suspending cuffs, 
now filled them snugly. May's face, which had been sunken and bony, was now 
youthful and pretty, though the full lips were unchanged - Mark guessed they had 
been artificially plumped. The spidery legs had taken on a feminine shape, though 
still quite slim. The girl's torso was naturally slight - her waist 
remained&nbsp;less than twenty inches&nbsp;around - but now looked healthy and 
adequately fed, a huge improvement over the bag of bones that had emerged from 
the little case twenty or thirty minutes before. Her taut little butt had filled 
out nicely, while the flaccid, tubular breasts had blossomed into lovely pears 
that stood firm and proud on her chest, their D-cup volume appearing much larger 
in proportion to her tiny frame.
Finishing one last tale of lurid tropical exploits, the exhibitor made a 
gesture of presentation toward his exhibit. The little crowd applauded briefly, 
offering comments like "Outstanding!" and "Remarkable!"
"Thank you, thank you gentlemen. And when it's time for me to pack up and 
move on, one prick of a needle and within six hours May's nicely compacted 
again. I just have to remember to give her the catheter, if I want to avoid a 
mess." He smiled, holding up a delicate plastic nozzle. "All that water has to 
go somewhere."
"Now let's get her down so she can show how eager she is to please..." He 
disconnected the hose from May's butt plug - which he explained must remain in 
place until she'd been given a chance to void - then uncuffed each wrist in 
turn. The rehydrated concubine staggered slightly when her arms dropped, and 
continued to stare blankly ahead as her master drew the oral watering prod from 
her mouth with a pop.
"Besides the drug treatments, and the lipo fat redistribution we used 
to&nbsp;grow those tits, May's been learning some English. Knees, May."
After a pause the girl dropped wordlessly to her haunches. The exhibitor 
stepped close to her with his hands on his hips.
"Give me a hand job, May."
Again she was slow to react, but after a few seconds turned her&nbsp;pretty 
face&nbsp;to his trouser front and raised her hands to his zipper. Methodically 
she opened it and slipped her tiny hands inside to unfurl his half-erect 
manhood. Her wide brown eyes stared, barely blinking, at the reddening glans 
while she gently stroked up and down his rod.
"She seems a little dazed," the guest next to Mark observed. "Is that a side 
effect?"
"Yes," the exhibitor replied while the little doll continued her massage. 
"Apparently taking all the fat cells out of the body's metabolic loop deprives 
the brain of a steady supply of energy, and leads to minor brain damage. May's 
vital functions are fine, and she has enough mind left to respond to commands, 
but she's quite a bit duller than she was when we first started working 
together. This side effect is irreversible and apparently unavoidable - in fact 
it's probably why my company dropped the drug from development, though you won't 
get a straight answer from the R&amp;D guys. Suck me now, May."
The dark-haired pixie spread her full lips, rocked up onto her knees and took 
him in her mouth. Her hands reached up to grasp the backs of his thighs while 
she began bobbing slowly back and forth, and a hum rose and fell in her 
throat.
"Looks like she's got all the brain she needs," the questioner opined, 
earning some chuckles from the small group.
"Heh, yes I suppose. She's a well-trained fuck, too - tight little thing - but 
I don't want to bore you with my personal favorite positions." The exhibitor stepped 
back, drawing his prick out of the girl's mouth. Her wide brown eyes followed 
him across the room, and a tiny string of drool descended from her half 
open pout as he zipped up and addressed his potential customers.&nbsp; "On 
the other hand, anyone who cares to test her skills is welcome."
Two men stepped forward eagerly, and after poking and probing at her soft 
parts&nbsp;began negotiating who would be first to sample the girl's 
wares.&nbsp; The matter was settled when they&nbsp;realized they could go at the 
same time. While one unzipped his trousers and slipped his&nbsp;dick into May's 
accommodating mouth the other lifted her easily by the hips - even when 
rehydrated the tiny beauty couldn't have weighed ninety pounds - and pressed his 
cock into her slick pussy from behind.&nbsp; As they pushed the doll-like figure 
back and forth between them, her toes high off the ground, the exhibitor looked 
on with the eye of an experienced salesman deciding who might be a serious 
customer.&nbsp; After a moment he turned again to address his audience.
"Well gentlemen, I'm happy to offer this treatment to members of the Society. 
Those with the appropriate medical skills to administer it can purchase the drug 
itself. Or, I can work with my contacts in the global market for females to 
provide treated and fully trained specimens, to your specifications. As you see 
I used this drug treatment to create a more portable playmate. The prescription 
can also be used at lower doses for its intended purpose - taking a little extra 
weight off your girls - as long as you don't mind the accompanying loss of 
intelligence. And I'm sure you can think of more exotic applications for it, 
too! My partner and I would be happy to work with you to make those ideas 
reality - for just a small percentage over cost."
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
  
&nbsp;






EMW05SweepSmoke


&nbsp;
--------------------------------
The Exposition of Modified Women, 
Part 5 - Smoking Section
by Benfan
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
For probably the ten thousandth time Yelena sighed ruefully, realizing that 
she'd gotten exactly what she'd asked for.
A gangly, flat chested and homely girl from a farm outside Minsk, she'd never 
had much hope that she might catch the eye of some Prince Charming in a white 
Mercedes who would whisk her away to a life of luxury. She knew that if she 
wanted to escape the drudgery that seemed to be her destiny, she'd have to make 
her own way. So one day she'd braided up her lank brown hair and made the long 
walk into town to see a man who advertised for girls seeking work as domestics 
in the West. Her parents had warned - and she'd heard rumors herself - that he 
was a gangster who picked out the better looking girls for consignment to the 
sex trade. But Yelena expected that her homeliness would protect her. She was 
sure that if he - or any man - did want to hire her, it would be for cleaning 
and washing and little more.
Her knees knocked a little as the well dressed, slick haired man welcomed her 
into his office with a gold-studded grin. She felt uncomfortable when after a 
few perfunctory questions he looked her up and down searchingly, then asked her 
to turn around so he could see her from the back. She shivered when he asked her 
to lift her skirt to the thigh so that he could see her long, slim legs. His 
eyes were dark and cold, and she believed suddenly that the rumors might be true 
- that he was looking for prostitutes, not maids. For a moment Yelena hoped that 
after the humiliating inspection he would say she was unsuitable.
But a young girl's dreams don't die so easily.
"I know I'm not the prettiest girl," she'd said, biting her lip, "but I work 
hard. I'll never be a movie star but maybe I can clean the house of a rich old 
lady. Don't you have some job where I can work hard and no one cares about my 
face?"
To her surprise when the man completed his examination he'd clapped his hands 
and smiled.
"I have just the job for you. In America!" he'd said. She'd clapped too and 
even done a little hop, thrilled as she was at her good fortune...
Now, two years later - of which the first several months had been filled with 
demanding training and a terrifying journey, packed together with dozens of 
other young women in a dark, nearly airless cargo container, like sardines in a 
can - Yelena busied herself about the job she'd begged for.
Bent double at the hips, she stared down at concrete pavement directly below 
her face. A tall, stiff collar that projected well under her chin forced her 
neck back, so that she always faced straight down toward the floor. Her homely 
face was hidden by a rubber mask that protected her eyes and lungs from the dust 
and ash that she was constantly stirring up, inches below her nose.
Yelena's extreme, jacknifed posture was enforced by a cylindrical sheath of 
stiff black leather that bound her thighs tightly to her torso. Above the sheath 
her wide, white buttocks were naked to the air, and to the touch of many hands 
that swatted or groped her as she went blindly about her business.
Blindly, because where the sheath ended at the level of her knees and armpits 
a wide conical skirt blossomed. Made of translucent white fabric and draped on 
the outside with tiers of fluffy white taffeta, the skirt hid her calves, arms, 
and shaved head. The wire hoop that gave the skirt its conical shape scraped 
along within an inch or two of the ground. The delicate fabric allowed enough 
light to pass through to illuminate Yelena's work area, but her vision was 
limited to a three foot wide circle of floor.
Under the fluffy skirt Yelena's arms were covered in long latex mittens, her 
elbows cuffed and linked to her boot tops by short chains that prevented her 
from reaching the hem of the skirt while still allowing her enough range of 
motion to do her duties. The tall, stiff boots featured towering heels that 
forced her feet nearly into a ballet position. Learning to move about in the 
extreme heels, while bent completely double and hobbled by the tight leather 
sheath, had taken up several weeks of the girl's training. But with the frequent 
encouragement of a stiff crop across her bare bottom she'd mastered it at last, 
and now fairly glided about with quick tiny steps a few inches long.
Yelena's mittened hands were bound by rubber straps to the tools of her 
trade: a small hand broom and dustpan. The latter featured a hollow handle that 
served to hold the dirt and bits of trash she swept up as she glided too and fro 
across the concrete floor of....wherever it was this time that her handlers had 
unloaded her and set her to work.
------
Stepping out of a booth, Mark almost bumped into the upturned bottom of one 
of the faceless sweepers that kept the exhibition floor tidy. He watched for a 
moment as it glided surreally down the lane. The naked, disembodied buttocks 
appeared to erupt magically from a shiny black cylinder that in turn rose out of 
a ground-hugging cloud of gauze. Whenever the white cloud passed over a 
cigarette butt or scrap of paper, it would stop and move quickly to center 
itself over the rubbish. There'd be a brief ruffling of taffeta - caused, Mark 
imagined, by the busy action of hidden hands - before the apparition glided off 
again in a slightly different direction. Whenever it encountered the tape line 
that marked the edge of the lane, or some other obstacle, the upturned, 
anonymous ass would back up slightly and spin about, then set off again on some 
random course.
The spectacle reminded Mark of a toy car he'd had as a boy, which would run 
blindly into walls and furniture only to back up, turn, and motor off again with 
equal enthusiasm. This programmed object was slightly more sophisticated in that 
it could also be commanded to change direction by a slap to either butt-cheek. 
As Mark watched several Expo-goers walking in the lane demonstrated this feature 
with smacks that varied from a light pat to a full-armed spank, sending the 
sweeper spinning this way and that. Not because there was any trash waiting 
wherever they directed it - in fact and thanks to the sweepers' tireless 
efforts, the lane was close to spotless - but simply because the men, like Mark 
himself, enjoyed the sight of a creamy round buttock set a-quiver by a firm 
hand.
------
Most of the exhibits at the Exposition used sight or sound to draw attention 
to their displays, but the next booth caught Mark by the nose. As he watched the 
busy sweeper scuttling zig-zag down the lane, a warm, sweet, exotic scent filled 
his nostrils, and he turned his head until he could guess from where it came. A 
few steps down the row of booths he came upon a colorful tent. Hanging curtains 
concealed whatever was within, but the odor was stronger here. As he touched the 
heavy fabric Mark noted the style was quite different from the Persian tent he'd 
visited earlier. This one was decorated with stripes instead of floral patterns, 
and the colors were deep and earthy, more masculine to Mark's eye than the bold 
pinks and purples which had surrounded the full-bodied Persian beauty who'd held 
him spellbound earlier.
Pushing aside the flap that served as the tent's door released a waft of 
flavorful smoke, confirming this was the source of the scent that had gotten 
Mark's attention. At first he could see little, as only a hint of the bright 
overhead lights of the exposition filtered through the thick canvas. Most of the 
light within came from a trio of tall candle stands, one located along each of 
the tent walls. Mark could just make out small groups of people inside, some 
standing and others sitting in small groups on the floor.
Seeing him in the entryway a tall man approached, dark, exotically dressed, 
and beckoning with a smile.
"Come in, sir, come in. You are most welcome." Curious, Mark obliged. A step 
forward placed his feet on the huge patterned rug that covered the tent's floor. 
Reaching behind him the tall exhibitor helped the tent flap to close, darkening 
the space within once more. As his pupils dilated Mark saw that several of the 
figures inside had turned to regard him, some still squinting against the 
intrusion of fluorescent light.
"What can I interest you in, Sir? We have many fine tobaccos and other smokes 
as well, all for the asking."
"Is it all right if I just look around for a moment?"
"Certainly, sir! My name is Salam. I am at your service, and my tent is 
yours. I hope you find its poor accoutrements appealing. I will attend to 
some of my other guests, and if you require a smoke or anything else just speak 
my name. I will not be far."
"Thank you very much," Mark answered, and the tall man made a little bow and 
moved off. Despite his host's hospitality Mark hesitated to intrude on one of 
the small groups, and moved instead to investigate the nearest of the candle 
stands.
As he approached he saw that it was in the form of a shapely standing woman, 
wide-hipped and narrow-waisted with full, pear-shaped breasts. The statue was 
nude except for two small panels of real silk, which veiled its lower face and 
pubic area. The curvaceous brown figure was collared and braceleted in brass 
that was darkened by age; more bands of the dark gold metal bound its waist, 
biceps, and forehead. Each of the bands was adorned with complex engravings and 
beads of colored glass, which passed for jewels in the dim light. The statue's 
nipples were represented by ornate golden disks, between which a chain was 
slung. Chains were slung also between the various bands, and many short segments 
dangled here and there, suspending a constellation of cut glass beads that 
caught and reflected the light of the candles that the statue supported. The 
candles were large, heavy cylinders, three in number: one on a plate secured 
with brass bands to the top of the figure's head, and two more in its palms 
which it held upturned at shoulder height, arms bent at the elbow.
Attracted by its bright, shiny eyes, Mark leaned closer to see what the 
statue itself was made of. Painted wood, he guessed - at life size bronze would 
have been too heavy. The eyes must be glass, they were so lifelike - they even 
blinked.
So intent was he on the artistry of whoever had created the figure that it 
took Mark a moment to understand that it was actually alive. He smiled again, 
broadly now at himself for having been fooled despite his long experience in the 
creative restraint of women. Stepping to the side to look behind the candle 
stand, and brushing aside the long dark tresses that hung behind it, he saw that 
the many bangles and bands were joined behind the shapely limbs to a framework 
of sturdy cast iron. What from the front appeared to be heavy antique ornament 
was in fact a cunning and rigid system of restraints. Looking up and down Mark 
saw that it extended from rings that encircled each of its prisoner's fingers 
all the way down to the wide, heavy stand on the floor, with bands at knee, 
ankle, and even rings around the big toes. The stand held the young woman locked 
within at tiptoe, presenting her long, sensuously curved legs and delicate feet 
to best advantage.
Stepping to the front of the figure again, Mark glanced left and right before 
briefly lifting the upper veil. The restrained girl's lips were parted by a 
hinged brank that clamped her tongue; metal arms that had been hidden by the 
veil curved back under her ears and joined the framework behind her head. He let 
the veil fall again, and saw the dark eyes had widened at his boldness in 
peeking under the veil. But the brank prevented any hint of an audible 
alarm.
Mark next walked the perimeter of the tent, inspecting the other candle 
stands. They were like the first: though each of the women bound within was 
different in face or details of figure, their overall measurements and body 
types were very similar. They seemed to have been chosen to fit the candle 
stands, rather than the latter adjusted to accommodate their occupants. 
Examining the third stand closely Mark guessed that his initial judgement had 
been correct, and that the patina of age that darkened the brass was authentic. 
He wondered how old these antiques might be, and how many young women had felt 
their grip over the many years since unknown masters had crafted them.
Impressed with the quality of Salam's exhibit Mark turned to see what held 
the attention of the several small groups that huddled here and there in the 
interior of the dim tent. Nearest him were a pair of gentlemen who stood with a 
female figure between them. One of the men nodded to Mark as he approached, and 
offered the brass tipped end of a slim hose. Mark replied with a smile and shake 
of the head: "No, thank you."
The other end of the hose was connected to a large bottle-like object that 
the nude female held before her. The bottle was fashioned from many pieces of 
colored glass, all bound with brass and studded here and there with semiprecious 
stones. The wide round belly of the bottle rested against the girl's tummy, 
hiding her privates in shadow while her hands supported it from beneath, as a 
very pregnant woman might cradle her heavy womb.
The upper part of the bottle tapered to a cone that disappeared into the 
bottom of the girl's cleavage. Her large breasts were clamped by a sculpted 
brass device that functioned like a shelf bra, leaving her puffy brown nipples 
exposed while pushing the twin latte colored mounds upwards and together, 
trapping the neck of the bottle between them. From her cleavage the bottle's 
stopper emerged, in the form of a flower fashioned of ancient pewter. At its 
center was a little bowl, the size of a tablespoon perhaps, where a lump of 
brown tobacco smoldered.
While Mark watched the man who had offered to share a smoke raised the nozzle 
to his own lips and took a long drag. Water bubbled within the bottle as the 
burning weed glowed orange. When the bubbling stopped, streams of fresh smoke 
rose from the flower-bowl to curl about the beautiful face of she who held the 
houka in her hands. More than a mere caddy, the girl was virtually part of the 
elaborate water pipe. Beneath her tiptoed feet another heavy-legged metal stand 
was visible, and Mark could see that as with the prisoners of the candle stands 
this beauty was bound to her task by many bands of age-stained metal that 
encircled every limb.
Her exotic, un-veiled face intrigued him. Between gaudy multi-tiered 
earrings, under dark lined eyes and painted cheeks, her burgundy lips were drawn 
into a&nbsp;wide, mysterious smile. The lower lip was pierced in the center and 
adorned with a golden ring; more gold glinted at the corners of her mouth.
"Do you mind?" Mark asked the men, pointing to her lips. They indicated that 
they did not, and carefully Mark slipped two fingers between the soft lips, then 
peeled them back. The glint of gold confirmed his suspicions: the girl's jaws 
were clamped shut from within by a hidden device, the presence of which was 
revealed by the golden bands that gripped several of her bright white teeth. 
Blunt-ended hooks of golden wire curled around her back teeth and out to the 
corners of her mouth, where they pulled her lips back into their fixed grin.
Withdrawing his fingers Mark marveled at the cunning work, and its effects. 
The beautiful, bejewelled houka-girl smiled back at him, while fluttering her 
long dark lashes against the pungent smoke that must have stung her eyes.
Thanking the two smokers, who graciously excused his interruption, Mark moved 
on to where several figures sat in conversation, sitting crosslegged on plump 
tasseled cushions. The centerpiece of this little group was another, very 
different houka-girl. As shapely and attractive as the last, this one knelt back 
on her heels with knees spread wide and head tipped fully back so that she 
stared up at the apex of the tent. Her hands were held at shoulder height with 
elbows bent and fingers spread; between thumb and forefinger she pinched the 
mouthpieces of two houka-hoses. These snaked up from the front of a wide brass 
cylinder that projected from the stand on which she knelt and passed up between 
her lower lips. Her mound had been shaved, affording a clear view of the 
penetration.
One of the guests who sat beside her, absorbed in conversation with a 
companion, reached out and took one of the mouthpieces from the houka-girl's 
grasp. When he raised it to his lips there was a muffled bubbling sound; this 
time the orange glow appeared in the girl's upturned, wide-open mouth. Taking a 
step closer Mark could see the bowl of the pipe between her gaping red lips, 
held there by curved bars that wrapped around her cheeks and disappeared beneath 
her long, dark hair. The impression created by this installation was very 
striking: from the front it looked like the smoke was passing right through this 
beautiful girl, from top to bottom, then out through the hoses.
But Mark was the inquisitive sort. He needed to know how things worked and 
seldom accepted such impossibilities at face value, no matter how aesthetic. At 
a magic show he would be the one watching from as far to the side as possible, 
trying to see behind the curtain and learn the secret of the trick. Now he 
walked quietly around the chatty little group and behind the kneeling girl, 
where he saw that at the nape of her neck the curved bars that held the 
pipe-bowl-gag joined a heavier vertical member that descended behind her back to 
the floor. This bar formed the trunk of the restraint system, with branches here 
and there reaching out to the various bracelets and cuffs that enforced the 
houka-girl's position. It looked sturdy and massive but Mark guessed that this 
dorsal bar, and the thinner curved bars that held the girl's head back and the 
pipe bowl in her mouth, were really hollow. Smoke from the bowl departed not 
down her throat, but out through these tubes and down, drawn eventually between 
her round butt cheeks and into the wide brass dildo from the rear. The dildo 
must be the water chamber, Mark thought, recalling the muffled bubbling sound. 
Most of it was hidden inside her but he wondered how voluminous the metal 
penetrator must be, in order to fulfill its smoke-cooling function effectively, 
and how long must have been the training necessary for the girl to accommodate 
it.
Mark stared down in contemplation for some moments, into the wide, dark eyes 
of the rigidly fixed houka-girl. She gazed back at him now, her face appearing 
upside down as he stood behind her and wisps of smoke curled from her gaping 
mouth. Then Salam appeared again at his elbow.
"Enjoying yourself, sir? Is there anything I can do for you? I see you 
appreciate our lovely antiques and objects d'art. All of the pieces you 
see are available for purchase, and our skilled artisans also do custom work in 
this style if you would like them to create a unique piece just for you. We can 
supply either all of the components or only the metalwork, as you prefer."
"Thank you," Mark demurred, "they are beautiful and really remarkable in 
execution. Thank you for allowing me to browse. But I'm afraid I don't have the 
space..."
"Not all our offerings are so large as these showpieces," Salam interrupted. 
"Perhaps a more delicate and portable example, like this - you, come here!"
He beckoned to the shadows and Mark saw a figure rise from its knees and 
advance slowly into the light. It was another pretty young woman of classically 
feminine form, her light brown skin mostly bare. Her privates were hidden by a 
wisp of fine silk that hung from a chain about her waist; her naturally full 
breasts were poorly concealed by a bikini-like garment of translucent silk and 
fine golden chains, through which her dark, pointed nipples showed clearly. Her 
bare feet were chain-hobbled, with dark-painted toenails and bells at the ankles 
that tinkled with every tiny step.
Like the other houka-girls she was braceleted and bangled with many bands of 
decorated metal, but there was a fluidity in her movement that revealed these 
were, for the most part, truly ornamental and not disguised restraints. Except 
for the bracelets at her wrists: these were joined by shiny chains to bands that 
circled her upper thighs, compelling the girl to keep her hands at her 
sides.
The most striking element of the girl's ensemble was a ponderous and 
intricate headpiece, in the shape of a foot high cobra. It was a water pipe, of 
metal-bound glass like the others, bound above the girl's forehead by a set of 
bejewelled and delicately engraved bands that passed over and around her 
raven-tressed head. A small pipe bowl projected from the base of the houka, 
above her brow. From the snake's head a pair of shiny silver&nbsp;tubes emerged, 
tracing the fringe of the cobra's hood as they arced downwards. From the base of 
the water pipe the tubes continued, following two of the headbands to points 
just above the girl's ringed ears, then curved forward along her cheeks before 
turning upwards to enter her nostrils. Golden studs through either side of the 
exotic beauty's nose held the tubes in place.
When she reached them Salam produced a small pouch and, reaching up, placed a 
lump of tobacco in the pipe bowl above the girl's forehead. Striking a wooden 
match and holding it above the bowl, he smiled at Mark and motioned to her 
mouth. "Please."
After a moment of doubt Mark understood, and lowered his face to the 
houka-girl's. She parted her full red lips as Salam set the flame to the pipe 
bowl, and putting one hand on a soft, silk-wrapped breast and the other behind 
her head Mark covered her mouth with his in a tight, open-mouthed kiss.
Deeply he inhaled, tasting the sweet, cool smoke that bubbled through the 
houka-bottle, down the snaking tubes and through the girl's head. When his lungs 
were full he held the embrace, exploring for a while inside her mouth with his 
tongue while the tobacco delivered its brief but powerful rush to his brain.
Finally he withdrew, his hands holding the houka-girl close while he watched 
wisps of smoke curl out of her still open mouth. Her wide dark eyes, which had 
shut tight during their smoky kiss, fluttered open now and looked up at him with 
an expression of demure innocence. After a long moment, and softly, he exhaled 
the rich smoke back toward her face.
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
  
&nbsp;









----------------------------
The Exposition of Modified Women, 
Part 6 - People-Watching
by Benfan
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
Leaving Salam's tent Mark found the brief smoke had left 
him a&nbsp;bit dry in the mouth.&nbsp; He thought about ducking back under the 
tent flap to take advantage of its hospitality but just then saw a vendette 
moving towards him.
           
             
       
             
            
              
            
      Identified in the 
bustling crowd by a red headband&nbsp;with a bottle icon&nbsp;at her 
forehead, the auburn-haired vendette&nbsp;tiptoed&nbsp;down the lane in black ballet boots.&nbsp; A&nbsp;deep tray filled with bottles 
and cans hung from&nbsp;the wide leather belt that pinched her waist.&nbsp; 
The tray was prevented from tipping forward and spilling its contents by a 
pair of shiny steel chains that linked its front corners to stout rings through 
the vendette's nipples.
           
             
       
             
            
              
      The weight of the ice-filled tray 
pulled her&nbsp;D-cup&nbsp;tits out and down&nbsp;into pointed cones.&nbsp; No doubt 
she would have preferred to use her hands to bear 
this burden but these were bound behind her back, pulled up high between her shoulder 
blades by a short chain linked to her rigid black posture 
collar.&nbsp; The arm&nbsp;restriction forced the vendette to swivel her hips as she walked, 
which in turn made the tray swing back and forth and tug at her 
stretched pink buds.
                  
              
           
               
             
            
             
  Mark beckoned and the vendette adjusted her course to meet him.&nbsp; Looking down 
into her tray he saw a variety of soft drinks, bottled water, and 
iced coffee.&nbsp; Not exactly what he craved.&nbsp; Groping between her elongated 
knockers he found&nbsp;one last&nbsp;bottle of beer in the back of the tray.&nbsp; The 
vendette flinched slightly as he drew it out, and the frozen&nbsp;metal cap scraped along 
her angular cleavage.
                  
              
           
               
          The                  
              
           
               
          bottle was dripping 
from its icy bath, so Mark wiped it on the wavy auburn 
tresses that descended behind the female's back and hid her bound hands.&nbsp; Then 
he raised it to her lips, where a bottle opener was built into the prod-gag 
that filled her mouth.&nbsp; Her red curls bounced as the cap popped free 
and fell neatly into the hollow gag, and with a pat 
on her bottom Mark sent the vendette on her way again.&nbsp; As she 
departed&nbsp;a small bucket of empty recycleables that hung from her arm-bondage bounced tinnily against 
her wobbling butt.
 Besides the exhibit booths there were&nbsp;plenty 
of&nbsp;sights to see out in the lanes and alleys of the Expo.&nbsp; Many attendees brought 
their modified slaves with them to the show, and were as much interested in 
parading them about as in exploring the "official" displays.&nbsp; Mark stood at 
the edge of the thoroughfare for a while, sipping his drink and just watching 
people go by.
          
             
             
            
             
              
              
             
             
             
            
             
             
              
    He saw a casually dressed young man swaggering down 
the lane, trailed by a fancy blonde bimbo-doll all done up 
in frilly lingerie.&nbsp; Hair piled high in a mass of golden curls bedecked 
with pink ribbons, she tottered unsteadily on pink ballet pumps as she 
tried to keep up with her master.&nbsp; Her&nbsp;figure&nbsp;was hourglassed&nbsp;by a tight bodyshaper&nbsp;in antique 
white satin&nbsp;that extended from just above the knee all the way up&nbsp;her back, 
drawing her shoulders together and&nbsp;forcing her round boobs forward.&nbsp; The upper front of the heavily boned 
garment was cut away and edged in ruffles of taffeta, framing her fair-skinned&nbsp;chest 
in dreamy gauze.&nbsp; The twin spheres of her phony spherical tits -&nbsp;F cups at 
least, Mark judged - were pushed upwards by&nbsp;demi-cups built into the&nbsp;corset, which 
allowed the tops of her rosy nipples to peek out.
          
             
             
            
             
              
              
             
             
             
            
             
             
              
             
           
             
            
             
      The lower part of the bodyshaper hugged 
the girl's thighs, partially hobbling her;&nbsp;this lower extension of the reinforced satin&nbsp;sheath was&nbsp;adorned with tiers of 
fluffy gauze that made her trim figure look bottom-heavy.&nbsp; Her smooth, white asscheeks 
poked out through a heart-shaped cutaway in her corset that&nbsp;was&nbsp;edged in taffeta, like the 
breast-window.&nbsp; A two inch wide pink collar, edged with stiff white&nbsp;frills, encouraged 
the blonde to keep her face forward and chin up.
          
             
             
              
             
           
             
            
             
                     
             
             
              
             
           
             
            
             
             
                
             
             
              
             
           
             
            
             
                     
             
             
              
             
           
             
            
             
             
        
           
           
          
              
             
          
               
             
             
              
             
           
             
            
             
                     
             
             
              
             
           
             
            
             
             
       Her&nbsp;bare white&nbsp;arms were unbound,&nbsp;but dangled from her shoulders as 
though lifeless.&nbsp; The girl's hands,&nbsp;rendered fingerless by frilly, padded&nbsp;mittens, bounced ungoverned against her 
flaring hips as she moved unsteadily forward on the towering heels.&nbsp; Below bright blue 
eyes&nbsp;and button nose&nbsp;her plump, pink-glossed lips were spread wide by a ring 
gag&nbsp;held in place by a pink strap across her cheeks.
          
             
             
              
             
           
             
            
             
                     
             
             
              
             
           
             
            
             
             
                
             
             
              
             
           
             
            
             
                     
             
             
              
             
           
             
            
             
             
        
           
           
          
              
             
          
               
             
             
              
             
           
             
            
             
                     
             
             
              
             
           
             
            
             
             
          The gag and&nbsp;the uselessness of her 
hands left the blushing blonde helpless to control her drool, which trailed downwards 
from her lower lip in a thick gooey string.&nbsp; But her master had thoughtfully 
propped a plastic cup in his lacy&nbsp;doll's cleavage to catch the dribble, 
and spare her the embarrassment of mussing her fancy lingerie.
          
             
             
              
             
           
             
            
             
                     
             
             
              
             
           
             
            
             
             
                
             
             
              
             
           
             
            
             
                     
             
             
              
             
           
             
            
             
             
        
           
           
          
              
             
          
               
             
             
              
             
           
             
            
             
                     
             
             
              
             
           
             
            
             
             
                
             
      The blushing blonde projected a delightful impression of&nbsp;unfettered 
helplessness, and Mark wondered if the girl's arms had been numbed for 
her trip to&nbsp;the Expo or if they were permanently paralyzed.
       
              
   Heading in       
       the opposite direction a goateed, leather-clad male 
walked       
       beside a unique 
slave whose figure were remarkable, even for the Expo.&nbsp; Her legs 
were&nbsp;encased in&nbsp;stiff&nbsp;black thigh-high&nbsp;boots, with needle-pointed toes and no heels at 
all.&nbsp; This impossible footwear forced the female to bend forward at the 
waist and lean on her arms, which were sheathed 
in leather sleeves that held her elbows locked straight.&nbsp;&nbsp;Her big 
brown eyes looked down past her plug-gag toward the floor, avoiding the stares of the 
many passersby who gawked at her unnatural proportions.&nbsp; A brown ponytail sprang 
from the back of her head and dangled to one side of her 
neck.&nbsp; The girl's hands grasped the rim of a large, low-walled&nbsp;tub that rolled 
on a quartet of swiveling wheels, which bore&nbsp;the weight of&nbsp;her elephantine tits.
        
            
             
          
         
            
  From their roots&nbsp;at&nbsp;her chest they flared rapidly outwards, mountains of 
milk-white flesh that filled the three foot wide tub to overflowing and bulged out against 
the girl's braced arms.&nbsp;&nbsp;As the wheels of the cart skittered across uneven spots in 
the pavement the twin mounds&nbsp;rippled and shimmied.&nbsp; Her nipples, which if proportional would have been the 
size of pie plates, were hidden&nbsp;in the bottom of the tub.
        
            
             
          
         
            
  Making        
            
             
          
         
            
  a guess at their volume Mark figured that 
each humongous, blue-veined&nbsp;boob must weigh well over a hundred pounds.&nbsp; Since the rest 
of the girl's body was normally proportioned, even bordering on 
petite,&nbsp;that meant that&nbsp;over two thirds of&nbsp;her body weight was 
tit-meat.&nbsp; Nevermind the heel-less boots: even        
            
             
          
         
            
 in a pair of sturdy hikers and supported by a steel 
bra it&nbsp;was unlikely&nbsp;she&nbsp;could have stood upright, since to straighten her back would have required a 
dead lift of perhaps three hundred pounds.&nbsp; Without the aid of the wheeled tub 
the unfortunate female would have had to drag her soft burdens along the ground or, more 
likely, be confined by their sheer mass to her master's bed.
           
             
           
         
               
             
             
    Mark was imagining what she'd look like, on her back with the pale mounds 
sprawled to either side, when his attention was caught by colorful flags fluttering 
down the lane.
           
             
           
         
               
             
      The flags sprang from the head harness of a walking 
female billboard.&nbsp; This bald slave's&nbsp;gloved wrists were linked to 
rings at the sides of her wide leather collar, her elbows cuffed to a bar behind 
her shoulders that held&nbsp;her bent arms up and out.&nbsp;           
             
           
         
               
             
      Rings at the front of the elbow 
cuffs were linked to&nbsp;D-rings pierced vertically through&nbsp;her nipples, stretching her big tits to either side and turning her 
cleavage into a broad canvas of fair, unblemished skin.&nbsp; Here was written in 
bold black letters:
Welcome to the 
Expo!              
             
  
              
           and below 
it, much smaller:
This space for rent.              
             
  
 A J-shaped tube emerged downwards from her bottom, then 
curved to ascend between her round asscheeks and behind her back until it met a 
bracket that&nbsp;sprang from the rear of her head harness.&nbsp;&nbsp;This arrangement pulled her 
spine into an arch, ensuring that her breast-message was clearly displayed.&nbsp; Behind the female's back a&nbsp;bulletin board was mounted to the 
tube.&nbsp; Mark stepped in front of the ballgagged billboard, stopping her, and motioned 
for her to pivot on her high-heeled pumps so that he could read 
the posted messages.
         
              
             
            
             
               There 
were notes from one Expo-goer to another, suggesting times and places to meet.&nbsp; There 
 was a note about a lost oral appliance, 
which had been custom made and would hopefully be found and returned.&nbsp; And there was a schedule of Expo events.&nbsp; Scrolling 
his eyes across it Mark noted the times of several demonstrations he'd like 
to catch: one by the binders at the House of Chan, another at 
the Piercing Pavilion.
         
              
             
            
             
                
          At one&nbsp;corner of&nbsp;the schedule&nbsp;his 
 eyes&nbsp;were drawn to&nbsp;the name of a well-known Japanese 
film star - it was unusual to see females identified by name at the Expo.&nbsp; The item stated that&nbsp;she would be 
performing&nbsp;throughout the Expo before a live audience&nbsp;while making her first and - somewhat 
ominously - last S&amp;M film.&nbsp; Curious,&nbsp;Mark made a note to make sure he 
checked that out.
               
             
             
          
           
            At last he found 
the item in which he was&nbsp;most interested: the Pony Parade.&nbsp; At past Expos, 
which had often been held outdoors,&nbsp;there had usually been a race.&nbsp; But from what he'd heard 
space limitations at this venue&nbsp;had necessitated a speed limit for the various girl-powered 
carts and conveyances.
               
             
             
          
       The parade was a 
daily event; the first was coming up in&nbsp;a couple of&nbsp;hours. Mark liked to arrive at the 
paddock early to watch the harnessing and other preparations, so he decided to 
start moving in that direction.&nbsp; But first he needed to&nbsp;relieve the growing pressure in his bladder, 
which was fed by the bourbons and coffee and, most recently, beer in 
which he'd indulged.
The film production company that had assembled the Expo in this previously abandoned industrial space had 
brought in portable toilets, but Mark preferred the more unique options 
he knew would be available in certain of the exhibit booths.&nbsp; Looking down an alley he spotted the whimsically limned sign of an exhibitor he 
knew from previous events.&nbsp; In silver letters formed from leaky pipes and valves 
it spelled out:
Pipe Dreams.              
             
  
         Finishing his 
beer Mark looked for a proper place to dispose of the empty 
bottle.&nbsp; The vendette was nowhere in sight but the&nbsp;upturned ass of 
the sweeper was scuttling toward him again.&nbsp; Another visitor had already&nbsp;made use&nbsp;of her shaved 
pussy to&nbsp;deposit&nbsp;one empty, but Mark knew she had room for at least one more.&nbsp; He stopped 
the&nbsp;sweeper&nbsp;with a touch to her forward-facing tailbone, 
and licked the rim of his beer bottle for lubrication before pushing its long neck&nbsp;firmly 
into her tight brown asshole.              
             
  
 Sending the&nbsp;busy and now well-filled&nbsp;cleaner on&nbsp;her random path again with a 
smack of his hand, Mark turned and headed for the plumber's shop. 
              
             
                 
             
  [...]
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
  
&nbsp;






EMW07PipeDreams


------------------------------------
&nbsp;
The Exposition of Modified Women, 
Part 7 - Pipe Dreams
by 
Benfan 
[Note - some graphic watersports 
toward the end of this chapter.&nbsp; Skip the last few paragraphs if reluctant 
pee-play is not to your....taste.&nbsp; ;) BF]              
              
   
        
              
   &nbsp;
&nbsp;
Mark had recognized the "Pipe Dreams" sign 
immediately as announcing the exhibit of a fellow named Gordon, a well-known 
Society character and its most experienced and respected plumber.&nbsp;&nbsp;As 
a personal friend&nbsp;Mark knew that Gordon&nbsp;came to the 
Expo not to&nbsp;hawk his wares, but simply to show off his talent and 
imagination, and join in the celebration of erotic modification.&nbsp; Of course 
he could afford the luxury of forsaking salesmanship, since his reputation was 
already established&nbsp;and his creations highly sought by&nbsp;wealthy men and 
potentates from Tokyo to Tripoli.              
             
         
           
              
          
          
          
 
 The Pipe Dreams exhibit was larger than average, the booth 
assembled of&nbsp;solid&nbsp;partitions with a floor 
of&nbsp;black-and-white patterned vinyl that simulated ceramic tile.&nbsp; Front 
and center in this space was a famous example of Gordon's skill and creativity: 
his prize-winning Mermaid Shower.         
          
           
               
              
               
            
           
          
           
               
              
               
            
           
          
           
               
              
               
            
            
                
            
 The mermaid was a spectacular, suntanned 
blonde fixed in an upright position, her eyes gazing down from&nbsp;two 
feet above the&nbsp;visitors entering the booth.&nbsp; She was a tall girl, but 
her height was exaggerated by a stylized pedestal of&nbsp;verdegris copper&nbsp;that encased her legs 
from the hip down.&nbsp; With a surface&nbsp;that mimicked&nbsp;scales and 
studded here and there with beads that caught the light like glimmering drops of 
water, the heavy pedestal concealed the blonde beauty's feet as it 
transformed&nbsp;her lower limbs into a single&nbsp;fishy tail.&nbsp; At its 
base the&nbsp;tapered column&nbsp;curved forward into a pair of broad, vaned 
flukes, which spread across the floor and curled up at the edges forming a 
non-slip shower pan.         
          
           
               
              
               
            
            
                
                       
          
           
               
              
               
            
            
                
                           
          
           
               
              
               
            
            
                
                      
          
          
           
               
              
               
            
            
                
                    
            
        
             
             
          
          
           
                   
          
           
               
              
               
            
            
                
            
From waist up the mermaid was naked, her full, natural-looking 
breasts on proud display.&nbsp; Her arms were extended 
out and forward, the hands appearing to support a large chrome 
ring&nbsp;from which&nbsp;a transparent plastic curtain hung.&nbsp;&nbsp; But Mark had enjoed the pleasure 
of examining this installation closely during a visit to 
Gordon's home a few years ago, when a statuesque redhead had&nbsp;been 
cast as the&nbsp;water-nymph; he knew that the circular 
curtain rod was actually carried by a stainless steel armature hidden behind the 
mermaid's back.&nbsp; The cuffs that joined the girl's wrists and elbows to the 
bright ring functioned&nbsp;not as supports for the shower curtain, but as 
restraints.&nbsp; From the same inspection he knew that the shower head that 
projected between the blonde's red lips was not fed by a&nbsp;pipe run somehow 
through her body, but from up behind her back and through the&nbsp;chrome-plated 
"straps" across her cheeks that held the fixture in place.         
          
           
               
              
               
            
            
                
                      
          
           
               
              
               
            
            
                
                      
             
            
          
         
          
           
            
           
             
                 
             
          
          
           
               
              
               
            
            
                
            
 The upper edge of the green copper pedestal/tail was 
curved, rising high at the sides to capture the blonde's flaring hips 
but dipping low in the middle, below her belly button.&nbsp; There, below the 
girl's rippling tanned abs, her pubic bulge was hidden by a shiny silver plate in 
the shape of a scallop shell.&nbsp; From the base of this&nbsp;escutcheon a 
chrome handle projected, which could be turned right or left&nbsp;to point toward 
the letters "H" or "C"&nbsp;stamped into the polished metal.&nbsp; This was 
obviously the control valve for the shower, but&nbsp;the device included one feature 
that was hidden from all but the mermaid herself: a pair of cylindrical 
steel chambers filled with hard plastic balls, through which the flowing water 
circulated when the shower was in use.&nbsp; These cylinders rose vertically inches 
behind the scallop-shell,&nbsp;penetrating deep inside the mermaid's pussy and 
ass.&nbsp; When water flowed through them the balls knocked and rattled against 
the inside of the cylinders, creating a powerful vibration.         
          
           
               
              
               
            
            
                
                      
          
           
               
              
               
            
            
                
                            
          
           
               
              
               
            
            
                
                      
          
           
               
              
               
            
            
                
                     
               
           
               
          
               
         
            
             
             
          
             
            
         
          
           
               
              
               
            
            
                
            
Mark recalled the long, steamy showers he'd enjoyed during 
that visit to Gordon's, how by the time he'd gotten himself well lathered the 
redhead had moaned and squirmed in her bonds while her pale tummy flushed 
pink from the heat.         
          
           
               
              
               
            
            
                
                      
          
           
               
              
               
            
            
                
                            
          
           
               
              
               
            
            
                
                      
          
           
               
              
               
            
            
                
                     
               
           
               
          
               
         
            
             
             
          
             
            
         
          
           
               
              
               
            
            
                
            
To one side of the&nbsp;Mermaid 
Shower&nbsp;Mark saw a handful of men standing in line, and could guess what 
they were waiting for.&nbsp; Taking his place he looked past those&nbsp;who'd 
queued up before&nbsp;him, into a little three-sided booth at the very back of 
the exhibit space.&nbsp; There he saw Gordon himself tending to one of his 
installations.&nbsp;       
      The plumber was short and lean, dressed like 
the tradesman he was in well-worn blue jeans and a green 
cotton shirt.&nbsp; His close-cropped hair&nbsp;was mostly white now, but his arms&nbsp;were still 
hard and wiry, his eyes and voice bright as ever.         
          
           
               
              
               
            
            
                
                      
          
           
               
              
               
            
            
                
                            
          
           
               
              
               
            
            
                
                      
          
           
               
              
               
            
            
                
                     
               
           
               
          
               
         
            
             
             
          
             
            
         
          
           
               
              
               
            
            
                
            
"Come on now, honey, your time's up," 
he was saying.&nbsp; "Time to let somebody else have their turn."&nbsp; He bent 
over, helping a naked girl disentangle herself from one of his complicated 
installations.&nbsp; Gordon was unusual among Society members in that he 
generally worked with consensual submissives, though this particular subject 
looked like she might be regretting her agreement to model for him.                    
            
           
            
          
           
  She rose from her low seat 
with face contorted in an open-mouthed&nbsp;grimace,&nbsp;eyes blinking behind a pair 
of swimmer's goggles.&nbsp; Dripping wet from her tanned cleavage 
to the&nbsp;streaked blonde&nbsp;hair that was pulled back severely from her face, the 
girl emitted a high-pitched whine interrupted by&nbsp;shallow coughs and 
gasps.&nbsp; She raised one hand weakly to allow Gordon to help her up; the 
other cradled her swollen belly.&nbsp; The petite blonde looked about four 
months pregnant - though Mark knew the real cause of her bloating was likely 
quite different.&nbsp; As she staggered away from her station Gordon aided 
her&nbsp;with gloved hands,&nbsp;while trying to keep her soaked body from 
touching his clothes.&nbsp;&nbsp;A pair of foot-long tubes dangled between her 
legs.                        
            
             
            
               
             
             
             
               
    
     
               
    "Sorry gentlemen," Gordon called out to the guests standing 
in line, "but this little one's taken all she can and I've got to do 
a shift change.&nbsp; It won't be long -&nbsp;her replacement will be ready to 
go in about ten minutes."        
                 
             
             
              
              
               
            
              
     
     
               
             
         The plumber turned again to the 
sputtering, shivering girl, who tried to lean on him for support while he 
supported her at arms length.        
                 
             
             
              
              
               
            
              
     
"There, there; that's all&nbsp;for 
now.&nbsp; Let's get you drained and cleaned up and then you get to rest 'til 
next shift."&nbsp; Gordon picked up a black plastic bin filled with wet, 
unidentifiable gadgets, and together they disappeared behind a 
partition.        
                 
             
             
              
              
               
            
              
     
The wiry old plumber must have left the girl to 
attend her own needs, or else had an assistant behind the scenes, because very shortly 
he emerged again leading a different girl by the hand.&nbsp; This one 
was&nbsp;fair and shiny-clean, with a trim, graceful figure and a&nbsp;face 
of angular beauty framed by wavy dark hair down to 
her shoulders.&nbsp; As Gordon led her by the hand she smiled out at the men 
watching her entrance with pride in her eyes, as though she were the star of the 
event and pleased to show off her flawless nude form.                     
               
             
            
               
               
"This is Alexis," Gordon&nbsp;said to 
the little crowd.&nbsp; "She's a new girl and very excited to be making her 
first trip to the Expo.&nbsp; I hope you&nbsp;fellows are ready to give her a 
proper welcome!&nbsp; Here we go, honey, let's not waste any time getting you 
rigged up.&nbsp; All these men are waiting on you."       
               
            
             
       
His hands were bare now and he carried another plastic 
bin, like the first but white in color&nbsp;and likewise filled with an 
assortment of items.&nbsp; In a moment he'd clamped around his volunteer's graceful neck&nbsp;the 
two halves of a high posture&nbsp;collar, made of white latex 
reinforced with rigid plastic and&nbsp;featuring an unusual raised flange that circled it 
about halfway up.&nbsp;&nbsp;Then he fitted under the willowy beauty's firm, C-cup 
tits a sling of white latex, like a swooping,&nbsp;parabolic shelf bra.&nbsp; 
 Alexis squealed theatrically as the plumber 
suddenly tightened the "bra's" straps behind her shoulders, drawing her twin 
mounds together high on her chest.&nbsp; A raised rim&nbsp;of shiny latex 
curved continuously now&nbsp;from the girl's collarbones down and under her 
raised breasts.&nbsp; A&nbsp;thin black hose dangled from the underside of the 
strange bra, below her breastbone.                                           
                   
       
              
             
          
            
             
           
             
   
       
    Mark was tapping his foot now, but Gordon was 
working quickly and he decided he could wait to see the rest of the 
installation.              
                   
       
              
             
          
            
             
           
             
   
"Turn around now, dear.&nbsp; 
Hands on your knees."&nbsp; Alexis turned as ordered&nbsp;and in a 
moment&nbsp;her clean-shaven pussy peeked out between her pale asscheeks.&nbsp; 
From the bin Gordon produced a plastic nozzle as thick as&nbsp;his finger, which 
he connected to a short ribbed hose before coating&nbsp;with lubricating 
jelly.&nbsp; Without a pause the plumber slipped&nbsp;the straight 
nozzle&nbsp;quickly up the lean brunette's bottom and gave its base&nbsp;a quick 
twist.&nbsp; From his familiarity with Gordon's work Mark new the twist had 
caused the inner end of the nozzle to expand, securing it in place.&nbsp; Alexis 
cooed at the penetration and ahhed     
          
           
            
          
         
           
              
            
   with the dilation, hamming it up for her 
audience.          
        
        
        
         
          
             
           
              
            
            
"That's a good girl.&nbsp; Now the 
tricky one."&nbsp; With practiced speed Gordon lubed a smaller, almost 
needle-sized nozzle.&nbsp; His stubby fingers spread his exhibit's pink nether 
lips and located the urethra, and with a slower, more gentle motion slipped the 
tiny tube into it.&nbsp;&nbsp;Despite his care this brought a squeak of real 
discomfort from Alexis' lips, which&nbsp;the plumber ignored while he 
squeezed&nbsp;a bulb at the nozzle's base that secured it in 
place.        
          
              
          
        
          
             
          
             
           
               
            
 
  "OK, honey,&nbsp;turn around 
and take your seat."&nbsp; The tubes swung between Alexis' legs as she 
pivoted to face the men again, her smile dimmed just a little.&nbsp; Holding 
her hand Gordon guided her to squat over a strange white contraption: a 
low, sculpted lump of white porcelain or fiberglass with a curved chrome bar 
rising behind it.&nbsp; As the lean brunette lowered her body the plumber guided the 
tubes that dangled from her into a slot in the&nbsp;"seat," until at last&nbsp;her crotch 
rested upon it, her knees touched the faux-tile floor&nbsp;and she 
sat back with&nbsp;heels nearly touching her bottom.&nbsp; A gentle push on her tailbone 
reminded the girl to slide forward a few inches,&nbsp;where a wide bulge 
at&nbsp;the saddle's front&nbsp;forced her thighs well apart.        
          
           
          
            
          
      
             
            
              
         
          
        
          
             
          
             
           
               
            
 
Quickly the plumber passed two inch wide 
straps of thick white latex over the tops of the girl's thighs, which pressed 
into her flesh as they fixed&nbsp;her in place on the ground-level perch.&nbsp; 
Then he knelt and reached under the seat from the back, fitting the girl's 
waste tubes to connections hidden within the saddle.&nbsp; Next he joined the 
black hose that dangled from her "bra" to a fitting on top of the white bulge atop 
the saddle, between her thighs.&nbsp; Satisfied with these connections, he 
pushed gently on Alexis' forehead and she leaned back against the curved chrome 
support behind her.          
            
               
            
              
                
                 
                       
            
               
            
              
                
                       
            
               
            
              
                
               
              
            
              
              
      
 When Gordon took Alexis' hand 
again she looked up at&nbsp;him quickly, with a&nbsp;look of nervous&nbsp;doubt in her eye.&nbsp; But 
he did not&nbsp;seem to notice&nbsp;and she allowed him to draw&nbsp;her white 
arm&nbsp;behind her, where a steel cuff on her wrist was snapped to a link on 
her seat, just above her heel.&nbsp; After securing the other wrist in the same 
fashion Gordon turned again to the white box of gadgets.&nbsp; Her smile gone 
now, the restrained brunette avoided eye contact with Gordon's guests and stared 
into space high above them.          
            
               
            
              
                
                  
            
               
            
              
                
                    
            
               
            
              
                
                   
          
            
               
            
              
                
                       
            
               
            
              
                
               
              
            
              
              
      
The next item the old plumber drew 
from the bin was a strangely curved, roundish shape in white plastic, like a 
warped donut.&nbsp; The central hole was just barely large enough to fit over 
Alexis' head, and flattened her nose for a moment as the wiry 
tradesman&nbsp;slipped it down&nbsp;to encircle&nbsp;her neck.&nbsp; The inner 
rim&nbsp;was mated to the flange around her posture collar, by several 
screw-down connections that Gordon was careful to tighten for a proper 
seal.&nbsp; The white form was vaguely bowl-shaped, the rim rising high behind 
the girl's pretty face but dipping lower where it passed her ears, until finally 
turning downwards into a spout that pointed toward her cleavage.&nbsp; At first 
Mark thought of it as a futuristic Elizabethan collar, but then a better image 
sprang to mind: the collared and cowled Alexis looked quite like a giant plastic 
lily, her&nbsp;head&nbsp;a dark-topped stamen surrounded by gracefully cupped white 
petals.          
             
            
               
            
              
                
               
              
            
              
              
      
  When Gordon held 
a pair of&nbsp;rubber wedges&nbsp;in front of Alexis' face&nbsp;she looked 
into his eyes again, and her expression&nbsp;made clear&nbsp;that she was having second thoughts 
about all this.&nbsp; But the plumber had guests waiting - he didn't waste any 
time reassuring the girl but simply raised his brows and touched the first 
rubber wedge to her lips.          
            
             
             
                      
            
             
             
                      
            
             
             
                        
            
             
             
              
              
             
               
          

Rolling her 
eyes&nbsp;back&nbsp;to the ceiling 
the brunette reluctantly gaped, and Gordon quickly fitted the two wedges between 
her molars.&nbsp; Regardless of her doubts, Alexis' jaws were propped wide 
apart.&nbsp; Her chin and the back of her head pressed firmly now into the padded 
top of her posture collar, so that her face was fixed in position 
looking up and forward from the center of the white plastic 
bowl.&nbsp;&nbsp;Reaching behind her the plumber adjusted the chrome support so 
that it pressed up between her shoulders, taking up the slack in her arm bondage 
and forcing her spine into a slight arch.&nbsp; The fair-skinned girl's breaths 
came more quickly now, and shallow.          
            
               
          
            
                 
            
             
             
              
              
             
               
          

      
      
               
             
              
             
              
  "A little precaution against&nbsp;any 
nasty infections..."&nbsp; The plumber fitted a pair of rubber-rimmed 
swimmer's goggles, like those the previous occupant of this exhibit had 
worn,&nbsp;over his volunteer's brown eyes.&nbsp; Then, reaching one last time into the bin, 
he drew out two small items.&nbsp; The first&nbsp;was a small plastic basket, 
which he placed deep in Alexis' gaping mouth so that it&nbsp;rested upon 
the jaw-wedges.&nbsp; The next was a little round cake, waxy-white, which he set 
in the basket.&nbsp; At its taste the helpless girl made a little 
gakk.       
      
               
             
              
             
              
         
          
           
             
            
         
      
               
             
              
             
              
              
               
              
            
"There now, hon, I know it isn't 
candy.&nbsp; But if we let these gentlemen shoot straight down your throat 
you'll gag every time.&nbsp; And the salts will&nbsp;balance some of the acid 
you'll be getting."      
      
               
             
              
             
              
         
          
           
             
            
         
      
               
             
              
             
              
              
               
              
            
 Finally 
Gordon arranged&nbsp;his&nbsp;model's&nbsp;dark, wavy hair about the warped bowl, 
straightened and&nbsp;turned to face his guests - some of whom were now visibly 
fidgety.      
      
               
             
              
             
              
           
            
            
         
      
               
             
              
             
              
              
               
        
      
               
             
              
             
              
           
            
            
         
      
               
             
              
             
              
              
               
        
      
               
             
              
             
              
           
            
            
         
      
               
             
              
             
              
              
               
              
            
"She's all yours, gentlemen.&nbsp; 
Sorry for the wait, but I expect by now you're ready to give Alexis a proper 
welcome to the Expo!&nbsp; I'm sure you all have good aim but don't worry if 
you're a little off - anything that goes down&nbsp;the drain-line under Alexis' 
tits gets pumped&nbsp;back up&nbsp;from below, so as long as you hit her between 
the shoulders nothing's wasted.&nbsp; And hi Mark, good to    
                
               
           see 
you again.&nbsp; Make sure to come back and see me after you're done 
visiting with Alexis here."      
      
               
             
              
             
              
           
            
            
         
      
               
             
              
             
              
              
               
              
            
The man at the head of the line 
stepped forward quickly and bent his elbows, blocking Mark's view of the 
kneeling brunette.&nbsp; In a moment a faint splattering sound was heard, 
followed by a cough and guggle...        
            
           
                    
             
          
While waiting 
his turn Mark gazed about the other exhibits that graced Gordon's 
black and white checkerboard floor.&nbsp; Behind the Mermaid Shower stood a 
luxurious footed bath tub - the feet belonging to an unmatched pair of 
naked beauties who decorated either end.&nbsp; They faced each other over the 
length of the tub,&nbsp;torsos clamped to its round ends by wide shiny bands 
and legs bent with knees pressed under the vessel's rim.          
          
           
           
               
       
One of the girls 
-&nbsp;a fair, slim blonde - was fixed at the lower drain-end of 
the tub with her waist at the height of its rim.&nbsp; Her upper body was bound 
by a band&nbsp;under her armpits&nbsp;to the plumbing fixtures that rose above the tub. 
Looking carefully,&nbsp;Mark could see that the cross-handled knobs that opened 
the tub's filler valves also turned screw clamps that&nbsp;would squeeze 
her pink nipples whenever the water flowed.&nbsp;&nbsp;In her mouth she held 
a&nbsp;strapless chrome plug-gag, like a shiny baby's pacifier.&nbsp; From 
the ring at its back a lightweight chain descended into the tub 
- to operate the stopper, Mark guessed.             
                 
               
          
         
           
               
       
 The girl 
facing her was tanned and voluptuous, with a rich 
crop of rusty brown hair that cascaded behind her almost to the floor.&nbsp; Her 
body was set lower against the more inclined sitting-end of the tub, with the rim 
pressing up&nbsp;under her melon-sized tits and her big butt inches above 
the floor.&nbsp; The mouth of this&nbsp;Rubenesque beauty&nbsp;was not plugged, 
but made comically huge by a cage-like insert that held her jaw at full gape 
and pushed her cheeks out into blushing bubbles.&nbsp; Inside the cage and 
between her stretched lips&nbsp;a bar of soap rested.&nbsp; Chrome caddies alongside the 
tub held a collection of brushes and folded towels.          
              
             
             
                   
           
               
       
"Yo, check this out!"&nbsp; 
While&nbsp;Mark watched some other visitors&nbsp;took 
interest in the tub, a trio of young black&nbsp;men dressed in 
sharp modern suits and 
dripping in the gold chains and ornament that 
were popular with the hip-hop crowd.&nbsp; After an animated discussion the men&nbsp;decided that 
one of them should try it on for size.         
           
              
           
               
       
      
    "OK, ladies!&nbsp; Make some 
room for Master K!"&nbsp; The lean      
    guest slipped off his silk jacket and Italian loafers but retained 
the rest of his clothes as he stepped quickly into the dry tub, sat 
down&nbsp;and reclined.&nbsp; With his toes&nbsp;by the drain below&nbsp;the 
blonde's perky cupcake tits,&nbsp;his head rested perfectly between 
the thick-bodied beauty's big, round jugs.&nbsp; He&nbsp;twisted his neck&nbsp;left 
and right, pressing&nbsp;his fuzzy head&nbsp;deeper into her cleavage 
while rubbing his cheeks against her soft, creamy&nbsp;pillows.             
               
            
               
               
       
       
            
            
          
    "Yeah, boys...Fuck the jacuzzi, I got to get one of 
these for the crib.&nbsp; But ladies!&nbsp; What are your hands 
for?"                  
                  
           
               
       
       
            
 The girls' arms were indeed unrestrained but till now had lain 
still, passively grasping the tub's rim.&nbsp; At the&nbsp;bather's words they 
sprang into action, the blonde reaching down to raise one of his feet and 
massage it, while her brown-haired partner&nbsp;rubbed his temples with her 
thumbs.                  
                  
           
               
       
"Yeah, momma, now that's fine service.&nbsp; 
And I guess if we had some water you might do some washin' too?"&nbsp; The gagged 
blonde&nbsp;facing him&nbsp;nodded, as much as the stopper-chain 
allowed.         
           
               
       
"And for a handsome 
man&nbsp;like Master K, that massage might have 
a happy endin'?"&nbsp; Another nod,&nbsp;as the corners of her mouth turned up in a&nbsp;smile 
around the chrome pacifier.         
           
               
       
   "But what if a playa 
just wanted to kick it and soak for a while?"&nbsp; The more&nbsp;curvaceous 
of his attendants stopped her massage and reached down to a rack on the far side 
of the tub.&nbsp; She drew from&nbsp;it a magazine, and extending her arms&nbsp;held 
it open at a reading distance before the eyes that peaked out from between her 
big nipples.               
                 
           
               
       
"What," the bather laughed to his friends 
while the blonde continued rubbing his foot. "No Shakespeare?"         
           
               
       
A few yards behind the tub a less 
lighthearted scene played out.&nbsp;&nbsp;A&nbsp;silent&nbsp;female sat by the 
wall there, ignored and fully encapsulated in black latex.&nbsp; She sat as though 
in a chair, with back straight, knees wide-spread and a long rectangular sink 
resting across her lap.&nbsp; Only her black-wrapped toes touched the floor, as 
her feet pointed down in line with her shins.&nbsp;&nbsp;The nature of her seat 
was hidden behind the sink - all that could be seen of it was&nbsp;a&nbsp;chrome 
tube three inches in diameter&nbsp;that descended vertically below her bottom to 
the floor and supported most of her weight.&nbsp; A shiny        
         
         
              
        
               
              
             
             
     spray nozzle was suspended above the sink on 
a flexible chrome line that arched over her head. &nbsp;There were racks to her right 
and left, which each held several dishes.                
       
              
            
             
              
      
                
        
         
         
              
        
               
        Mark watched as the&nbsp;rubber-gloved female lifted 
a plate from the left-hand rack.&nbsp; Lowering it into the soapy water she 
carried on her thighs she scrubbed&nbsp;the plate&nbsp;thoroughly, then rinsed it off with the 
dangling nozzle&nbsp;before placing it in the opposite rack.&nbsp; The woman had no choice 
but to attend her work closely, as her heavy posture collar rose high in back 
forcing her gaze down into the sink.                
       
              
            
             
              
      
                
        
         
         
              
        
               
              
  The features of the scullery 
slave's        
         
         
              
        
               
              
  shiny black mask were vague and generic, obscuring any hint of 
her identity.&nbsp; The only openings in the dark helmet were a small chrome-rimmed 
circle over her mouth, and&nbsp;a pair of metal-edged&nbsp;slits below where her eyes should 
be.&nbsp; Mark guessed she could see no more than a few inches, if at all, 
outside the rim of the rectangular sink.           
              
         
             
              
            
               
              
             
      
                
     
           
             
        As soon as she'd finished washing all the dishes 
to the left, the faceless figure reached to the rack on her right 
and began scrubbing the same plates all over again.&nbsp; None of them were dirty.         
             
                
                    
      
                
On the wall nearest Mark a different 
kind of&nbsp;sink-girl was mounted.&nbsp; This one was&nbsp;less hardworking and 
more ornamental,&nbsp;designed as&nbsp;a personal&nbsp;lavatory.&nbsp; Its 
female component was a naked and slightly-built blonde, with a pair of silicone 
bubbles in size DD stuck high on her chest.&nbsp; She stood upright against the 
wall, her midsection constricted&nbsp;into a narrow&nbsp;cylinder by a tight 
clamping band of&nbsp;chromed steel.&nbsp; A fitting at the back of the 
waistband fixed her rigidly a few inches in front of the wall; a small white 
porcelain sink was hung at the front of the tummy-crushing band.&nbsp; A large chrome 
plug-gag was held deep in her mouth by a pair of shiny metal straps&nbsp;across 
her cheeks.&nbsp; On the front of the gag, between her cherry lips, was a big 
silver button.        
         
     
            
             
          
            
             
              
             
                 
The girl's elbows were bound tight to 
her pipe-stemmed waist, while her forearms were held level and pointed straight 
out to either side of her body.&nbsp; Her right hand held a white cup, the left 
a can of shaving gel.&nbsp; Her forearms were draped&nbsp;with neatly folded 
white towels, each bearing a "G" monogram and hanging down to her middle 
thigh.&nbsp; Clipped to the pink nipples that poked out from her round tits were 
a pair of little chrome cylinders, finger-wide, a couple of inches long, and 
oriented vertically.&nbsp; In the right cylinder a toothbrush hung; the left 
held a razor.&nbsp; Topping off this attractive installation was a round mirror 
eight inches in diameter, mounted in a swiveling chrome bracket that the pretty 
blonde wore like a crown above her brow.         
             
                
          
             
                
           
            
           
                   
A pair of small 
silver&nbsp;lines curled up past the girl's belt 
to feed a faucet that pointed down into the sink, but Mark couldn't see how the 
flow was activated.&nbsp; He tipped his head and looked underneath the sink, 
where the chrome trap curled back and&nbsp;upwards, disappearing between the 
blonde's thighs before descending again toward the floor.&nbsp; But he still 
couldn't find the faucet's&nbsp;controlling valves.           
               
            
                       
   One of the 
men who'd&nbsp;waited near the front of&nbsp;the queue&nbsp;approached&nbsp;the 
lavatory&nbsp;to wash his hands.&nbsp; When he stepped in front of it the water 
began to flow automatically, as Mark caught a glimpse of motion below: 
the girl had pushed down on a pair of pedals, to which her bare little feet were 
clamped by a pair of wide chrome bands across the insteps.&nbsp; Now that he 
knew where to look, Mark saw the familiar letters "H" and "C" again, stamped 
into the pedal-straps.        
     
             
            
                 
                              
Having&nbsp;rinsed his hands the man 
reached up to the girl's face, and the chrome plug-gag.&nbsp; His finger pressed 
firmly on the button at the center of the gag, pushing the girl's head back a 
fraction as a blob of thick white goo drooled from her lower lip into his cupped 
palm.&nbsp; After lathering his hands well with the liquid soap he held them 
under the faucet, and water flowed again as the girl's toes pressed the 
pedals.              
            
                
              
                    
"Hotter,"&nbsp;he commanded, and 
she&nbsp;pushed down harder with her right foot.&nbsp; Not hard enough, 
apparently, as the man placed the leather sole of his shoe atop the girl's 
red-painted toenails, bearing down on her foot until steam rose 
from the sink and&nbsp;her blue eyes watered.&nbsp; When he was satisifed with 
his hygiene the man lifted his foot, and the girl began breathing again 
while&nbsp;he dried his hands on one of Gordon's towels.     
          
              
           
             
                     
At last the visitor in front of Mark 
in queue&nbsp;moved aside, and&nbsp;he lowered&nbsp;his zipper as he stepped 
forward to stand between Alexis' spread knees.&nbsp; The face that looked up at 
him was quite different from the confident, beautiful&nbsp;woman who had entered 
on Gordon's arm not a quarter of an hour before, basking in his guests' 
attention.&nbsp; The dark&nbsp;hair was&nbsp;wet and matted&nbsp;here and there, 
the pale brow deeply furrowed and lips curled back from her wide-propped teeth in a 
grimace.&nbsp; Behind the plastic-bubble goggles Alexis' eyes blinked up at Mark's 
face, their expression now more pleading than proud.              
           
              
            
           
              
            
            
He let fly with the product of his 
kidneys, but the pressure that had built during his wait threw off his 
aim.&nbsp; The tip of Mark's stream struck the girl's&nbsp;upper lip, and a bit 
of&nbsp;the bitter liquid&nbsp;splashed up her nose.&nbsp; She started, as far 
as her strict restraints allowed, then snorted and sputtered as he lowered his 
aim and found his target.           
               
          
           
              
      
     His heavy stream spattered against the salty 
cake between her propped jaws, rapidly filling Alexis' mouth.&nbsp; She tried to swallow as Gordon had 
trained her, but the splash up her nose had broken her focus 
and she began to gag and sputter.&nbsp; Recalling the plumber's comments Mark 
moved his stream to the side, painting the girl's cheekbone 
and&nbsp;ear while he gave her a chance to&nbsp;collect herself.&nbsp; He watched as his yellow 
pee soaked her wavy black hair, then curled forward along the rimmed white 
cowl toward the spout.&nbsp; Soon a steady trickle was falling from the spout into 
her cleavage, where it was collected by the 
latex shelf bra and disappeared down the black drain hose.&nbsp;&nbsp;A 
moment later Mark&nbsp;could&nbsp;faintly hear an electric pump switching 
on.          
             
                
            
             
             
             
              
           
          
            
He allowed the 
girl&nbsp;one good&nbsp;breath before directing 
his stream into her mouth once more.&nbsp;&nbsp;She had mastered 
her gag reflex again, and her throat pulsed as she 
swallowed repeatedly.&nbsp; But Mark's long-restrained flow was copious, and he 
could see his urine beginning to back up around&nbsp;Alexis' pink tongue.&nbsp; 
Not wanting to cause&nbsp;any&nbsp;messy retching&nbsp;he moved his aim-point 
upwards now,&nbsp;avoiding the nasal area and playing&nbsp;back and forth across 
the brunette's goggles.&nbsp; Again, after a short delay, the yellow trickle 
fell between her breasts and the pump clicked to life.        
            
        
            
             
           
             
              
   
At last the pressure in his bladder 
eased, and Mark's stream went slack.&nbsp; Without squeezing it off he took a 
little step closer to the gasping piss-girl to make sure his last drops fell into 
her tiered collection areas.&nbsp; Alexis' dripping face relaxed slightly as the 
stream of pee broke, then flinched again when a final squirt struck her on the 
forehead.&nbsp; After a pause Mark shook his last drops into her white cleavage, 
then tucked&nbsp;his prick&nbsp;away again.           
             
            
            
             
            
    
As he turned to wash up at the&nbsp;nearby blonde 
lavatory&nbsp;Gordon approached the urinal installation.&nbsp; The crew-cut plumber picked 
up a watering can, such as an indoor gardener might use, from a stand next 
to it and looked down at his&nbsp;disenthused 
volunteer.          
            
           
      
 "Time for 
a flush, I think, dear."&nbsp; He tipped 
the little can over Alexis' face and played its delicate spray over&nbsp;her and 
about the cowl for a moment, washing away the yellow drops that clung here and 
there.&nbsp; The liquid in the can was bluish, and in a moment an 
artificially fresh&nbsp;scent rose from the bowl.&nbsp; The&nbsp;cleansing 
flush flowed down the spout, and&nbsp;Alexis whimpered softly while&nbsp;the 
hidden pump hummed.         
            
             
              
              
          
           
        
 
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
[...]  







EMW08Transit


          
           
          
             
             
  --------------------------------
The Exposition of Modified Women, 
Part 8 - The Speed Demon          
           
          
             
             
  
by Benfan          
           
          
             
             
       
            
           
          
             
             
  
          
           
          
             
             
       
            
           
          
             
             
  &nbsp;
          
           
          
             
             
  &nbsp;
          
           
          
             
             
  &nbsp;
  Out of darkness a deep red glow appeared, 
growing slowly brighter and lightening in hue until it finally exploded 
into the&nbsp;blazing orange and&nbsp;golden yellows of a spectacular desert sunrise.&nbsp; 
Below the natural light show dark ranks of rugged mountains receded into the 
distance; at their feet a featureless white plain reflected a hint of the 
dazzling colors above.
"Ooooh, it's pretty!"
"Shhh!"
 A rectangular shape appeared on the plain, like a 
dark brick with edges of silver that caught and reflected the fiery 
sunrise.&nbsp; It was moving, gliding surreally across the white field at a 
speed that the lack of landmarks made difficult to judge.
"Are they spacemen?&nbsp; I don't like spacemen, they're 
ugly."
"I said hush, Candy.&nbsp; If you can't keep 
quiet you can't watch the movie."
        Mark was        sitting in a black tent that served 
as a theater, at one end of the Expo livestock paddock.&nbsp; In his eagerness 
he had arrived a bit early for the pony parade, when most of the ponies 
and their handlers were either resting or just beginning their preparations 
behind closed tent flaps and stall doors.&nbsp; To fill the time before 
things got more interesting he'd ducked into the little tent-theater, where 
a short film was being presented&nbsp;that documented one Society member's recent efforts 
to set a new&nbsp;world standard for female-powered speed.
 The voices behind Mark were those of&nbsp;an Expo attendee and his 
bimbo, who'd entered the tent just before the lights had gone down.&nbsp; They'd&nbsp;joined an audience of a dozen 
or so who filled the little temporary theater about halfway to capacity.&nbsp; The man 
was middleaged, well-groomed and sharply dressed; the companion he pulled along by the hand was 
a busty blonde&nbsp;dream - or maybe, depending on one's taste,&nbsp;a nightmare - in 
pink.&nbsp;&nbsp;Her tight long-sleeved minidress, with its hem just below her 
butt and a&nbsp;plunging neckline that stretched over boobs 
the size and shape of volleyballs...bloated&nbsp;collagen lips...long, painted fingernails...the high 
platform heels that 
made the bimbo look&nbsp;as tall as&nbsp;her not-diminutive escort: all were 
the same eye-stinging shade of hottest pink.&nbsp; Even her towering mass of 
bleached-blonde curls was streaked with pink highlights.&nbsp; The only other color 
she wore was white, in the form of big cheap plastic hoops that rattled 
around her wrists and dangled from her&nbsp;ears like Christmas ornaments.&nbsp; A&nbsp;wide belt of 
white vinyl hung loose about her hourglass waist, and white ruffled socks&nbsp;blossomed at her 
ankles.
           
         The image on the 
screen at the front of the theater swept closer to the 
dark rectangle that slid across&nbsp;the dry lakebed, captured evidently by a helicopter 
camera.&nbsp; Swooping around and above the gliding apparition revealed its true form: 
what was rectangular in side-view appeared from above like a pointed teardrop, with 
sharp vertical edges front and rear.&nbsp; The entire craft was of bright aluminum.&nbsp; From 
the side at close range the bottoms of four large wheels could be seen 
protruding below the vehicle's sheer sides.
"Where are the ponies?&nbsp; I thought there would be 
ponies."
 "OK, Candy, I warned you.&nbsp; I guess&nbsp;I have 
to give you something to keep you quiet.&nbsp; Down here now..."
"Again daddy?&nbsp; Oh, goody!&nbsp; You're so good 
to...Gluk.......sssslurrrp."
Mark sighed in relief that the&nbsp;bimbo's squeaky,&nbsp;high-pitched 
voice had been silenced.&nbsp; Now the only noise in the theater was 
a low, steady mechanical sound, like the spinning of&nbsp;a great, 
well-greased wheel somewhere behind the curtains or maybe outside in the 
paddock.
    The image of the weird vehicle faded to black, and the familiar face of&nbsp;the famous tycoon, adventurer, 
and ponygirl aficionado&nbsp;Pritchard Brandon appeared on the screen.&nbsp; He stood 
in an expansive shop filled with power tools and large metal 
frames.
      
           "Hello!" the flaxen-haired&nbsp;mogul began brightly, 
while      
           the image zoomed in slowly.&nbsp; 
"Thanks for taking a moment away from      
           the Expo 
to join me.&nbsp; I hope to meet each of you personally&nbsp;out in the paddock, but 
unfortunately the venue for this year's show is too small for me to bring along 
the XX4, the amazing vehicle you've just seen and which now holds all recognized records 
for feminine speed and endurance.&nbsp; So instead, with the help 
of some talented people I've put together this little film, so that you can all share a 
bit of the excitement my team and I experienced as this project 
developed, and eventually succeeded beyond our most optimistic projections.&nbsp; But 
let's start at the beginning..."&nbsp; He turned as the camera angle 
shifted.
          
            
          
                
           
           
            
          
              
          
             
            
           
              
            
          
                
           
           
            
          
              
          
   "You may&nbsp;have heard that I made 
a little money in airlines, but my favorite mode of 
transportation uses a different sort of power.&nbsp; From my earliest years I've&nbsp;fancied 
the notion of women in harness, and as fortune has smiled upon me 
I've been able to indulge my special interest in more and more 
elaborate fashion.&nbsp; At the start, like most pony-fanciers, I began 
with consensual playmates and the enjoyment of our little games was 
mutual..."
          
            
          
                
           
           
            
          
              
          
   The image of Brandon faded out, to be replaced          
            
          
                
           
           
            
          
              
          
   by video&nbsp;of women in pony harness.&nbsp; The footage&nbsp;had been processed 
to run at faster than normal speed, and a bit jerkily, affecting 
a nostalgic style that recalled old newsreels.&nbsp; The first clips featured 
a&nbsp;brown haired&nbsp;girl, prettier-than-average and with          
            
          
                
           
           
            
          
              
          
   a soft looking body, who wore 
a few&nbsp;simple leather straps over her&nbsp;clothes.&nbsp; Her costumes were most 
often blue jeans and T-shirts, though in one scene she wore&nbsp;shorts and 
a bikini top, in which she seemed&nbsp;a bit&nbsp;shy.&nbsp; Under the&nbsp;playful, teasing whip of 
a very young Pritchard Brandon she was shown marching across a grassy 
field, high-stepping in a circle, or drawing her playmate down 
a paved path in a little red wagon hitched to her 
belt.
          
            
          
                
           
           
            
          
              
                
            
          
                
           
           
            
          
              
                     
            
          
                
           
           
            
          
              
                
            
          
                
           
           
            
          
              
          
  The next girl featured was a lean 
blonde, who appeared more often in revealing costumes. sometimes made 
of leather.&nbsp; Her harnesses were more elaborate, as well as restricting: unlike 
the earlier model the blonde&nbsp;often performed with hands bound&nbsp;and sometimes with a black&nbsp;bit 
across her teeth.&nbsp; She felt young Brandon's whip more often, too.&nbsp; The&nbsp;clips 
showed him pressing&nbsp;her to throw her weight into her harness 
and drag him along, in a modified garden cart now,&nbsp;at ever-greater 
speeds.
      
            
        "First ponies, like the first of anything 
wonderful, always bring back fond memories.&nbsp; But while these girls will always 
have a special place in my heart, I soon found our little games 
tiresome.&nbsp; In play as in work I demand performance, from myself and anyone 
on my team.&nbsp; I don't see much of a point in doing something unless my goal 
is to be the best, whether it means my companies offering the best      
            
       service and return 
on investment, or my ponies' performance at show or on the 
track."
      
            
             
            
        The third pony in the video was a tall      
            
             
            
        and athletic brunette.&nbsp;&nbsp;The&nbsp;small leather triangles that concealed      
            
       her      
            
       C-cup      
            
       breasts and pubic area were integreated into her carefully fitted harness, 
which was reinforced at the joints with shiny studs and 
plates.&nbsp; Her bit was of bright silver, and she wore blinders to keep 
her attention focused on the course before her.&nbsp; The strong-legged female drew 
a proper pony-cart, attached by two long, slender bars to either side of 
her wide belt.&nbsp; Brandon rode in the cart's single seat, between a pair of 
tall, skinny bicycle wheels.&nbsp; The screen showed a few clips of the two 
on parade at the casual meets that were often held out in the countryside, 
where the girl stepped proudly      
            
       in her high-heeled 
boots while Brandon flashed his winning smile and waved to the 
crowd.
      
            
             
            
         Then there were clips of them racing, 
where the pony-driver's teeth showed instead between lips drawn thin 
in an expression that revealed his inner intensity and competitive drive.&nbsp; He 
laid into the brunette's toned bottom with&nbsp;sharp cracks of his whip, 
as she strained forward and crossed the finish lines always well ahead 
of her nearest pursuers.&nbsp; This sequence ended with&nbsp;the 
scene&nbsp;of a trophy presentation, where Brandon stood on a table excitedly 
pumping his first-place cup above his head.&nbsp;&nbsp;His&nbsp;pretty pony&nbsp;- still in harness and bit with      
            
       arms bound tight 
behind her -&nbsp;stood beside the table with eyes downcast, wet and 
exhausted.
      
            
             
  "As&nbsp;my interest in the sport&nbsp;grew more serious, and I strived for ever 
greater speed and greater margins of victory, it became difficult to find 
ponies who matched my enthusiasm.&nbsp; Several times I&nbsp;encountered women who possessed all 
the natural qualities to be fine racers, and who at the outset expressed 
interest in forming a team.&nbsp; But after I'd invested a week or a 
month&nbsp;in training they would too often make up apologies, or come up 
lame with      
            
       mysterious leg injuries 
that caused no swelling, or in one or two cases simply 
disappear."
      
            
         "I chafed at the time I was      
            
         wasting      
            
         with these faint-hearted volunteers when there were races 
and glory to be won, and decided to explore a different course.&nbsp; I'd 
become aware      
            
       through some of my fellow pony-fanciers of our Society, and 
with their sponsorship was duly tested and initiated.&nbsp; Through our network of mutual 
friends I gained access to a large supply of fit young women well-suited 
to the rigorous course of training I was&nbsp;developing - and the terms 
of their service allowed me to invest the necessary time and effort      
            
       in full-time training 
without the worry that they might run&nbsp;off just before a major 
race."
      
            
                 
            
               
     
           
           
          
          
        
       
          The video      
            
                 
            
               
     
           
           
          
          
        
       
    ran at      
            
                 
            
               
     
           
           
          
          
        
       
    normal speed now,      
            
                 
            
               
     
           
           
          
          
        
       
    as&nbsp;the documentary&nbsp;approached&nbsp;the present.&nbsp; The audience&nbsp;watched a more mature 
Pritchard Brandon engaged in training a variety of well-built women. who toiled mostly naked under 
his busy whip.&nbsp; These ran the feminine spectrum from blonde to brunette, and 
blushing white to darkest African brown.&nbsp; But they&nbsp;were always 
strictly bound, often leashed or hobbled, and sometimes blindfolded or masked and 
helmeted.&nbsp; When their faces were exposed these women&nbsp;did not always radiate beauty.&nbsp;&nbsp;Some at least&nbsp;looked 
to      
            
       have been chosen&nbsp;with 
no eye&nbsp;for their faces, but only for their powerful quads and 
glutes.
      
            
                 
            
               
     
           
           
          
          
        
       
            
    Mark wondered what the&nbsp;women behind&nbsp;the masks looked like, while he watched 
as on the screen Brandon encouraged one of his amazons to get up 
and complete a traditional strength-building exercise.&nbsp; She'd collapsed while 
dragging a sled weighted with a&nbsp;stack of hay bales across the soft 
earth of Brandon's paddock, and his whip could not convince her to rise again.&nbsp; 
Finally      
            
       from a belt 
holster he produced an electric cattle prod, which produced the desired 
response.
      
            
                  
  "Of      
            
       course I was just a beginner again, as the Society counts 
among its membership many skilled and dedicated ponymasters, some of whom have 
inherited the hobby through past generations.&nbsp; My first races under Society 
rules were far more competitive than the old country-club matches, where I'd 
enjoyed success to the point of boredom.&nbsp; I'm sure my experience      
            
       was quite like 
moving from the junior leagues in other sports up to the 
elites."
      
            
       The screen now displayed exciting footage of a&nbsp;dusty 
break-neck contest, far different  from the genteel processions shown in 
the earlier clips.&nbsp; Four ponies and their drivers 
vied for&nbsp;position on a narrow dirt        
            
           
  
             
            
            
            
             
   oval, whips flickering, bare breasts bouncing, and feathered headpieces pushed 
back by the wind of their speed.&nbsp; Brandon could be 
spotted under his helmet and goggles by the shoulder-length yellow 
locks that fluttered behind him in the breeze.&nbsp; He drove a&nbsp;great black pony that glistened 
in the sunlight, with hair in a hundred skinny braids that 
trailed behind      
            
       her shoulders,&nbsp;legs&nbsp;carved from 
trunks of ebony and an ass like twin chiseled boulders of 
obsidian.
        
            
           
  
             
            
            
           
            
           
  
             
            
            
           
            
           
  
             
            
            
    In        
            
           
  
             
            
            
           
            
           
  
             
            
            
           
            
           
  
             
            
            
    accordance with Society rules&nbsp;the ponies all 
wore hoof-boots,&nbsp;their toes perched on hard rubber "hooves" shod with&nbsp;steel&nbsp;and their 
heels high off&nbsp;the ground.&nbsp; Their&nbsp;arms were bound behind them, 
and&nbsp;they ran naked except for harness and&nbsp;bridle.&nbsp; Beyond what 
was required        
            
           
  
             
            
            
           
            
           
  
             
            
            
           
            
           
  
             
            
            
   by rule, the details of their tack varied.&nbsp; Brandon's 
black beauty had her arms bound forearm-to-forearm across her back, above a flowing 
tail of sable, and sported a pair of tall white feathers above her 
ears.&nbsp; Her&nbsp;unfettered breasts, firm chocolate handfuls,&nbsp;bobbed violently as she strained 
forward in her harness, swinging her shoulders so that her 
whole body worked with her stride.&nbsp; Two of the more buxom racers&nbsp;had wide straps cinched 
around the bases of their tits, so that their boobs looked 
like mushrooms      
            
       sprouting from their 
chests.&nbsp; This was the only form of breast support&nbsp;that&nbsp;the ancient rules 
allowed.
      
            
         "But      
            
         by this time I had met with some success 
in business, as well as at the pony track, and I possessed the resources as 
well as dedication to make my stable one of the foremost on the Society 
roll.&nbsp; I managed a victory in my first season, and by my third year on the 
tour captured the Society championship for single carts.&nbsp; Mr. Parker, from 
Texas, bested      
            
       me the following 
year but after that my stable carried me to two championships 
consecutively."
      
            
                
            
                 
            
         After      
            
                
            
                 
            
         several laps around the dry track&nbsp;the four ponies&nbsp;had 
become covered in dust.&nbsp;&nbsp;The billowing clouds of&nbsp;powder adhered to skin soaked with sweat that 
was rung from their bodies by the      
            
       afternoon sun, so 
that&nbsp;all exposed flesh, black or white, was slowly turning to yellowish 
brown.
      
            
                  
            
             
            
                  
            
           
             
            
                  
            
             
            
                  
            
           
             
            
                  
            
             
            
                  
            
           
       Brandon had been in first place 
for a lap when a towering blonde daughter of&nbsp;viking gods 
pulled alongside him on the backstretch, blue feathers fluttering from her brow.&nbsp; Brandon 
spotted the challenge and rose to half-standing in the footwell of his 
little cart, shifting its balance forward to give his pony better traction.&nbsp; He 
cracked the reins and lashed his long whip against the tight-muscled buttocks that churned before him.&nbsp; 
His dark charger obeyed, digging      
            
       into the packed 
dirt with her steel-cleated hooves and pulling out in front once 
more.
      
            
                  
            
             
            
                  
            
           
             
          
             
            
             
As they approached the turn the blonde's driver tried 
the inside, but Brandon steered to his left, shutting      
            
                  
            
             
            
                  
            
           
             
          
             
            
             
him out.&nbsp; Around the turn and past the post, where a white flag fluttered: one lap 
to go.&nbsp; Going into the      
            
       far turn the 
tall blonde's driver tried the outside again, and Brandon forced him 
wide.
      
            
                  
            
             
            
                  
            
           
             
          
             
            
             
                
   The crowd was on its feet, bellowing with one voice      
            
                  
            
             
            
                  
            
           
             
          
             
            
             
                
  as the ponies&nbsp;flew      
            
       down the backstretch, 
legs pumping and&nbsp;tits bouncing, spitting froth past their bits&nbsp;while their hooves&nbsp;pounded&nbsp;against 
the&nbsp;earth!
      
            
          Suddenly a third entrant      
            
          made a late charge, a red-feathered&nbsp;brunette 
of shorter stature than the leaders&nbsp;but with thighs as big around 
as her belted waist.&nbsp; Along the rail she darted, bound boobs bobbing as 
she drew&nbsp;a white cart in which her driver stood at full height and swung his 
whip against her broad bottom with&nbsp;all his&nbsp;strength.&nbsp; Focused on 
the outside challenge Brandon was late to      
            
       recognize this new 
threat, not spying the speeding red feathers until the&nbsp;leaders approached&nbsp;the final 
turn.
      
            
           Dropping to      
            
          one knee&nbsp;in his footwell&nbsp;he pulled back      
            
          on the left rein, turning his pony's 
black-maned head.&nbsp; His lean steed cut hard into the turn, right      
            
          in front of the onrushing brunette.&nbsp;&nbsp;Red-feathers&nbsp;was blinkered and 
only saw Brandon's cart at the last moment, as his spinning wheel passed almost beneath 
her chin.&nbsp; Startled, she pulled up suddenly and turned into the rail, 
bouncing her hip off the low barrier...somehow she kept her hooves under her 
but the white      
            
       cart tipped up 
on one wheel and pitched her standing driver headlong into the 
dirt.
      
            
               
           
               
            
               
             
            
               
             
             
          
       Approaching the turn from the outside the 
blue-feathered Norse thoroughbred was running      
            
               
           
               
            
               
             
            
               
             
             
          
       nearly blind.&nbsp; Her gray eyes&nbsp;caked with dust, she&nbsp;almost 
trampled the fallen man.&nbsp; Spotting the prone figure&nbsp;through the 
clouds of dust&nbsp;her own&nbsp;driver pulled her reins sharply back and to the right.&nbsp; 
At the last moment the harnessed valkyrie turned back 
outside, avoiding disaster,      
            
       but the sudden&nbsp;strong 
pull on her&nbsp;bit brought her blonde head up and broke her 
stride.
      
            
               
           
               
            
               
             
            
               
             
             
          
        By the time&nbsp;she worked back up to 
speed the fourth pony - an&nbsp;impressively built but underachieving 
redhead who'd trailed the field throughout - had slipped by&nbsp;to claim second place 
for her green-feathered stable.&nbsp; Behind the tall Scandinavian the 
game, stocky, red-feathered      
            
       brunette hobbled at 
last across the line,&nbsp;lame&nbsp;on her left side&nbsp;and with her white cart 
empty.
      
            
       All      
            
       behind Pritchard Brandon, who had stood in his cart and 
pumped his fist in victory as he rolled past the checkered flag, oblivious to the 
chaos behind him.&nbsp; While he threw aside his helmet and waved to the 
crowd a white-harnessed      
            
       pony drew a 
wheeled litter across the track behind him,&nbsp;toward the scene of the 
crash.
      
            
             
            
                 
               
             
        
            
          
           
&nbsp;
      
            
             
            
                 
               
             
        
            
          
         [...to be 
continued]






EMW09Speed2


Now&nbsp;seems like a good time to restate&nbsp;that this story is complete fantasy, and 
that while real-sounding names have been used to lend authenticity, characters&nbsp;depicted 
here&nbsp;are fictional and no resemblance to actual persons is 
intended.
----------------------------------
&nbsp;
The Exposition of Modified Women, Part 9 - The Speed 
Demon (continued)
by Benfan
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
  The image of Brandon victorious faded to black, 
and he appeared&nbsp;again in his more charming mode.
  "Having achieved my goals on the track, I soon 
began to yearn for new challenges.&nbsp; With all respect for the traditions 
of the Society Cup, I wanted to run my girls free from rules and restrictions 
and explore the true limits of female speed.&nbsp; And so I retired from 
sanctioned racing, but I did not disband my stable.&nbsp; Instead I began to 
experiment with&nbsp;new technology and&nbsp;training techniques to harness my 
ponies' power most efficiently."
       
       The       
       film now cut quickly through several clips       
       that       
     featured       
     an assortment of 
strange vehicles into which members of&nbsp;Brandon's pony troop 
were strapped.&nbsp; Some of the machines were shown indoors,&nbsp;bolted to a machine 
that measured the power output from their wheels.&nbsp; Others tooled around 
a small paved outdoor track.&nbsp; Most of the 
conveyances were pedal driven, though their 
configurations varied wildly.
     First came&nbsp;a 
sequence of&nbsp;single-girl machines&nbsp;like recumbent cycles, with two, three,&nbsp;and 
four wheels.&nbsp; There was also a strange contraption 
that&nbsp;carried&nbsp;one girl&nbsp;in a hands-and-knees position, where she&nbsp;alternately curled and extended&nbsp;her body like 
an inchworm as she pushed a set of pedals and handles 
that captured her motion and translated it via 
a complex chain drive to her 
cart's four wheels.
   
             
           
         
        
   Then&nbsp;there were&nbsp;two-girl machines. &nbsp;The first positioned a pair 
of pedalers upright in tandem, one behind the other like a 
common bicycle-built-for-two equipped with straps at seat and 
pedal.&nbsp;&nbsp;Then came a series of double-recumbents, in which two 
ex-ponygirls sat either&nbsp;side by side or&nbsp;back-to-back.&nbsp;&nbsp;One unique tricycle&nbsp;harnessed two females one above the other,&nbsp;like lovers 
in the missionary position, with&nbsp;their four feet driving a single large cog.
The females powering the experimental machines were 
apparently subjects of investigation, as well.&nbsp; Many of the pony-pedalers were wired 
with small adhesive pads stuck to their torsos and legs.&nbsp; A variety of 
masks, hoses, and gas cylinders showed that Brandon was&nbsp;testing 
various&nbsp;breath control and supplementation schemes.&nbsp; And as the 
sequence progressed,&nbsp;one or two&nbsp;of the&nbsp;females appeared to lose their arms.&nbsp; 
To save weight, Mark supposed.
     "These experiments     went on for over a year.&nbsp; My team of 
doctors and&nbsp;engineers&nbsp;became the world's leading experts on the extraction 
of mechanical power from the female body.&nbsp; Some details of this knowledge, 
we'll keep to ourselves," the blonde billionaire said with a smile.&nbsp; "But&nbsp;we 
did find that&nbsp;when it comes to&nbsp;speed and FPUs - that's 
our development team's shorthand for Female Power Units         
         
           
            
            
            
             
               
           
      
            
             - 
more is better...&nbsp;&nbsp;As long as&nbsp;all the units powering a vehicle are carefully balanced and 
coordinated,&nbsp;which becomes impractical beyond a certain point.&nbsp; We projected 
that the ideal number of FPUs&nbsp;for&nbsp;our planned vehicle would be 
four."
        
           
           
            
           
           
The odd        
           
           
            
           
           
contraptions faded away and Brandon's image returned to the screen.&nbsp; "All well 
and good.&nbsp; But a successful design would have to solve several 
problems.&nbsp; Chief among them:&nbsp;how 
to harness four females so that they're able to produce maximum power, while 
minimizing drag and weight?&nbsp; How to keep them all working together in close 
coordination?&nbsp; And&nbsp;where to find a set of four females of exceptional physical ability, all matched closely 
and trained to work in harmony?"
        
           
           
            
           
           
            
       "To see how we 
solved these problems, and 
to understand how&nbsp;the XX4's&nbsp;drive system&nbsp;works,&nbsp;it's best&nbsp;to see&nbsp;it in action.&nbsp; As I said at 
the beginning of our programme, I&nbsp;was unable to bring&nbsp;the entire vehicle to the 
Expo for you to see.&nbsp; But, I have at least been able to bring one of 
the pistons from its record-setting engine."
   Brandon's face turned to his left on the screen, to face 
the black curtains&nbsp;at the&nbsp;side of the little theater-tent as they were drawn open on cue 
by a Brandon Industries employee.&nbsp; Behind&nbsp;the curtains 
was the source of the low whirring noise that had continued, barely audible, 
since Mark had first entered the tent.&nbsp; It came from the three-foot flywheel of 
a steel machine bolted to the floor, driven by&nbsp;a U-shaped crankshaft.&nbsp; Suspended 
above the turning crank, her feet strapped together&nbsp;to the bend in 
the "U," was a most unusual female specimen.
 "I introduce you to Karissa Myles, formerly of the champion 
rowing team from Wemberly College.&nbsp; Miss Myles is a record holder 
in the single sculls, and was once expected to bring home Olympic glory.&nbsp; 
Since the age of twelve she&nbsp;is undefeated on the water - and now 
quite likely to remain so.&nbsp; But if she will never row again, she has earned&nbsp;a 
title&nbsp;even rarer than&nbsp;Olympic gold: she is one of the four 
fastest women in the world!"
        The "piston" formerly        known as Karissa Myles -&nbsp;six 
feet, one     and&nbsp;a half inches 
from heel to crown -&nbsp;was suspended above the crankshaft of the spinning machine&nbsp;in 
a frame&nbsp;of shiny aluminum.&nbsp;&nbsp;Two A-frames rose to&nbsp;the height of her shoulders, 
where&nbsp;they were&nbsp;joined to her&nbsp;unusual gray harness&nbsp;by a pair of 
shiny brackets.&nbsp; Lighter frame members continued up and over 
her head, and&nbsp;from the uppermost corners a pair 
of black rubber straps stretched down to snap links at the sides of her 
head harness, above her ears.&nbsp; The torso and head harnesses were high-tech affairs, crafted from 
flat pieces of&nbsp;flexible plastic padded with a thin layer of 
white foam.
  "You may  remember&nbsp;the tragic story of the Wemberly 
team, which was at the top of the news briefly almost three years ago.&nbsp; 
Their van&nbsp;suffered a freak accident, careening into a river after&nbsp;blowing out 
two tires."&nbsp; While he spoke footage from a news broadcast&nbsp;played 
soundlessly on the screen, showing a smashed white van laying wheels-up&nbsp;in a 
raging brown torrent.&nbsp; Along the steep,&nbsp;muddy&nbsp;bank&nbsp;rescue 
workers&nbsp;frowned in their weather gear, while a pair of black body bags were 
carried&nbsp;up toward an ambulance.
 "Officially, the bodies of only two victims were 
recovered: the fifty-four year old coach, and the 95-pound coxswain.&nbsp; After 
a lengthy search the rest of the team was assumed to have been swept away and 
out to sea.&nbsp; But in fact, and by fortunate coincidence, one of my private 
security teams had been nearby when the accident occurred and managed to rescue 
all eight of the champion rowers."
          
        
              
        
           
           
              
          
              
            
             
           
    The somber news clip concluded&nbsp;by          
        
              
        
           
           
              
          
              
            
             
           
    displaying&nbsp;the faces of eight smiling young 
women, the missing victims&nbsp;revealed in&nbsp;portraits that might have been taken from a school yearbook.&nbsp; By 
her blonde hair and high round cheekbones&nbsp;the&nbsp;wholesome, heartland-bred girl pictured at upper left could 
be identified as the "Female Power Unit" that&nbsp;now toiled on the wheel in Brandon's 
tent.
          
        
              
        
           
           
          
        
              
        
           
           
            But the 
golden hair&nbsp;had been shorn to a mere inch in length,&nbsp;poking 
out here and there through gaps in the plastic harness that enclosed most of&nbsp;her 
head.&nbsp; The bright blue eyes were darkened, and sunk deep in a 
pale face.&nbsp; And the shy smile was a distant memory.&nbsp; The former student-athlete's 
mouth was filled with a strapless gag, from which projected a 
strange mushroom-shaped object with a flat chrome front and&nbsp;a dark 
screen&nbsp;around its sides -&nbsp;an air filter.&nbsp; A shiny butterfly valve in the center of the 
chrome housing flapped open when the girl exhaled, always on the downstroke when her 
legs drove the big wheel, and closed again when she bent her&nbsp;knees on the 
return.&nbsp;
        "Three of the 
eight were too short to 
match well with the others.&nbsp;&nbsp;These&nbsp;I either assigned to other projects,&nbsp;or&nbsp;traded to other 
Society ponymasters for training&nbsp;as cart racers.&nbsp; A fourth&nbsp;proved to be untrainable, and 
is no longer with us.&nbsp;&nbsp;The four remaining would compose our record-setting 
team. &nbsp;As soon&nbsp;as we verified their suitability through a few 
weeks of&nbsp;traditional pony training, they were turned over to the 
team surgeon who performed the physical modifications that our 
experiments had shown would produce the most effiicient propulsion&nbsp;for the 
XX4."
        
             
            
             
         The piston/girl was armless.&nbsp; The plastic straps 
above and below her        
             
            
             
         shoulders        
             
            
             
         embraced the smooth round stumps that projected where 
her upper limbs had been neatly amputated just 
below the shoulder joint.&nbsp; Her torso and 
legs were dotted with adhesive pads that trailed delicate wires, which 
were all neatly bundled and run to a black box at 
the base of the suspension frame.&nbsp; Small green LEDs glowed steadily on the 
side of the device.
        
                
                    
          
      
             
          
 "Looking at Miss Myles here&nbsp;today, you see an abbreviated version 
of the XX4's engine."&nbsp;&nbsp;The&nbsp;projection screen showed images of the vehicle with its shell removed 
and inner works exposed, revealing four similarly modified female forms all working in machine-like 
sequence. &nbsp;"In the complete vehicle the four FPUs are mounted shoulder-to-shoulder along the long axis, above a 
lightweight&nbsp;aluminum crankshaft.&nbsp; This arrangement allows for a narrow vehicle, to best 
slice through the wind.&nbsp;&nbsp;The&nbsp;crankshaft transmits the power generated by our four&nbsp;pistons through&nbsp;an 
adapted motorcycle transmission to the XX4's two rear wheels."
                         "Watch as Miss Myles 
goes through a stroke, and 
you can see the advantages of positioning her as we have.&nbsp; Being secured&nbsp;to 
the frame&nbsp;at her shoulders, instead of being placed in a seat,&nbsp;allows her 
to apply the muscles of her back and abdomen to&nbsp;swing her&nbsp;legs forward 
and back.&nbsp; While the downward leg-thrust is still the most powerful segment of the 
cycle we get much more total power per revolution&nbsp;than in,&nbsp;for example,&nbsp;a recumbent 
bicycle design,&nbsp;where the muscles above the hips are not able to contribute very 
much.&nbsp; The superiority of this arrangement was one of the discoveries we made 
during our year of experimentation."
      
              
        The plastic body harness was flexible through      
              
        the      
              
        midsection, allowing the girl to 
bend her torso&nbsp;to and fro&nbsp;as her feet went round in their little 
circle.&nbsp; This not only allowed her&nbsp;tummy and back muscles&nbsp;to work, but 
also freed her hips to align with the up-and-down strokes of her legs, increasing 
their power.&nbsp;&nbsp;Mark watched as the crankshaft rotated, and&nbsp;the female piston's&nbsp;prominent abdominals 
alternately tightened and relaxed while her torso curled forward and back.&nbsp; It appeared that Brandon's 
arrangement did indeed&nbsp;utilize every possible muscle to its utmost.
         
       
         
       
            
       
             
       
          But         
       
         
       
            
       
             
       
          Mark also 
noticed how the girl's prolonged training in this one,&nbsp;strictly&nbsp;limited motion&nbsp;had reshaped her body from that of a&nbsp;typical well-balanced athlete.&nbsp; 
Where they were visible above and below her padded plastic belt,&nbsp;her rippling stomach 
muscles looked like a body builder's; her quads and calves&nbsp;were huge and 
sharply defined.&nbsp; But Brandon had focused&nbsp;her&nbsp;exercise monomaniacally on the muscle groups 
necessary for&nbsp;her new role as a piston in his engine.&nbsp; Meanwhile&nbsp;the muscles along the 
sides of the girl's torso, hips,&nbsp;and thighs had atrophied with disuse, 
so that her&nbsp;figure was&nbsp;oddly narrowed.&nbsp;&nbsp;Adding to this effect was&nbsp;her almost complete lack of body fat: 
even her modest breasts hung flaccid on her chest.
         
       
         
       
            
       
             
       
            
                   
             
            
           
              
       In her specialized role,&nbsp;the 
remodeled Karissa Myles certainly appeared to be very powerful.&nbsp; But for all its strength her 
new body appeared not so much athletic as vaguely...non-human.
         
       
            
                   
             
            
           
              
           
               
             "Once we'd acquired a well-matched 
set of&nbsp;suitable females&nbsp;and designed an appropriate arrangement for them, the main problem 
we faced was getting them all to work together in close synchronization.&nbsp; 
It helped that the girls had been trained to work in concert and at a 
precise pace.&nbsp; But in a rowing shell they all pulled together; in the XX4 the 
FPUs would work in sequence.&nbsp; We knew all along that&nbsp;the key would 
be computer control, but getting the details right required more         
       
            
                   
             
            
           
              
           
               
        experimentation."
       The screen now showed 
images of a brown-haired rower, armless&nbsp;and&nbsp;clad only in&nbsp;a pair 
of hi-rise latex panties, strapped&nbsp;into&nbsp;the padded&nbsp;seat of 
a type of exercise machine.&nbsp; Her feet were raised in a pair of pedals, 
and wires dangled from points all over her legs and abdomen.&nbsp; While lights flashed 
on a machine in the background, her legs pumped jerkily against 
the pedals.&nbsp; Her movements were spasmodic and uneven; she looked as though she were in 
the grip of a seizure rather than exercising.&nbsp; Like all the clips 
this one was soundless, but the pinched face, gaping mouth, and straining muscles 
along her throat suggested that&nbsp;this had been a noisy session.
         
       
            
                   
             
            
           
              
           
               
                    
            
                  
       
            
                   
             
            
           
              
           
               
                 
            
              
           
             
           
          
             
             
 "First we tried direct control of their key muscle 
groups, by means of electrodes implanted under the skin.&nbsp; But we found that 
the nervous system of a trained athlete is much more efficient and 
subtle&nbsp;in controlling its own movements than any artificial system we could 
devise.&nbsp; So we redesigned the computer system in the XX4,         
       
            
                   
             
            
           
              
           
               
                    
            
                  
       
            
                   
             
            
           
              
           
               
                 
            
              
           
             
           
          
             
             
 which we call the governor,&nbsp;to guide the FPUs' 
efforts rather than control them directly.&nbsp; We removed the implanted electrodes 
and replaced them with the adhesive pads you see decorating Miss Myles.&nbsp; 
Each FPU is wired with about four dozen of these electrodes, which 
have two functions: the white pads&nbsp;monitor the exertion of individual muscles,&nbsp;while the red ones&nbsp;administer 
mild to moderate shocks as necessary to correct errors in form or         
       
            
                   
             
            
           
              
           
               
        timing."
         
       
            
                   
             
            
           
              
           
               
                    
            
                  
       
            
                   
             
            
           
              
           
               
                 
            
              
           
             
           
          
             
             
         
       A scene similar to 
the previous one played on the screen, though there had been changes 
to the electronic equipment and wiring.&nbsp; A mouth-filling air cleaner had appeared 
in the girl's mouth.&nbsp; Her motions on the machine were much smoother now, as 
she pressed the heavy iron weights up and down in a steady         
       
            
                   
             
            
           
              
           
               
        rhythm.
         
       
            
                   
             
            
           
              
           
               
                    
            
                  
       
            
                   
             
            
           
              
           
               
                 
            
              
           
             
           
          
             
             
 "The other key input for the&nbsp;governor comes from 
pressure sensors located in the FPU's foot pedals.&nbsp; These sense the amount 
of force she's applying at each point in her stroke, information that the system 
uses to determine where, when, and how powerfully to encourage her 
efforts.&nbsp; In its final version the XX4's drive governor is         
       
            
                   
             
            
           
              
           
               
                    
            
                  
       
            
                   
             
            
           
              
           
               
                 
            
              
           
             
           
          
             
             
 a highly flexible and efficient&nbsp;control system that we         
       
            
                   
             
            
           
              
           
               
                    
            
                  
       
            
                   
             
            
           
              
           
               
                 
            
              
           
             
           
          
             
             
 feel can extract nearly every ounce of power 
that our FPUs are able to produce.&nbsp; Elite competitive athletes, like 
Miss Myles here, are often headstrong and&nbsp;can be&nbsp;difficult subjects for traditional pony 
training,&nbsp; But the electronic governor quickly proved irresistible.&nbsp; Within a few weeks, 
the early portion of which was devoted to fine tuning the system, the four 
FPUs were developing good individual form while beginning to work well in         
       
            
                   
             
            
           
              
           
               
        sequence."
         
       
            
                   
             
            
           
              
           
               
                    
            
                  
       
            
                   
             
            
           
              
           
               
                 
            
              
           
             
           
          
             
             
       The screen 
showed all four harnessed piston-girls together - each varying slightly in 
features and coloration, but&nbsp;closely matched in stature and unnatural physique&nbsp;- and suspended 
in a row above a turning crankshaft.&nbsp; Their legs pumped in sequence 
as they drove a flywheel connected to a device that measured their output of 
power.&nbsp; On the control panel gauges jumped and lights flashed red and         
       
            
                   
             
            
           
              
           
               
        green.
         
       
            
                   
             
            
           
              
           
               
                 
            
              
           
             
           
          
   "After eighteen months of rigorous training on the final version 
of the XX4, the FPUs were able to maintain proper form at very 
high levels of stress, while we could control their 
pace with a precision of 1/4 of a revolution per minute.&nbsp; 
It was time to take the XX4 out of the&nbsp;training&nbsp;hangar&nbsp;and into the 
field.&nbsp; For our speed trials I chose the dry lakebed of Takungaya, 
in East Africa.&nbsp; The hard flat terrain was ideal for our purposes, and the 
remote location promised fewer security headaches than more familiar sites such as         
       
            
                   
             
            
           
              
           
               
        Bonneville...."
"Unnhhh         
       
            
                   
             
            
           
              
           
               
                  
            
           
           
            
            
             
             
   ....aah.....Oh,&nbsp;that's a         
       
            
                   
             
            
           
              
           
               
                  
            
           
           
            
            
             
             
 good&nbsp;girl, Candy.&nbsp; You're daddy's good         
       
            
                   
             
            
           
              
           
               
        girl."
"Gulp......hee hee!" &nbsp; The happy couple seated behind 
Mark interrupted again, the male voice lowered out of consideration for the 
rest of the audience but the pink bimbo as loud and grating as ever.&nbsp; 
"Thank you daddy...thhhppp...   
                 
       
            
                   
             
            
           
              
           
               
                  
            
           
           
            
            
             
             
   Can we fuck         
       
            
                   
             
            
           
              
           
               
        now?"
         
       
            
                   
             
            
           
              
           
               
                  
            
           
           
            
            
             
             
          
       
            
                   
             
            
           
              
           
               
                  
            
           
           
            
            
             
             
         
               
          "No, I'm still watching the movie.&nbsp; Stay 
down there, put it back in your mouth.&nbsp; No sucking, just hold it in those 
big, pretty lips daddy bought you....Yes, that's it,         
       
            
                   
             
            
           
              
           
               
                  
            
           
           
            
            
             
             
          
       
            
                   
             
            
           
              
           
               
                  
            
           
           
            
            
             
             
         
               
         that's&nbsp;a 
good girl.&nbsp; Now be patient and we'll go see the ponies soon."&nbsp; With 
his bimbo pacified, the man raised his voice         
       
            
                   
             
            
           
              
           
               
                  
            
           
           
            
            
             
             
 slightly in general apology: "Sorry,         
       
            
                   
             
            
           
              
           
               
        gentlemen."
         
       
            
                   
             
            
           
              
           
               
                  
            
           
           
            
            
             
             
                    
       
            
                   
             
            
           
              
           
               
                  
            
           
           
            
            
             
             
            
       
            
                   
             
            
           
              
           
               
                  
            
           
           
            
            
             
             
          While 
this exchange had gone on the theater's screen had been displaying images 
of Brandon's team unloading their equipment from a trio of cargo planes at the 
site of their record attempt.&nbsp; A time lapse sequence showed a village of white tents 
springing up in seconds, and the assembly of the 
XX4.&nbsp; The crankshaft, piston-frames, and running gear&nbsp;were carried in a lightweight chassis of 
bright aluminum beams.&nbsp; An inclined plastic seat&nbsp;and some control equipment were hung 
at one end, between&nbsp;two of the man-high, delicately thin spoked wheels.&nbsp; 
After the four naked, harnessed pistons were mounted, a fairing of 
aluminized mylar stretched over a gossamer frame of black tubes was lowered over 
the whole contraption.&nbsp; The featureless silver teardrop from         
       
            
                   
             
            
           
              
           
               
                  
            
           
           
            
            
             
             
 the film's opening moments had         
       
            
                   
             
            
           
              
           
               
        returned.
         
       
            
                   
             
            
           
              
           
               
                  
            
           
           
            
            
             
             
     As the commotion behind 
Mark died down, Brandon's voice could be heard again.&nbsp; "With its narrow 
wheelbase and large side profile the XX4 is very sensitive to 
crosswinds, so we&nbsp;made our runs at&nbsp;dawn         
       
            
                   
             
            
           
              
           
               
                  
            
           
           
            
            
             
             
 when the desert air was         
       
            
                   
             
            
           
              
           
               
        quietest."
         
       
            
                   
             
            
           
              
           
               
                  
            
           
           
            
            
             
             
           
       
            
                   
             
            
           
              
           
               
                  
            
           
           
            
            
             
             
  The         
       
            
                   
             
            
           
              
           
               
                  
            
           
           
            
            
             
             
           
       
            
                   
             
            
           
              
           
               
                  
            
           
           
            
            
             
             
  images on the screen now shifted quickly, 
between views obtained from several cameras both inside and outside the 
experimental vehicle.&nbsp; Mark was surprised to see that once the sky brightened, the 
silver mylar skin appeared transparent from within.&nbsp; The impression from 
inside the craft was of an open, skeletal structure gliding windlessly across&nbsp;the barren 
landscape, which was dimmed as though viewed through sunglasses.&nbsp; This 
property of the mylar, Mark realized, made a         
       
            
                   
             
            
           
              
           
               
                  
            
           
           
            
            
             
             
 clear windshield for the driver         
       
            
                   
             
            
           
              
           
               
        unnecessary.
         
       
            
                   
             
            
           
              
           
               
                  
           
           
         
           
              
             
            
        
           
        Mark lost track 
of Brandon's narration for a while, as he marvelled at the images of the 
former ponymaster's machine in operation.&nbsp;&nbsp;In a view&nbsp;looking back from behind the 
driver's head the interior of the cramped vehicle&nbsp;seethed with&nbsp;activity as legs 
pumped, the crankshaft turned&nbsp; and wheels spun while wires and hoses bounced in time 
with the motion of the four hard-working         
       
            
                   
             
            
           
              
           
               
        pistons.
         
       
            
                   
             
            
           
              
           
               
                  
  By her blonde buzz cut Karissa Myles could be 
identified in the position immediately behind the driver.&nbsp; The FPUs crowded 
shoulder-to-shoulder behind her were darker haired, but their similarly 
trained bodies were virtually indistinguishable from one another.&nbsp; Their faces, mostly 
hidden by&nbsp;plastic straps and blackened goggles&nbsp;over their eyes,&nbsp;were all in a row facing&nbsp;to the 
driver's right.&nbsp;&nbsp;The FPUs' heads barely moved with their efforts, being held securely in 
position by the heavy&nbsp;elastic straps that stretched from above their ears to 
the&nbsp;uppermost frame member an inch above their crowns.&nbsp; 
At full extension&nbsp;their toes were&nbsp;scant inches from the ground that slipped 
past the transparent floor of the XX4, and when their legs 
bent on the upward stroke their knees and heels almost brushed the tissue-thin skin 
of the narrow craft.&nbsp; Fastened to the frames here and there 
were black boxes&nbsp;upon which&nbsp;LEDs glowed green or flashed red, and small 
gas bottles from which thin plastic tubes ran to fittings on the FPUs' air 
cleaners.&nbsp; Other tubes led directly up their         
       
            
                   
             
            
           
              
           
               
        noses.
         
       
            
                   
             
            
           
              
           
               
                  
           
           
         
           
              
             
            
        
           
           
             The 
external views of the sleek silver craft gliding across the eerie 
terrain contrasted starkly with the&nbsp;furious activity inside its cramped&nbsp;interior.&nbsp; It took 
several shifts back and forth between the cameras for a viewer to accept that 
they presented simultaneous views of the same         
       
            
                   
             
            
           
              
           
               
        vehicle.
         
       
            
                   
             
            
           
              
           
               
         "Finally..."         
       
            
                   
             
            
           
              
           
               
         the word brought Mark's attention back to Brandon's         
       
            
                   
             
            
           
              
           
               
         narration.&nbsp; "We worked out these inevitable teething         
       
            
                   
             
            
           
              
           
               
        problems and were ready&nbsp;for the event that we'd 
been working toward for three years: the official speed 
trial, timed by representatives of the Society Records         
       
            
                   
             
            
           
              
           
               
        Committee..."
         
       
            
                   
             
            
           
              
           
               
            The XX4 sat motionless under a colorful 
dawn sky.&nbsp;&nbsp;Through the vehicle's transparent skin a camera looked over 
the driver's shoulder         
       
            
                   
             
            
           
              
           
               
           and out at the surreal 
vista.&nbsp; In the far distance the flat&nbsp;white lakebed&nbsp;met 
the         
       
            
                   
             
            
           
              
           
               
        descending ranks of craggy dark peaks; in the foreground the 
driver's hands could be seen anxiously&nbsp;gripping the narrow handlebars that steered his 
ship.&nbsp; The thin black tube that defined the craft's leading edge&nbsp;appeared as 
a&nbsp;vertical bar dividing the distant         
       
            
                   
             
            
           
              
           
               
        horizon.
"Tire pressure.....check.....guidance.....check.....governor.....check.....FPU 
vitals..... check, starting O2 ...."&nbsp; The words           
            
           
 passed between the XX4&nbsp;and its&nbsp;support team via radio.&nbsp; The raspy electronicized 
voice of the driver could be recognized as that of Pritchard Brandon.&nbsp; While he worked 
through the checklist with his support team his gloved hands could be seen touching 
buttons on two small panels that hung before him.&nbsp; The one on the right 
included a small LCD screen that displayed four animated blips, a graphic representation 
of the four hearts that beat in harness a few feet behind his 
head.
"OK, Mr. Brandon,&nbsp;you're&nbsp;go for the timed 
run.&nbsp; Good luck!......Thanks! OK, throttle up  ..."&nbsp; Brandon's right hand twisted the grip of 
his handlebar.&nbsp; The view forward from the driver's seat&nbsp;shrank into 
a corner of the screen, most of which was taken over by the interior view looking\back down the row 
of FPUs.
  Red LEDs flashed throughout the engine compartment and 
with slight bucks in their harnesses the four pistons pressed on their 
pedals.&nbsp; The blonde in the lead position started with  a slow downstroke, while&nbsp;those behind her 
began by raising their feet or swinging them forward or back.&nbsp; As their 
pace built over several revolutions Mark saw that the pistons fired 
in a 1-3-2-4 sequence, with their&nbsp;crank angles&nbsp;varied by ninety degrees so that one 
was always pressing downwards in the most powerful segment of her cycle.&nbsp; Just 
as the last piston in line was reaching full extension 
and swinging her feet backwards, the leader was beginning another downward stroke.
"10km per hour...Tracking straight, running smooth..... 
Great, looking good at our end,&nbsp;you are&nbsp;3.9km to mark 1..."
         
           
      Brandon         
           
    called out the building speed in 
10-kilometer-per-hour&nbsp;increments while his support team chattered 
back with technical jargon and distance-to-goal.&nbsp; In the theater 
the audience could see when the driver shifted gears, as the&nbsp;pace 
of pumping knees and&nbsp;thrusting hips&nbsp;behind him&nbsp;built gradually from slow to frenetic then&nbsp;dropped suddenly, 
only to immediately begin building again.&nbsp; All the while the machine's big skinny 
wheels spun faster and faster, until the smooth lakebed below was blurred 
by speed.
         
           
          
      
         
           
             
   A second small image appeared at another corner of the 
screen, showing an external view of the silver apparition sliding across the 
desolate landscape.
"50kph.....3.2 to mark,&nbsp;on schedule, on the 
ball..."
Wires and hoses flopped inside the XX4 as the spindly-framed craft shuddered when Brandon upshifted 
again, and his pistons' pace dropped from 80 rpm to 40 before slowly 
building again.
"70 -&nbsp; FPU rates coming up..." &nbsp; On&nbsp;his  
  monitor&nbsp;the four blips wiggled excitedly; behind him in the engine 
room a sheen of perspiration had appeared on the pumping legs and flexing 
torsos.
 "Still well within the green.&nbsp; Acceleration on 
schedule..................80kph....2.4km to 
mark..............90......2.1 to mark 1 and on the ball&nbsp;- we're 
keeping an eye on Number Two, sir, she's coming up a little fast...."
       Except for brief red flashes during the gear shifts the dozens of LEDs in 
the&nbsp;FPU compartment&nbsp;had glowed almost solid green since shortly after the run 
had started.&nbsp; Now&nbsp;several of the tiny lamps began to   flicker.&nbsp; On the driver's monitor the number&nbsp;next 
to&nbsp;the second dancing blip had increased to 144.&nbsp; Brandon shifted gears one more time.&nbsp; 
In the external view the flat lakebed blurred into a seamless white 
carpet beneath the shining craft; a slight shimmer of 
wind played across its delicate skin.
"I see it, it's OK, she's always the jumpy 
one....coming up on a round number, gentlemen - there it is, 100, running 
smooth and tracking straight.....100 kilometers per 
hour&nbsp;at 1.4km to mark, square on the ball.....Call out 1.0 to 
mark....Yes, 
sir.......106 - I seem to recall that's an important number?.....Yes, congratulations 
Mr. Brandon, the XX4 now holds the unofficial record for female-powered 
speed....Unofficial, eh? Give me two more minutes and...Excuse 
me sir, you're 1.0 to mark 1....Right, going to afterburners..."          
              
            
         
     
Brandon's voice had risen&nbsp;with his excitement.&nbsp; 
Now his&nbsp;left hand reached up and punched a button.&nbsp; Behind 
him an LED flashed on the regulator of a small gas bottle.
"Sir, the surgeon is advising against the boost for 
this run, says Number Two is running hot....Thank him for his advice, John, 
we're going to make every run as though it were our last..."
Seconds after Brandon&nbsp;opened the remote valve, all 
four heart rates on his monitor jumped.&nbsp; The second number on his screen 
rose to&nbsp;172 and glowed yellow.&nbsp; Behind him a few of the LEDs nearest 
the second churning FPU began to flash red, while green lamps flickered up and down 
the line.
"Wow, what a kick in the pants, the girls really love 
that stuff -110kph.....0.9 to 
mark.............120...0.7 and on the 
ball..............................130....0.4 on the 
ball.............................140 
 .....0.1, and - you're 
on the clock!"
 The black line across the desert that marked where the official time 
began to run was barely visible as it flashed beneath the 
speeding XX4.&nbsp; In the silver machine's engine room&nbsp;the four pistons&nbsp;strained furiously&nbsp;against their pedals, flinging drops of sweat against 
the transparent walls of their craft as&nbsp;each pair of knees rose and 
fell almost one and a half times per second.&nbsp; Red LEDs 
flickered up and down the line now, as the electronic governor administered its 
targeted shocks liberally&nbsp;in an attempt to keep the FPUs in proper form at this 
unsustainable level of exertion.&nbsp; The numbers on the little 
monitor read 175, 195, 180, 184, all yellow with the second figure 
flashing into the red.
"145!.....0.6 to mark 2, Number Two is in 
the red at 201, sir.....I see it, dammit, come on, come on!&nbsp; 
150kph!.....       
                     
            
           
             
             Copy 
your one-fifty, and - you're through the timed run 
at an average of 144 kilometers per hour.&nbsp; A new record by 
almost 40, Mr. Brandon!"
       
                     
            
           
             
              
  A second black line had flashed below 
the XX4's spinning wheels.&nbsp; But Brandon's right hand did not relax its 
grip on the throttle.
          
            
           
             
              
         
     "I say again, sir, you're through the 
timed portion at 144."
"She's still accelerating, John, they have 
more..."          
            
           
             
              
         
            
   
          
            
           
             
      The engine room of the XX4 was&nbsp;a blur&nbsp;of 
writhing forms and flashing lights, mostly red now, all seen          
            
           
             
      through a lens that had begun to fog 
from the steam that rose from the four churning 
bodies.&nbsp; In the external view the silver skin of the craft began 
to ripple with vibrations.
          
            
           
             
      "Sir, FPUs Three and Four are in the 
red at 200 and 198, Number Two is&nbsp;at&nbsp;212 and 
her output is dropping - the surgeon advises in the strongest terms 
to shut down now."
          
            
           
             
              
               There was a          
            
           
             
              
       pause in 
the audio while the XX4 continued to hurtle forward.&nbsp; Then Brandon reached 
up&nbsp;and began flicking switches.
"Copy that, boost off, throttle down, clutch 
open."&nbsp;Amidst&nbsp;flashes of red light the wild 
exertions behind him slowed quickly to&nbsp;an idling pace of 30 revolutions per minute, while the XX4 continued 
to roll along under its own momentum.&nbsp; For a moment Brandon's voice 
carried a note of dissatisfaction, but he brightened quickly.&nbsp; "Did you say 144 officially?&nbsp; I had 
a flash here of 153 but I think that was after we were completely through the 
timed run.&nbsp; We need a longer run-up before we hit the timer, John.&nbsp; 
We have to do this again tomorrow with a 5km run-up, maybe 6."          
            
           
             
              
         
            
   
          
            
           
    "Very          
            
           
 good sir.&nbsp; The surgeon wants you to&nbsp;keep flowing&nbsp;O2 and&nbsp;roll in as soon 
as possible, he's concerned that Number Two is still irregular."&nbsp; On Brandon's monitor all 
the numbers had dropped back into the yellow except 
for the second figure, which flashed red as it jumped from 203 
to 120 to 180.
"OK, coming home."  &nbsp; Brandon turned 
has handlebars gently to the right, and the XX4 coasted through a slow, 
sweeping turn back to the base camp.&nbsp; Then the trio of images faded out, replaced 
by images of Brandon being helped out of his cramped cockpit and 
congratulated under a blue desert          
            
           
             
              
  sky.&nbsp; Behind him crewmembers rushed about tending 
to his machine, and its engine.&nbsp; Brandon's narration resumed while the celebrations 
continued on the screen.
"In the XX4's first officially timed run we bettered the previous female speed record, set by 
an American cyclist, by nearly forty percent.&nbsp; And we proved we can 
go even faster.&nbsp; But unfortunately this&nbsp;was to be the only officially 
timed run we made during&nbsp;this visit to Lake Takungaya.&nbsp; Our team surgeon 
advised that the FPUs needed a minimum of&nbsp;72 hours to recover from 
their efforts before making another attempt.&nbsp; While they rested the 
weather changed, the breeze picking up to speeds that made our afternoons in 
the desert more comfortable, but&nbsp;might have proved fatal&nbsp;in the light and narrow 
XX4 at over 150 km/h.&nbsp;          
            
           
             
              
  We waited several more days for the 
weather to change again but at last other commitments&nbsp;forced us to break 
camp for the season."
 "But we continue to tune our machine, and&nbsp;train its 
pistons, and will return next year to apply what we've learned&nbsp;and push 
our mark even higher.&nbsp; I think the next news you hear of the XX4 may be 
that it          
            
           
             
              
  has achieved an official speed of 161 
km/h over a measured kilometer, which for our American friends means one 
hundred miles per hour."
The triumphant scenes from Africa faded          
            
           
             
              
  out to be replaced by Brandon again 
in the cavernous shop, surrounded by what could now be recognized as 
components of the XX4.
 "Thank you for joining me! I hope you enjoyed our 
little presentation.&nbsp; If you see me out in the paddock or about the Expo 
booths, please say hello.&nbsp; Now, please exit via the side curtains, where 
you can get a closer&nbsp;look at&nbsp;Miss Myles and those bits and pieces of 
the XX4 that we were able to bring along.&nbsp; I hope you enjoy the rest of the 
Expo!"&nbsp; At last          
            
           
             
              
  the image of the famous entrepreneur faded 
to black, and a few white-lettered credits flickered across the screen before 
the house lights brightened.
     With a 
murmur and scattered claps&nbsp;the audience rose and moved toward the harnessed 
FPU, and&nbsp;the wheel she turned.&nbsp; Slowly they filed past on their way out of the 
tent, gawking at the heavily modified woman and&nbsp;the carefully engineered apparatus 
of which she was a component.&nbsp; Now and then a face would glance down at 
photos and other relics of the African adventure, of which 
Brandon&nbsp;had made a&nbsp;little display.&nbsp; Mark hung back near          
            
           
             
              
  his seat, waiting for the crowd to 
thin out so he could get an unrushed look at the live 
portion of the exhibit.
"Oh, that poor girl," Candy the bimbo said with apparent 
empathy as her escort towed her past the FPU.&nbsp; "They haven't made her 
pretty and she doesn't look happy at all.&nbsp; I wonder when&nbsp;she gets to 
fuck?&nbsp; That always makes me happy."
"I don't know that she does, Candy," the&nbsp;slut's 
companion replied.&nbsp; "That's not her job."
"No fucking?&nbsp; But, that'd be awful!&nbsp; You'd 
never give me a job like that, would you daddy?"
"Hmmmm, you're a tall, fit girl&nbsp;- you'd probably 
make a fine FPU..."
"No, daddy!" Candy squealed, her overfilled 
tits bobbing as she stopped short and raised a hand to her puffy lips in 
fright.&nbsp; "Please don't&nbsp;tease me!"
    "Well, as long as you're a good girl 
we won't talk about it anymore.&nbsp; Just remember, you're a very lucky girl.&nbsp; 
Some girls don't have it nearly as good."
 "Oh, I know, daddy, I know....and I'll be good, 
you'll see."&nbsp; Smiling again, the FPU already forgotten, Candy 
slipped&nbsp;her hand down her man's trouser front as he&nbsp;guided her out 
of the tent with a hand on her bottom.
When the last of the audience had filed out Mark stepped 
forward to examine the FPU at close range.&nbsp; The Brandon Industries 
employee&nbsp;who'd first appeared opening the curtain was making some checks 
and adjustments&nbsp;of her harness and wiring.&nbsp; He was a&nbsp;slim, 
crew-cut man in his twenties, dressed in khaki trousers and a white polo shirt 
that bore the "BI" logo.&nbsp; While he worked the FPU continued her steady, 
powerful stroke, and the flywheel went on spinning.
"Brandon makes it sound like it's all fun and glory," Mark opened, "but there must be 
some real&nbsp;headaches with taking care of a female in this condition."
  "Oh, it's not too bad," the&nbsp;man  replied  in an easy drawl.&nbsp; "At first you had to 
watch their feet, with some of them.&nbsp; A kick from one of these gals could 
break your leg! &nbsp;But we don't get much trouble anymore, they're pretty well 
tamed."
"What about hygiene?&nbsp; Any special concerns?"
   "Well,  they're not exactly low maintenance, but Mr. 
Brandon and his people have come up with some things that make a 
groom's life easier.&nbsp; The FPUs have all been plumbed so there aren't usually&nbsp;any messes to 
clean up - we just drain and&nbsp;purge 'em on 
a regular schedule."&nbsp; Looking down Mark noted a white 
plastic fitting that protruded just below the FPU's&nbsp;rhythmically flexing&nbsp;butt cheeks.&nbsp; "Monthlies 
are no problem, because the FPUs have all been spayed."
         
          
              
         
               
          
              
               
      "We had kind of a funny problem&nbsp;in that 
area&nbsp;with one of&nbsp;the other units&nbsp;- Number Three I think it was."&nbsp; The groom grinned as he 
recalled the story, warming to Mark as 
he recognized the sincere&nbsp;interest this visitor showed in his duties.&nbsp; "It 
seemed like she was gettin' off on her crotch strap.&nbsp; At 
high revs she would get all gooey down there, and sometimes&nbsp;on long runs&nbsp;her breathin' 
would get out of rhythm and her power output drop way off.&nbsp; It's somethin' I'd seen 
before in cart ponies but we were a little surprised to 
run into it on the XX4.&nbsp; She was a good worker otherwise, though, so when the 
Doc came to take their babymakers Mr. Brandon said just get rid of 
all that stuff.&nbsp;&nbsp;Lips, clits,&nbsp;tunnels - Doc just trimmed all that out.&nbsp;&nbsp;Then before he sealed 'em 
up he stuck plastic props up inside there,&nbsp;these white 
bottle-shaped things, to fill in some of the empty 
space.&nbsp; Ran their pee out through their butts so we only 
have one fitting to worry about for their daily purge."
         
          
              
         
               
          
              
               
              
                
       
           
           
              
          "Doc took care of all the 
FPUs that way, not just Number Three.&nbsp; Mr. Brandon is always 
keen on&nbsp;preventin' problems before&nbsp;they pop up, and we shaved about twenty pounds off the total weight 
of the XX4.&nbsp; The&nbsp;honchos in the rules committee said they didn't need those 
bits&nbsp;anyway - as long as the FPUs have the two X genes they count as 
females for the record.&nbsp; I'd show you where this 
one's pussy used to be if that crotch strap 
wasn't carryin' half her weight - she's smooth as a doll 
down there, just a white scar about six inches long."
         
             
               
         
         
           
 Mark raised his eyebrows and nodded at Brandon's ingenuity.
          "Once 
their bottoms are fixed and plumbed," the groom continued, "the mouth is really the 
biggest worry.&nbsp; I've&nbsp;seen bad tooth problems and worse in 
pony-mouths, and even before it gets to that point&nbsp;they can get to smellin' awful.&nbsp; Mr. 
Brandon solved all that with a new gag setup."&nbsp;&nbsp;He reached up and 
with a twist popped off the FPU's air cleaner, giving Mark a view of 
the mouth-stopper underneath.&nbsp; It was tan plastic,&nbsp;most of its diameter taken up 
by a round hole through which air rushed alternately in and out.
      
            
             
            
               
     "He&nbsp;fixed      
            
             
            
               
     the biggest cause of trouble&nbsp;by havin' 
all their teeth pulled.&nbsp; Then before their gums closed Doc planted a couple 
of stainless steel pins in the tooth sockets,&nbsp;that hold the lower jaw 
at just the right distance from the upper.&nbsp; You don't want to give a      
            
             
            
               
     pony -&nbsp;or an FPU -&nbsp;too&nbsp;big of a gag, you know.&nbsp; If you push 
the lower jaw down too far you pinch the windpipe.&nbsp; The pins are in 
for good, but this plastic mouthpiece you see gets popped out once a month 
for cleanin'.&nbsp; If you could see the whole thing it'd be two 
parts: there's this big curved flange that fits behind the lips and then 
a tube that slides back between the jaw pins and on top of the tongue.&nbsp; 
After&nbsp;her monthly&nbsp;cleanin' the mouthpiece goes back in, and we inject some expandin' 
foam that fills her mouth up real good around it so we get a good seal, 
and there's no room for microbes or whatever to grow.&nbsp; See, you can see some of it pokin' 
out here..."&nbsp; The groom peeled back the FPU's lip to reveal some of the orange-yellow 
stuff, like soft foam-rubber, that puffed out her cheeks.&nbsp; "The foam has 
some kind of antiseptic mixed into it,&nbsp;Doc says.&nbsp; Whatever, it does a great job 
with the germs -&nbsp;we haven't had any problems with infections or even 
odors since we started using it.&nbsp; Can't speak for the taste, though."
           
               
            
              
           "It's important to have a           
               
            
              
           good 
seal?"&nbsp; As a true pony buff, Mark was relishing the detailed information.
             
                          
              
                
            
            
              
             
        "Oh, yeah, we have to have a good seal so we can control 
her             
                          
              
                
            
            
              
             
        breathin'.&nbsp; If you take a look you can see her nose is plugged, 
too." Mark bent close, putting his head above the FPU's pumping knees.&nbsp; Looking up he 
saw a pair of rubber stoppers in her nostrils, from which dissimilar 
steel fittings projected.&nbsp; "Mr. Brandon figured out with his experiments that proper breathin' is a 
big deal if you want to get&nbsp;top power out of 
an FPU.&nbsp; The valve on the air             
                          
              
                
            
            
              
             
        cleaner is run by the computer and 
only lets her inhale durin' the right part of her stroke, when 
she's pickin' up her feet.&nbsp; Of course we had to plug up her nose 
if the valve over her mouth was gonna do any good.&nbsp; While 
we were there we figured we'd do the pluggin' with somethin' useful."
             
                        
             
                  
                          
              
                
            
            
      "That fittin'&nbsp;to the left&nbsp;is her feedin' tube, and 
the other one to the right we call the nazo port.&nbsp; They come 
in real handy.&nbsp; I've had ponies refuse food sometimes in trainin', but with these FPUs 
it's never been a problem.&nbsp; At feedin' time we measure out their 
rations of calories and protein,&nbsp;and just pump it right in.&nbsp; They get five meals 
a day, to get the calories they need without buildin' up fat.&nbsp; 
The nazo port we use for&nbsp;squirtin' in&nbsp;supplements,&nbsp;and medicines, when we have to."
 Mark nodded again, as he 
wondered to himself what "supplement" had been squirted up the 
FPUs' noses during their record-setting speed trial. 
&nbsp;"How do you keep them when they're not working or training?&nbsp; Do you leave them in those 
harnesses all the time?"
                
               
 "No, not 24/7,                
               
 but they can hang in the frames for a long while.&nbsp; When 
we were at Takungaya we kept 'em in harness for almost                
               
 a week at    one stretch, waitin' for the weather to break 
though it never did.&nbsp; When the shell is off the XX4 we can rotate the FPUs a bit so their weight is carried at 
different spots, and they don't get clots.&nbsp; Number One here is goin' to stay in 
harness for the whole five days of the Expo, until we get back to 
Mr. Brandon's.&nbsp; At the&nbsp;stable when they're not trainin' they go into 
their bunks,&nbsp;we call 'em.&nbsp; Padded boxes - I guess they look sorta like coffins - 
but they're&nbsp;plumbed for&nbsp;air.&nbsp; The bunks are big enough for them to bend a 
little and roll over, but not thrash so much that they can hurt themselves.&nbsp;&nbsp;But 
you know, I could yap about our gals all day but I have&nbsp;a couple of things 
to tend to before the next show..."
        
          
       "Sure, don't let 
me keep you.&nbsp; She's really something, and you&nbsp;obviously keep her&nbsp;in fine condition.&nbsp;&nbsp;Thanks for your 
time!"&nbsp; Reattaching the air cleaner the groom thanked Mark in return 
and went off to work with the projector.
 Mark moved his eyes slowly up the figure of the FPU 
now, taking one last look at the details of her harness and altered body.&nbsp; 
The rubbery black straps around&nbsp;her feet pressed deeply into her heel 
and instep, embedded over the course of uncounted hours spent driving 
Brandon's machines.&nbsp;&nbsp;Between the dozens of&nbsp;adhesive 
electrodes&nbsp;that governed her movement&nbsp;the FPU's lower body and legs were&nbsp;marked 
with tiny white scars, souvenirs of Brandon's experiments with electronic 
control of her muscles.&nbsp; Looking at the padded crotch strap and waist belt 
Mark wondered&nbsp;if&nbsp;the empty plastic bottle that had&nbsp;replaced her 
female organs still caused her pain,&nbsp;as&nbsp;it pressed&nbsp;back and forth inside her when&nbsp;her tightly muscled abdomen 
curled forward and back with each&nbsp;turn of the crank.&nbsp; As 
he considered the shapeless, dangling sacs that might once have 
been C-cup tits, Mark noted small scars at the front of the FPU's armpits.&nbsp;&nbsp;Her 
breasts, he realized, had been liposuctioned, their soft filling pumped out 
to save another pound or two of weight.
          
             
          
                         
         
              
          
           
               
          
             
          
               Finally his gaze rose past the chrome air cleaner that hid the mouth&nbsp;stuffed with&nbsp;bitter antiseptic foam, 
and above the plugged nose that would never again smell a fresh breeze 
off the sea.&nbsp; At last he looked into&nbsp;the dark-rimmed eyes&nbsp;of Female Power Unit # 1.
          
             
          
                         
         
           Her&nbsp;rhythm on the 
machine had not wavered while&nbsp;the groom had poked and probed 
her, turning the heavy flywheel at a steady 30 rpm while 
the two&nbsp;had discussed&nbsp;the cruelties that had been inflicted upon her&nbsp;as though she were senseless, or 
inanimate.&nbsp;          
             
          
               Now, with the groom absent, the former Karissa Myles - college student, champion athlete&nbsp;and Olympic hopeful 
-&nbsp;stared back at Mark with eyes that spoke what her mouth never would.&nbsp; 
She reached out to him with a piteous expression that combined pleading with abject despair.
        Mark had seen 
that look before: desperate slaves sometimes&nbsp;confused the intense interest he displayed 
in their situations with concern, or even pity.&nbsp; He had seen that expression 
often enough in the eyes of ungagged females to know what words went with it.
"Please," said  the eyes of the Fastest Woman 
in the World.&nbsp; " Please kill me."           
 
    Mark answered with a smile, and an encouraging pat on 
her rock-hard buttock as he stepped past her and out of the tent.&nbsp; 
The paddock was bustling now with preparations for the pony parade, and he wanted 
to see&nbsp;how some of the participants were harnessed before the procession began.
           
              
   In           
              
   the tent behind him the big wheel spun on.
           
              
           &nbsp;
           
              
           &nbsp;
           
              
           &nbsp;


Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Benfan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





