BDSM Library - z to Wendi to mine




z to Wendi to mine
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: I meet a couple with a stunning brunnette, a Dana Delaney double, ask me to play.  She gets more than she bargains for, and I end up replacing him in her life. ;>






I got there and they were waiting. She was stunning. No other word for it. Hair up, black pumps, tiny black g-string, and a lovely 'merry widow' type corset, the kind that comes up to the breasts. She looked directly at me. I should say that she's lovely, smart, physically in very good shape, early 30's and self confident. Definitely a chickie with a clue. 

So, she looked me in the eye for a bit. Now this is the first time we're getting together other than a bit of rope at PE in a playful way. I smile and walk over and give her a hug hello, and she's maybe a bit taken aback as now this is real and this is going to happen. It comes up about what's going to happen and he repeats that it's 'whatever I want'. Now, that's pretty open for someone to do with your honey, but I know that my friend who had intro'd us has given them a good picture of me and what I do and how I am, so apparently they, or at least he, is comfy with that. Still, 'whatever I want' is quite the opening. I'm wondering if I should start with my cock in her mouth, just to set a tone you understand.... She's clearly up for a challenge but also is scared, and I see a hint of that. I take him aside, she starts to accompany with his acceptance and I tell her to stay put. She does. We talk, he says it's pretty much open, I don't bring up sex per se deciding to see how things go. Some people take things for granted one way or the other.



She looked so good in the corset that I didn't want to take it off; oh, I forgot the elbow length leather gloves too. Damn she looked hot. But the rope would damage the corset so off it came. 

Some on her upper body, then her arms so they were tied over and behind her head. I then pulled her down so she was leaning backwards, being supported by the rope in my hand, and I then pulled her up in a throwing motion and as she went past me I then pulled on the rope harness making her swivel rapidly and drew her into my chest. Now, this is something I've done before and some women find it exhilarating. She didn't miss a beat and twisted toward me as quickly as I had pulled, and I realized that she's a dancer and a good one. I said so as I continued to push and pull her here and there and she never missed a step. It looked to others that we had prepared it! It was fun and I realized how strong that amazingly perfect ass was.



I wanted to push her, see what she was about. And this was interesting. I suspended her, face up, from her chest, hips, and both legs, at about my hip level. Then I took out a small flogger and started to use it lightly, talking to her and to him to some extent about how the rope can intensify sensation etcetc. she didn't seem to be feeling too much... but it was nice and I was holding her head, cradling her against my chest as I swung the flogger. She had a look of such bliss, she seemed truly happy. It was lovely.... 

I had to ramp it up a bit. I was going to hit her harder anyway and I did, on her ass and legs. She had her arm over her tits as I did this. I told her to move her arm. Knowing what was coming she did, and I hit her breast again and again, paying careful attention to the nipple also. It was amazing, the look on her face, the way she held her arm away so I could hit her, and I interspersed these with blows to her cunt. The cries were luscious.



It was time for a short rest. I wanted to hear how she was doing and it was interesting how she responded, even though it had hurt and at the time she was clearly distressed, she said she was fine, with a smile! I could see that although she was having trouble with some of the intensity, after each part she was glowing. In fact I said so and made her go look in a mirror to see for herself. 

I tied her to a cross, nude. Some flogger, some two handed, some on her ass and some on her back, and she again had trouble. It was clearly hard for her. The look of distress on her face made me wonder, and I talked to her as I continued to hit her. I told her that if she cried that it was ok, that it wouldn't make me stop, that it could stop but she'd have to ask, that crying would not make it stop. This surprised her I think. She did not ask to stop. 

I could have, and in a way wanted very badly, to hurt her and reduce her to tears, to give her that much pain. I had told her 'beauty must be punished' which is something I have come across now and again... 

but I stopped and decided to make things continue, at a different level and changed to a single tail. She had never had that. 

I started with light flicks across her ass, one at a time and then a break, then another and a break... she made no sound as it struck, but small movements of her ass or legs, and perhaps a sharp intake of breath. I made the snap harsher, louder, and the welts began to be more apparent, occasionally a red spot at the point were the tip hit her skin. I made each more rapid, each stroke finding its mark, one after the other, faster and faster.. 

It was quite hard for her. I leaned in and in a moment of realization pursued her thoughts. I said that it wasn't the pain she enjoyed, that it was really quite hard for her, and she said yes, and I followed her to her secret, and said to her that 'for you, it was that I was enjoying it, doing to you as I would, hurting you, that you enjoy.' She almost silently, and quickly, said yes. That thrilled me, rocked me to my core. I wanted to say that I loved her, which I did at that moment, but did not.





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  fotodom


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





