BDSM Library - The Crawl




The Crawl
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Julie is very proficient at tying herself up. Now she has a plan to really test her skills, only to realize when it\'s too late, that she has gotten more than she bargined for!






-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
WARNING! This is adult oriented fiction of a strong sexual nature. If you are under 18 years of age or easily offended by such material, then click your browser's BACK button now. The copyright of this story remains with the author, Night Owl. This posting does not give you the rights to post this on any website without obtaining the author's permission first.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The Crawl
by Night Owl
First Posted: 11/06

(Story Content: F, Self-bondage)


"The best laid plans of mice and men gang aft a gley" - Robert Burns

"Mmmmmmmmmmphhhhhhhh!"

Soft, muffled moans were the only sounds Julie could make through the gag as she strained to wiggle forward another few inches. Rivers of sweat rolled off her naked body. The feeling of total helplessness was overwhelming -- and why wouldn't it be? After all, she had been hogtied in the woods for over an hour now, and there was still a long way to go before she could get to the tree stump and retrieve her escape knife. She stopped for a moment to let her aching muscles rest, and to give her poor breasts some relief from the dried pine needles that covered the forest floor like a blanket in every direction.

"Why on earth did you have to tie yourself up so damn tight?" she thought. "An escape artist couldn't get out of these ropes without that knife, and at the rate you're going, you'll be stuck here all night, out here in the middle of no where!"

-------------------------

As far as anyone knew, Julie Gartner had led a fairly quiet life, working for a small ad agency and spending much of her spare time hiking or camping up in the mountains. She considered self-bondage an unusual, but harmless vice she chose to indulge in, and she was getting quite proficient at tying herself up. First she would bind her legs together with two pieces of nylon rope, then gag her mouth with some cloth, put a vibrator between her legs, and finally, tie her hands behind her back with some more of the rope. She would then lay there naked on her bed, squirming against the ropes to induce the maximum amount of stimulation, while the vibrator worked its own form of magic. Most of the time, she didn't have any trouble undoing the knots when she was finished, and there was always a knife sitting nearby to cut herself loose if necessary. She dated occasionally, but found that most men were unable or unwilling to satisfy her in the same way her orgasms felt during one her private "sessions". It was like being hugged and caressed all over, yet so vulnerable and feminine at the same time. A wonderful fantasy world always awaited her once she was bound and gagged -- and there were few limits to her imagination.

Then about a month ago, Julie took a trip to New York City and happened to pass an adult bookstore while shopping in Manhattan. It wasn't the first time she visited places like these, but this one seemed devoted entirely to the BDSM lifestyle. Being the only attractive blonde there, her presence obviously drew stares from the other patrons. Julie tried her best to ignore them though while she browsed the shelves. There were hundreds of magazines showing heavily bound women, and they actually had displays of gags, handcuffs, costumes and other kinky devices that she had never even seen before. She thought the ball gags looked really sexy, but the outrageous prices prevented her from buying one. She did pick up a "how to" book on bondage ties, read it from cover to cover that evening, and studied each description with great interest. That was when Julie made up her mind that, next time, she was really going to truss herself up like those models in the magazines. She wanted to feel how they felt, to push herself in more challenging and provocative ways, and not just by experimenting with stricter ties. She had an ambitious plan that would allow her to experience the genuine helplessness of being bound in complete isolation, but also out in the open.

Julie set aside one of her vacation days two weeks in advance so there would be enough time to make the necessary preparations. She already had a spot in mind -- a remote, densely wooded area hidden away in the mountains where she used to go camping with her friends. The campsites would most likely be empty this time of year, so she wouldn't be running the risk of getting caught. After all, she only wanted to simulate the danger, not make it a reality! If, by some chance, there were any campers, then Julie knew of a dozen or so hiking trials nearby that she could use if necessary to find the privacy she needed. Every detail was thought out carefully so nothing would go wrong. She even considered trying out the new ties at home first to see how difficult they would be to get out of, then decided against it. That would be TOO easy and defeat the whole purpose of her plan.

When Julie woke up early that morning, it was raining gently outside with a forecast of partly cloudy skies later on in the day and a mild temperature of 78 degrees. Perfect. Warm, rainy days always put her the right mood. She quickly made some coffee, then got out her box of goodies from the closet. Inside there was rope, twine, a scarf to use as a gag, her favorite 8 inch vibrator, and a hunting knife with a serrated blade that would cut through the rope easily. She also added a brand new vibrator she had purchased earlier that week. It had a penis-shaped dildo made of silicone jelly that was heavily textured all around the shaft. It wasn't as big as her other vibrator, being only 5 inches in length, but she knew it would do the job well enough with her legs bound tightly together. She also planned to insert it all the way inside her vagina this time, then leave it there for as long as it took to untie herself, so she didn't want to use anything too big and run the risk of damaging her reproductive organs.

She couldn't help but smile at herself in the mirror as she slipped off her nightgown while thinking of what was to come. Julie never considered herself beautiful, though most anyone would have disagreed. Her pretty blue eyes and long golden hair often drew long stares from men on the street. Her slim, well-tanned figure was still quite supple in its 28th year, thanks to a steady routine of morning jogs and aerobics. She wasn't into getting tattoos like most of her friends, but she did have her navel pierced about two years ago, and the gold ring she wore now complimented her flat tummy quite nicely. She took a quick shower, then shaved her legs and underarms. She even shaved and trimmed away her pubic area so that just a wisp of dark blonde hair remained between her thighs. Julie always did this before tying herself up. Her skin felt so much softer against the ropes, and somehow, it seemed to increase her sense of vulnerability. For the drive up, she decided to wear her sexy, gray tank top, cropped high above her navel (with no bra, of course!), a black thong, and a pair of "very short" cut-off jeans. After a quick breakfast, she placed her bondage gear in a small backpack along with two bottles of water and some insect repellent, then hopped in her Jeep Wrangler and headed west toward the mountains.

The campground was an hour drive from town, and located about 10 miles down an old jeep trail. It was very primitive, with only a dozen or so spots that were roughly cleared away for tents. Julie was pleased to find the whole place deserted, though not surprised, since it was mid-week and well beyond the peak season for camping. She picked the most secluded spot she could find down by the creek. It was perfect for what she had planned. By then the rain had stopped and the sun was just beginning peek though the clouds. She got out of the jeep and raised both arms to pull her long, blond hair back into a ponytail so it wouldn't get in the way. The pine forest had a wonderful damp, sweet smell. The air was clean and crisp. Julie took a deep breath and paused to savor it for a moment. Then she took out the backpack and began her hike down a narrow, rocky trail that ran along the creek.

The comforting, quiet solitude was broken only by the muffled crunch of pine needles and the harsh grinding sounds of fallen acorns under her boots. Angular rays and shadows pierced into the forest like knives as the sun continued its routine rise to the east. She could feel the morning dew settling on her gray top, and since she was wearing no bra underneath, the moist air quickly made her nipples tent outward through the thin cotton material. Her heart was racing now from the anticipation of what was to come. After about a 20-minute hike, the creek left the trail and snaked its way through a large grassy clearing. Just ahead, there was an old tree stump that seemed to be a safe distance from the trail. Julie set the bag down by the stump then scanned the whole area to make sure she was really alone. Seeing nothing, and hearing only drops of water from the recent rainfall gently striking the leaves, she began to remove her clothes. First, she took off her hiking boots and set them behind a bush nearby. Then, she slowly pulled her tank top over her head. The sudden rush of cool air made her nipples tighten even more now that her firm, young breasts were exposed. Next, she unbuttoned her cut-offs and tugged them off, then finally, slipped out of her black thong.

Julie was now standing naked and alone in the shadows with miles and miles of primitive wilderness surrounding her in every direction. She stretched and let out a sigh of contentment, feeling the gentle breeze caressing her nude flesh, but resisted the urge to touch her self, knowing what that would lead to. Her plan was now underway, but there was still a lot of work to be done and the morning was already half gone. She sprayed herself all over with the insect repellent, then took out the hunting knife and placed it on the tree stump. Her clothes were also left behind, folded in a neat pile, along with the 8" vibrator -- just in case she wanted to use it after freeing herself.

Throwing her backpack over one shoulder, she ventured out into the clearing, taking careful steps, until she reached a clump of pine trees surrounding a large rock. This was where it would all start. Julie guessed the clearing to be about 7 yards from where she stood in the trees, then at least another 15 yards out in the open to the tree stump where her knife was placed. The whole distance was only a short walk, but with her arms and legs bound together, it would take at least an hour, most likely two. The thought of subjecting her own body to such torment, made her skin tingle and turn to gooseflesh.

Julie opened her backpack and began taking out coils of rope that she had purchased just for this occasion. She never realized how many types of rope there were, and all of them had their own advantages and disadvantages. After some research, she decided on the Japanese hemp. It measured about 3/8 inches in diameter and had a twisted weave that resembled a barber's pole. The surface of the rope was very rough and when left tightened down across the body for a while, the twists tended to settle in, which prevented the rope from sliding. Then, as an added visual bonus, after the captive was freed, a wonderful zebra stripe pattern would be left on the skin afterwards, courtesy of the rope. Depending on the body type, those lovely patterns could last from 15 minutes to over an hour. Her breath caught as she ran her fingers along the coarse, 'itchy' fibers. She always felt like this before tying herself up. That delicious anticipation. Excitement mixed with guilt. Now this time, there was the possibility of being discovered as well. That could be embarrassing to say the least, if not dangerous! Of course, she had taken precautions against that by finding a secluded spot, but there was still a chance that a hiker might stumble upon her bound body, and with no witnesses, that would put her at the mercy of a complete stranger. Julie was past caring though. All she could hear now were the siren calls of the ropes beckoning her.

She had cut the rope up into varying lengths to use with the plan she had worked out for herself. Julie had never tied her breasts before, so she decided to start there, using a 20-foot piece of rope. She passed it around her, crossing the two ends just above her breasts, then pulled the rope taut behind her back. She now had two bands of 3/8-inch rope fitting snugly around her, filling in the area from the top of her breasts to the bottom of her armpits. She wrapped the remaining length of rope high up on her ribcage and pulled the bands up under her breasts. She then tied the loose ends together in a square knot behind her back. Julie looked down and smiled at the sight of her two breasts sticking out from between the wide bands of coarse rope. Next, she got out two pieces of 1/8-inch twine and put a cinch loop in one end of each length. The twine was made of jute, which also had a scratchy feel against the skin. She put one of the cinch loops around the base of her left breast and pulled the loop tight until it bulged out like a balloon. She then wrapped the rest of the twine round and round the base of her breast, knotting it tight when she got to the other end. In another minute, her right breast was tied the same way.

Julie wished she could see herself in a mirror. Although her breasts hurt some from the tight coils, they looked fantastic from her view. Like most women, she was never quite satisfied with her breast size. But now, with the aid of her ropes, she had a real set of what most men would describe as "jugs". The tightness also made her nipples stand out like bullets. She had never seen, or felt, her nipples so aroused. All Julie had to do now was to secure the larger breast ropes, so she took another piece of twine and pulled it under the bands on the outside of her left breast just under the armpit. She wound the twine around several times, pulling it tightly to draw the ropes above and below her breasts together before tying it off. She did the same to the right breast to balance and cinch on that side. Finally, she tied and cinched the ropes at the point between her breasts. This prevented the larger ropes from slipping, plus added even more tension to her bulging tits.

She then stood up and tied one free end of another rope to the middle of her breast ropes behind her back, and let it dangle down between her legs. Julie had tied two separate knots on this rope the night before, and carefully measured them with her body so they would achieve the effect she desired. She put a thick coat of the jelly on the 5 inch vibrator, then slowly inserted the whole length of it into her pussy. Holding it in with the fingers of one hand, she used the other hand to pull the rope up between her legs, making sure it passed over the base the dildo, and poked it through the middle of her breast ropes in front. She then pulled the rope taut, before tying it off. The dildo was now TIED in her with no way of slipping out. The 'crotch rope' ran down the front of her lower body, between her thighs and buttocks then up to her back, with the first knot positioned right below her clit, and the second pressed firmly against the opening around her asshole. She stood up and used a fairly long piece of rope to tie her waist snugly with about five loops. This kept the crotch rope secured against her body, yet still allowed it to slid up and down a little as she moved. So far, everything had gone as planned.

"Mmmmm, not bad for a rookie!" she thought.

Julie sat down on the rock and went to work on her legs next. She wrapped another length of rope around her ankles five times, using the last couple of feet to make cinch loops in between her ankles. This made the bands quite tight. She liked the feel of tightness. Before she started to bind the rest of her legs, she tied a short piece of rope to the back of the cinch loops on her ankle ropes and let the free end of this lay out to one side on the ground. She then tied wide bands of rope above and below her knees, pulling cinch loops through to tighten them like she had done on her ankles. She looped the free end of a real long piece of rope around her thighs next, pulling it tightly enough to sink the rope in her skin a little. The rest of the rope was then wrapped snug so that the bands were locked in place before cinching it off. Julie tried testing the ropes by moving her legs and found that she couldn't even wiggle them back and forth. She never had her legs tied this tight before. It almost made her come to the point of orgasm, and the vibrator hadn't even been turned on yet!

Julie thought she had better take care of the gag next, since that couldn't be done once she had tied her hands. She folded up a washcloth so it made a wad about two inches thick and two inches wide. This she put in the middle of the thin cotton scarf which was then folded over the wad several times to trap it. Julie knotted the scarf on both sides of the wad so it would be impossible to slip out. She opened her mouth wide and stuffed the wad between her lips. It really packed her mouth completely, so she had to shove it in hard to get the whole wad in. Satisfied that her mouth was now quite thoroughly stuffed, she passed the free ends of the scarf around the back of her head, pulled them as tight as she could, and then knotted it off. She decided to test her gag and yelled as loudly as she could, getting a thoroughly muffled "Mmmmmpppfff!" as the only sound that came out through her tightly packed mouth. She loved the really helpless feeling that being well gagged gave her -- having always used duct tape before and finding it too easy to get off just by licking it. This gag really worked and it was quite impossible to get out without using her hands.

Her next move was to turn on the dildo. She then shoved the battery pack underneath her thigh ropes so it would be totally out of reach. Moving quickly now, she got out two last pieces of rope, both about ten feet long. A slip loop had already been tied in the free end of both pieces, with one of the loops larger than the other. She made sure she could reach both of the ropes behind her by putting one just in back of her left hip, with the other one in back of the right hip. She put her arms in back of her and slipped the large loop up her arms until it was just above the elbows. She then pulled the slack out of the slip loop until her elbows were about three inches apart. She wrapped most of the rest of the rope around her arms above her elbows until there was about three feet of the rope left. She tossed the free end up and over her elbow loops, then repeated this twice more so that she now had three cinch loops over the elbow ropes before pulling the free end and yanking it several times. Julie was naturally flexible and didn't have much trouble making her elbows touch. She tossed it over one more time, letting that loop hang loose enough so that she was able to pass the free end through it. This she then yanked tight. The twisted weave in the rope took care of cinching it securely behind her.

Julie then made two discoveries. The first was that her bound elbows made her breasts jut out even more, making those ropes quite a bit tighter. Her second discovery was that there was no way she could reach the slipknot she had just made. Her elbows were now quite helplessly tied. She sat there for a moment and thought about what she was about to do. Once her wrists were tied, there would be no escape until she got to her knife sitting on the tree stump more than 20 yards away. Her well-planned adventure certainly had its risks, but Julie had put in too much effort in this to back down now. She took a deep breath, then put the slip loop from the last piece of rope over her wrists and pulled it tight. The little friend between her legs was already beginning to sway her attention, so she had to work quickly, using her fingers to loop the rest of the rope around her wrists. Julie had learned from the book, that by making a loop over the top of one wrist, then under the other wrist like an X, she could tie her wrists together quite nicely. Once she got to about two feet of rope left, she passed the free end in between her wrists, then over the ropes. She repeated this three times, pulling out all of the slack after each pass. She made another loop over her wrist ropes, leaving slack so she could pull the free end through. This was then yanked tight, locking the hemp rope into a non-slipping cinch loop. She did this one more time to insure that her wrists would be tied, cinched, and quite impossible to get loose. Julie knew that she was now quite thoroughly tied up, with no way out other than cutting herself loose. Now there was only one more thing to do to make her hogtie complete.

"What the hell," she thought, "this is what you've have been wanting and dreaming about. Go ahead and finish it!"

She turned sideways on the edge of the rock and lowered herself carefully so that her legs were bent beneath her. She fumbled for the free end of the rope she had tied to her ankle ropes earlier and passed it over her wrist ropes then back down to her ankles. The rope was then passed underneath the ankle cinch loops and knotted tightly at her ankles. There was no turning back now! She let herself lean against the rock and slowly slid down the rest of the way to the ground.

Julie lay there on her side for a moment, feeling the beginnings of a truly awesome orgasm building inside her. Never had she come this close to tying herself up so securely. She was bound just as tightly and completely as any bondage magazine model. The ground underneath her was covered with dried pine needles, which created nice 'prickly' effect on that side of her body. She tried arching her back to see if she could reach the knot on her ankles. This only caused the crotch rope to tighten in front of her, pushing the first knot right up into her clit, and that was enough to put her over the edge. She spasmed, screaming into her gag as two back-to-back, earth-shattering orgasms swept through her body. She then had the impulse to roll over so her breasts would be meshed right into the pine needles. In doing so, the weight of her body pushed the vibrator even further into her vagina, and within seconds, she had her third orgasm. Julie was panting and sweating now, and the real struggle hadn't even started yet! She squirmed against her ropes and found that she could not get any slack in her arms at all. In fact, the coils seemed to tighten even more around her as she struggled.

"Girl, you definitely outdid yourself this time."

Julie relaxed for a moment, closed her eyes, and let herself drift off into her fantasy . . .

(Who was the shadowy dark figure that appeared from nowhere and knelt beside her? A man, clothed in black, facial features hidden beneath a concealing mask, had taken her in the middle of the night as she slept in her bed. Hands strong and callused. She was carried roughly over one shoulder from the trunk of his vehicle to some secret place in the mountains, secluded in the shadows where no one would find her. He then ripped off her frilly light nightie and prepared her for her captivity. Yards and yards of perfectly coiled rope were wrapped tightly around her nude body. He showed no mercy and she winced in pain as the coils were pulled tight against her flesh. She knew all pleading was impossible with the gag stuffed so deep in her mouth. The abductor was not interested in her complaints. As she lay there before him, contorted in a miserable heap, he laughed, a hideous sound against her rapid breathing. He was sure that no one knew where they were, her abduction planned and executed in absolute secrecy. He then left her alone in the woods, with promises of what he would do to her when he returned. She could feel the hot perspiration covering her forehead, neck and torso, and her heart pounding with adrenaline. She had only one chance of escape -- a knife he left sitting on a tree stump nearby. The distance seemed impossible to cover, bound the way she was, but she had to try . . .)

Julie began to sidle her way on the ground like she had done a hundred times before, eyes half open, she was now lost completely in her fantasy -- an abduction, ransom desperately hoped for, a madman who was slowly torturing her for the sheer thrill . . .

Suddenly, fear like a jolt of electricity snapped her mind back to reality.

"Oh my God," she thought. "Just HOW am I supposed to move in this thing!"

Julie started to panic. She really couldn't move! She struggled for at least ten minutes and managed to pivot her body in a half circle, but that was all! She never had this much trouble moving in a hogtie before, though she had never been bound up so tightly with her hands and her feet touching her butt at the same time either! She cursed herself and tried to work her hands free again. It was no use. Every coil of rope on her body was ungodly tight with no give at all. Her arms and legs were quite useless. It was like being trapped in a cocoon. Julie didn't have to imagine that she was a captive now, she really was one. She was alone in the mountains, imprisoned in this inescapable hogtie with very little hope of ever being rescued. She kept her eyes closed and attempted to regain her composure. She HAD to find a way reach that knife and cut herself loose.

Once, twice, three more times Julie rolled and twisted on the ground in a desperate attempt to gain her freedom back. She finally managed to generate some forward motion by lying on her stomach and rocking her body from side to side. But even with a great deal of effort, she was only able to move about two inches, while painfully grinding her breasts deeper into the thick carpet of pine needles. This was going to take a lot longer than two hours!

After about 20 minutes, she was really sweating. Salt from her own perspiration burned her eyes. Already, the tightness of her hogtie seemed to be having its effect, and the more she tried to crawl, the hotter she became.

"Well, I wanted discomfort, and now I've got it with a vengeance!"

Her soft muscles ached terribly from the strain, but she continued to inch her way forward. She then tried to roll back on her side to rest her body, and since the vibrator was still buzzing merrily away, she had yet another mind-bending orgasm. Julie threw her head back and whimpered softly into the gag. Every time she moved, it just simply excited her even more as the course rope fibers dug deeper and deeper into her flesh, then whenever she rested, the vibrator took over and BOOM! off she went again.

At least an hour had passed before she finally reached the edge of the grassy clearing. The front of her body was already chaffed and red. However, it was her poor breasts that still took the brunt of the abuse. She had tried several times to crawl on her side to alleviate the pressure, but it was impossible to move that way. She was forced to remain on her stomach, despite the fact that the ground was rubbing her tits raw. Still, that wasn't the worst of it. Julie could tell by the position of the sun that it was already noon, and there would be no shade to protect her once she cleared the trees. That left her with two options -- either lie and wait for the sun to burn off, which could take hours, or continue on in the mid-day heat. She stared at the knife blade gleaming at her from the tree stump. Mocking her. Julie desperately wanted to get herself free before nightfall, so she decided to take her chances and keep going.

Inch by inch, she made her way out to the clearing, then breathed a sigh of relief as the soft, wet grass cooled her burning flesh. Her nipples felt like pin cushions, but at least she was free of those pesky pine needles. Soon her nerves began to calm down and she realized that just the possibility of being caught out here in the open like this was really turning her on. That sensation of being so 'exposed' brought on another orgasm, which came very quickly, sending shudders throughout her body. For several minutes, she lay there motionless in the grass, trying to catch her breath through the gag. Her progress was agonizingly slow, but Julie told herself that if she just stuck to the plan and kept a clear head, she would be free before nightfall. She felt a stinging sensation in her left shoulder and realized it was a mosquito. Great! Her own sweat must have washed off the repellent.

"I have been at this for two hours," she thought, "my body aches like crazy, I've had seven orgasms, now I'm going to be eaten alive by these damn mosquitoes, and I still have a long way to go yet!"

Another hour passed, and two more orgasms, before she reached the middle of the clearing. The sun was really bearing down now. A sheen of sweat covered her whole body, making her tanned skin sparkle in the mid-day heat. Stifling strands of wet hair had fallen in front of her face. Her path to freedom was less than 10 yards away, but it may as well have been 10 miles. There was no question of giving up, though. That's what made it so hard.

"I could be home right now relaxing in the tub with a good book, but where am I instead? Trussed up and basting out here in the sun like a holiday turkey!"

Then seemingly out of thin air, she heard a buzzing noise in the distance. Her heart jumped. The sounds were faint, but unmistakable -- a motorcycle, maybe two, and they were getting louder. She craned her neck to the right to see if she could find the source of the noise.

"Damn it!" she tried to yell, but it sounded more like "Dmmpphh!" through the gag.

Two men were riding dirt bikes through the mud along the opposite treeline a short distance away. To her horror, she saw one of them turn in her direction. Luckily, there was a small bush just off to her left. Julie managed to gather enough strength to roll over on her side, unsure as to if the leaves would conceal her naked form or not. The next fifteen minutes were spent in a nerve-wracking state of tension. She lay there motionless as the wailing noises got louder, not daring to even look for fear that any movement now would only announce her presence. She began to wonder what it would be like if they DID see her and came to investigate. They would find a beautiful, young woman lying stark naked in the cool grass, bound, gagged, and all alone. They could do anything they wanted to her, for as long as they wanted, and she would be unable to resist them or even scream for help. The thought was terribly exciting while all the time she was aware of the vibrator still buzzing away between her thighs. She desperately wanted to touch her burning pussy, but with her hands secured behind her back as they were, it was impossible. She was forced to grab her ass cheeks and began humping against the knots in her crotch rope. If it were not for the gag, her screams of pure pleasure would surely have roused the attention of those men on their dirt bikes. Seconds later, she convulsed into another orgasm that was so intense it left her drained and weak. By that time, the men had turned their bikes, and to her relief (and some disappointment), they began zig-zagging their way back in the opposite direction.

"If only they knew what was laying over here in these weeds," she thought.

Julie kept a careful eye on the men, who now looked almost like ants in the distance. Their machines were still buzzing wildly even after she lost sight of them in the trees. Once again, she heaved and strained her way along at a snails pace, determined to get to that knife, though it seemed to take even more effort now. She was totally exhausted from her movements, and from countless orgasms that seemed to drain what was left of her strength. A short while later she actually fell asleep, dreaming of her predicament. She awoke some time later, totally unaware of how much time had passed since she slept. It must have been a while, because the vibrator had lost some of it's power, making a low, dull humming sound between her legs until it finally died completely. The sun was already moving behind the trees by the time she made it to the tree stump.

"Soon I'll be free and have my clothes back," she thought, relieved that the end was so near.

Her body was trembling now from hunger and thirst. Her back ached, her neck ached, her jaw ached terribly from the gag, and if that wasn't bad enough, those damned mosquitoes were starting to bite her again. Agonizingly, she wiggled herself around until her back was close to the stump. Lying on her side now, she arched backward as much as she possibly could to bring her quickly-numbing fingers within reach of the knife.

"Hummmpppfff," she breathed heavily into her gag as the rope around her crotch tightened again, driving the knots even deeper into both of her holes. She quickly felt around with her fingers until she located the knife handle, then rolled away from the stump.

Now, strength wouldn't help, only slow, deliberate patience. She decided to slice away at the rope that held her wrists and ankles together first, but soon found this to be more difficult than she thought. Her arms and legs had lost most of their circulation from being bound tightly for so long, and she had a tough time getting her fingers to work the knife. The rope was also behind her wrists, making it nearly impossible to apply enough pressure to make the cut at this angle -- especially in her weakened condition. She struggled with it for several minutes until her hands began to shake from exhaustion. The ropes around her ankles would have to be cut first, she thought. This would then allow her to slide the cinched loop out and release the first rope. Again, Julie arched her limber body backward as far as she possibly could, then reached for her ankles with the knife. Slowly, she began to saw away at the ropes.

Sweat was pouring into her eyes to mix with her tears of frustration. Her muffled groans emerged from behind the gag. She was close to getting free, but she was so weak, she could barely hang on to the knife, much less cut any of the ropes. Two attempts failed, the second after her right leg cramped up, and that left her wailing in pain as her muscles spasmed, pulling the rope out of her reach. Julie was forced to rest a few minutes while listening to the insects buzzing around her and occasionally getting bitten by one. She then clamped down as hard as she could on the wad of cloth in her mouth, and forced her legs back to within reach of the knife. Trembling with the effort, she continued to work the blade slowly back and forth until the top rope was finally cut and the rest of the coils released. The rope that hobbled her wrists and ankles slid out easily, allowing her to extend her legs for the first time in hours. She rolled on her back, straining to ease the cramping in her calf. Her body shook with the tension, but after a moment or two, the pain faded into a sort of dull ache. Julie had to rest again before she could work up the strength to cut her wrist ropes, and it took some time to release her elbows, but once that was done, she was finally set free. She carefully removed the vibrator, then the gag, and undid the rest of the coils, leaving a huge pile of rope on the ground.

Crawling toward the bush, she quickly reached for the large 8" vibrator and lay down in a small patch of tall grass. She stretched her legs outward as far as she could with her toes pointed. Never before, had Julie felt so aroused, even when she was all tied up. She turned the vibrator on, then for the next 15 or so minutes, she lay there writhing in the grass, arching her back and grinding her ass into the damp earth in a frenzy of total abandon. Anyone hiking along the trail nearby could have easily seen her, but Julie didn't care. She was blissfully unaware of her surroundings, her mind focused entirely inward now. She imagined giving herself to an unseen lover, a spirit of the forest, and thrilled to the feel of his imaginary cock sliding past the lips of her willing pussy. Holding the vibrator with one hand, she ran her fingers over her clit again and again. She was gasping now with the pleasure of her touch. Her moans drifted into the trees. She thought of being fucked again and again by the stranger. She didn't care who it was or what he looked like, as long as he had a hard, thick cock and swollen balls ready to spew hot cum into her hungry womb. Then with a guttural groan of exquisite pleasure, her body exploded. Her hips thrust upward again and again as waves of ecstasy flowed from her pussy and radiated outward all over her body.

Julie could have lay there in the grass for hours after that final climax, but it was getting dark and she still had a long hike back to her jeep. She planted her right foot beneath her and staggered upright, allowing herself a few more seconds to get her balance. Looking down at herself, she could see the rope marks still criss-crossing her body. She also had quite a few scratches and a bruise here and there, but to her relief, there appeared to be no permanent damage.

She pulled one large bottle of water out of her backpack and drank it down eagerly. She then threw her clothes on, gathered her gear and headed back to the jeep. An hour after she got home, Julie was reclining in a hot bath, relaxing as the warm water soothed her aching muscles, feeling very lucky to have survived her first REAL bondage experience.

End ;-)
&nbsp; 










Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Night Owl


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





