BDSM Library - Tortured Teresa, the Dirty Stripteaser!




Tortured Teresa, the Dirty Stripteaser!
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Bobby\'s Mum becomes a dirty stripper, and sells her body and her arsehole to be whipped, tortured and shagged by the bullies, for charity!






My Mum Teresa hadn't done much, it seemed, in quite a while, since her last experience documented in her other stories. She dressed pretty conservatively again, and all seemed quiet and placid in our lives.



This peace was broken one day, however, when I was walking with Mum around the corner, past the local shops. There was a group of youths in their late teens hanging around outside the shops, and although I knew their faces from experiencing their nuisance making and petty vandalism in the neighbourhood, I didnt know any more about these 18-20 year olds. They were certainly younger than the gang who hassled us and did the "Your Mum, Your Mum" thing to my Mum, some years ago. [This is explained in another story.] 



However, they seemed to recognise us, and I got that uneasy feeling of nasty intentions one often gets near such a group when you pass them. The way they went silent as we neared, and all stood there staring at us told me as well as my instincts, that something was up.



A particularly cheeky young blonde girl suddenly broke the silence as we passed, calling out in her tarty common accent, "Hiya Teresa! Aren't ya sayin' hello to us?"



One of the lads went, "All right there Teresa, mate!"



Mum stopped and spoke to them, exchanging small talk about what they were doing at college etc, as I fumed uneasily.



As we walked off then, the girl shouted, "Teresa, can I smell yer BUM?" and they all burst out laughing and made lewd gestures, miming the act of spreading someone's buttocks and sniffing inside, and putting emphasis on the sound by breathing loudly and yobbishly in and out!



"Mmmmmm-Herrrrr, MMmmmmm-Heerrrrrrrr!!"



As we turned the corner, they sang a lewd rhyme, taunting, "Bobby we had your Mum, we Smelled her Bum, we Fucked her up the Arse and it made her Cum!!"



With this still going on in the background, I asked Mum what that was all about, but she just said, "Oh nothing, love! Take no notice." I knew she was hiding something, though she wouldn't tell me what, no matter how much I pressed her to say.



Over the following weeks, I often heard them and their other friends passing by the house, especially in the evenings, talking about Mum. To find out what they were saying, I went to the extent of getting spy equipment such as a hidden microphone put invisibly in the house's eaves ouside, and because I couldn't always be listening, I got masses of blank tapes and left a machine to record the voices of passers by. I discovered both revealing and confusing evidence. Samples of what I heard on playback were a girl asking some other nasty little tart, "So Colin and Ron are gonna smell her arse, are they?"



I also heard that blonde girl's voice telling her mates, "And we're all gonna go, Hey Teresa, I wanna smell of your bum!"



Also some other girl with a group, shouting "Whoooosshhh! Ha Haaaa! Watch those titty tassels go around! Whooosshhh!"



I wondered what the heck was going on. What were they on about? Well, I soon got my answer!



One Friday evening, Mum and I went to a charity fund raising event in a local rugby club. It was planned for months, and rumour had it that after the comedians, a stripper would be performing for free, to raise funds for the local youth club the night was in aid of. Mum likes to look good on any night out, but tonight she went to special effort, having had her hair done up in a raunchy fluffy style, glowing bright blonde, wearing more make up and her toe and fingernails painted bright scarlet. She also had on a long red silken gown and wore high heeled pom-pom styled slippers, with black fishnets. She looked stunning!



However, I found the comedians and other acts really boring, and I also felt uneasy when I recognised Dave and Jason, two guys I remembered from school years ago. They were real sods to me in school, always taking the mickey out of me and calling me names, and although I was never soft enough to let anyone hit me, they had been quite tough even then. They'd made my life one big fucking misery for the last two years until school ended.



Words cant describe how much I'd hated them. They were always the big hefty, sporty types, and now I was told they were in the club's rugby team. They were even bigger now, as grown men. Dave was like a younger Ian Botham, and Jason, who has some black blood in him and is a tan colour with dark hair, looked even meaner than he used to.



On top of this, that group of 18-20 year old little gits who had recently hassled us and shouted things about Mum were there too, being part of the youth club the night was about. I wanted to leave, but Mum insisted we stay, saying I was being paranoid and selfish. Anyway I couldn't go and leave her around these bastards. Even worse, Dave and Jason came to sit with us at the front corner table, and tried to be friendly to me, remembering stuff about school, etc. Mum was friendly and chatty with them, so I had to grudgingly be so too, or else cause a scene.



After a bit though I couldnt take it, when they began complimenting my Mum and flirting with her in front of me. When she went [so she said!] to freshen up before the stripper was due on, I made excuses to go in the other room and drink at the bar.



Soon I could hear that the compere had started up a CD of that loud, brassy old time stripper music, [Everyone knows it..."La-la-laaa, De-dee-dee-dee!"] The crowd's cheers coming through the doorway told me she must be now onstage. I turned back to my beer; but then almost spat it out, when that cheeky young girl and her crony, the lad with the shaved head, tapped me on the shoulder. They screeched laughing and went, "Bobby! It's your Mum! Your Mum's the Stripper!"



Looking in, I saw to my horror they were right! I went in, followed now by the teenagers, and saw Mum was onstage, dancing and starting to drop her long gown from her shoulders!



The youths mockingly told me she had been taking striptease lessons at the youth club some evenings, from a local black lady who ran a brothel and taught sex education to the jobless teenagers at the club. Mum had even let them watch her stripping lessons! One night Mum had even shown her sympathy for the youths' "boredom and social deprivation" and promised that sometime in future, she'd let them have a wild gangbang with her! You can imagine how I felt now.



The only seat free now was my seat with Dave and Jason, so I went and sat down flabbergasted, and watched Mum, knowing that most people there knew who I was and how embarrassed I was!



Mum had now dropped the gown, and revealed herself clad in raunchy Bettie Page style stripper gear; red and black lace bra, matching panties and suspenders; the tartiest thickly backseamed black fishnet stockings, and even a lacy matching garter round one thigh!



Taking an open backed chair, she proved her skill at the raunchiest striptease moves, so lewd and so much dirtier than the average modern poledancer.



Unclipping her bra, she shocked me more by revealing star shaped decorations on her nipples, and long red silky tassels hanging from her red, distended titties! She brought a big cheer from the crowd as she started to rotate her torso to make the tassels twirl around in tight circles to the music!



She swirled them this way, then that, then up and down, then side to side, then back in circles again! Mum's firm breasts wobbled outrageously together like two fucking smacked jellies, and the tassels whipped and lashed about in the air!



I was shaking with both shock, indignation and intense arousal, my heart beating in my mouth and my cock straining up in my pants!



She even stepped off the stage, coming to three of the youths who were sat at the front middle table, with her hands buried up in her hair. She smiled warmly at them while she stuck her chest in their faces and whirled the hell out of the tassels for them!



She even let one lad stick a beer mat between her tits, and it didnt even fall out, such was the tightness and plumpness of her cleavage. My cock throbbed as her round firm breasts wobbled together in his grinning face, the tassels whirling at their ends like fucking helicopter blades!



"Whoa, Baby! I like that!" they cheered!



Back onstage, she kicked off her shoes, then really made a meal of removing her stockings, unclipping them and putting one leg at a time up on the chair quite elegantly, as she slowly teased and jerked them down her legs to the music. After finishing one she would sit and point the newly bared leg out to us all, with the fishnet stretched out between her clasped toes and her hand, and flick it off her sexy toes!



Standing up again, as the music began its repeating brassy track once more, and now clad only in her panties and nipple tassels, she began running the fishnets up and down between her thighs, shamelessly. Then she fed them through under her panties, and ran them up and down under her crotch, raunchily bucking her hips!



She let her panties slide down enough to expose her bare bum, but kept the fishnets stretched, so they lined her arse crack, and like this she bumped and ground like a whore, strutting about to the blaring sassy tune, clenching her arse cheeks to the beat and flicking her pelvis really raunchily!



Eventually she bent over with her bottom towards us, and teased her panties down, agonisingly slowly. They peeled over her bum and down her legs, and she was now baring herself fully to us. As the music pounded to it's sleazy cadence the final time, she spread her own arse cheeks, and pulsated her sexy creased brown starfish to the music! "Daa-da-da, Daa-da-da, Daa-da-da Da, BOM!", it concluded!



They all cheered. Everyone was cheering for my Mum, and shouting obscene things as I shrank into my chair, blushing heavily!



After the cheers and wolf whistles subsided, the compere announced that since it was all in such a good cause, Teresa would let people come up and have a sniff of her cunt and arse, in exchange for putting some cash in the charity collection box!



Another roar went up, and a big line of people formed at the stageside! The music on now was Shirley Bassey's "Hey Big Spender", but everyone was singing to it instead, "Hey, hot stripper, let's have a smell of your bum!" [Yee-diddle-di-dee-di-dee!]

The fucking stupid twats!



I felt weird, wretched but excited in my torment, as I watched the first guy, a lad of 19 or so, go up to her. Mum arched her back and stuck out her bum in her nastiest pose, smirking back at him as she spread her peachy bum cheeks. I could see she was twitching her arsehole in and out, as he put his face in her warm, humid crack and breathed deeply! The queue wasnt even half done when it got to those slimy troublemaking shithead teenagers' turns. They really made a show of it, especially to humiliate me, it seemed. The girls were staring brassily and grinning at me when they came up for air, and calling "Whooo, Bobby! Your Mum's got a nice hot stink!"



Mum knew exactly how I felt; she watched my expressions as she betrayed my dignity with my enemies. She obviously got a kick from it!



Under the table, I was gripping my cock with a tissue, and I dont think anyone, even the guys at my table, had noticed. However, when that little sod of a lad, the one who I hated most out of the teenage gang now stuck his face in my Mum's bum crack, making yobbish sniffing noises, while the girls clapped, shouting "Yeah, go for it lad!" I couldnt help coming into the tissue. My face screwed up and some people noticed.



Unfortunately, the blonde young fucking slag from the gang was stood not far from me, and she saw what I was doing. "Aaaaahhhhahaaa! He's wanking!" she shouted, "He likes it!"



When it was Suzanne the cheeky black girl's turn, she gleefully parted my Mum's round white smooth buttocks with her black thumbs, and I got erect again. She went "Mmmmmmm, sweet white momma!" when she came up from Mum's bum! 



Suzanne finished by running a black finger over Mum's cunt and arsehole, and sucking her finger loudly, and finally giving Mum a sudden, full blooded slap on the bare bottom, and shouting at me, "Hey Bobby, your Mum's a horny old bitch! I can't wait to fucking shag her and do all kinds of pervy things to her! Man, it don't bear talking about, what I'm gonna do to your Mom! Whooh hooo!"



Mum just giggled! I couldn't believe it!



I cleaned myself up, then went to the other bar in embarrassment, thinking to myself, "Oh no, I can't handle this, seeing Mum letting them all smell her in the arse like a bitch on heat!"



As I drowned my sorrows in the other bar, I could make out some sort of raffle or competition was going on, so I knew Mum had stopped her antics and gone offstage. I heard the tarty barmaid chatting to people she was serving, something about Mum which I didn't catch. She signed some sort of sponsor form for whatever it was before she served me again, smirking strangely at me as she did.



Just before closing time I went back in, and now only a few people were left in the room. Mum was sitting with Dave and Jason again, and I was very glad to see she was fully dressed again now.



Dave said, "Hey Bobby, I told you the stripper was good, didn't I?"



Jason added, "Oh yeah, what a tassel twirler!"



Mum giggled, going "Oohh, cheeky!" So the flirting went on! Then, when I got up to take a leak, the guys followed me. As we stood at the urinal, they revealed their dicks which were fucking enormous, and would no doubt be over 10 inches long if erect! I made to leave, but then they barred the door, saying they wanted a word.



They said, "You know we won it, don't you?" I didnt know what they meant. So to my utter horror, they explained that the competition had been to get my Mum as a sex slave for the night! Everyone there had signed sponsor forms for her to do it! Mum had been the judge, the criteria being that the two blokes with the biggest dicks would win!



She'd taken all the males aside one by one, even the 18 year old lads and the dirty old men, and fucking tit rolled their dicks to hardness, then measured their erections! Oh my god, that was all going on when I was out of the room! Mum, my sweet loving Mum, smiling as she fucking jiggled everyone's willy in her tits, rubbing the tassels in their pubes, right there in the corner while everyone else cheered!



Unfortunately for me, the winners were my hated old bullies, Dave and Jason! I suspected Mum had chosen them on purpose, knowing her by now, but who knows, maybe they were the biggest there. She was taking them back to our house tonight, with Dad being away as usual at the weekend!



Dave said, "Bobby, you better understand that our big dicks are going up Your Mum's ARSE tonight! Okay?"



My stomach churned, with the image of their big peckers going "SPLAT!" up my Mum's tight little bum! I felt myself blushing, just like I used to when they would torment me as a kid.



Jason cut in, "Know what we mean, Bobby? Your Mum's whoring herself for charity, and she's sponsoring us her arsehole, her shit chute; her cornhole! Our huge willies are splurging all the way up it! Right, Dave?!"



"Yep; all the way. And we've got to show photographic evidence she's done the sponsored sex slave night! Any problem with that, Bobby?"



I hesitated, looking up at them, feeling just like I was being bullied in school again. "Erm, no. No problem!" I muttered!



"Right that's settled then!", bubbled Teresa, as we returned. No time was wasted; back at the house, Mum and the guys got naked in the bedroom, and Mum got me to help her put on her slave outfit. It had soft red cuffs linked by a chain, a collar and a titty chain that attached by little clamps to her red throbbing nipples once her tassels had been removed. I had to set up my cameras for them to use, then I was banished to my room next door, with strict instructions from Mum not to wank. I didnt get much sleep, as you can imagine.



They began immediately, with Mum groaning loudly as the men started having sex with her. Sometimes it was hard to work out what they were doing to her, but other times it was easy. Mum would let me know by groaning out how great the bullies' dicks felt shafting her pussy, or splurging right up her bum. They were very noisy, and often I heard the headboard banging against the wall as they balled her energetically, or titty fucked her, and the door and wardrobes were obviously used as shagging supports, too!



I dozed off now and again, but often was awoken by the sounds of them dominating her, bossing her about, and Mum's passionate, throat wrenching cries.



"HUUUUULLLLLLGGGHH, AAAAAAARRRLLLLLGGHHH, OOOOOOOOOOORRGGHHH!!!!



The walls shook and she groaned like a whore, as the two big sportsmen shoved their huge sausage like cocks up her arse, in her cunt, on her tits, in her mouth, and all over her body.



At about 5 o'clock, I was called on to bring them refreshments. As I brought the coffee and biscuits into the room, my willy went hard again to see their sex.



Jason had Mum on all fours, really shoving his dick deep up her arsehole, and she was panting and gurgling in delight, tickling her own clitty in joy! He went "Bobby, come here." I did, and Mum told me to kneel and suck her big toe, to show my submission to her and to my bullies! I did, and then Jason growled, and promptly spat his cum, deep into Mum's bum!



Mum groaned a long, ecstatic moan, and Jason snarled as his cock pulsed in her arsehole.



"Corr! Right up your Mum's arsehole!" he said. "Isn't that great hey Bobby, you shithead? See, I'm fucking spunking right up your Mum's shithole! Do you like that?"



"Say yes, Bob!" Mum ordered.



I blushed, as my own sperm flooded out helplessly in response, and muttered, "Yes, Sir."



Mum laughed, gripping her pussy hard, saying, "Ooohh, Jason you big sod! I love it!" and she climaxed, loving seeing me humiliated and loving my school bully's cock invading her bum!



In the morning, after the guys left, Mum came and took me downstairs, to show me the pics of their sex with her. She made me kneel naked on the carpet, and stood above me in her dressing gown, showing me each picture and made me describe each one to her.



She'd say, "What is happening here?" or "Look, what's the nice man doing to Mummy there?"



I throbbed in excitement and shame as I told her how the pics showed the guys double penetrating her, or Dave or Jason fucking her up the bum, on the bed, or the floor, or up against the wardrobe and slapping her ass as they bummed her and squashed her tits against the varnished wood, etc etc! Others showed them lashing her bare bum really hard with their belts, or making her worship and suck their cocks. The last few were of Jason fucking her hard and deep up the shit hole, and she said how she went all gooey and tingly at his dirty talk as his cock reamed out her turd tunnel.



"And of course Mummy did one of her favourite tricks with your school bullies: the Chocolate Lollipop!!" she giggled, and showed me a photo of Jason having just pulled out from her bum.



She was smirking as she plunged her tongue tip right into the big blob of her own shit on his knob end! A fucking big blob of it, on his dick, from her bum, and she licked it!



She said she'd been ordered to do it, and she'd climaxed the moment her tongue touched the shit!



The last showed her letting him shoot his long, stringy spurts of sponk all up along her tongue, with her tongue tip just touching his pee hole!



"Oh, no! Oh Mum, please, no! You didn't eat that, surely? Not the poo?" I groaned, but she laughed and saw I was almost coming.



Then she threw off her dressing gown, and watched our cuckoo clock, as it neared nine o'clock. Then, she turned her back to me as I knelt there, and let her jewelled fingers come round and yank apart her buttocks, exposing her bum crack to me. Oh fuck, her asscheeks were all red still, and adorned with a wicked latticework of nasty red weals, even some showing the pattern of the leather whip they'd used on her arse! She laughed cruelly, and began to pulsate her arsehole in and out, instructing me to fix my eyes on it.



As the clock struck the hour, Mum pulsated her brown hole in and out, to the little mechanical bird's tune, and she sang its call along with it, as I gazed mesmerised at her bumhole, and I began to splurt my sperm without touching my dick! The cuckoo mocked me, her asshole pulsed and mocked me, and my dirty cheating cuckolding Mum's sexy voice mocked me! I blushed and shot my wad onto her heels and up her shapely calves, hearing all the while, "Cuckoo! Cuckoo! Cuckoo!" from Mum's taunting but soothing voice!



She was in fits of laughter all morning. She loves that cuckoo clock, with it's connotations of cuckoldry. She even calls it the cuckold clock!



Later in the day, she relented and showed some mercy by telling me it had only been a blob of chocolate mousse on jason's dick, not her shit! I was very glad, but she giggled again and said how funny it had been, to make me think it was her shit that she'd licked off his dick!



I can't help it, I'm hooked on my Mum's kinks and humiliations; Well you can't deny she's a raunchy and imaginative "Cuckold-Mom", as I'd term it!







 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  cuckoldbob


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





