BDSM Library - Legally Binding




Legally Binding
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Rich bitch widow does whatever it takes to get her husbands inheritance.







Bartholomew Thorne had died peacefully two weeks ago

 
  Admin
   jim
  2
  17
  2006-11-21T00:59:00Z
  2006-11-21T00:59:00Z
  1
  7745
  44153
  367
  103
  51795
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  Clean
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








Bartholomew
Thorne had died peacefully two weeks ago. The industrialist, famous county wide
for his timber business had been 85. Much revered and respected he had an
extended family but only one son, who buy the will of God was at present in the
best sanatorium money could buy. It was the day of the will reading and the
group of interested parties sat a little shocked in the office of W Grimbald;
the deceased long serving friend and lawyer. Grimbald, a man in his 70s himself
looked up over his glasses.

&quot;There is no mistake. I'm afraid these were his last instructions. All
possessions and monies apart from his real estate to be donated to his son's
asylum.&quot; 

The group held their breath. The family estate a baroque mansion and sculpted
gardens paid for in the boom years of the twenties had graced the cover of many
a style magazine. It was worth millions in today's prices. After a pause he
continued.

&quot;Mr Thorne's estate is to be retained so that one day if his son is cured,
he will have somewhere to return to.&quot; 

As nieces and distant cousins sighed and shrugged their shoulders one family
member's eyes lit up. Sat at the front in an inappropriate blue plunge neck
dress was Michelle, the sexy wife of Bartholomew's only son.

Michelle took a deep breath her chest rising in front of the old spectacled
man. The man ignored the distraction, clearing his throat then continuing.

&quot;There are a few private matters between myself and my client's daughter
in law. Therefore if you may all excuse us now, thank you so much.&quot;

As the party left there were a few bitter glances and shaking of heads.
Michelle had married into the family five years ago. She had been twenty-five,
twenty years the sons junior. At that time he had already begun to show
symptoms of delusion, however the family firmly believed she had driven him
over the edge. Accusations of affairs and deceit abounded, but he had been
committed to the asylum long before any divorce proceedings could take place.

Once the door finally closed shut Grimbald looked up at Michelle. She was
stunning. A natural blonde with sculpted shoulder length hair she had many
features to admire. A high cheek boned face with long lashed eyes. Pouting lips
colored a light aqua marine blue to match her dress. She was curvaceous her
large hipped ass hiding the small seat she sat on, her long legs crossed. But
Michelle knew her best asset was her firm, silicone breast; 38 inch possibly
more. They nestled in her v-neck fabric pinned by an expensive and sturdy lace
bra.

She opened her mouth to speak, but looked a little surprised when Grimbald
raised his hand.

&quot;Wait Mrs Thorne, I've something to show you.&quot;

The old lawyer opened a drawer removing a paper bag with videocassettes in.
Michelle sat a little nervous, was she about to see the fruits of some private
eye paid to spy on her?

The video recording began. It was Bartholomew, her dead father-in-law staring
at her.

&quot;Hello my dear,&quot; he began not showing any emotion. &quot;The will and
testament has probably been a shock to most people but not you. I'm sure you've
been advised that you could make a claim in relation to my son and his
responsibilities to his wife.&quot; 

He said wife with a sarcastic twist looking straight out from the screen.

&quot;Even now you could appeal my wishes, but take my word it would be a long
hard fight.&quot;

He coughed, and then continued. &quot;So I've decided to cut you a deal you
little witch. My property is to be signed over to you providing you meet my
demands. The paperwork is in front of you; it's all legal and above
board.&quot; He grunted in a little pain. &quot;Let's make it clear I've never
liked you and all that money I spent on having you followed and never proved
anything. But I know you very well, believe me.&quot;

The lawyer sat impassively. Michelle a little agitated but fully in control of
her expression. She gave a mock look of surprise her lips sensually parting
ever so slightly in a silent gasp. She thought back. &quot;No wonder your
little spy never told you anything.&quot; 

The investigator hired by him had made a catastrophic blunder early on and she
had caught and confronted him. It turned out to be his lucky day. Michelle
continued her clandestine meetings and once a month she let the PI fuck her
brains out in a seedy motel somewhere. He'd been a fat old bastard somewhat
like her crazy husband, but every month he got a pay-cheque and the attentions
of the curvaceous Michelle; and she got foil her father in laws little games.
She shifted on her seat a little uncomfortable remembering the PI's obsession
for spunking on her shins and feet.

&quot;Pity his heart gave way,&quot; her thoughts quipped; remembering how
she'd left him stone dead in that motel room just a few months past.

The video continued breaking her dirty memories.

&quot;So here it is. My friend and confidant Mr Grimbald will require you to
follow my instruction to the letter. By tomorrow morning if you have, my estate
will be yours.&quot;

Grimbald pushed the contract in front of her beautiful blue eyes. The video
rapped up his message. &quot;Take a good look and make a decision. Act like the
whore I know you are or fuck off and find the best legal team you can
afford.&quot; The screen went dead as Michelle glanced at the contract.

&quot;Accept to perform lewd acts on demand. Permission granted to executor,
waver of right to prosecute or in any way imply sexual assault?&quot; 

As she read aloud the list seemed endless.

&quot;W Grimbald as executor of contract!&quot; 

She finally came to the key part. On completion she would be made legal
guardian of her husband's future home. She looked up, the man's glasses misting
a little with perspiration. She dropped her hand to her side in disbelief at
what she'd read.

&quot;But this is... it's disgusting. Obscene, no I...&quot; The Lawyer
remained impassive collecting his things into a neat pile.

&quot;Very well Miss I expected as much, therefore all estate assets are now
frozen until appeal. I expect it to take years regarding the argument will
surround your husbands mental state.&quot;

&quot;Wait!&quot; 

Michelle blurted out slightly louder than she wanted to. She collected her
composure embarrassed but determined to keep a level head. There was a long
pause and then she continued her blue eyes burning into the wizened old man.

&quot;Very well, where do I sign?&quot;

Once the ink had dried the lawyer searched for the next tape marked no 2.

And once again she saw her father in laws face.

&quot;As I expected you dirty bitch. I have to admit I'm a little envious of my
friend here. There's no doubt what my son saw in you.&quot; Michelle looked
sheepish eyed at the lawyer. The deceased man continued. &quot;Grimbald has the
details of when and where. But first we require a little demonstration of faith
from you. I suppose your wearing some tight sluttish number. Well this is what
I want you to do...&quot;

The tape finally went dead. Michelle was blushing from the instructions, her
knees tight together. &quot;She couldn't; not here in the office surely
not?&quot; Grimbald had locked the door and sat down.

&quot;Well?&quot;

She looked over her shoulder then nervously began to pull down her dress
straps. The dress fell away from her bust collecting in her lap. She was pale
but perfect skinned her hot melons rising and falling in the black lace bra.
The video had been quite clear. 

&quot;Release your big tits from that rag you call a dress and cup them
together. Push them real tight together make sure your fucking nipple nuts
point straight out, and lean forward towards the desk. Grimbald will explain
the rest&quot;

The room was getting hot as Michelle slowly undid her bra. Her chest sprang
forward as the cups fell away the silicone domes indeed pointing out at slight
angles towards the far corners of the room. Her nailed long fingers cupped
herself beneath the bulges, squeezing them together pushing forward obediently.
She was a little nervous. She'd always been in control, now this was a new
experience. As she saw the awe struck face of Grimbald she decided she still
had the edge.

He opened a letter marked tape one and read it out.

&quot;Suck on her nipples. Use your teeth to nip and pull. Grope her flesh feel
the weight of each dome in your hand.&quot; The lawyer looked up at her wide-eyed
face. &quot;Lick the skin, they must shine with spittle. Each nipple must be
erect and of satisfactory arousal before you finish. Then...&quot; He paused
closing the letter,&quot; hmm well I think we are clear so far.&quot;

He stood and leaned over the table his hands replacing Michelle's on the sides
of her tits cupping them tightly. Michelle gripped the edge of the desk pushing
her shoulders and chest forward.

&quot;Ah, ahhhhhhhhhhhh!&quot; 

His grip was a strong deliberate grope, rotating the domes twisting her
flawless skin. 

&quot;Ummmmmmmmm!&quot; 

She grunted nails biting the desk her eyes looking straight at the slightly
embarrassed man. Her own face was blushing the old mans tongue rough and sweaty
on her tits. First he spat then rubbed her skin, her nipples turning a darker
pink with the damp. There was a knock at the door, Michelle trying to pull back
embarrassed. He ignored it his bespectacled face lapping at the fat nipples. He
bit each twisting them like huge doorknobs, sucking hard, long slurping noises
of satisfied tasting echoing around the room. The person knocking gave up.

Michelle looked down at her squeezed puppies, Grimbald pushing the nipples
close together to get both almost in his mouth at the same time.
&quot;Ugggggg!&quot; She bit her painted lip, her back arching at the tugging.
&quot;Uggh ahh that's a bit ugghhh!&quot; The lawyer paused. 

&quot;The instructions were quite specific.&quot; He gripped a fat nipple with
his lips and teeth tugging it out, stretching it an inch or so, Michelle
moaning. &quot;Oohhhhhhhhh ugh!&quot; The nipple sprang back the flesh
hardening. He repeated the action with the other sucking longer, Michelle
having to almost tug the tit from his mouth before he pulled her dial size teat
from her breast. &quot;Awwwwwww fuck that hurt!&quot;

The lawyer was finally satisfied with his work. Michelle's breasts had hardened
even more the nipples aroused their rims fat and darkened. Her flesh was wet
with his spit and growing perspiration, the afternoon light glistening on the
prize assets.

He opened the letter again. &quot;Are you sure you wish to continue?&quot; He
asked. She glared back frustrated by his games. &quot;Do you think I'd let an
old bastard like you do this for nothing, get on with it!&quot; He sighed as if
he had no choice in the matter. &quot;Very well, I will finish the letter. As I
was saying, should be of satisfactory arousal before you finish. Then bind her
nipples together with the wire supplied. Tie them tightly so they bulge pull
the wire so the nipples almost touch forcing a very deep hot cleavage.&quot; 

He produced the wire moving quickly to her side. She lifted her hand to stop
him but he slapped it down. &quot;No games, you must obey or you will not
honour the contract.&quot;

The wire wound round one nipple and he pulled it tight. &quot;Awwwwwwww fuck,
oh, oh uggggggggggg!&quot; She raised her hand to the swollen point as his
hands twisted the wire around her other erect end. &quot;Aggggggg
shiiiitttttttt!&quot; With both wound up he pulled the thread and the boson
closed the nipples burning as the moved closer and closer together.

&quot;Awwwwwwwwnooo no more, enough! Awwwwww!&quot;

They were two inches apart her melons squeeze together to form a deep dark
crevice. She groaned and wriggled on the chair. She tried to lean further back
but that only stretched her chest making her wince.

&quot;Ohhhhhhh God; get on with it please!&quot;

The lawyer stood back as Michelle s fingers touched the steel thread securely
clasping her hard nuts. &quot;That is the first task completed well done.&quot;
She tried to unravel the cord but it was rigid. &quot;Leave your tits entwined
and put your dress back on.&quot; He ordered. He looked at the bulging nipples
and added. &quot;I'd leave your bra here; it'll be more comfortable for
you.&quot; Michelle suddenly realized he wasn't going to remove her binds. 

&quot;Here?&quot; She coughed in horror. She continued to pull at the cord but
it was to tightly knotted.

&quot;It'll need some clippers to remove, there's a pair waiting at the
Mansion.&quot; Grimbald said as he wiped his steamed up glasses.

She groaned in embarrassment and discomfort. &quot;You fuck, I... I'll.&quot;
He picked up the contract and put it into his wall safe. &quot;Yes it would be
embarrassing if you screamed or tried to say I forced you. But you signed the
waver. I'd never practice as a lawyer again, but I'm an old man. The document
would exonerate but disgrace me. You on the other hand would forfeit your
inheritance. Please call out it will make my dead friend very happy. It would
be all the papers; you know the public love a scandal.&quot;

She bit her lip in pain easing the dress back over her melons. Slowly and
gingerly she stood the clamped tits rising like in a crazy wonder bra.
&quot;Ooohhhhhhhhh!&quot;

He finished the instructions on the first letter. &quot;Pull the nipples
together so they form a very hot cleavage. Make her redress, don't remove the
clamps. She must be in discomfort her heavy sacks tugging down as she stands
the nipples burning with the steel grip.&quot; He admired her as she stood
awkwardly her hands not daring to touch her own sore tips.

&quot;Now Michelle we'll take the tapes and letters and drive up to the old
house.&quot;

Michelle sat rigid in the old German car as it bumped along the uneven hillside
road. The car had no air con and Michelle s body was soaking wet, stuck to her
blue dress, the humidity over ninety percent. She bit her lip at each gravel
bump her nipples aching from the wire bind almost numb by now. Grimbald wiped
his brow, his rimmed glasses glinting in the bright afternoon light. He looked
over from time to time his eyes tracing down to her slowly rising and falling
bosom. He could see the squeezed nipples pressing against the blue material Michelle's
painted face taut as she tried to control the discomfort. He'd met the young
woman on many occasions. She was always so confident, oozing charisma and
attitude. He felt his body stirring thinking of the embarrassment she was
enduring today.

She didn't look back at him, instead watched the imposing structure that was
the Thorne's family home get closer and closer. As they past through the
wrought iron gates the huge columned building towered above them. The car
pulled up to the wide stepped entrance Grimbald getting out first to open
Michelle's door. Mrs Thorne eased her long legs out standing with a little
difficulty. Her tits were now definitely numb and she was thankful they had
finally arrived.

Immediately, Spence the families mid aged butler had appeared at the door
standing to attention. He didn't make any comment just nodded as Grimbald told
him he needed some pliers, adding, &quot;nice to see you Mrs Thorne,&quot; as
he hurried inside.

In the hall he returned with the pliers in hand. Michelle snatched them from
him suddenly feeling less intimidated. &quot;I'll take those.&quot; She said
walking to the curved staircase. &quot;I'll do this myself!&quot; Grimbald
didn't answer as Spence unfazed called up to her.&quot; I've prepared your
normal room madam. Diner will be in an hour.&quot;

Michelle didn't reply as she marched down the corridor to her sumptuous guest
bedroom. Once in the exquisitely draped room she began to carefully unravel her
nipples from the steel cord. She yelped and cussed until finally her bust
sprang back straight, her ends swollen and tender. She looked around the room.
She hadn't been here for over a year; Bartholomew banning her soon after his
son, her husband had gone completely ga-ga.

She looked in the wardrobe. There were still a few dresses she had never had
chance to collect hanging up. She smiled. Grimbald had looked unsure in the
car. Maybe if she'd have cried a little he'd probably have given up. She'd seen
how he'd looked at her; he was a man wasn't he? And she knew how to handle men.
All she had to do were play the dead fuckers silly games and Grimbald would
give her everything she wanted. &quot;Maybe she should have just blown him in
the car? Ah well too late now.&quot; She mused to herself.

Just after five Michelle descended the staircase like a movie star at a
premiere. She had a long split silver dress with matching silver heels. Her
hair was tied up in a bun, individual ringlets hanging down to frame her face.
She'd chosen a seductive pink lipstick her pale face giving her an angelic
innocent look. Her bust was feeling a lot better her nipples relieved by
continuously applying ice cubes for nearly all the last hour.

Grimbald stood up from the long dinning table to greet his beautiful guest. She
sat, Spence pouring some wine before serving their food. The old lawyer was
tapping his fingers nervously, Michelle smiling at him. They ate almost in
silence Michelle watching him closely. He was out of his depth she was almost
certain. As their food was cleared and they were left alone she decided to
apply a little more pressure.

&quot;I'm sure this is very unusual for you. Abusing women! Women who have no
other choice.&quot; She said in a matter of fact way, her blue eyes looking
straight into his. Grimbald saw the sarcasm in her voice, but controlled his
reply.

&quot;Indeed it is Miss. Shall we proceed?&quot;

At that point Spence reappeared and announce the person entering the room
behind him.

&quot;Miss Claudia is here sir.&quot;

&quot;Miss Claudia?&quot; Michelle's eyes widened in surprise; &quot;who?&quot;


She turned towards the heel clipping noise. Across the room a tall olive
skinned figure approached. She had long dark hair and a slim athletic figure.
Her brown dress was tight and elegant accentuating two admirably firm tits.
Michelle gave her the once up and down. She was probably in her late thirties
with too much makeup and swayed her hips almost theatrically.

Grimbald gave the new guest a kiss on the hand offering her a seat between him
and Michelle.

&quot;May I introduce Claudia. This is your late father in-laws close
friend.&quot;

The woman said hello with a South American accent, her eyes like dark pools.

Michelle instantly thought of claims on her money, and she couldn't help
blurting out what she felt. &quot;Close friend, yeah I bet she was. No
Brazilian whore going to get her claws into what's rightfully mine.&quot; The
woman just smiled serenely.

Near by was a TV that had earlier been wheeled into the ornate dinning room;
looking out of place among all the baroque furniture. The set suddenly came to
life the second video from the deceased beginning to play.

&quot;So you're going through with the deal.&quot; 

It was the face of Bartholomew again.&quot; Good. I've seen you dine here many
times flashing you're eyelids cooing to my friend and generally slutting
around. So I'd like you to live the fantasy you regularly created.&quot; He
paused.&quot; I see you've now met the other guest. Claudia was a loving friend
and confident of mine in my last year. So don't waste you're time playing miss
innocent with her, she knows all about you in gory detail.&quot; The older
woman smiled knowingly.

&quot;Oh and just in case you're thinking about your deal. Claudia's has
already been amply taken care of. She's here tonight as a favour to me, nothing
else.&quot; He blew a kiss in recognition to the brunette sat near by; then the
video when black.

Grimbald produced the second envelope taking out the letter. He scanned it once
then read it aloud. Out of the corner of her eye she could see Spence
approaching carrying a sliver platter tray. Her eyes caught sight of what he
had on the tray. He'd held it low and resting at the edge was his exposed cock
and balls hooked out of his zippered pants.

Michelle heard the words read out by Grimbald.

&quot;While remaining seated, service the butler. Bring his cock to stiffness,
paying special attention to his balls and helmet rim. I've given orders for him
not to wash it in the last couple of days. So be sure to clean the build up
from under his foreskin with you're tongue.&quot;

Michelle gave a grunt of disgust. Grimbald continued. &quot;Claudia will make
sure you perform it to my satisfaction.&quot; The lawyer finished and sat back
in his chair. Claudia had stood up and come to her side; Spence now standing
directly next to her his limp cock presented on the tray.

The blonde felt her cheeks turning red again as her hands reached up to squeeze
the man's cock. He grunted in delight as she pulled his foreskin down exposing
his greasy underside of his cock head. Her nails scraped along his veined flesh
within seconds she could grip like a handle, his cock sprouting to erection the
butler looking down in awe, silent apart from appreciative grunts. &quot;Mg ug,
ug, ugggg!&quot;

His cock was now hard pointing towards her face and she smelt his unwashed
flesh her fingers sticky to his foreskin build up. Claudia nodded in approval
coaxing Michelle's head onto the tip.

&quot;Yes that's it Miss open up ahhh!&quot;

Michelle's lips enveloped his tip, Claudia gently pushing more of her head onto
it. She coughed, her mouth tightening on his skin pushing the flesh back. He
tasted disgusting, filthy and hot, his eye hole caressed by her tongue. She
began to suck, slowly and steadily. Claudia reminded her to knead his balls and
she felt his cock twitch and buck in her throat. He was grunting over and over
her high cheek boned mouth trying to draw the life from him.

Claudia gripped her blonde mane pulling her from his dick. &quot;Uggh!&quot;

&quot;Show me how to clean!&quot; She snapped like a dominatrix gripping the
foreskin herself tugging it back so Michelle could lick under the rim.

She began to lick the build up her pink lips glistening with spittle. The
butler gently rocked forward trying to pump into her mouth. Claudia nodded in
agreement pushing Michelle's mouth deep down onto him. She baulked and gagged
his cock almost choking her.

&quot;Suck, suck more, more.&quot; Claudia was directing like an expert making
sure Michelle swallowed as much as possible, angling her mouth so it bulged
against her cheeks. Mrs Thorne was coughing and struggling in her seat her own
hands pushing against the man's hairy pelvis.

Claudia wasn't satisfied snapping at the butler, &quot;fuck her harder in the
mouth! Harder!&quot; He immediately began to thrust gripping her head with his
own hands his cock appearing and disappearing from her lips drenched in
spittle.

Michelle's mouth was aching her tongue rammed back the head nudging her tonsils.
The man had some staying power, her jaw feeling like it would lock.

&quot;Ugh, ugh, ugh, oh, oh, ahhh!&quot; he was nearing climax his face red
with pleasure, Michelle with perverse relief.

She now had both hands desperately gripping the tablecloth trying to steady
herself. Her long heeled legs splayed out at angles as she sat giving her more
balance. Claudia sensing the butler was about to spurt gripped the man's cock
tightly by the base pulling it from the Michelle's mouth. Her other hand
gripped Michelle's hair at the bun making her tilt her sculpted nose and wet
lips skyward.

&quot;Uuuugggggggghhhhh!&quot; 

The man's spunk hole began erupting Claudia squeezing at the base controlling
his ejaculation.

&quot;Ohhhhhh uggggkkkkkkkk!&quot; 

The semen spat up against Michelle's eye socket the second wad filling her
nostrils the third smearing her fat luscious lips dribbling onto her chin.
&quot;Ugghhhhhh nnnnnnnnn!!!&quot; Spence was finding it unbearable his cock
electric the head sore against her slimy pale cheek. The Brazilian woman slapped
the bruised cock against Michelle's face smearing the come, the noise of
slapping flesh making the scene even more debauched.

Finally she release both; Spence almost collapsing, Michelle coughing and
spitting trying to wipe the come from her eye socket flicking big wads of semen
onto the table cloth.

&quot;Ugh fuck ugh you bitch cough! Cough!&quot;

Claudia picked up a napkin and spat on it. She knelt to begin wiping the spunk
from the woman's face.

&quot;Get the fuck off me!&quot; Michelle hissed grabbing the napkin doing it
herself.

Grimbald had remained seated sipping his wine all this time.

&quot;Please don't blame Claudia. After all she is here as a favour. Remember
why you are?&quot;

Spence had sheepishly sulked away and Grimbald decided dinner was over.

&quot;We shall now retire to the drawing room. Claudia has a little surprise
for you in there.&quot; And with that he stood and led the way.

A massive ornate fireplace dominated the living room but thankfully in this
sticky summer heat it remained unlit. In front were two expensive settees. The
lawyer sat on one asking Michelle to sit on the other facing him. Claudia also
sat next to her, in fact a little too close. Michelle tried to shy away but
Claudia put her talon hand on the woman's knees moving it up under the slit in
her silver dress. Between both settees there was a gold table, on it standing
upright a thick neon pink vibrator.

Grimbald had more instruction still to read on his paper.

&quot;Michelle is to strip and allow Claudia to penetrate her with the
vibrator. She must obey Claudia to the full. Make sure the bitch comes.&quot;
He coughed, a little embarrassed by the blunt message.

Claudia began to slowly peel Michelle's dress straps down over her shoulders.
She was made to stand and her dress fell down between her heeled ankles.
Grimbald gave a silent gasp; dressed in matching white stockings, briefs and
bra she was amazing. Her legs seemed to go on forever, calves stretched in the
high heels. Her hips were rounded and her washboard tummy enhanced the size and
fullness of her perfect tits. With her hair up her long neck gave an impression
of having been stretched like she was elastic.

Claudia hands reach round to the tops of the woman's panties, drawing them
down. Michelle tentively stepped out of them, her light blonde pussy matching
her pale complexion.

The brunette whore eased her back down onto the settee hands spreading her
thighs. Michelle gave an embarrassed moan as her legs opened her pussy, slit
visible to the watching Grimbald. Claudia began to stroke gently up and down
her lips while her other hand reached for the shocking pink vibrator. She
picked it up putting it straight in her own mouth then pushing it towards
Michelle's. She backed away before opening her lips her own spit smearing on
the pointed round tip.

Claudia slowly pressed the tip against Michelle tight hole. The thing was
quietly buzzing and she circled her entrance to tease the nerve ending before
beginning to enter her.

&quot;Oohh mmmmmmmmmmmm!&quot; Michelle groaned the woman making sure she kept
her perfect pins wide and in an exposed position. She groaned again looking at
the lawyer.

The vibrator was inside her now and she arched her back.

&quot;Ooohhhh nnnnnn is this what you want Mr Grimbald?&quot; She cooed like a
schoolgirl playing the lawyer at his own game. But he remained impassive taking
his glasses off to clean them before calmly replying.&quot; Very good Michelle,
open your legs wider so I can see your lips gripping around the shaft.&quot;

The Brazilian woman was indeed an expert, the tip nudging deep against her insides
making Michelle grip the furniture fabric and then the probing woman's
shoulder.

&quot;Aww shit ohhhhhhh fuck uh, uh, uhhhhhhhh!&quot; Michelle bit her lip
putting her hand across her face. &quot;Awwwwww uh, uh, uhhhh oh shiitttttt.
Aw. Aw ah, no, no, ooooohhhhhhh!&quot;

&quot;Make her lift her legs!&quot; Grimbald ordered.

Claudia took hold of Michelle's legs one at a time lifting them at the knees,
raising them up until her shoes pointed to the ceiling. The blonde wrapped her
arms around under her knees pulling her legs to her bust. Now her ass face
Grimbald and Claudia re inserted the buzzing tip back into her clenched pussy
slit. &quot;Ohhhhhhhhhhh!&quot;

Claudia buried the rubber cock almost to the hilt Michelle gasping as the hard
rod forced against her bent canal. &quot;Awwwwww Jeez that's sooooo deep!&quot;
She couldn't hold this position for long her heels finally returning to the
floor legs thighs so wide her pelvis raised up pointing towards Grimbald. The
vibrator was working its spell Claudia's expert fingers also pressing onto the
woman's hardening clit.

Oh god, oh god I'm, I'm coooooo aaahhhh, ahhh, ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!&quot; She
jerked her body forward, her bra covered tits bouncing, her heels stamping on
the floor. Around the humming stick her juices seeped from her hole, Claudia
twisting the stick like she was trying to dig a tunnel up the young woman.

&quot;Awwwwwwww ukkkkkkk!!&quot; Michelle nails clawed on the woman's leg and
she could take no more almost spitting the vibrator from her sodden pussy.

&quot;Jezzzz shit, shit, stop stop ugggggggg!&quot;

Michelle was panting heavily her thighs aching from been stretched so wide so
long. Claudia was stripping from her dress revealing she had no bra on. She
curled on the settee next to the panting blonde; unfastening Michelle bra
straps allowing her large tits to be revealed. The brunette caressed a sore
nipple with her nails; then bent down to gently kiss the tip. She lifted
Michelle hand placing it on her own solid silicone tits. Michelle finger
touched the nipple the breast, feeling remarkably like her own.

Claudia smiled in satisfaction kissing her gently on her pink fat lips.
&quot;We're going to fuck now honey.&quot; She said sweetly. &quot;It's going
to be alright just do what you're told.&quot; Michelle drew away from her kiss,
her pussy was hot the woman having aroused her fully. But something wasn't
right.

Grimbald suddenly spoke making her jump in surprise. &quot;Oh I almost
forgot.&quot; He said chirpily, &quot;Claudia sweetheart show her what your
surprise is.&quot;

The tall long haired brunette slipped her legs to the floor and unhooked her
panties. As the brief came away a narrow banana shaped cock sprang upright
nestling against her wax bikini line. Michelle screamed; her mind confused with
heaving tits and pink solid cock. Claudia's hands suddenly gripped her wrists
the elegant she male pushing her hips between Michelle thighs.

Grimbald finished the passage on the second note. &quot;Make sure the bitch
comes. Then Claudia is to fuck up her hard and mercilessly.&quot;

Michelle's face was a picture. She sucked her cheeks in, her lashed eyes wide
as if she was about to be stabbed with a horrendous implement. Her thighs were
fully apart the shaven bare cock been angled towards her dripping slit. She
looked at Grimbald desperately gritting her teeth as Claudia forcefully entered
her. &quot;Uggggggg!&quot;

The tall she male gripped Michelle's wrists pushing them over her head her
breasts thrusting out, at the same time she began pumping up her. &quot;Ugh,
ugh, ugh ugggggg!&quot; Michelle couldn't help but grunt, the hard bent rod
rubbing her insides thrusting deeper than the vibrator had.

Claudia pushed her hard tit ends against the woman's mouth telling her to suck.
Michelle's lips wet and puffed only wiped across the nipple refusing to obey.

Grimbald watched from his chair. Michelle was been eased down the settee her
left leg hooked on the backrest ridge heels and suspenders still on. Claudia
was naked also apart from her black high heels. And she too now had both feet
off the floor climbing between Michelle's legs, looking weird with the long
hair, silicone tits and her blurring hairless cock.

&quot;Awwwwww ugggggh ah, ah, ah.&quot; Michelle was writhing laid back on the
seat. She gasped as Claudia drilled into her at the same time rubbing their
hard tits together. Claudia's face was elegant but now looked somewhat perverse
as she now realized this was a strange man not a beautiful woman. She could
hear her pussy slop at the thrusts in and out and for the first time she
realized she was no longer in control; her mind amazed. &quot;This had been her
father in laws special intimate friend? Jesus! She would have never
thought...&quot; The blonde groaned as Claudia rubbed her cock end deep inside
her, the she male's eyes ablaze with enjoyment.

&quot;Ohhhhh you dirty bitch aggggg hu, hu, hu get on the floor on your hands
and knees.&quot; Groaned Claudia hair now matted to her sweating face.

Michelle obeyed dropping on all fours in front of Grimbald.

She gave a huge grunt as Claudia mounted her from behind her long nailed
fingers gripping into the blonde tight waist. The bare cock rammed up her again
the waxed pelvis of the she male smacking against Michelle's firm fleshy butt.

&quot;Ugh, ugh, ugh!&quot;

Grimbald looked shocked more than aroused his face frozen as he looked into
Michelle's eyes. Suddenly he was snapped out of it.
&quot;Aieeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!&quot; A long howl of ecstasy emitted from Claudia
as her cock pumped its load into the tight hole.

Michelle felt disgusted, she whined teeth gritted as she felt her insides awash
with this weird mans spunk, her waist stinging from his gentle nailed grip. She
sighed as the cock fell from her a few seconds later the indignity finally
over.

As Claudia dressed and wiped her brow Michelle curled on the floor virtually
naked. She was sniffling, her eyes welling up. She'd decided it was time to
turn on the tears. Grimbald picked up her dress stuttering a little with
nerves.

&quot;M... m... miss. P... please, there no need for that. Please remember you
agreed to this.&quot;

Michelle felt his attitude softening and took advantage. She looked up at him
with her angelic eyes mouth quivering.

&quot;Mr Grimbald please; how much more of this awfulness is there?&quot;

Grimbald gulped he had three tapes and messages left.

&quot;A few more hours.&quot; He said sheepishly then cringed as she burst out
crying.

&quot;Oh god no! No more please its so embarrassing.&quot; Claudia gave a
disgusted scoff shaking her head before bidding farewell.

&quot;Thank you Miss Claudia,&quot; replied Grimbald kissing her hand,
&quot;and good night.&quot;

Michelle heard the bitches' heels leave the room before she turned up the heat
on the old lawyer.

&quot;There's no need for any more.&quot; She sobbed sitting up her firm bust
exposed and magnificent. &quot;Bartholomew's dead he wouldn't know would
he?&quot;

Grimbald shook his head at her suggestion. She ignored his rejection and
continued. But this time with more steel in her voice.

&quot;Listen Grimbald! He's dead you're not.&quot; She stood up naked in front
of him. &quot;What does the next envelope say?&quot; Grimbald didn't need to
open it to answer.

&quot;We have to go down town and you have to fuck some ugly drunk in a
bar.&quot;

Michelle gave a sarcastic laugh startling the old man.

&quot;Fuck! Is that it? Fuck a guy in a bar! Jesus, how original.&quot; She put
her hand on her hip looking seductively at him. &quot;I've fucked many men in
bars in my time.&quot; She said proudly. &quot;No, I don't think we will.&quot;
She then added.

Grimbald was about to re explained the idea of a legal contract when she
interrupted him. She reached for the envelopes in his hand gently tugging them
from his grip. She tossed them onto the cold fire place.

&quot;Why don't we just come to an arrangement between ourselves?&quot; He eyes
widened as she moved closer to him. &quot;Yes, I am a tramp. Yes I can be a
dirty bitch. What does all this prove? What do you think Bartholomew would be
doing if he were here? Getting weirdoes and servants to fuck me? Or doing it
himself?&quot;

Grimbald gulped. She had him. She started the schoolgirl act again.

&quot;You've been so polite, so nice to me. I know you're only obeying his
instructions.

She took her dress from his hands adding,&quot; I'm going to my room now and if
you want to see how much of a dirty bitch I can be for my inheritance I suggest
you follow in a few minutes.&quot;

Grimbald's glasses were misting up in the warm room. She'd already turned to
head for the stairs. He fumbled in his pocket for a match. As Michelle reached
the top of the stairs she looked back at the glowing fireplace Grimbald knelt
at the hearth watching the flames do their work on the discarded envelopes. She
smiled knowing she was back in control.

By the time Grimbald entered her room she was already in the bathtub. He moved
nervously to the tiled side room. The leggy blonde was soaking herself in a
small amount of water, allowing her fantastic glistening body to be admired in
all its detail.

She beckoned for him to enter with a seductive curled finger.

She theatrically soaked a long leg then trailed across tummy and tits.

&quot;I've mixed the water with oil.&quot; She cooed giving him a wink.
&quot;It makes me so slippery and shiny don't you think?&quot;

Grimbald legs nearly buckled.

He knelt next to the bath his hands wanting to touch. She pulled his wrists
until he cupped her tits. She looked into his eyes. &quot;Shall we begin?&quot;
Michelle turned around in the slippery bath until she was knelt holding onto
the rear end of the bath rim, her ass pointing towards him. &quot;Massage my
butt.&quot; She said waving the plump glistening cheeks at him. His hand began
to grope the flesh the oil and water making her skin difficult to hold.
&quot;Oh Miss you're lovely.&quot; He gasped feeling her ass in his hands. She
in turn gave satisfied grunts looking back at him. &quot;Use your
fingers,&quot; She whispered. 

&nbsp;

He
looked confused. &quot;Fingers?&quot; 

&nbsp;

She
nodded to her own round rear. &quot;Hmm fingers yes, put them up my ass.&quot; 

&nbsp;

Grimbald
pressed two nervous fingers against her rim. The oil had trickled between her
ass crack lubricating her rear hole, and Michelle gritted her teeth as his
digits pressed home. &quot;Nnnnnnnnn!&quot; His two fingers pushed up her to
the knuckle. The old man could feel her hot muscles gripping; like he was
pushing his finger between two squeezed balloons. He tried to bend them and
Michelle gave another grunt her head still looking seductively back over her
shoulder. He pressed in more firmly. The flesh yielded a little until his
fingers became frustrated they could travel no further. &quot;Oh Michelle do you
like that? You feel so tight and hot.&quot; The blonde tart didn't answer,
instead just gave another sensuous groan.

He slowly withdrew his fingers, her sphincter popping closed again. But only
for a second of relief, as he then tried with three fingers.

&quot;Uggggggg, ohhhhhhhhhh Mr Gimbald!&quot; She yelped, gripping the bath rim
tighter.

He twisted his fingers around her rim gently widening it.

&quot;Michelle I want to do something I've always fantasized about.&quot; He
said nervously, still flexing the buried fingers.&quot; I've seen you in tight
ass hugging dresses so many times. You have such an amazing rear.&quot; Michele
didn't answer knowing this to be so true.

He began to remove his fingers again, using his other hand to smear above her
ass crack with oil from the bathtub, the juice trickling down over her hole.

He pressed back onto her rim, this time Michelle jerking forward giving another
little yelp, her nails biting the enamel. He had formed his hand, four finger
and thumb into a conical shape, pressing the point hard against her hole. He
continued to explain.

&quot;I once saw a film with a woman taking a hand all the way up her
ass.&quot; He pressed harder Michelle biting her lip in pain.

&quot;I've always wondered what it would take to for someone to let that happen
to them. I've always wanted to have my hand inside your fat perfect rear; to be
able to feel inside you and see the reaction in your eyes.&quot;

Michelle groaned then nodded and gave him a seductive stare.

&quot;I've told you. What ever it takes to make you happy with me.
Uggggggg!&quot; Encouraged Grimbald began to push harder. Michelle making
squealing and gasping sounds.

His hand wouldn't go; the blonde's tight ass had stretched until the fingers
were buried just below the knuckle but then she began to scream her body unable
to take any more.

&quot;Uggggggggg. Stop, stop Grimbald! Uggggggghhhhh!&quot; It felt like he was
ripping her open his hard fingers like daggers in her rear.

He took a deep breath his confidence building. He reached for the bell pulley
to summon the butler. Michele was still groaning and bucking when Spence
arrived. Grimbald was still gently pressing, unsuccessfully; while his other
hand kneaded her ass.

The butler didn't bat an eye lid at the sight. Michelle with greased tits
hanging down as she knelt doggie in the tub, the old fuck with his hand half
way in her ass.

&quot;Spence,&quot; the lawyer said in frustration. &quot;I need some help
here!&quot;

Efficient as ever the butler searched around for a bit that she could take in
her mouth. He used a wooden tooth brush handle.

&quot;Here bite on this.&quot; He said, pushing it rudely into her mouth. He
then placed both his cold hands on her ass cheeks, pulling them apart.
&quot;There you are sir, try now.&quot;

Michelle groaned and shook, the man pressing painfully hard.

She wriggled and pulled away spitting the bit from her mouth.

&quot;Ugh fuck it won't go ugggggg Jez!&quot; She was angry now this bastard
not getting the point. She tried to knell up and gave a shocked yelp as the
butler pushed her back down. He gripped under her, his hand holding her tits
tightly the other arm pressing onto her shoulder blades. This wasn't sexual,
but instead a hard pinning embrace.

Grimbald took his queue, her wobbling fleshy ass bouncing as she tried to break
free.

&quot;Agggggggggggggggggg nnnnnnooooooo ohhhhhhhhhhhh!&quot;

He pressed the oil cone hand into her again. At the point where the resistance
had been too great he took a gulp and pressed on. She screamed, making him
cringe, but he still pressed on.

The hand felt like it was tearing her apart. But at the last second, her flesh
about to split she felt her rim grip over his knuckles.

&quot;Oooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.&quot; The sphincter was closing around his wrist,
his fist inside her.

&quot;Oooohhhhhh Goddddd!&quot; It felt like she was sitting on a flag pole.
Grimbald had done it. His hand was inside her tight rubbery void. He tried to
open his fingers but her muscles forced them to remain in the aching cone
shape.

She groaned, the sensation of a hand in her ass disgusting yet it had a
perverse pleasure.&quot; This man had his hand up her beautiful proud
ass.&quot; She looked up at the ornate ceiling of the master bathroom.
&quot;Just one evening,&quot; she told herself, &quot;one evening for all
this!&quot;

Grimbald began to pump back and forth, an inch or so each thrust.

&quot;Ohhhh God that feels so firm!&quot; Michelle moaned, now back into her
game.

The butler was stood back watching in delight the bulge in his trousers
evident.

&quot;Ah, ah, ah!&quot; She grunted as Grimbald explored inside her; still not
quite believing where his hand was. Her rim was red and taut; her cheeks
bulging around his lucky wrist the gel foaming at the point were it passed her
rim. He had his hand inside this beautiful arrogant bitch. Each movement made
her flinch and buck, his pumping motion increasing.

&quot;Ugggggggggg!&quot; She felt like she had an animal burrowing up inside
her, digging deeper and deeper.

The old lawyer felt under her, teasing a nipple then massaging the whole hot
wet melon. She stared at his face her lips quivering seeing his eyes widen as
he flexed his hand seeing her eyes widen in filling sensation.

&quot;Oooooooooo!!&quot;

Grimbald nodded and the butler unzipped his pants.

For the second time that evening she began to suck the butler's dick. It was
difficult for as she bobbed forward onto the eager member, her ass wanted to do
differently jolting and shaking from the slowly increasing anal fist fuck. She
coughed and spluttered the hard cock banging against the back of her throat;
the forward ass thrusts making her almost swallow the butlers cock to the base
each time.

Her clit tingled so much from internal pressure, and now the hot cock between
her lips the butler already groaning. Spittle dripped from her lips as she
sucked and devoured the man's meat. Both men were humiliating her with dirty
talk arousing her more and more.

&quot;Yean suck it you dirty bitch, that's it ahhh.&quot;

&quot;Ride it Michelle ride my hand! Oh god that's deep any second now I'm
going to be able to grip that cock stuffed down your throat.&quot;

Michelle gargled in sensual fright.&quot; It felt like it!&quot;

She spat the cock from her mouth gasping, gripping the shaft with her greased
hand.

&quot;Ugggggggg ohhhhhhh my clit! Quicker,&quot; she said reaching under
herself, her fingers opening her slit showing the flowering bud, I'm
coming!!!!!!!&quot;

She pressed onto her own clit with a nail, Grimbald pumping back and forth;
long thrusts his hand always wrist deep inside her. She couldn't stop Spence
stuffing his cock back in her mouth and she choked as she came.

Her pussy was electric, her ass muscles flexing trying to pump the hand from
her. She jerked and shook the orgasm sweeping over her. Her ass continued to
spasm and Grimbald felt his hand been shit out of her. He pulled it back slowly
easing it around her sore rim a scream of pain and ecstasy from Michelle.

&quot;Eieeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!&quot; Plop! The hand was out, her anus spluttering
in relief.

The old man was panting and aching from been on his knees so long. The butler
still waving his cock at the blonde's mouth, as she also panted, orgasm
subsiding totaly exhausted.

&quot;Oooohhhhhhh fuck!&quot; Michelle groaned pushing the hairy pelvis of the
butler away. I need a...&quot;

&quot;No time for a rest.&quot; Grimbald said commandingly, &quot;to the bed
room.&quot;

The butler roughly lifted Michelle and frog marched to her luxurious room,
four-poster bed and all. She was still glistening in oil her magnificent tits
hard, nipples erect from the devastating orgasm. The butler looked ridiculous
dressed in black his hard hot cock pointing straight out, bouncing as he
walked. Grimbald was stripping, his old frame dry and winkled his own cock
looking long and hard.

The butler threw her onto the bed and began to disrobe. Grimbald was now naked.
He looked like a fucking alien his skin grey his skeletal frame showing through
his ancient skin; and that hard erect cock looking too big for his scrawny hips
and waist.

&quot;The contract is there on the table,&quot; he said his eyes now lustful no
longer detached and professional. &quot;Once we've finished having you I'll
sign his estate over to you.&quot; Michelle brushed her hair from her face and
opened her mouth as if to speak. Then she paused, looked at the contract and
nodded in agreement. Grimbald nodded back.

&quot;Good, now let's fuck.&quot;

The men started by first eating Michelle out. She lay on her back long legs
open and bent pushing her calves up by her tiptoes. This raised her pussy mound
allowing Grimbald and the butler to lick and sucked her clit and hole like two
hungry dogs fighting over the same bowl of food. Eventual Grimbald won getting
his mouth fully over her hole, sucking for dear life. Spence went down on her
tit's biting and sucking all the while making her jerk his impressively
resilient cock.

Grimbald could wait no longer and he climbed on top of her sliding his cock up
her twat.

She felt so hot and surprisingly tight. Michelle hooked her legs around him
jerking up taking the old cock deep inside. She was hot and horny.&quot; Why
fight it!&quot; Spence pushed his cock back into her mouth and she blew him as
he towered over her head. Grimbald had his hand all over her tits and waist
kissing her neck watching closely as her pink lips savoured the butler's cock.

Then they swapped, Spence taking her doggie his cock at last ramming up inside
her. He groaned with relief thrusting hard, making her ass tremble and tits
swing. Grimbald finally had his cock between her arrogant lips. The night was
going incredibly well, his hand up her ass, now his cock in her pussy and
mouth.

Michelle felt like a rag doll. The butler was like a steam train; his hands
holding her waist painfully tight thrusting into her with vengeance. She
wondered how many dinner parties he imagined this scene at. All the times he
had bent down near her exposed cleavage to serve wine; when she had bid him
goodnight in a seductive way; when she had been in riding jompers...
&quot;Uggggggggg!&quot; He was coming!

&quot;Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh yesssss, yesssssssssss that's it you bitch
ohhhhhhhhh!&quot;

The butler emptied into her as he pounded from the rear. Michelle coughed on
the mouth buried cock. Her pussy was frothing, full of jism. &quot;Jezzzzz he's
fucking been storing it up!&quot; She thought as his spent cock slopped from
her soaking pussy.

Grimbald pulled his cock from her mouth rolling her onto her side. He curled
behind her gripping her tits like handle bars pushing his groin against her
rear.

&quot;Now to bugger you!&quot; He shouted trying to provoke a response.

Michelle arched her back, her tits thrust out onto his gripping paws and grit
her teeth.

Grimbald convulsed in pleasure his hard bent cock darting up where his hand had
been earlier. The muscles once again gripped tightly and he groaned in delight
knowing he was fucking hard up this stunning woman's ass.

&quot;Ugh, ugh, ugh, ugh!&quot;

He was an animal now. His years deserting him, as he pushed his frail body
against the sculpted perfect rear of Michelle.

&quot;Uggg, yes, yes you bitch ohhhhh ugggghhhhh!&quot; He was also nearing an
ultimate climax.

&quot;Yes, yes yes uhhhhhhhhhhhh!&quot; He came pulling her tits back hard
trying to force his balls and body up her rear.

&quot;Ohhhhhhhhhh!&quot; Michelle squealed like a stuck pig feeling him flood
her sore anal route, the filthy fuck almost over.

He slipped from her, pushing the beauty away from him in contempt.

&quot;You're nothing,&quot; he panted as he knelt up. &quot;A filthy whore just
like Bartholomew said.&quot;

She didn't reply just rolled onto her back her hands feeling for her own sore
ass. Grimbald got up and reached for the contract. Michelle pulled the covers
over her bosom suddenly finding some modesty. The butler had begun to dress and
now only Grimbald remain openly naked his cock hanging limp.

&quot;Hmmmmm that's it,&quot; he said jotting his signature onto the paper.
&quot;Bartholomew's estate is handed over to you for safe keeping until a time
when his son may be deemed fit to return.&quot;

Michelle smiled in satisfaction. She knew that to be never.

The ravished blonde took hold of the contract laughing in delight.

&quot;Grimbald, you're all fucking heart. See yourself out boys.&quot; She
cooed rubbing her sweaty long pins together curling up in the big bed.
&quot;Well,&quot; she thought,&quot; might as well get used to the
luxury.&quot;

Grimbald nodded politely and quickly dressed. As the two men left he gave her a
curt smile. &quot;I really did enjoy my hand up your ass Mrs Thorne.&quot; He
said with a wicked glint in his eye.

Michelle gave him an angry but victorious glare back.

&quot;Like I said Mr Grimbald, see yourself out.&quot;

Michelle work early that morning to find Spence had also seen himself out.
She'd assumed he would have come with the estate. But never mind she'd find a
new butler, probably Spanish with a tight ass. It was more of a surprise when
the kitchen staff didn't appear to be at work either. After all they'd cooked
the evening meal hadn't they? A little frustrated she made her own breakfast
with the few items in the poorly stocked kitchen larder. And then decided that
if they were all this incompetent she was better off without them.

Suddenly she heard the main door open and voices. She got off her seat and
walked slowly across to the main reception hall. Her ass was aching this
morning and she knew full well why, so she didn't hurry.

The suited men were a little surprised to see the bath robed blonde standing in
front of him.

&quot;Can I help you?&quot; One said in a surprised tone, then looked at his
well-dressed colleague.

The next few minutes were confusing to say the least, for both parties. The
woman kept saying it was her house. This they knew not to be true. After all
they were in charge of liquidating this asset along with most of Bartholomew
Thorne's possessions. The woman was so aggressive and no matter what they said
she just kept screaming and stamping her feet.

The men from the bank were patient. This would take some time to straighten
out. But never mind, it was all above board. The Thorne business was near
bankrupt and the bank had been very fair. They'd even allowed his servant
cottage in the mansion grounds to remain in the family just so his son might
one day have somewhere to return to. It was a bit run down but with a little
effort it would be a good home.

They'd guessed by now this despairing blonde beauty in front of them was Mrs
Thorne But they couldn't understand why she was looking so pale. After all, the
cottage was hers. And as Mr Grimbald had informed them that morning she was now
the sole recipient of all Bartholomew Thorne's remaining estate.







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Finc


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





