BDSM Library - Discovering Mom




Discovering Mom
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A family rediscovers itself






Discovering Mom









Over the past few years I have grown increasingly attracted to my young 

daughter. I have tried to hide my growing attraction, but I am just drawn to her 

like a bee to honey. I love to be around her, and I have to mentally slap myself 

from reaching out and molesting her whenever I am near her. I am her daddy and 

she looks for my approval in everything. I would die if anyone found out about 

my lust for her.

Let me fill in some background, My family consists of my wife, Sherry, of 

eighteen years, a woman still beautiful if a bit more seasoned than the young 

nineteen year old I married. She stays in shape and has always had a nice figure 

standing at 5' 3" and 115 pounds. Sherry is a bit of a prude when it comes to 

sex. We have always enjoyed each other, but we were both virgins when we 

married, and I think she doesn't think she should do "those things". She will 

suck me on occasion, but only after a great deal of foreplay on my part. I still 

love her very much, and I still find her very sexually stimulating even after 

all these years.

Our first child was a boy named Jason who was born 14 years ago. He is turning 

into a strong good-looking kid, and currently stands 5'7". Jason has always been 

athletic and plays both football and soccer.

Next came the apple of my eye, Lisa. She is now 11 and started budding just last 

year. She has a beautiful face and stands just 4'10". Her breasts have barely 

started, and although I have not seen them recently, Sherry has told me that her 

nipples are just at the puffy stage, and only recently started wearing a bra to 

cover up the progress.

From the outside, we are the perfect midwestern family, no real problems, a nice 

house in the suburbs, everything that society thinks of as ideal. My thoughts 

about Lisa are the one thing that would make me stand out from the norm. Over 

the past six months, I have started to let my thoughts about Lisa consume me. I 

think about her all the time, I logically know it is not right or healthy, but I 

can't help it. Each morning I wake up feeling guilty about my thoughts, I go to 

work and try to convince myself that what I am thinking is not healthy. Then I 

go home and Lisa jumps into my arms for a hug, and I am drawn back into the web 

of elicit thoughts.

Two months ago, I started wondering how I could get into Lisa's pants without 

getting in to trouble, or getting divorced. I wondered about that each day. I 

knew that if I were to be successful, it would have to happen in a way that my 

wife and possibly others wouldn't kill me. I tried for several weeks to come up 

with a plan that would satisfy all of my desires and still keep my lifestyle 

unchanged.

Six weeks ago, I was down at the local pub tossing back a few beers with some 

guys from work. I work at a large corporation, and probably two thirds of the 

people in the bar were from my company. I only knew a couple of people at the 

table I was at. The guy sitting next to me was a guy I had never met before. He 

was a big guy, 6'4", probably 250 pounds. He had the look of a biker with 

scraggly hair and a handlebar mustache. His name was Bill and he was fairly 

friendly, and we chatted about the baseball game we were watching. Over the 

course of the evening, I found out he had just put in his two-week notice at the 

company, and was moving out of state. I guess he had just gone through a 

divorce, and needed a change.

I don't normally drink too much, but on this evening, I just felt like hanging 

out. Towards the end of the baseball game, Bill and I were the only ones left at 

the table. We continued to chat about inconsequential things, and he talked a 

long time about his ex-wife and how he needed to move and how he needed to make 

more money.

The game ended and we went our separate ways. Over the next few days, a thought 

started forming in my head about my main Lisa obsession. I went looking for Bill 

at the company and couldn't find him anywhere. I went by the bar every night 

that week looking for him, but it wasn't until the following week that I ran 

into him again. I sat down next to him and we started up where we left off. We 

talked for another hour or so, and then he said he was leaving. I walked with 

him out to the car, and finally, I screwed up my courage and made a small leap 

of faith.

"Bill how would you like to make some extra money", I asked. "I have some work 

to be done, but it might not be completely legal". I waited to see his reaction.

He hesitated, and then said, "What kind of work are we talking?"

"Well, lets just say that you won't be stealing anything and you won't be 

hurting anyone, but it is something that could get us in trouble if anyone found 

out."

"How much are we talking?"

"Well", I hesitated, "How about ten grand?"

"Whoa, what the hell do you want me to do for that much?"

"Well, why don't you think about it a bit. What day is your last day at work?"

"Friday", he said.

"Ok, if you are still interested on Friday, I will be here in the parking lot 

after work on Friday. I will fill you in then. Just think about it. I can 

guarantee that you won't get into trouble, and you will walk away with a nice 

chunk of change."

He looked at me wearily, but then said that he would think about it. I drove 

home wondering what the hell was I thinking. If my plan backfired, my whole 

world would explode.

Every day that week I was a nervous wreck. I wondered if I would really go 

through with my plan, but every night, I would see Lisa and my lust would build.

Finally, Friday afternoon rolled around, and I was sitting in the parking lot of 

the pub looking for Bill's car. It was almost 7, and I was about to leave when I 

saw his pickup pull in. I waved him over and he got in to my car. We sat for a 

few minutes, and then I started the car and started driving.

"Well, are you still interested?", I asked.

"I'm not sure, I need to hear what your plan is about, and then I will tell 

you."

I nodded, and said that was fair. I decided to spill the beans. I told him about 

my daughter and my desire to taste her body. I told him every detail of my plan. 

I spent half an hour going over every detail. I had spent every minute of the 

past few weeks formulating this plan and I was pretty sure it had no wholes.

"Wow!" he finally said. "You are one perverted dude! It sounds like you've been 

thinking about this for a while."

"Well, kinda..." I smiled.

He asked me how the payment would be made, and I said I would give him 500 right 

now just for listening. And if he wanted more, I told him where and when the 

whole thing would go down.

We parted company, and even after talking to him for several hours, I still 

wasn't sure if he would go through with it.

Several weeks went by, and my wife and kids started packing for our annual trip 

to our summer cabin. My wife's family had owned the cabin since the thirties. We 

share the cabin with all of Sherry's siblings, and each year we go and spend a 

week in the back woods to relax. The cabin is about an hour and a half drive, 

and is way out in the middle of nowhere. There is no power other than a 

generator, and no phone service, line or mobile available anywhere. It is 

basically camping but in a small cabin. There are no neighbors, and the drive in 

is on three miles of dirt road. The cabin has only one small bedroom, two 

pullout couches, and a kitchen.

We arrived at the cabin on Saturday morning around 11. Everyone was in a good 

mood, with Jason and Lisa not fighting all the way, which was rare. I unlocked 

the front door and stood aside so that Sherry and Lisa could go in first. I 

followed them in with Jason right behind me. I was disappointed when nothing 

looked amiss inside the cabin.

I figured that Bill might have chickened out, so my anxiety started to drop.

We were in the cabin about five minutes, when there was a large noise and the 

front door went flying open. There stood Bill, looking as mean as he could. He 

had let his facial hair grow, and looked very different from when ? had seen him 

last. He had a very large gun in his hand.

"Everybody freeze!!" He yelled.

Sherry and Lisa screamed and there was panic in the air for a minute.

"Everybody calm down. I have no intention of hurting you. Please just all of you 

sit on the couch and don't move."

Sherry was freaking out, "What do you want with us, why are you here?"

"I will explain everything when everyone just relaxes for a few minutes", He 

said as he came in and sat in the recliner facing all of us. After a couple of 

minutes, when Lisa and Sherry stopped crying, he finally started talking.

"Ok, just relax everybody. I need a place to crash for a few days, and you guys 

are going to help me do that. I don't want to be moving around right now, so 

I've decided that I am going to be your house guest for the next few days."

There was dead silence for about three minutes, and then Bill continued. 

"Everybody just relax, I won't hurt anyone unless you guys try and do something 

stupid. All I want is someplace to lay low and sleep and eat. I promise not to 

hurt anyone if you will just let me stay here."

Sherry started saying, "Please don't hurt anyone, you can stay here, just don't 

hurt anyone."

"That's more like it, now everybody relax..." he started talking to us over the 

next half hour, Sherry and the kids were a bit less nervous. I was having to act 

nervous, but I was actually almost in shock that this whole thing was my doing. 

Bill had Sherry and Lisa put things away, and he said that as long as everyone 

was calm everything would work out ok.

After the food and things were put away, Bill had everyone come back in the main 

room. He told Lisa to turn on the stereo and we just sat and stared at him for a 

few minutes.

"What do you guys do up here all week?", he asked.

Everyone was quiet so I spoke up, "Well, we hike and fish and swim and generally 

just try and relax."

Another five minutes went by and Bill finally said, "Well, I've been in jail for 

quite a while, and I would really love to watch a woman dance for me. So who 

will it be Momma, or baby girl?"

"What!!", Sherry said. "We will do no such thing!!"

Bill stood and pulled Sherry to her feet and walked her into the kitchen. I 

could overhear what he was telling her.

"Look!!", he whispered, "You will do what I say, if you don't want anyone to get 

hurt. Now I can strip and rape your little girl in there, or you can be nice and 

do a little dancing for me. I promise that if you cooperate a bit, I will not 

fuck you or your daughter, but if you fight me someone will get hurt, and I 

guarantee you I will be plowing your little girl!!"

After a minute or so, they walked back and Bill sat in the chair. I wasn't sure 

how he was going to get some cooperation from Sherry, but the threat of raping 

Lisa was the hot button that got Sherry to comply. She started to sway to the 

music and had her eyes closed. She danced for a few minutes, when Bill said, 

"Take off your shirt"

Sherry's eyes shot open, "What?!"

"You heard me! I want to see your titties!!", Bill said in a low voice.

"Please, let me send the kids to the bedroom, I can't do this in front of 

them.", Sherry pleaded.

"I don't think so... Besides, I think your boy over there might enjoy the show 

as well"

Sherry turned ten shades of red and looked at me pleadingly. I shrugged my 

shoulders, and didn't say anything. Sherry pleaded for another minute, and then 

Bill growled, "NO, start dancing, or our deal is OFF!!"

She looked at him and then started dancing again. There were tears welling up in 

her eyes. She hesitated for the longest time, then she moved over to in front of 

Jason and turned to face away from him. She was trying to make it so he didn't 

see anything as she pulled her shirt off. She was wearing a very pretty lime 

green bra. It encased her breasts beautifully. She continued to dance and Bill 

motioned her to move toward him which she did. Jason's eyes were as big as 

saucers. Bill said, "Now turn around and go stand right in front of the boy, and 

take?off the bra. Hey kid, have you ever seen titties?"

Jason was dumbstruck and finally said, "ahhh, no, aahhh, I haven't"

"Ok mamma, go show your boy your titties, and rub them a little for him, let him 

see them move"

Sherry was very upset, the tears were running down her cheeks. She hesitated, 

but she moved slowly over in front of Jason and undid her bra. She held it up 

with her underarms for a very long time. She took a deep breath, closed her 

eyes, and finally let it drop. Jason was looking right at his mother's breasts 

when Sherry squeezed them with both hands. When opened her eyes, she looked 

right into Jason's eyes and held her hands over her breasts to cover them. Bill 

let that go on for more than a minute and then he said, "Hey, don't forget the 

rest of us, we want to see too!"

Sherry started moving around the room again, swaying to the music. Her breasts 

were moving with her and her body looked great. Her face was totally red from 

embarrassment with tears now running down her face Bill then said, "ok, now the 

pants."

Sherry stopped and didn't move. She covered her face with her hands. I almost 

stopped this whole thing, but after a few seconds, she just looked down and just 

unzipped them. She was facing away from Bill and let the pants drop to the 

floor. She was now in just her panties, and she started dancing. I could see the 

tent in Jason's pants, but Bill's and mine were no less tented. Lisa was in 

shock and didn't know what to do or say as she watched her mother act in a way 

that she had never imagined.

A full song went by with Sherry continuing to dance, and Bill then said, "Ok 

sweetheart, now the panties". Again Sherry protested and started crying, and 

asked to send the kids out of the room. She pleaded and pleaded but Bill didn't 

say a word. He just sat and stared at her. After a minute or two, she just stood 

right in front of Bill, closed her eyes, and dropped her panties. She stood 

without moving for a long time with her eyes closed, and Bill just said one 

word..."Dance"

She opened her eyes and looked at him and started to move. I could tell she had 

hatred for Bill. Jason was in shock. Here was his dear sweet mother, naked and 

dancing right in front of him. Sherry wouldn't turn toward Jason or me and kept 

her front toward Bill. Bill made a motion with his hand to move around the room. 

She hesitated, but then started drifting. She danced over to where I was sitting 

and danced while looking at me. She then moved over and stood right in front of 

Jason and looked right at him and she danced. Her shaved pussy was only two feet 

from him. His face was beet red and you could tell he was uncomfortable.

The song changed and she moved around the room again. I was so hot it was 

unbelievable. Bill looked over at me and asked me my name. I'm sure this was to 

preserve my cover, and I told him, "Jason"

"Ok Jason, since she is your wife, see how wet she is..."

"huh...", was all I could muster.

Bill looked at me and said, "Bend her over and see if she is really wet"

I stood and walked to where Sherry was dancing next to Bill. I was about to just 

reach down and check, but I decided to make more of a show out of it. I pulled 

her arm and made her bend over the end of the couch. Her head was resting right 

next to where Lisa was sitting. I went behind her and slid two fingers deep into 

her pussy. She was dripping. I am surprised it wasn't running down her legs. I 

pulled my fingers out and said, "She is very wet"

Bill motioned me over to him and grabbed my hand. He moved his finger over mine 

to collect the juices and then stuck his finger in his mouth. "Nice and tasty... 

mmmmmm"

"Go sit on the couch next to the girl", He said to me. I moved over and sat 

right next to Lisa. Lisa was in the middle with me sitting on her right and her 

mother still bent at the waist over the couch end, and her head right next to 

Lisa on her left.

"Ok, mamma, go see what is in Jason's pocket there that is sticking up so much." 

Sherry looked wide eyed?at him and said, "NO! I can't do that, not in front of 

the kids."

Bill sat for a few seconds, and then stood and walked to where Lisa was sitting 

and grabbed her by the wrist. "Ok, come with me little girl"

Sherry panicked and said, "Ok, Ok, Ok,... Just don't touch her. Why are you 

doing this? How can you be so sick!" Bill released Lisa and waited for Sherry to 

start moving. When Sherry stood, Bill went back to his seat. Sherry moved around 

to kneel in front of me and started rubbing my pants on the outside. My cock was 

so incredibly hard. She was looking at me with pleading eyes trying to ask her 

to get us out of this. I was looking from Sherry to Lisa and back. Lisa was just 

staring right at my crotch and watching her mothers' hands as they moved.

Over the slow beat of the music I heard Bill say, "Pull it out"

Sherry was hesitating, and I thought Bill would get mad again. She looked at 

Lisa and said, "Baby, please don't watch..." I then saw her fingers move to my 

zipper and slowly pull it down. I was mesmerized by what was about to happen. 

She undid the belt and my cock was tented up bigger than it has been in twenty 

years. I moved my hips off the couch and Sherry pulled them down to my ankles. 

She started rubbing my cock through my underwear again and without anyone saying 

anything, she lifted the waistband of my shorts over my cock and let it spring 

into view. I was looking at Lisa as Sherry did this. I wanted to see her 

reaction to seeing my cock for the first time. I heard a little gasp come from 

her as the full 8" wobbled free. I again lifted my hips and Sherry lowered my 

shorts. Sherry moved up and started rubbing the only cock she has ever played 

with, but this time both her kids were watching.

I was watching Lisa who was watching Sherry stroke my cock. I looked over at 

Bill and he had a shit-eating grin on his face. He knew that this is what I 

always wanted. After a minute or so, Bill said, "Let the girl touch it"

"NO!", Sherry gasped, "No please don't go there. Isn't it enough that I've been 

acting like a whore! Please don't involve Lisa in this!!"

Bill was silent for a long time, and then just said in the same quiet tone, "Let 

the girl touch it."

Sherry's hand didn't move at all. I was dying with anticipation. Sherry slowly 

reached over and grabbed Lisa's wrist and brought it toward my cock. The first 

touch of Lisa's fingers were electric, I almost came. Her small fingers 

encircled my cock. At first there was no movement of her fingers, then I felt a 

subtle squeeze. I knew at that point she was curious. I couldn't help it, and I 

move my hips up and down just a tiny bit. Sherry noticed this and looked up into 

my eyes. She looked for a long time, staring deeply into my eyes. Without 

looking away, she took hold of Lisa's wrist and said, "Move your hand up and 

down like this... Move all the way to the top, and then back down... very 

slowly"

Sherry removed her hand and then watched as Lisa started slowly, exquisitely 

rubbing my cock. Sherry sat back as we all watched. The only movement was Lisa's 

hand. I was so excited, and wanted to cum so badly. The minutes seemed to pass 

like hours. I finally had to cum, but I had to have Lisa change her grip. I 

finally said, "Honey, squeeze a little harder"

Sherry glared at me with her mouth agape. She was upset that I was actually 

enjoying this. I felt Lisa's hand squeeze a bit harder, as we all watched. 

Lisa's face was totally intense on watching her hand.

Bill came up behind Sherry and I thought he was going to touch her, which is 

something I asked him to not do as part of our agreement. But he placed his hand 

on her hip and pushed her towards Jason. He said, "Do the same thing to him."

"NO! I WON'T DO THAT!", she cried. "This disgusting!"

Sherry sat back on her knees and covered her face with her hands. Bill walked 

over to her and used the butt of the gun to tap her hand. She opened her eyes 

and had a quick intake of breath when she saw the gun. She looked at Lisa and I 

an? finally she slid on her knees toward Jason and kneeled in front of him. She 

started saying, "Baby, I'm so sorry..." As she was saying that her hands were 

sliding up his thighs. When her fingers first rubbed across his covered cock, he 

groaned out load. She slowly unzipped his pants and she pulled them to his 

ankles. Her fingers immediately went to the waistband of his boxers and lifted 

them up and over his cock. His cock was about the same size as mine and Sherry 

immediately started stroking it.

I looked down and continued to watch Lisa's hand. I moved my hand onto her back 

and rubbed a little. I felt the back strap of her training bra and knew that I 

would be taking that off her very shortly. When I looked back at Sherry and 

Jason, Sherry was looking at her hand as she was stroking his cock. Jason was 

moving his hips around and making a lot of groaning noises.

I needed to cum and I whispered to Lisa, "move your hand a little faster." She 

looked up at me for the first time since she had touched my cock. She looked me 

in the eyes, and after a few seconds, a big smile swept across her face as I 

felt her hand quicken its pace. She continued to look at me and I couldn't take 

it anymore. At that moment I grunted and started cumming. My cum shot out of my 

cock like a shotgun! Lisa was surprised and for half a second she stopped her 

hand movement. I gasped, "no, keep doing it!"

I felt her hand immediately regrasp my cock and started sliding it faster than 

before. I came, and came. My thighs and her hand were covered with cum. After a 

bit, I looked over at Sherry and she was moving her hand faster and faster on 

Jason's cock. Within ten seconds Jason groaned and was starting to cum. Sherry 

moved her hand really fast up and down is shaft and Jason started spewing cum 

everywhere, hitting Sherry in the face.

Bill was sitting back in the recliner smiling at me. I didn't know exactly what 

he had in mind, since I had only given him general directions and goals of what 

I wanted to happen. So far everything was working out perfectly.

Sherry finally pulled off Jason's cock and sat back on the floor. She looked at 

me and I could tell she was very ashamed. Sherry looked at Lisa and me and saw 

that my cum was everywhere. Lisa's hand still rested on my cock, but had stopped 

moving.

Bill was silent as both Jason and I slowed our breath and came back down from 

the orgasmic high. Finally Bill said, "Ok momma, lay down on your back."

Sherry got immediately frightened, and said, "You said you weren't going to rape 

me. I've done everything you've asked, please don't do this."

Bill laughed a little, and said, "Don't worry, I'm not going to do you, but I am 

going to watch while sonny boy over there learns to lick you." I could her the 

little gasp come from Sherry. She hadn't thought about that..."OH god, he's just 

a boy I can't do let him do that."

Bill looked over at Jason and said, "He didn't look like a boy a few minutes ago 

when he was shooting cum all over you."

Sherry's lip was quivering and tears were running down her cheeks, but slid onto 

her back in the middle of the room.

"Come on now buddy boy, get between those legs and let your mamma teach you how 

to lick a little snatch."

Jason's eyes were huge. I don't think he had ever even thought about doing 

something like that, and like most kids, it at first sounded disgusting.

"Come on kid...", Bill said, "you know you've always wanted to see one of 

those."

Jason stood and started to get on his knees. Bill stopped him and said, "Wait, 

take off the rest of those clothes and throw them over here. Jason removed his 

shirt and tossed everything over to Bill. When Jason was doing that, I felt Lisa 

squeeze my cock a bit. I was still semi-hard, and she seemed to enjoy the show 

that Jason was putting on.

Jason tried to move between Sherry's legs, but she had her legs drawn up and 

held tightly together. Jason rested his hands on her knees, and she turned her 

head to the side to look away, and then slowly,?painfully she spread her leg. 

Sherry had a big intake of breath at the first touch of his tongue. At each pas 

of his tongue, she would gasp just a little. After several minutes, she seemed 

to relax a bit. I think the licking was getting to her. She has always been the 

quiet type, but she was making these slight mewing sounds at each pass of his 

tongue on her pussy.

Lisa's hand started stroking my cock again on its own. I could tell she was very 

turned on as well.

When I was sure no one was looking at me, I pointed to Lisa and then pointed to 

the floor. Bill smiled and then said, "little girly, stand up and let your daddy 

remove your clothes."

She didn't need to be asked twice. She stood in front of me looking me right in 

the eyes with a big smile on her face. I'm not sure if she ever had thought 

about me touching her in this way, but it was something I had dreamed about 

forever. I grasped the bottom of her shirt and pulled it over her head. She was 

still smiling, but she flushed red when I first saw her tiny bra. I rubbed my 

hands over her stomach and sides, before reaching my hands around her back and 

unclasping the training bra. I let it slip off her very slowly. I was looking 

into her eyes as it fell to the floor. She was looking straight down at the bra. 

I waited a moment, and she then looked up and saw me looking at her. She again 

smiled and for the first time I looked down and saw her tiny nipples. They were 

better than I had imagined. Both nipples were the size of a dime, but the area 

around each was pushed out about an inch. I couldn't resist, I leaned in and 

kissed each and for just a second I sucked on first one and then the other. I 

looked back up and Lisa's eyes were closed.

I waited for her to open them and when she did, reached to her front and 

unsnapped her jeans. My cock was again rock hard again. The zipper went down and 

I caught a glimpse of her pink little girl panties. As her pants went down, I 

recognized the panties as ones that I had seen in the wash many times. They had 

tiny kittens on the front and back and I always thought how appropriate it was 

that her little pussy was surrounded by cute little pussies.

In the background, I could hear Sherry groaning and cooing as Jason continued 

his licking. I tossed the pants off to the side. I again looked up at Lisa's 

face and looked her in the eye. I was about to cross a huge line in our 

relationship, and I loved her so much that if she had been crying or something, 

I probably would have stopped right there. But she was looking me in the eye, 

and when I smiled, she broke into a huge smile. I then hooked my thumbs on the 

waistband of those cute panties and slid them down. She placed her hand on my 

shoulder so that she could step out of them. When I looked down, I saw it... I 

saw what I had been dreaming about, that cute little pussy. It had only the 

wisps of hair on it and I could just make out the lips as she stood before me.

Bill saw that Lisa was now naked and he said, "Ok girly, come lie down next to 

your mamma." Lisa didn't hesitate and slid down next to Sherry, with their 

shoulders touching. Sherry looked like she was actually starting to enjoy it a 

little, her hands were holding Jason's head on her pussy and she was moving her 

hips around in a circle as his tongue continued its ministrations.

I didn't need to be asked twice and I removed the rest of my clothes, and then 

knelt over Lisa's bent legs. Her legs were together, but as she saw me 

approaching, her legs opened with me touching or saying a thing. I smiled at her 

and she was smiling like I've never seen.

I moved my head between those tiny luscious thighs, and gazed at the prize, my 

daughter's pussy. I couldn't believe that it was finally happening. I kissed 

first her right thigh and then her left. I looked up towards her face and she 

was looking at me watching.

While my eyes were locked with hers, I extended my tongue and licked her pussy 

lips for the first time. Her mouth went from a slight ?mile to a slight gasp as 

she felt me lick her. I started running my tongue up and down her lips, they 

were much wetter than I expected. Then I pushed my tongue in and searched out 

her clit. I knew I had found it when I heard her gasp and then groan.

Sherry was on the verge of an orgasm and I could tell she was really working 

Jason's mouth onto her pussy.

Bill went over next to Jason an tapped him on the head. Jason looked up and Bill 

just said, "Get up here and fuck her... I think she is ready"

Jason moved up her body and Sherry didn't even hesitate, She guided his cock 

into her for the first time. He started pounding away at her and within seconds 

she came and was groaning very loudly for the longest time. Jason was spreading 

Sherry's legs out as wide as they would go and her leg was laying on my back as 

I licked Lisa.

After a few more moments, Jason said he was cumming again and then went limp on 

top of Sherry's body.

Lisa was really getting into having me lick her. She was holding my hair and 

grinding her pussy against my face. Her hips were moving in circles just 

Sherry's had with Jason. I wasn't sure if she could cum. But I was bound and 

determined to try.

Sherry and Jason lay there holding each other and watching me lick Lisa. After a 

short while, Lisa seemed to be building as I really concentrated on her clit. 

She suddenly squeezed her thighs together holding my head in place. She made 

quiet mewing sounds and then relaxed as the orgasm subsided.

My cock was still incredibly hard and I sat back and looked at the others. Bill 

looked down at Sherry and said, "Hey, why don't you teach the girl to suck his 

cock." Sherry looked in shock for a few seconds, but didn't say a word. She 

rolled Jason off of her and crawled in between my legs. She looked back at Lisa 

and said, "Come here sweety..." Sherry watched as Lisa sat up and crawled over 

next to her mom.

"Take hold of it like you did last time." Sherry said. "Just lean down and lick 

the end a little." Lisa did at Sherry told her. "Now put the tip in your mouth, 

and swirl your tongue around the rim a little." Again, Lisa did as she was told.

"Now slide it farther into your mouth, but don't let your teeth touch it..." 

Watching all this was amazing. "Now move your head up and down, and at the same 

time, move your hand up and down on the base. Again, Lisa did exactly what 

Sherry was describing. I was in heaven, the feel of my sweet daughters mouth was 

just too much. I looked at Sherry and said, "I think I'm going to cum soon."

Sherry placed her hand on the back of Lisa's head and said, "ok sweety, your 

daddy is going to shoot out that stuff just like last time. But this time I want 

you to keep your mouth on it and swallow as much of it as possible." Hearing 

that was too much and I shot the first spurt right down her throat. She coughed 

a bit and tried to pull off my cock, but Sherry's hand held her head in place. I 

shot spurt after spurt. I don't think I have ever shot so much in the span of an 

hour.

When the orgasm was over, we all relaxed and lay on the floor. Bill was still 

seated in the chair, and was smiling at me. I couldn't acknowledge our 

conspiracy, but I was smiling along with him, but on the inside.

Bill then walked over to where Sherry was kneeling and he pulled out his cock. 

Now Bill is a big man and his cock was huge. I would guess ten or eleven inches 

and fat as a sausage. He aimed the head of his dick right at Sherry's mouth. She 

moved her head away from the monster cock, but Bill reached down and grabbed her 

by the hair and moved her head around. She wouldn't open her mouth, but Bill 

just stood their and held her hair. Nothing was said, but they just looked in 

each other's eyes. After at least a minute, she slowly opened her mouth. He 

pushed his cock as far down her throat as he could, and then eased off.

He held her on the back of the head, and pounded his cock down her throat. I had 

told bill that he wasn't to touch Lisa, but that if he could get Sherry t? suck 

him that I would be ok with that. He was taking full advantage. His dick was 

going in and out of her mouth faster than I've ever seen. I thought she was 

going to be hurt. He pulled back for a second to let her catch her breath, and 

she was the one to start sucking again. Within a minute he said he was cumming, 

and she swallowed it all down. The fat cock slipped out of my wifes mouth and 

she slumped against the couch.

After a few minutes, Bill spoke up, "How about lunch, I'm starving."

Sherry slowly responded and reached for her clothes. Bill said that we were 

going to spend the next few days naked while he was there. Mainly so that we 

wouldn't try and get away, but also so that he could be entertained like this a 

lot more. Sherry looked shocked at that, but didn't say anything. She went in 

the kitchen and made some sandwiches. It felt a bit odd being naked with my 

family, especially since Bill was fully clothed and watching us at all times.

After lunch, Jason had another hard on. (Oh to be fourteen again.) It was 

obvious to everyone that Bill was in charge. Sherry seemed to accept this fact 

and when Bill started telling us what to do to each other, she seem to be more 

accepting than before lunch.

First, Bill had Lisa suck my cock until it was hard and then had me lay on my 

back on the floor... Bill had Lisa spit on my dick, and then told Sherry to sit 

on my cock and put it up her ass. She went to sit down and Bill told her to face 

away from me when she did it. Sherry has never let me put anything up her ass, 

but she didn't bat an eye and pushed the tip of my dick passed her puckered 

opening. Sherry pushed my cock in farther than I would have ever guessed 

possible.

When my cock was in as far as it was going to go, Bill told Jason to get in 

front Sherry and put his cock in the front side. Sherry leaned back against me 

and spread her legs in invitation to Jason. When Jason started pushing his cock 

into Sherry, I could feel it rubbing against my cock, but separated by Sherry's 

pussy. Jason started really moving in and out of Sherry, and she was moving 

around on my cock with the feelings driving her crazy.

I had my eyes closed just enjoying the feeling, when I heard Lisa's voice. 

"Mister..."

"Yea, what do you want honey".

"Well, ummmm can I umm see your thing", Lisa quietly asked.

My eyes shot open. This was not part of the plan. I looked at Bill who was 

looking at me. I didn't move wondering what he was going to say or do. A few 

moments passed, and then he reached up and unzipped his pants and pulled that 

monster cock out.

Lisa looked over at me and she smiled, then looked back at Bill's cock and 

wrapped both hands around it. I was so startled; I almost came right then and 

there. Lisa stuck her tongue out and licked the end, then amazingly, put the tip 

in her mouth. His cock wasn't totally hard at first, but it got there in a 

hurry. She would slide as much of his cock in her mouth as she could and then 

pull it out and lick her lips, and then do it again. It was so erotic; I didn't 

notice that Jason and Sherry were in the throws of orgasms. And without even 

thinking about it, I came. Watching Lisa suck on the huge cock was unbelievable.

Jason, Sherry and I relaxed and moved apart, but the sounds of Lisa's blowjob 

were just unreal. The three of us just watched as my little girl kept working on 

that cock. Sherry got up to go to the bathroom, and when she got back, Bill was 

stroking his cock and was holding Lisa by the hair with her mouth open right at 

the tip. He shot cum into her mouth, then purposely shot cum on her face, and on 

her titties. If I hadn't had three orgasms in the past three hours, I would have 

been cumming along with him.

After that, the rest of the afternoon we all calmed down, and Bill allowed all 

of us to sleep and relax. He used some rope I had to tie us all to the beds and 

couches so that he wouldn't be worried about us running off. Several hours 

passed and Bill released Sherry to go make dinner. ?he mood was quiet, and the 

reality of what had happened that day was starting to sink in, especially to 

Sherry, who was very quiet. Every once in a while I would see her eyes well up 

with tears, but she would soon think of something else and she would be ok.

After dinner Bill had Jason start a fire and we all were sitting naked in the 

main room. It felt a bit uncomfortable sitting naked, but I was growing used to 

it.

Bill spoke up finally, "Well, there is only one event left for the evening"

We all looked at each other and wondered what he was talking about. I secretly 

guessed but didn't say anything.

"There is only one more cherry to pop here tonight." Bill chuckled.

Sherry looked at me, then at Lisa. Sherry looked at Bill and said, "Please don't 

do that, she is just a little girl. You promised that you wouldn't do that to 

her. That is the only reason I have been willing to do things. Please!"

Bill just smiled and said, "I'm not going to fuck her... but her daddy is."

Sherry looked shocked and looked over at me. I shrugged my shoulders, acting 

like I had no choice. Bill pointed at me and had me lay on the floor in the 

middle of the room. He told Sherry to help me get my dick hard. She started to 

weep again, but then moved to where I was on the floor and started licking my 

cock. It felt wonderful, and I was hard in no time. Bill then told Lisa to stand 

up and straddle me. He told Sherry to guide my cock into her pussy, making sure 

that my cock was slick enough.

When her pussy made contact with my cock, I was in heaven. Sherry held my cock 

at the right angle and told Lisa to push it in a bit at a time, making sure it 

was comfortable. My cock went in about two inches and then I could feel it push 

against her hymen. Sherry told her that it was going to hurt a bit, but that she 

should just push as hard as she could.

Lisa strained on my cock and then I felt the tip of my cock break through. Lisa 

yelped when that happened and a bit of blood leaked out and down my cock, but my 

cock slid in several more inches after that. She could not push the whole thing 

in, but she got almost five inches in.

Sherry asked Lisa if it hurt, and Lisa said, "yea, some..." But she continued to 

slide up and down on it.

Bill told Jason to go and lay down next to me, which he did. Jason of course had 

another hard on, and Bill motioned Sherry to take care of it. Sherry got up and 

straddled Jason's hips, and impaled herself on his cock. The scene was amazing. 

I would have never thought it possible, but here was my wife riding my son's 

cock, and my daughter riding my cock, while they were right next to each 

other... At first she was barely moving on Jason, but after a few minutes, I 

could see that having her sons cock in her was having an effect. Within another 

few minutes, she was bouncing on his cock with wild abandon. My wife's titties 

were flopping all over the place as she rode Jason I have never seen her so 

enthusiastic.

I reached down and grabbed hold of Lisa's hips and started bouncing her faster 

and faster on my cock. The feeling of the super tight pussy was amazing. Within 

a minute, Jason, Sherry and I all came.

When everyone calmed down, Bill said that it was time to put everyone to bed. It 

was only about 9:30, but he wanted to secure everyone. So he tied Sherry and I 

to the bed and tied Jason to one of the couches. I could see out into the main 

room from the bedroom and saw Bill rubbing Lisa's little titties. He sat in the 

recliner and had her sit on his lap. He pulled his cock out again and let her 

play with it. I couldn't get over how excited she was to be playing with his 

cock. She even bent down and sucked it for a while. I couldn't do or say 

anything, but my cock got hard watching my little girl.

She even tried to put the end of his cock in her pussy, but she was too sore and 

he was way too big. She ended up just jacking him off for the longest time. She 

must have sat there rubbing, licking, and sucking for over an hour. Finally, he 

sai? he was going to cum and he shot it all over her body.

When I turned away from her little show, Sherry was lying next to me and could 

see my hard cock. Both of our hands were tied above our heads, but she 

maneuvered her backside against my crotch and I was able to slip my cock in her. 

We had both cum several times that day, but we needed more.

The next morning, Bill untied Sherry and Lisa and had them start breakfast. 

After the dishes were cleaned up, Bill tied Jason and I up again and had the 

girls kneel in front of him. He pulled his cock out and just stood there letting 

them stare at it. Sherry didn't move, but Lisa reached up and started running 

her hands up and down his huge shaft. When Lisa reached in to lick at the end, 

Sherry also leaned forward. After several minutes, Bill lay down on the floor 

and without saying a word, Sherry sat down and mounted his cock. She started 

riding him like there was no tomorrow. Bill pulled Lisa up and had her sit on 

his face. Jason and I could only stare and watch... we couldn't even touch our 

cocks. We watched as both girls came.

After that it was just a blur of sucking, fucking and cumming. Lisa's pussy was 

sore all day, so I didn't get a chance to try her again.

At the end of the day, Bill tied us all up again... all except Lisa. He took her 

back to the recliner and had her playing with his cock. She did seem to love 

playing with it. After at least half an hour, Bill stood up and had Lisa lean 

over the end of the couch. I could see from where I was that Lisa was not 

unhappy about that. Bill then slowly slid the tip of his cock into her pussy. I 

don't think he could get much of it in her, but he was moving her ass all 

around. Lisa was squawking loudly every time Bill's cock would advance in to 

her. When I looked over at Sherry, she was watching and listening just as I was, 

but neither of us said anything. When Bill was about to cum, he lifted Lisa up 

and turned her around and placed the tip of his cock at the entrance to her 

mouth. She opened as wide as she could and he shot cum down her throat. When he 

was done, he pushed her back on the couch and started licking her. She again 

started making lots of noise, and I could tell she was cumming after only a few 

minutes.

The next morning, when we woke up, Bill was gone. He had untied one of my hands 

before he left and I was able to free everyone. When we went to the main room, 

we found all of our clothes were gone, as well as my car. Sherry started to cry 

a bit. I guess from the stress of having a guy with a gun around. I was a bit 

worried, because she seemed very upset most of the day.

Since all the clothes were gone, Sherry had each of us wear a bath towel. I was 

thinking that everything was going back to normal. We had a long talk and 

decided I would walk out to the road to flag someone down. I found some old work 

boots and in my bath towel started walking towards the road. I found my truck 

sitting next to the road, just like Bill and I discussed. I also checked under 

the seat and the envelope of money was also gone. My plan had worked great.

When I returned to the cabin and Sherry saw the car, she wanted to leave right 

away. I took her aside and talked to her for a very long time. Discussing what 

impact the events of the past few days would have on the kids and telling her 

that it might be easier on them if we stayed in the mountains for a few more 

days. She at first didn't like the idea and wanted to call the police as soon as 

possible, but I think she started seeing that letting what happened sink in a 

little before leaving would be better in the long run. The one problem she had 

was that I didn't find the clothes in the car, so we would have to wear the 

towels around all the time we were up there. I said that we had all seen each 

other a lot over the past few days, and that wearing towels was not a big deal.

We explained the situation to the kids and they were ok with it. The rest of the 

day seemed surreal. We had spent two days?fucking each other silly, but now 

everyone was on edge. No one really talked all day; it was as if we were all 

trying to come to grips with what happened.

The evening came and we all sat around and read by firelight. We all went to bed 

early with not much being said.

I walked out to the kitchen at about 11 to get a drink of water. I didn't put a 

towel around me figuring that everyone was asleep. I ran in to Lisa coming out 

of the bathroom and she also was naked. We talked for a minute and standing 

there in the dark, even with not being able to see her very well, my cock got 

hard. Of course Lisa noticed and smiled up at me. She didn't say a word, but 

wrapped her hand around my cock. I pulled her toward me and kissed her on the 

forehead.

She whispered to me, "Daddy, I know mommy won't like me doing this, but can I 

play with your thing for a while?"

I was elated. "Honey you can play with my thing any time you want. Even if mommy 

doesn't know about it, we can keep our little secret."

I picked her up in my arms and she wrapped her legs around my waist. I carried 

her over to the recliner and sat back. She rubbed my cock for a while, and then 

placed the tip at the entrance to her pussy. I asked her if she was sure about 

doing that, and she just smiled at me and slid my cock into her pussy.

We sat there fucking for probably twenty minutes, trying not to make any noise. 

I noticed that Jason sitting up on the couch with his cock in his hand watching 

Lisa ride my cock. When I came, I let the cum shoot into her pussy. I noticed 

that Jason had cum all over his stomach. I kissed Lisa and headed to bed.

The next morning, I was lying in bed half asleep, and Sherry got up and put her 

towel on and went to the kitchen. I wasn't really paying attention, but I 

started hearing muffled noises from the kitchen and got up to peak around the 

corner. Sherry was in the kitchen with Jason standing right behind her. One of 

Jason's hands was inside the towel obviously kneading her breast. She was trying 

to pull his hand away, but without much success.

Jason was whispering, "Please mom, it was so fun, can we do it again..."

"No, please don't Jason, it's not right." Sherry was saying.

"Please, please, just one more time. You seemed to like it the other day"

"NO! Stop that! You are my son, and we are not supposed to do those things 

together", she said. She kept struggling trying to get his hands off of her, but 

he was stronger than her and didn't have a chance.

Jason turned both their bodies towards the kitchen table and pushed her forward 

so that her torso was bent at the waist and laying flat on the table.

"Jason stop that what are you doing?", she squawked. Holding her like that, he 

pulled the bottom of her towel up and exposed her backside. He lowered himself 

just enough to get the tip of his cock at the entrance to her pussy. She was 

saying, "Jason don't, please... oh... you shouldn't... ohhhh." Jason didn't pay 

any attention, he just sunk his cock all the way in. She laid her head on the 

table and had her eyes closed. After five minutes of his constant fucking, I 

could her the mewing sounds coming from her as he slowly worked his cock back 

and forth into her. After a few minutes, his pace started to quicken, and I 

could hear the slapping of her ass as he pounded her. I could also tell that she 

was not pushing back against him, helping out with the motion. He had her... she 

had submitted to his cock. I wanted her to know that I knew she was fucking our 

son. So I put the towel around me and walked in to the kitchen.

I said, "Morning! I see everyone is UP this morning".

Sherry opened her eyes and just said, " ohhhh god... mmmmm" Jason really uped 

the pace when I stepped in the room. I walked over to get some coffee and stood 

there sipping the coffee as I watched my son pound away at his mother. Her 

little mewing sounds continued, and her face was very flushed. After a minute or 

so, he made a gasping sound and stopped in mid thrust. He was obviously cummin?. 

They stayed in that position for bit, and I could tell he was about to pull out. 

I needed to get Sherry to accept the new concepts that had engulfed our family. 

So when Jason was pulling out, I dropped my towel and went over next to him. 

When he stepped aside, I moved behind my wife and let my cock slide in. She 

gasped and looked around at me. She was really wet, with the combination of 

Jason's cum and her own juices. I started banging against her really hard, 

knowing that she was close to cumming. Within a minute, she was gasping and 

making sounds that she was about to cum. When the explosion hit, she was 

yelling, "OH... OH... OH... GOOOOOD!!!"

I hadn't noticed Lisa come into the kitchen, but she was standing right behind 

me and said, "Wow, mom gets really loud doesn't she."

I had to laugh. After Sherry came, I pulled out and let her lay on the table for 

a few minutes trying to recover. She stood and straightened the towel, and went 

over to the coffee maker... no one said a word for about five minutes. I sat 

down at the table, but didn't retrieve my towel. My cock was still very hard, 

since I hadn't cum yet.

Finally, Sherry broke the tension, "Does anyone want breakfast?"

At that moment, I knew the whole family had changed. She had just been royally 

fucked by her son and I, and she didn't say a word about it. We all relaxed and 

started talking about breakfast and other things. Jason and I sat there naked, 

me still sporting a pretty good erection. Before Sherry brought the eggs and 

bacon to the table, Lisa scooted her chair around and moved it next to me. She 

reached over and wrapped her hand around my cock and started stroking.

When Sherry turned and brought the food over, she noticed what Lisa was doing, 

but all she said was, "Lisa... I can't believe you... now scoot your chair back 

around so you can eat." Lisa giggled and then bent down and put the tip of my 

dick in her mouth.

Sherry gasped but just stood and watched. I looked right at Sherry who was 

watching Lisa and neither of us said a word.

After fifteen seconds, I tapped the top of her head and said, "Why don't you 

wait until after breakfast." She made a big popping sound as she pulled my cock 

our of her mouth and just looked at me and said, " OK"

Sherry didn't say a word. We ate in almost silence, as the ramifications of what 

had happened sank in. There was tension, but also an almost giddy feeling.

When breakfast was over, Sherry told Lisa that she needed to help with the 

dishes. Lisa stood and dropped her towel and started clearing the table. Sherry 

almost said something, but then just went about the business of washing up. 

Jason and I went into the main room and didn't say a word to each other. His 

cock was hard again, and so was mine.

Lisa came out of the kitchen first and came directly over to me and knelt in 

front of me and started sucking my cock again. I pulled her up and picked her up 

off the ground. I turned her around and impaled her on my cock. She was facing 

away from me as I was carrying her. I was holding her bent knees so that her 

back was against my chest. I wanted to really give Sherry something to think 

about when she came in the room.

So I sat back on the recliner with Lisa impaled on my cock. Lisa was facing away 

from me so I could see her ass moving up and down on my cock.

That is the way we were when Sherry walked around the corner. She gasped and 

stopped for a few seconds. I could see the wheels turning in her mind. I wasn't 

sure what she was going to do at that moment. What she did kind of surprised me. 

She went over and grabbed a magazine and sat on the couch. She didn't say a word 

as I was fucking our little girl. Lisa started making all sorts of noise, so 

much that Sherry had to look up from the magazine and watch. Jason was hard 

again and got up and walked over to where Sherry was sitting. He sat down next 

to her and moved his hand inside her towel, onto her breast. She didn't move or 

say anything. Jason untied the towel and start?d sucking or her nipples. She 

continued to watch Lisa and I while Jason moved his hand down to her pussy. I 

was amazed and excited when I saw her thighs open to give Jason's hand access. 

Jason prodded her a bit, and She lay down on the couch and welcomed him into 

her. It was the culmination of my dream.

We spent the next few days fucking and sucking ourselves silly. Sherry really 

seemed to relax, and surprisingly, she seemed to really get off when Jason was 

fucking her. Of course, I was really into fucking my little girl. The last night 

we were at the cabin, Jason slept in the bed with Sherry, and Lisa and I slept 

in the main room on a pullout bed. We hadn't planned it that way, but that is 

who we were fucking last and then we all fell asleep.

We drove home that next day all of us wearing our towels, and everyone slept 

most of that afternoon. I went out to run a few errands, and got back later in 

the evening. I was a little worried that our new found fun would end when we got 

back to our regular routine, but my worries were abated when I came in that 

evening.

When I walked in, Sherry was on the floor naked with Jason pounding her pussy, 

and Lisa was sitting on Sherry's face. I just walked right up, dropped my pants 

and slid my cock into my little girls mouth... it was wonderful.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp; 

The End



Review This Story
 || Email Author: 


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





