BDSM Library - Jizzer of Aahs




Jizzer of Aahs
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A parody of a story that we all know.






Jizzer of Aahs
by R.E. Lavaque


Los Angeles, CA

It was a typical nice day in LA, but Dorothy was not a typical LA girl. She was 18 and a virgin.&nbsp; If fact, Dorothy had never been touched by a boy or a man. She often fantasized about sex. All kinds of sex: gentle sex, rough sex, sex with her mouth, sex with a woman, sex in public. All kinds of sex. Most of all, she daydreamed of being a stripper. She didn't really know what a stripper did, but she once saw Demi Moore in Striptease and was entranced. What a body, what power she had. Dorothy too had studied dance for years and had the body to show for it. She would spend nights at home pretending to strip, doing a innocent tease for a non-existent audience. She still lived with her parents.

It was 7 o'clock on a late summer's evening and Dorothy was taking her daily walk with her dog Soso. Suddenly Soso went crazy, he jumped on Dorothy and, in shock, she dropped his leash.&nbsp; Soso ran down the street and Dorothy went running after him.&nbsp; He was lost. Dorothy kept looking and looking, walking for blocks in all directions, searching for her Soso.

After about 2 hours of looking, Dorothy noticed in front of her eyes was "The Pink Puppy", a strip club renowned for its sleaze.&nbsp; Dorothy knew her dog wasn't inside the club, but this was her chance to see inside. She thought about what was inside often as she diddled herself to sleep.

At the entrance to the club stood a big black bouncer who asked Dorothy "Are you here for the dancing job, sweety.&nbsp; You are a cute one. I can feel it in my pants already!"&nbsp; 

Dorothy shook her head quickly. "No", she answered, "I just came in to look for my dog, Soso. Have you seen him?"

"Sorry honey, there are plenty of dogs in here, but they all walk on two legs."

"Can I come in and look at a real strip club.&nbsp; I've always wanted to see a real one.&nbsp; I don't think I could become a stripper, really, but I love the idea of strippers, I 
think they're neat."&nbsp; 

"Neat? these chicks are smoke'n hot, not NEAT."

"Can I come in and see what your dancer's do?&nbsp; Can I talk to one?", Dorothy asked.

"Sure, maybe we can convince you to stay...", the bouncer muttered as he ushered Dorothy in.

The club was smallish.&nbsp; It had just one stage about 20 feet in diameter and a pole in the middle.&nbsp; Around the stage were bar stools for those who wanted a close-up view, and a few tables were scattered about.&nbsp; Built into the walls of the club were what looked like love-seat compartments where customers could receive a lap dance, not very private. On the side of the stage was a beaded doorway to what looked like a more private area.&nbsp; The room smelled of bad perfume, or lots of bad perfume, mixed with a slightly musky odor.

After getting over the initial shock, Dorothy sat in one of the bar stools watched the dancer on stage.&nbsp; The dancer had a tattoo of a gecko covering her chest just below her smallish tits.&nbsp; Her stomach was flat but not so flat as to reveal her abs. The dancer was throwing herself at the pole in the middle of the stage, swinging around in just a G-string.&nbsp; Her body was perfect, or at least as perfect as one could tell in the non-stop flash lighting inside the club.&nbsp; 

Dorothy just stared and stared at the dancer. Wow, she was powerful, just like Demi Moore. The dancer strutted around the stage, music blaring, checking out the men and women assembled around her.&nbsp; She lay down on the stage with her hards hanging onto the base of the pole and her legs spread, showing her covered mound to a young man eager to look.&nbsp; The dancer then put her legs around the man's neck and pulled his head until it was within inches of her cunt. Dorothy imagined what she smelled like, sweat she was sure. The dancer suddenly ripped her g-string off, exposing her bald cunt underneath. Her clit was pierced. The young man was frozen. The dancer started to masturbate on stage. Dorothy could see the dancer's fingers getting wet, and could hear that distinctive squishing sound of a equally wet cunt. After about thirty seconds she freed the man and returned to dancing.&nbsp; Dollar bills were flying toward the stage as the dancer spun around the pole, around and around.&nbsp; Then the song ended everyone cheered, and the dancer left the stage asking the young man if he wanted something.

Dorothy sat stunned, as if she had just seen God, or the Devil.&nbsp; She wasn't sure which.&nbsp; Her face was completely red, flush with blood, and her pussy was starting to soak into her panties.&nbsp; She noticed the dancer go through the beaded door with the young man.&nbsp; The dancer was talking with another man there, exchanging some money or something like that.

A waitress came up to Dorothy and asked if she wanted a drink. While waiting for her drink, Dorothy checked out the lap dance scene around her. A redhead was gyrating on a guy "lap", he was grabbing her leg and squeezing her thigh.

"I heard that customer's can't touch the girls."&nbsp; Dorothy stated naively to the waitress.

"The girls don't mind.&nbsp; It's good for the tips.&nbsp; See that light over there", she said pointing to a light over the door, "if it is red, that means that there may be a cop in the house so no touching, if green the coast is clear and they can go for it."

"Can I get a lap dance?"&nbsp; Dorothy asked bravely.

"Sure, maybe Gecko Girl will do you when she is done with her customer."

Dorothy picked up her Diet Coke and took a big gulp.

A few minutes later, Gecko Girl came out from behind the stage and walked up to Dorothy: "I hear you want to try out the place. You're cute. I could really get into you." She made a biting motion with her mouth and smiled.

Dorothy was a bit confused about what she meant, but she got onto one of the love seats and sat waiting for whatever to happen.&nbsp; She was game.

Gecko Girl started by climbing onto Dorothy and swinging her tits back and forth in front of Dorothy's face. She told Dorothy to stick out her tongue and then she rubbed her nipples against the tip Dorothy's tongue.&nbsp; GG's nipples hardened, and her pussy started to twitch as it always did when she was turned on. Dorothy noticed the clit ring jiggle. Dorothy was having fun. Gecko Girl started to unbutton Dorothy's top. Dorothy was getting horney and started to feel a bit light headed. 

Gecko Girl started asking questions, "You been here before?" "Are you looking for a job?" "Anyone know you came here?" "What kind of perfume are you wearing?". Dorothy answered the questions, she wasn't really thinking, just reacting. "Can I kiss you tits, baby" she asked.

"Sure," Dorothy answered, breathing heavily. She moved her hand under her skirt as GG removed Dorothy's tits from their bra. 

The stripper kissed Dorothy's breasts, licked her nipples, licked up and down her chest from her neck down to her belly button.&nbsp; She then grabbed Dorothy's wrists and help them against the wall above her head, and rubbed her own tits against Dorothy's tits. She started lightly and small, and gradually increased her motion, whispering into Dorothy's ear: "Let go. Let go.&nbsp; Let go."

Dorothy didn't quite realize at this point that everyone in the club was watching her, watching her getting stripped and loved.

Gecko Girl then let go of Dorothy's wrists and to put her head in Dorothy's lap. In doing so, she moved one of her legs straight into the air exposed her pussy. Dorothy noticed some white gooey stuff that had run down Gecko Girl's leg.&nbsp; She could smell it. It had a musty smell, not like a girl's smell. Dorothy asked the dancer: "What is that?"

Gecko Girl giggled: "That is a present from that cute guy."

Dorothy was in shock. What did she mean.&nbsp; Was this sperm? cum? Dorothy was getting dizzy.&nbsp; She wanted to get up but she started to shake.&nbsp; Was it her legs?&nbsp; Was it an earthquake?&nbsp; After a few more seconds the lights started to move in all directions and Dorothy became completely disoriented. Her head began to spin, spin, spin, spin, ...


Welcome to the Land of Aahs

The next thing Dorothy knew, she was awake in a strange place. She was outside. It looked like Hollywood except there were no people and just one car, a car that had crashed into a house.&nbsp; Inside the car was her dog Soso and what looked like a dead woman, a woman that Dorothy didn't recognize. Soso jumped out of the car with what looked like a penis in his mouth.&nbsp; In fact is was a dildo, a pussy pink dildo.&nbsp; Dorothy picked up the dildo and stared at it.&nbsp; "What is this?" she asked out loud.

Before going any further I think I should describe this new Dorothy as she stood, dildo in hand:

Dorothy was about 5 1/2 feet tall, slim and sweet.&nbsp; She wore white calf-high leather boots, with black fishnet stockings, slightly torn in a place or two.&nbsp; Her black skirt, if you can call it a skirt, barely covered her ass and her pussy, and if she sat down, you could see that she was shaved, with a short "landing strip" in front. A thick studded black belt sat on her hips, flaring open like a 3 inch leather dress.&nbsp; Her stomach was flat, white, and a little veiny. I would not call her fit or 
anorexic, just alluring and perfect.&nbsp; On the small of her back, just above the belt line, was a tattoo "If only these were real". Her bare mid-drift ended at the bottom of her ribs, above a black and white striped sweater holding her C cup breasts loosely.&nbsp; As she walked they bounced only slightly, like the breasts of any 18 year old. Her face was attractive but not special, with short reddish hair, and 
a red Bandana around her neck.&nbsp; She knew how to walk, putting one foot in front of the other, that ass changing angle back and forth with each step. She had a nice smile and bit the corner of her lip to punctuate her talk. She looked available.

"It's a dildo, the ruby dildo of the Wicked Bitch of East LA."

Who was talking?&nbsp; Dorothy saw nobody.&nbsp; "Who's there?" she called.

Dorothy heard voices: "Is she dead?&nbsp; Is the bitch dead?&nbsp; I think she is dead?&nbsp; The girl has the ruby dildo, the bitch must be dead!" coming from all around her.

Down the street a pink Cadillac convertible approached. In it is a busty blonde, very cute, and very L.A.&nbsp; The blonde got out of the car and asked "What is going on here?&nbsp; And who are you?"

"My name is Dorothy.&nbsp; Are you a movie star?"

"No honey, I'm the Playmate of the North. See my shiny tits. When I flash these, everyone stops in their tracks."&nbsp; She was right, Dorothy could do nothing but stare at those 44DD's. 

"Did you get in a little accident there, sweety?"

"No, I think she just crashed into this building."

"I see you have the ruby dildo, you know what to do with that?"

Dorothy held up the dildo and looked at it.&nbsp; It was in the shape of a cock.

"I've never seen one of these before," Dorothy answered.

Dorothy heard giggling surrounding her.

"No, here, let me put it where it belongs."&nbsp; The blonde bombshell said as she waved her hands.

Dorothy felt something invade her down below.&nbsp; She was confused. She bit her lip as she put her hand on the outside of her skirt and felt the invader, the ruby dildo, firmly lodged in her virginal pussy.&nbsp; "Ouch, ooh, yikes."&nbsp; she shrieked.

The dildo didn't quite feel right in Dorothy, but she would quickly get used to it.&nbsp; For some reason, it would occasionally vibrate, calming Dorothy a bit, but never letting her reach orgasm.&nbsp; This really didn't frustrate her because she had never been a slave to orgasms.&nbsp; In fact, being a virgin, her only orgasms had come with her own hand, and those are never quite as pleasing as orgasms from another.

"Where am I?" Dorothy asked.

Dorothy looked around. Suddenly out of all of the houses came people, funny looking people.&nbsp; All of the women wore pants with the crotches cut out.&nbsp; All the men wore 
metal around their private areas, like some sort of chastity belt, but for men.

"Who are you?" Dorothy asked.

One of the Munchpies answered: "You are in the Land of Aahs and we are the Munchpies. We've lived in fear for 10 years, ever since the Wicked Bitch of the East moved into our neighborhood. She was a cold cold person. She had sexual problems.&nbsp; She couldn't cum.&nbsp; So she wouldn't let any man cum until she did.&nbsp; If a man would cum, she would cut off his dick and feed it to her pets. She installed cameras in every room of every Munchpie house to monitor every person. The only sex act we were allowed to perform was cunnilingus. She wanted all the men, and women, to practice eating pussy in hopes to find someone to get her off. But now we are saved by... What is your name?"

"Dorothy"

"Hurray Dorothy. Our Hero. Send for the lock pick, we can finally remove these nasty belts!"

Dorothy asked, "How do I get back home?"

"Where is home," asked the Playmate.

"L A" she answered.

"You are in LA, the Land of Aahs".

"No, Los Angeles".

"We have never heard of Los Angeles, is it a long ways away?"

Dorothy was sad. She was lost.

"How can I find my way home."&nbsp; She asked again.

The Playmate answered: "I think you are going to have to ask the Jizzer, the Jizzer of Aahs. The Jizzer knows everything. The Jizzer can help you find the Los Angeles. The Jizzer will take you home."

Just then the locksmith arrived and chastity belts started flying every which way.&nbsp; Dicks that were not hard for 10 years began to grow and grow.&nbsp; Dorothy had never seen a hard dick.&nbsp; She was fascinated.&nbsp; That is where "cum" comes from, she thought to herself. Dicks seemed to come in all sizes and shapes, lengths and widths, some covered and some open.

The head Munchpie asked Dorothy if she had ever tasted cum.&nbsp; "It has magical properties," he told her, "you can drink it, you can rub it, you can even bathe in it."

Dorothy thought the idea was bizarre, the only magical property she knew about cum was that it could get you pregnant. But she told the head Munchpie "I'm game."

"First you must strip, naked."

Dorothy blushed but slowly start to strip. First her belt, then her skirt and stockings and shoes. She looked down at her pussy and noticed for the first time that she was shaved.&nbsp; "How did that happen?," she thought to herself. Dorothy realized that things were happening to her that she could not control, and while she was a bit scared, she was still game.

Dorothy continued to strip- off came the top (no bra) the finally even the Bandana. There she stood, on the streets of LA, a vision of beauty and sex, for all to admire. The Munchpie men leered at Dorothy with their dicks in hand, all of them hard, waiting to pounce on her and rape her to shreds. Instead, a rush of four Munchpie women grabbed Dorothy, one holding each wrist and each ankle. 

The head Munchpie called out for a gold chalice to be brought out of the Munchpie Museum to collect first cum of every Munchpie.&nbsp; The cup was put on a pedestal and the Munchpies dutifully came up two at a time: one man and one woman.&nbsp; Some were sucked off, some fucked, some ass fucked, some tit fucked, but all unloaded into the cup. Dorothy looked as each shot flew, filling the cup a bit higher.&nbsp; The amount of cum was enormous (after 10 years of not cuming, things back up.)&nbsp; Dorothy was starting to get second, third, maybe even fourth thoughts about this.&nbsp; She tried to move her hand, but the grip of the Munchpies was too tight.&nbsp; She fought a bit. The women told her, "Don't fight it, it is your destiny." A single tear ran down Dorothy's face.

Dorothy looked at the chalice, almost overflowing with this gooey white liquid, just like what Gecko Girl had leaking from her pussy.&nbsp; "It is time to accept this cum.&nbsp; This represents the start of a long journey." the head Munchpie proclaimed as he held up the cup and started to pour it into her mouth. "Open up" he asked gently. She did not. "Open!" he exclaimed.&nbsp; Again nothing. "If you do not open your mouth willingly, you can be made to open your mouth." he whispered to her as he pointed to a man in holding what looked like a vice with special grips to hold ones teeth open.

Dorothy couldn't think straight. She didn't really want to drink THAT MUCH CUM!&nbsp; Maybe a spoonful of two, but not THAT MUCH CUM! But she finally gave into her fears as the man with the vice started to approach her. Her mouth was now wide open. 

"Tilt your head back." the Munchpie commanded and Dorothy obeyed. He then tipped the chalice into her mouth, letting globs of cum drop into her mouth.&nbsp; "Swallow!" he exclaimed as Dorothy felt someone twist her nipples, painfully, 180 degrees. Dorothy swallowed. After the first mouthful, the head Munchpies lifted the cup again, this time causing a flood of sperm to cover her face and flow down Dorothy's neck, her shoulders, over her tits, down her belly, her back, spilling over her cunt and her ass and down her legs.&nbsp; She was covered with cum.&nbsp; 

More female Munchpies approached her. Some rubbed the cum into her skin, while others licked the cum and let it run down their own throats. After a few minutes she was in the center of so many women that she was invisible. She felt tongues on every part of her body, licking every drop of cum from her skin.

Tongues were on her neck.&nbsp; She loved that. She was getting wet. Tongues were on her lips and in her mouth. She felt very sexy. Tongues were on her pussy, licking her clit. On her ass, getting every last drop of cum. Tongues were between her toes and in her armpits. Tongues were on her nipples, and behind her ears. Tongues were even licking her eye lids.

Dorothy stood there motionless, feeling, feeling, feeling more and more. Blood was draining from her head and filling her pussy, competing only with the pink dildo that had started to vibrate.&nbsp; Another touch on her clit, she thought, and she could get to orgasm. She was so close. Another lick on her pussy, another on her neck. So close. Her nipples where being cleaned by a pair of swirling tongues, licking deep into her fleshy tits. So so close.

A final approach to orgasm was just ahead, a last lick on her clit, one more, a twinge, a small vibration away and then ...

Nothing. She was alone, standing on the street breathing more heavily than she had ever imagined, but no orgasm. It was only seconds away, but nothing. NOTHING! She tried to move her hand down to her clit to get over the top but she could not. She still could not move.

Dorothy opened her eyes.&nbsp; There, standing in front of her was the Wicked Bitch of the West LA. The Bitch walked up to Dorothy taking out her riding crop and whipped Dorothy's tits and her stomach. Dorothy screamed. Whip, whip, whip, "Give me that ruby dildo, young girl, or I'll whip your nipples right off those perky tits of yours."

Dorothy yelped and fell to the ground as the whip hit the very tip of her left nipple.

The Playmate came up to the Bitch and told her.

"If you want the dildo, just go pull it out."

The Bitch approached Dorothy, still laying on the ground, and kicked her feet apart.&nbsp; "Spread em, whore." She shouted as she raised her whip threatening to hurt Dorothy's little clit.&nbsp; Dorothy complied. The Bitch knelt down and tried to grab the dildo but got a shock instead.

"Shit, I forgot that I can't take that thing back until this one is dead. Well, little girl, prepare to meet your maker."&nbsp; The Bitch took her foot and was about to strangle poor Dorothy's neck as she lay on the ground when the Playmate kicked the Bitch to the ground.

"This is my turf, asshole.&nbsp; Get the fuck out of here or I'll have these Munchpies eat you alive."

The Munchpies moved slowly in the direction of the Bitch and she spat on the ground. "I'll be back, my pretty, to see you fucked to death." and she disappeared as quickly as she had appeared.

It took Dorothy a few minutes to come back to her senses. She started to cry.
"I just want to go home. Please. Please."

The Playmate who told Dorothy, "Your destiny will not be found here with the Munchpies.&nbsp; Your travels back home have just started.&nbsp; Someday you may return here and but now you must find the Jizzer, the Jizzer of Aahs.&nbsp; He will send you home."

Dorothy stood up and looked for her clothes.&nbsp; "Is there a place I can wash up" she asked.&nbsp; The head Munchpie directed Dorothy to his house.&nbsp; She picked up her clothes, one by one, and headed for his house.&nbsp; "How do I find this Jizzer guy?" Dorothy asked.

"Follow the double yellow line." the Playmate answered.

Dorothy looked around and saw double yellow lines going in all directions. "Which one?" she asked in frustration.

"Follow any one, honey. All roads lead to Rhinestone City. That is where you will find the Jizzer."

"Thanks." Dorothy called Soso to follow her as she went to take a shower and freshen up.&nbsp; Her journey had just begun.



Next: The Pimp












The Pimp

After walking down the roadway for a couple of hours, Dorothy was getting tired. She was looking around for something to eat when a big black man with a funny hat and a cape came up to her and asked "What you look'n for, honey?" followed by a soft "What a fine Ho she be a makin' for me." spoken under his breath.

"I'm going to Rhinestone City to see the Jizzer of Aahs."

"The who-what?"

"Don't you know the Jizzer of Aahs."

"I don't know much, lady.&nbsp; I ain't got much edumacation. But you look like one fine Ho. Anyone pimpin' you yet?"

"I am not a whore!" Dorothy exclaimed as she picked up up her pace, trying to get as far from this Pimp as possible.&nbsp; Her dildo started to vibrate.

"Slow down, sweety.&nbsp; I'm just trying to start a little business here. Pimp'n be bad when that Bitch be a fuckin' with everybody's dicks.&nbsp; Man, like I had to sell the services of my tongue just to buy these fine threads. But now it looks like I can start up a new stable. I be a non-trip-anure."

"Whatever," Dorothy said walking even faster.

"Listen baby, it can get rough out here, and you look plenty hungry. You don't want to be my Number 1, fuck it. I can dig it. I can find some other pussy. What is your name, sweety."

"Dorothy."

"Dorothy, I heard tell of a Dorothy that off'd that Bitch. You be that Dorothy?"

"Yep. Watch out or I'll off you too."

"Fuck, I doubt it. I heard tell your pussy is like full of some like shocking shit or something. I don't need that shit. That'ed be baaad for bid'ness." the Pimp lamented. "But you got two other holes. I bet they be sweet and juicy. Come with me to the Aahs Diner here, we can talk." the Pimp continued moving slowly towards Dorothy. "We can trade some food for a BJ."

Dorothy thought about it for a while. "I'm not going to be a whore but I could use some food and some sleep." she thought to herself.

"What is a BJ?" Dorothy asked.

"A suck, baby, you know, a blowjob."

"You want ME to give YOU a BLOW JOB in exchange for some food?" Dorothy exclaimed.

"Yeah, baby. Sheeeeeiiit. You gots to give a little to get a little."

Dorothy was thoroughly offended. She wasn't a whore. She was never going to be a whore. But wasn't getting food for sex being a whore? Of course it is, but she was hungry, and it was getting dark, and she was scared. She thought it about it......

"OK, I'm game.&nbsp; First we eat, eat food that is."

"Let's hit it."

Dorothy figured that a blowjob would be no worse than what happened to her earlier in the day. Anyways, she was far from home in a place that could only barely exist, so giving a big black guy a blow job didn't seem all that out of place. She remembered someone telling her once that in Hollywood a blowjob was pretty much the same thing as a handshake. Maybe this would bring her closer to going home. These were all things she used to justify what she was about to do. She only hoped things didn't get out of hand.

The two entered the Aahs Diner and sat in a booth in the back.

"New meat?" the waitress asked Mr. Pimp.

"No, I just be lendin' a helpin' hand.", he said winking back.

Dorothy realized now that the pimp looked like the bouncer at the club.&nbsp; That was strange...

"Who is this Jizzer you lookin' for?" the pimp asked Dorothy.

"I don't know, but he knows the way I can get home. Maybe he can do something from you."

"Lady, I don't need nothin' from no fuck' Jizzer. The only Jizz I want to see is my Jizz in your mouth!"

"You are rude, you know that. Just plain rude. I am not a whore, and I expect you to treat me like a lady."

"Fuck, just like my fuckin' mama.&nbsp; Fuck." the pimp said in a resigning tone.

"I bet that the Jizzer of Aahs can turn you into a real man, someone with a good education and good manners.&nbsp; Someone who can earn an honest living."

"Fuck, bitch. My living is honest. I'm a real honest pimp." he said raising his hand about to hit Dorothy in the mouth.&nbsp; Then he calmed down and said. "Well, there are a lot of other pimps trying to start up somepin somepin now, maybe that Jizzer can give me a leg up, some advice. Can't hurt to listen."

"Then you will help me find the Jizzer? That would be great." Dorothy said with a smile, the first in quite a while.

"Sure, eat up, then we be goin' back to my crib."

Dorothy finished her hamburger and shake, and the Pimp finished his ribs. The two then got up and from the table and Dorothy said, "Thank you."

"Time for some dessert baby." the pimp said leading Dorothy down the street and up a flight of stairs to his room.&nbsp; The room looked like it was out of a 1970's TV crime show. All of the furniture was covered in velvet, tiger stripes and leopard dots. The place smelled of malt liquor, and looked like it hadn't been cleaned in years. 

Dorothy told Mr. Pimp, "Before I do anything I have to clean up here. This is GROSS."

"Be my guest.", the pimp laughed out loud.&nbsp; 

And Dorothy cleaned, and cleaned, picking up all the garbage on the floor, and the tables, and the cabinets, and everywhere else.&nbsp; She found a vacuum cleaner and cleaned the red carpets and the bathroom floor. She scrubbed the sink and the bathtub and vacuumed the chairs and the sofa. She cleaned the kitchen and threw out the trash.&nbsp; After a couple of hours of cleaning Dorothy told the pimp, "I'm exhausted, maybe I'll give you that blowjob tomorrow."

"Fuck that bitch.&nbsp; It may be nice in here now, but my dick is going into your mouth whether you like it or not."

"Fine."

The pimp sat in his nice clean big chair, first pulling down his pants exposing his pencil shaped dick.

"You want me to suck that little thing?" Dorothy giggled.

"Fuck you, bitch. You will see what happens to little Willy when you do your job. My dick has trained more Ho's than you have ever seen in your whole life, and now I'm going to train you. One session and you will be an expert. First, strip naked."

"Strip naked", Dorothy had heard that before. Dorothy stripped giving the Pimp a little show, but his dick didn't respond.

"I've seen so much tits and pussy in my life that you can't get me hard that way, bitch. Now get over here and kneel down and look into my eyes. Lesson 1: always start a blowjob looking to the man's eyes. Guys want to know that they are in control of your mouth."

"Should I take notes?" Dorothy asked sarcastically.

"Fuckin' wise-ass. Careful or I'll tattoo my lec-sure on your ass, so you can read it ev'ry mo'ning.", the pimp warned Dorothy. 

"Lesson 2: the key to a good blowjob is LOU-BRICK-A-SHUN.&nbsp; Same goes for ass fucking, but you'll be learnin' that later."

"I didn't say you could fuck my ass." Dorothy spit out.

"I didn't say I was going to fuck your ass, white girl. Your booty is too small for me. Just shut up and listen. To LOU-BRICK-ATE you must get the dick completely wet and keep it wet at all times. Use your spit or your mucus, or vegetable oil or whatever, but keep it wet. Your pussy be built to keep dicks wet. The other holes need lube. Now start sucking."

Dorothy took the pencil sized dick into her mouth with her fingers.

"Lesson 3: do not use your hands on a man's dick. That is called a hand job. This is a blow job.&nbsp; Use your fuckin' mouth.&nbsp; I'll tell you what to do with your hands later."

Dorothy put her hands on the arms of the chair and again put the pimp's dick in her mouth, sucking it down past her lips.&nbsp; His dick started out so small that she could easily get it all the way into her mouth, and she did. Then, remembering what she had seen the Munchpies doing, she moved her head back and forth. His dick start to get harder and longer. Soon she had a difficult time getting it in all the way, it started to hit the back of her throat.

"This is where you will start to see why I'm the master blowjob trainer. I want you to keep my dick completely in your mouth and just use your tongue." Before you know it, the pimp was holding Dorothy's head directly on this dick, not letting her move it away as he got longer and longer. "Breathe through your nose, baby. Move that tongue back and forth on the shaft, baby. Ooh, that's good.&nbsp; Feel that snake going down your throat?"

Dorothy nodded and moved her head up and down.

"Good baby, now, we are going to go back and forth again, I think I'm up to 10 inches." 

Dorothy had moved her head away from the pimps balls exposing an few inches of his shaft when the Pimp pushed her back on all the way.

"That's what I want, baby. Up and down. Up and down. Not too far. That's right."

Dorothy just followed his directions.&nbsp; She wasn't really getting off on this yet, she was just learning.&nbsp; Move the tongue, up and down, don't gag (his dick was thin and flexible enough at this point that she didn't gag), keep it wet.

"Good job baby, now you will see why all the pimps send their bitches to me to train. Just keep it up, baby, hit the head with your tongue when you slide it up. Keep everything lubed baby because here comes the magic."

Dorothy thought he meant that he was going to cum, but, no, something else started to happen. His dick began to grow thicker.&nbsp; With each down motion Dorothy's throat felt a bit tighter. She was about to gag.

"Keep it lubed and keep it loose.&nbsp; That's my motto.&nbsp; Lubed and loose and you will get an A+ in BJ. Ha ha ha ha." the pimp laughed.

For Dorothy, the situation was getting a bit... stickier. She was concentrating 100% now on getting his dick down her throat without gagging, and at the same time moving her tongue to keep his shaft lubed. When she started to gag, Mr. Pimp would hold her head with his cock fully down her throat until she relaxed. After 10 minutes of action on his now thick cock, Dorothy was getting the hang of it. She had heard that guys don't last longer than a couple of minutes, but she had been giving him a blowjob for at least 30 minutes, maybe more.

When he pulled out of her mouth now, you could see long strings of saliva stretch from the tip of his cock to the tip of her tongue.&nbsp; Sometimes a mixture of mucus and saliva would drool out and run down her tits and stomach, past her clit and onto the floor. Dorothy spoke, "Are you getting off yet, honey?" Like an old pro.&nbsp; Her dildo started to vibrate. 

"No, baby, I can do this for hours. Like I said, I train all the bitches and Ho's around here.&nbsp; Lesson 4 is what to do with your hands.&nbsp; A man likes a woman to touch his balls, squeezing them gently and to touch him right here on his belly and on the sides of his shaft.&nbsp; Use both your hands and just massage this area...&nbsp; Oooh baby, you are good...."

Dorothy followed his instructions to the letter and she noticed his cock was getting even harder, if not a bit bigger. He was probably 12 inches long and inch and a half wide at this point. He was right. He trained her how to suck cocks, to deep throat, in an hour, something that she knew her friends back home had trouble with after a year of trying.&nbsp; In and out, up and down, slowly his cock, wet and gooey, filled her neck and throat and then retreated.&nbsp; Over and over. The musky smell of his pubes had already started her vagina to wet, and the dildo vibrating helped that along.&nbsp; Dorothy was getting turned on, way on.

The pimp had his eyes closed at this point and was just barking out commands: "Suck harder, squeeze my balls, lick my balls, all the way down baby, ..."

Dorothy's clit was hard and she wanted some relief too.&nbsp; She took one of her hands and slipped it down between her legs, pressing the ruby dildo deep into her pussy and then squeezing it out a little with her cunt muscles. With the side of her thumb she rubbed clit.&nbsp; She quickly reached the point just before orgasm.

The pimp noticed a drop in Dorothy's concentration on his dick and opened his eyes. "Fuck bitch... Lesson 5.... You are giving ME a blowjob.&nbsp; Don't fuckin' touch yourself.&nbsp; Shit.&nbsp; Give me your hands, put them behind your back."&nbsp; With one hand, he grabbed Dorothy's head and jammed in onto his now oversized dick. Dorothy immediately complied and the pimp grabbed her wrists with the other hand and pulled them up. He told Dorothy to keep her head where it was and, removed his hand from her head and quickly reached down and took a pair of handcuffs he kept with his gun in the drawer next to the chair. 

"Click.&nbsp; Click. " The handcuffs now held Dorothy's hands far away from her clit.&nbsp; 

"Back to the blowjob. This time without any hands," the pimp said as he let go of Dorothy and reached down and squeezed her nipples hard, very very hard.&nbsp; Dorothy got the message and she went back to sucking and swallowing the dick in front of her.

After another 10 or 20 minutes Dorothy slowed again, this time due to pure exhaustion.&nbsp; The pimp had two options, give her some crystal or give himself a big smile. He decided to smile. He told Dorothy: "This will be the end soon, baby. Next is your final lesson: Swallow."

Swallowing cum was something Dorothy knew.

"You gots to swallow my whole fucking load, baby. Stuff may be shooting in all directions, but you got to get it all down that sweet throat of yours. Understand?"

Dorothy moved her head up and down.

"Here we go, baby."&nbsp; The pimp said as he took out a key and unlocked the handcuffs. He grabbed onto Dorothy's head and started skull fucking her. In and out, he could feel that friction on the corner or his glans that always starts a good orgasm. Dorothy massaged around the base of his cock as he had instructed. "Good baby... Good."&nbsp; His cock was feeling good on the bottom, the tip, the shaft, the hole, everywhere. His balls started retracting into his scrotum. Dorothy noticed and
started massaging him under his balls.

She was good. Really good. Her tongue was all over his shaft. In and out. Deep down. Deep down. His glans rubbed on the rough back of her tongue, balanced by the light suction on the base of his cock. Mr. Pimp was close now and he was getting more violent at pushing her head onto his cock. Faster. Faster. And then finally "OOOOOOOHHHHHH" He squirted one load down her throat, skipping her mouth completely. Then he quickly pulled his cock out and squirted again, this time into her mouth. "Hold it in your mouth, slut.", he shouted.&nbsp; Cum kept pumping, on her teeth, on her tongue, under her tongue, on the inside of her cheeks, on her uvula. Cum started trickling down her throat, but she tried her best not to swallow. Then just, as Dorothy figured he was done, the pimp drove his cock all the way down her throat, a final blow, with no mercy. Cum flew up Dorothy's nose and onto his pubes, cum squirted out the sides of her mouth and dripped onto her tits. Cum was everywhere.

Dorothy didn't know quite what to do. It took the pimp about 2 minutes to rest to the point that his dick could easily slide out of Dorothy's mouth, and she waited.

"Clean me off, baby." he commanded, and Dorothy complied, licking the cum from his dick and his pubes and everywhere else she could find his cum, including the on floor.&nbsp; The pimp then pointed to her tits and she scooped up last of the cum on her own body, and swallowed every last bit.

"Beautiful Baby.&nbsp; That was a class A blowjob.&nbsp; Fuck.&nbsp; If I can get another one of those, baby, I'll follow you anywhere."

Dorothy smiled. "Can I get cleaned up and rest a bit."

"Sure baby. Maybe you can clean my bed too! You sure you not a Ho? If your ass is half as talented as your mouth, I could make a fortune. I would even need your pussy."

Dorothy pointed to the bedroom. "You sleep in there, I will sleep out here.&nbsp; And for the last time, I am not a whore." Dorothy insisted as her dildo started to vibrate again.


Next: The Pony Girl











The Ponygirl

Dorothy's outfit was getting a bit funky, in a bad way. She asked the pimp (do pimps have names? This one did, his name was Pimp, not his real name) if he had anything else that she could wear. He opened his closet and on the bottom shelf was a stack of women's clothes, whore's clothes. Dorothy looked through the clothes and found a washed out pink T-shirt a couple sizes too small, but at least it was clean. The bottom of the shirt stopped just above the bottom of her tits exposing her flat stomach and her naked belly button.&nbsp; She found some short shorts too, but the pimp told her that he didn't like her in shorts, so she put on some panties and her wide leather belt, that was good enough. Mr. Pimp then told her to try on some real fuck-me pumps, 7" red ones. Dorothy tried them on and she looked hot. Red hair and red feet and pink in between. Dorothy took off the shoes claiming that she couldn't walk in them.

"We need some wheels if we are fuckin' goin' anywhere. Shit, I don't walk. Keep them shoes on. Even if you're not a Ho, I can't afford to step out with a bitch who doesn't look like a Class A Ho."

"Thanks, I think...."

"You need some red fishnets and some bling-bling in your belly button. Maybe you should pierce your nipples and your down below too."

"NO, maybe the fishnets and the belly button, but not the nipples or anything else." Dorothy replied.

"Yeah...&nbsp; Someday... You'll see...."

The two and Soso left the pimp's crib and started walking down the street. 

"Where is your car." Dorothy inquired, "I told you I can't walk in these."

"Shut up. I ain't got no car. Nobody got a car but those fuckin' Bitches, and you fucked up one of 'em."

"Well, I'm not moving one more inch until I take off these shoes." Dorothy said stopping dead in her tracks.

Just then Soso ran down an alley and started barking.&nbsp; Dorothy ran after him and saw that Soso was barking at a woman standing there.&nbsp; Dorothy had never seen a woman who looked like this before. She was dressed like, like... like a horse. She had a bit in her mouth, had blinders on her eyes, had a thick leather collar around her neck and another thick leather belt around her waist. Her hands and arms were encased in a laced-up leather prison, forced behind her back and joined down at her elbows. Her wrists were chained to a loop in the leather collar around her neck. The loop was welded shut. Basically her arms were useless. She wore black leather pumps laced up to her knees. Various straps and metal rings were attached to her belt and collar. Otherwise, she was naked.

Her blonde hair was shaved on the sides, and her head and body were deeply tanned. Her skin was shiny all over, like someone had just rubbed tanning oil on every part of her nude body. She had a ring through the septum in her nose. Her ears had a row of diamond studs embedded directly into the cartilage. Her tongue was pierced with a short bar, as were the nipples on her exposed clear-skinned perfect 36DD tits. Her enlarged clit had a two inch bar running through it. Her two labia had largish loops each attached to a lead that ran from her labia, through a loop in her waistband and again attached to another loop there. This allowed one to attach reins to the shorter leads to signal her by putting pressure on either labia or both, but limiting the motion so as not to rip though her nether lips. The straps were connected to control the girl, to give her commands as you would a horse.

In addition to her piercings, the girl had a host of tattoos. The most obvious was a ring of roses around her neck, like a bouquet. In fact, there were three rings of roses, like what you might put around the neck of a horse if it had won a race, but this was a tattoo. Her back had tattoos showing various sexual positions. Only some were visible, the rest were covered by her bound arms. One image was of a girl sucking on a dog's penis, one was of a girl laying on a platform, her knees on the ground, receiving one man from the front and one from the rear. Another was of a woman holding her legs spread above her head as another women ate her pussy. Another two showed a man laying on his back with the girl perpendicular getting fucked in the pussy, one facing towards his head, the other facing towards his feet. A series of tattoos on her back just below her shoulders showed a woman spread eagle being whipped on her back, her legs, and her pussy. Her breasts were spared. In fact, Dorothy looked at the girl and saw that her breasts were perfect, not a mark on them. The rest of her body was not as fortunate. Her skin showed the results of years of whipping. Above the girl's shaved pussy was a tattoo that read "Best of Breed". Dorothy agreed. 

Dorothy stared at the woman, the girl, the horse, the whatever. She looked a bit like Gecko Girl from the club, at least in the face.

The pimp joined Dorothy and checked out the girl.&nbsp; "A ponygirl, that is what I call some fly wheels." He checked Pony Girl more closely. She had a big butt and big strong legs. He ran his hand over her butt and found what he was looking for, her owner's tag, branded into her flesh. It read "BE". "B-E, this pony is owned by the Wicked Bitch of the East, you know, the bitch you iced. I think that makes this your wheels now."

Dorothy was confused. "What is a ponygirl?" She asked Pimp, "What are you talking about?"

"This cunt is your slave. The Bitch turned her into a pony. I think she bred her, or used some fuckin' steroid shots to get legs like that. I bet she is a strong as a real horse. Fuck. It's like lookin' at a fucking Ferarri. Beautiful top, nothing but power." Pimp said shaking his head.

"What do we do with her," Dorothy asked, "Should I set her free? I don't want to own a slave."

"Fuck no, bitch. She be too fine to free. Fuck, some other pimp be snatch her up and
she be fucking real horses for some shit like that."

"Well, what do we do with her?"

"Ride her. Well, she pulls a cart I'm sure. We gots to find the cart. We hook her up. You whip her to make her go faster. You feed her. You fuck her. You beat her if you like. You pet her if you like. She is your property. You can do to her whatever you want. You understand?"

Dorothy thought for a moment.&nbsp; "I'm going to to treat her nicely until we can figure out what is the right thing to do. Does she talk? What is your name? Hello?"

Pony Girl was silent, she didn't move.

"Maybe we can free her arms, that looks so uncomfortable." Dorothy continued.

"Fuck, I bet her arms have at'feed so should couldn't even hold my dick." Pimp laughed.

"I don't think so, and even so, we can exercise them to make them strong again. Help me find how to remove this chain." Dorothy replied.

"She is locked up here, see this chain is attached welded to this ring which is attached back to this strap.&nbsp; Shit, we are going to need some big-ass cutters to get this off. Or, I could shoot it off."

"Don't you dare. We will take her with us to Rhinestone City and find someone there to undo this. I don't want her damaged."

"Fine."

"Fine. How do we get her to move? She looks frozen.", Dorothy pondered.

"I heard that the Wicked Bitches can hypnotize people. They hypnotize people and pose 'em like statues in a m'seum. Maybe she be hypnotized. Got's to wake her up. Maybe if I fuck her in the ass she'll wake up."

"Ummm, she is my slave, not yours." Dorothy scolded Pimp. Dorothy tried to wake her by saying a common word: "umbrella, dog, go home, puppy, ..." Nothing worked, "Start" "Hello" "GO!" Maybe that would wake her up. "WAKE UP" Dorothy shouted in her pony's face. Nothing. Dorothy didn't know what to do.

"I got the key to this ride right here in my pants. I'm tellin' you, if I stick this in her ass she will purr like the Ferarri she is."

"All you want to do is fuck. You would fuck me in the ass if you could get away with it. I think you might even fuck Soso."

"Fuck no, I don't do dogs. What do you think I am. Sheeeiiiit." Pimp said.

"Ok, you can try to wake her up." Dorothy replied, flustered that her one and only possession was useless to her.

Mr. Pimp pulled down his pants and told Dorothy to suck him to get him hard.

"No. If you have all the answers then you can get yourself hard."

Mr. Pimp was angry but started to whack his pud until is was long and hard. "I need some LOU-BRICK-A-SHUN, anyone got some astroglide?"

"Astroglide, isn't that something for Astronauts?"

"No baby, for ass fuckin'."

Dorothy looked around and actually found a tube of tanning oil/sunblock on the ground. She guessed that this was used to keep Pony Girl nice and shiny. She handed the tube to the pimp, and he lubed up as best he could. He then pushed his cock deep into Pony Girl's ass in one continuous slow motion, adding some of his own spit to ease things further. She didn't move. He moved his cock in and out in her ass. She didn't move.

Dorothy thought out loud, "If this girl was owned by the Wicked Bitch of the East, she didn't have a penis, so what sense does this make."

"Good point, but she has a nice tight ass so I ain't stoppin'."

Given that Mr. Pimp's big head was devoid of blood, and Dorothy was stupefied, that left Soso to solve the mystery.&nbsp; Soso sniffed around and found the ponygirl's cart. He barked until Dorothy came to look. Pimp was still fucking Pony Girl's ass, slapping it every once in a while. 

On the large aluminum 2 man (plus one dog) cart was a whip, a riding crop. "I know, maybe this will wake her up." Dorothy yelled back to Mr. Pimp. Dorothy walked back to Pony Girl. "Look what I have. I think this is the key."

"Go for it baby, whip this Girl's tits or something."

"I don't think whipping her tits will do anything. Her tits look perfect, not a mark on them. In fact, they are so smooth and perfect that I just want to kiss them," and Dorothy did just that. She licked and sucked her pony's pierced nipples. A light bulb went off over her head, "I know, I'm going to whip her clit, that's probably her 'on' button, I know it's mine, so watch out."&nbsp; Whack. Whack. Whack. Whack. 

The ponygirl shook her head, like a horse does. She was out of her trance. She didn't react at all to the fact that someone was fucking her ass, she just stood and nodded her head up and down. Dorothy asked, "What is your name?"

Pony Girl whinnied.

"Wow, she really is a pony." Growing up I always wanted a pony, now I have one. Dorothy smiled.

Pony Girl looked at the girl in front of her, she was hot, much hotter than her owner. Pony Girl looked around to find her owner, the Wicked Bitch of the East, but all she saw was this hot hot girl. The fact that someone was fucking her ass was de rigeur, but the fact that someone other than her owner woke her up was something new. Pony Girl moved forward slowly to measure this hot girl's reaction. Dorothy held up her hand and started to stroke the pony's mane. Pony Girl stopped.

Pimp figured that Dorothy would probably ask him to stop soon, so he started bouncing on the pony's ass, trying to cum.&nbsp; Sure enough, Dorothy told Pimp to stop just as he shot his load deep in the pony's rectum. Pimp then pulled out of her ass and pulled up his pants. "Damn fine piece of ass. I bet she is from Brazil."

The pony girl whinnied and shook her head up and down. He was right. I guess they could communicate with Pony Girl, yes or no, maybe a direction or something like that, but nothing complicated.

Dorothy explained what was going on. She explained that her name was Dorothy and that she accidentally killed the pony's owner, the Wicked Bitch of the East, and that a Playmate put the ruby dildo into her pussy (which she showed Pony Girl), and that she and this man, Mr. Pimp, found Pony Girl in the alley and woke her up and she was her new owner. Dorothy rambled on while Pony Girl became more and more skiddish. Dorothy then took a different approach. She told Pony Girl, "You are so beautiful, I have always wanted a beautiful pony like you." That worked better. "Your body is so sweet, I especially like your breasts and your legs." Pony Girl agreed, those were her best attributes. Dorothy started to pet Pony Girl's neck and her breasts, she leaned down and kissed her nipples, licking around her dark areolas. Pony Girl was relaxed now. Dorothy gently lifted her Pony's breasts into her hands and massaged her nipples. Dorothy continued to primp Pony Girl and soon the pony lowered her head and rubbed Dorothy's chest in acceptance.

"Looks like we got our wheels, baby. Let's hook her up and get going.", the pimp continued, "If that is alright with you, baby."

"I think we should feed her a bit first, she looks hungry." 

Pony Girl agreed. 

Pimp gave some money to Dorothy to get some apples or something, and connected up the pony girl as he waited for Dorothy to return.&nbsp; "You goin' to be mine soon, Ho. I'm going to punish you 100 times worse than any Wicked Bitch cause I got a cock, and I'm goin' to pimp you out.&nbsp; Pimp my ride!" he laughed.

The ponygirl just turned her head to look at the man that had been fucking her. She whinnied shaking her head back and forth and stomping her left foot on the ground. That meant "fuck you" in pony talk.

Pimp then attached the cart to Pony Girl's waist band, sliding its two long arms into the mounting rings on either side of her body. Cotter pins held the arms in place. Then, Pimp rigged up her reins, terminating them into the straps attached to her labia rings. Finally, he reached between the girl's legs and stuck his finger in her cunt, rubbing her clit with his thumb. "My daddy always said to check the lube before a long trip," he said laughing at his own joke.

Dorothy returned soon with some food. She took Pony Girl's bit off and fed her a couple of apples while petting her long mane. She gave her some water to drink, and continued feeding her some ponygirl feed.

"What is your name?" Dorothy asked, not expecting an answer. Surprisingly, Pony Girl looked over her shoulder and stared at the front of the cart where a placard read "Cunt Runner." "I don't like that name." Dorothy said walking up to the placard. She ripped it from the cart and threw it on the ground. "I will call you Gigi."

Pony Girl's eyes lit up. Gigi was a nice name, much nicer than Cunt Runner. Dorothy was proud of her ponygirl Gigi. She seem good natured and well trained. Dorothy was happy, Gigi was happy and the pimp has just horney, as he always was.

Dorothy had never driven a horse drawn cart, and certainly not a ponygirl drawn cart, but she quickly learned how to signal start, stop, and steer left and right. Dorothy understood now why Gigi had such strong legs, pulling a load of two people on the street of Aahs took such strength.

Soon the three were traveling down the streets of Aahs, Pony Girl in the lead, head held high, pulling a cart seating her new owner Dorothy, her friend Mr. Pimp, and her dog Soso, on their journey to Rhinestone City. As Pony Girl pulled Dorothy and the pimp though the seedier parts of Aahs, the pimp noticed 'John's Ho'sery and Tattoo Parlor.'&nbsp; "Stop" he shouted and Dorothy pulled back on Pony Girl's reins. "We gots to get you some fishnets and some bling, remember?"

Dorothy replied, "OK, Let's go."

The two parked Pony Girl outside in the shade, wrapping her reins around a guard pole. Dorothy fed Pony Girl another apple and some water as Pimp entered the store. Soon Dorothy joined.

Inside the store Dorothy got an eyeful, there were whips and chains and Ho's clothing, and sex toys, dildos and all, lubes, butt plugs, vibrators, funky clothing, some medicines, all kinds of things a Ho needs. In the back was a big section of porn and in the corner was what looked like a booth.&nbsp; Dorothy and Pimp looked around. She found the fishnets. He found the studs and jewelry for piercings. 

"You pierce here?" the pimp asked 'John' behind the desk.

"Yep, what you need pierced." the clerk answered.

"Not me asshole, her. I'm going to pierce your fucking skull if you give me any shit, asshole." he yelled at the clerk.

"OK, OK, no problems. I can pierce the tongue, the clit, the lips, any lips, the nose, the nipple and the belly button.&nbsp; What you want?"

"I want her nipples pierced. Check out those tits.&nbsp; You seen anything finer. And she can suck cock, wow." Pimp answered.

"I will pierce her nipples for a blowjob, yes."

"Yeah, right.&nbsp; Not by me you don't." Dorothy butted in. "I only agreed to have my belly button pierced.&nbsp; Don't you think my belly button is sexy without any of that tacky jewelry in it?"

"Tacky, you call John's jewelry tacky.&nbsp; You get out of here. You have offended John."

"Sorry, the only thing I will put in my belly button is a ruby, a real big red ruby.&nbsp; You got one of those?" Dorothy replied.

"In fact, yes, I do. It is very expensive. Very very expensive.&nbsp; You have the money?"

"Sheeeiiiit, I'll fuck you up asshole." the pimp said taking out his gun and pointing it at the clerk. "One more word and I'll blow your fuckin' brains all over this place. Nobody dis'es me that way. I pay for what I want. Fuck you."

"Sir, I ask you kindly to accept this ruby for your wife? girlfriend? friend? with my complements." John continued, about to shit in his pants.

"Listen asshole, I only want what is fair, if I was white would you ask me if I had the money? I will take this ruby for my friend here, and as payment I will give you the use of our ponygirl for one hour." Pimp said.

"She is MY ponygirl. Before you make any promises ask ME." Dorothy corrected Mr. Pimp. "Can I borrow the ruby for a minute." Dorothy asked the clerk.

"With my complements, madam." he replied cognizant of the gun still pointing at his head.

Dorothy had pierced ears but not a pierced anything else. She had heard that the belly button piercing was the most difficult, but that ruby excited her. 

Dorothy left the store, picking up a hair brush on the way out, and walked over to Gigi to show her the ruby. She pushed the ruby into her belly button and asked Gigi, "Do you like it."&nbsp; Gigi whinnied approval. Dorothy pulled out the brush and started to brush Gigi's hair. "I really love this ruby. It would look so nice here in my belly button. I don't have enough money to buy this, but if you make love to that nice man over there, he will give this to me. Is that OK? Will you do that?" Dorothy asked her pony, continuing to brush.

Pony Girl had never been given the option to fuck someone or not. Fucking and sucking was something that she did just like eating and pulling a cart. It meant nothing to her. Pony Girl didn't know how to answer this question. She thought maybe that Dorothy was not happy with her performance, so she shook her head, rubbing Dorothy's breasts, asking for forgiveness. Dorothy interpreted this as acceptance of her request and pet Gigi on her head, and stroked her mane. Dorothy walked back to the store giddy with excitement.

"If you agree with Mr. Pimp here, then we have a deal, I'm game." Dorothy told the clerk.

"Deal it is."

The clerk then asked Dorothy to step to the back of the store where he had his piercing gear. "First, you must strip, naked." the clerk said.

"WHAT, Why do I have to strip? Everyone always wants me to strip!"

"Can you blame them." Pimp replied.

"It is for legal reasons. I have had many women get their private part pierced and when they see the blood they scream and the blood gets on their clothing and they blame me and want new clothes. Now I have everyone strip and there are no problems."

"Whatever." Dorothy said resigned to stripping yet one more time. This time she just took off her clothes, no teasing. Between seeing Dorothy naked, and fantasizing about what he was going to do with the ponygirl, the clerk was hard anyways. "Concentrate on what your are doing, asshole." Dorothy yelled into the clerks brain, bringing him back to reality. "If you fuck this up that guy will blow your head off," she said pointing to Pimp.

The clerk's dick instantly went limp.

Dorothy told the clerk that she did not want one of those "hanging" belly button piercings, she wanted her ruby to be fixed. The clerk told her that would require two piercings on top and on bottom, or on each side. Dorothy picked top and bottom, she wanted her button to look slim. He also said that he would have to modify the setting, which he did. The clerk then cleaned her skin with alcohol near the piercing and took a hemostat and a spear out of his autoclave. After marking the top hole with a pen, he clamped the skin to make sure everything was straight and then, without warning, stabbed the spear through Dorothy's thin skin.

"Ouch." Dorothy shouted. "What the fuck was that!"

"I find it better not to tell the women when they are getting the spear. They can't freak out that way."

"That really hurts. Are you going to do that again?"

"Yes, that is what you requested. I just must align the stone to be perfect first."

"OK. OK. OK. OK. Well, not really OK, but in for a penny..." Dorothy relented.

The clerk aligned the stone, made his mark, and wham, hole number two.

"Fuck." Dorothy shouted. "I think I'm going to be sick."

"Do not worry Miss Dorothy," the clerk replied, "you go next door and get my special belly button curry, it will cure you all your pains."

"Does it come with a shot of Vodka or something."

"It is a family secret from the old country. I will put this salve on it too. You will have no feeling here for 3 days. After that all pain will be gone. Keep it clean." the clerk warned.

"It's over, right?" Dorothy asked.

"Yes. All done."

"Can I see it? You have a mirror?"

"The mirror is over there, by the butt plugs."

Dorothy walked over to the mirror and looked at herself. The clerk did a good job. The ruby glowed in her belly. Dorothy was mesmerized. She just stared at herself while she slowly dressed. With all her clothes on, Dorothy stood at the mirror putting her weight on one leg her other leg slightly bent. Now she knew that she was hot.&nbsp; Red pumps, red fishnets, long legs, a leather belt skirt hanging from her hips, bare mid-drift with a red ruby in the middle, too tight thin top barely hiding a perky set of tits. She was hot. She turned to the Pimp and asked, "What do you think," while biting the corner of her lip in anticipation.

"Baby, you are the first woman, and I mean woman, that could get me hard just by looking. I'm afraid to stand next to you, you might burn me up!"

Dorothy was happy. 

The clerked asked Pimp, "May I go now with the ponygirl outside, sir?"

"Go!", the pimp said curtly.

The clerk went outside to fetch the pony and led her to a back room that had a mattress. The clerk was happy. He knew Pony Girl. He knew that Dorothy had killed the Wicked Bitch of the East. He knew that she was on her way to Rhinestone City. He knew that the ponygirl was Cunt Runner, THE Cunt Runner! He was going to fuck Cunt Runner, three time winner of the Comefuckme Derby, the only three time winner. 

The clerk called a few of his friends to partake in his good fortune. He could charge them plenty to get a fuck off Cunt Runner, enough to pay for the ruby and then some. He was very happy, but...

The clerk tried to get Cunt Runner on the ground so he could fuck her. She wouldn't. He knew she was trained to fuck. Why was she just standing there. He walked around her body, it was covered in sweat but still smelled nice. He slapped her ass. Nothing. His frustration level was increasing when the first of many of his friends arrived. 

"I know the secret of the training of the ponygirl", his friend said. "Look on her back, you see the styles of fucking and sucking that she can do. You must pick one."

The clerked pressed the "cowboy" style image. Nothing happened.

"No, you must use the whip there. She is controlled by the whip. Don't you know anything about ponygirls," the friend said abruptly.

"Well, I will soon know how it feels to fuck one. If you don't shut up, you will NOT!", the clerk replied, silencing his friend. The clerk then picked up the crop and hit Cunt Runner on the "cowboy" style button. She replied by making a circle motion with her hips, acknowledging his command. She waited for the clerk to take off his pants and get on the ground, something that took him way too long. Pony Girl then got on her knees, bent down, and sucked the clerk's dick into her mouth. He went from being semi-hard to fully hard in one second. She sucked him a bit, using her tongue and the back or her throat. She was a pro in all ways. She knew that he would blow quickly, so after less than a minute of sucking, she mounted his pole into her cunt. 

"Ride me, Cunt Runner." the clerk shouted. 

She didn't like the name Cunt Runner, but she certainly was used to it. She bounced on his dick like she had on thousands of other dicks before. She was well trained. But this time she felt different. For the first time she felt like she was doing something wrong. That she was more than just a pump for horney dicks, more than just a cum depository. That she could someday be a real person, not just a ponygirl. The clerk's friend pulled out his dick and jammed it into Cunt Runner's face. She used her tongue to grab the dick and suck it into her mouth. She was well trained.

"Get that dick out of there and wait your turn," the clerk yelled at his friend. 

The clerk was having the time of his life. He imagined himself riding Cunt Runner in the Cumfuckme Derby, rounding the last bend, coming into the stretch, whipping Cunt Runner to make her go faster, faster, faster, BOOM. He came. He came and it was over. Cunt Runner stopped too, she knew exactly how to sense when a man needed more, needed less, and when he was done. She was Cunt Runner, she was the best. 

Cunt Runner stood up. The clerk picked himself up from the mattress and pull up his pants. At this point there were already 4 more men in the room. The clerk turned to his friend and said, "Your turn. First, where in the cash."

The friend reached in his pocket and pulled out a large wad of cash. He then grabbed the crop and whipped the image showing Cunt Runner getting ass fucked. 











The Gimp

While "John" was collecting his payments, Dorothy and Pimp checked out the neighborhood. As they walked the streets everybody, both men and women, stared at the stunning Dorothy. Pimp was happy. Dorothy felt powerful now. As powerful as Demi Moore. Everyone was looking at her, everyone wanted her. Everyone wanted to fuck her. She was happy. Her dildo began to vibrate. 

Dorothy did feel a bit guilty, though, that she had become a pimp for her little pony, but sex didn't seem to be such a bit deal for Dorothy now, and it certainly wasn't a big deal for a ponygirl. A blowjob here, an ass fuck there. It was all good, especially since it wasn't her ass. 

After doing a little window shopping, the two entered the Diner next door to "John's". Dorothy got a table and Pimp went into the bathroom. As he opened the stall to piss, (he always pissed in the stall, not the urinal), he noticed a hole in the wall. A tongue was sticking out of the hole.

"What the fuck is going on here." he shouted at the tongue. He was disturbed. He was angry. He was livid. He couldn't piss with this tongue pointing at him. He stormed out of the bathroom and looked for other end of the tongue. He broke down 4 doors before he found a bag of leather containing some human mass. He figured this was the source of the tongue and went up to the mass. He saw that whatever was there was attached to a toilet, face chained to a wall and ass over the toilet bowl. It was completely covered in leather, the only exposed area was a hole for its tongue and hole for its shit and piss to come out. It was a gimp. He took out his gun and shot the chains binding the gimp to the wall, freeing it. The gimp rolled off his seat and fell onto the ground thinking that it was shot dead.

Dorothy heard the shots and ran back to find out what was going on. When she entered, Pimp was standing over a man laying flat on his back, naked except for a leather mask surrounding his face. Dorothy yelled, "Why did you kill that guy?"

"Shit. I didn't fuckin' kill him. I cut him loose. Shit. This fuckin' shit-head smells like fuckin' shit." the Pimp replied, lightly kicking the man's face to wake him up. "I don't want to be fuckin' jammed up for just trying to take a piss." It took the man a few seconds to move. "This shit-head was bothering me. A brother has got to piss in private."

"I'm alive?" the man asked.

"Stupid ass question, shit-head." the pimp replied.

"WWWWWWWWWWWho are you, master?" the man continued "Are you gggggoing to kkkkkkill me."

"If I wanted to kill you, you wouldn't be asking me that, shit-head."

"Oh. I've bbbbbbeen hhhhhhhhheeeere ssssssssooooo lllllong I don't rrrrrrrreally ........"

"You're a fuckin' gimp. Fuck. I don't have all day, gimp.", the pimp said impatiently.

"What is a gimp?" Dorothy asked.

"Do I look like a fuckin' dictionary. A gimp is a slave you keep in a box. You take it out when you get horney and fuck it in the ass, right gimp." the pimp replied.

The gimp stood up. His balance was shaky, as was his whole demeanor. He was way too skinny for his height. Skinny in his face, skinny in his body and his arms and skinny in his legs. Shinny everywhere, and hairy everywhere too. He was covered in all sorts of dried liquids. His dick actually looked quite large compared to the rest of him. His eyes looked hollow, but there was still some humanity in them.

"Master, I wasn't ffffffucked in the ass.&nbsp; I am not gggggay." he asserted meekly.

Dorothy asked the man what he was doing here.

"I was a cccccaptured by the WWWWWicked Bitch of the East.&nbsp; She trained me to eat pppppppussy. I couldn't get her off, so she chchchchchchained me here to be a cccccccum deposit station for all the hohohohohohohorney men of Aahs. But, I am not ggggggay!"

"Did you know that I singlehandedly killed the Wicked Bitch of the East?" Dorothy asked.

"Mistress, you look like a whhhhhhore, not a killer."

"I am not a whore!" Dorothy protested to this barely-a-man. Her dildo started to vibrate.

"SSSSSSSSorry. I don't mean to be ungrateful. Thththththank you for saving me. Thththththank you for killing that bitch. Thththththank you for not killing me." the gimp said as he got on his knees blathering his thanks for everything he could think of.

"Man, you are fucked up." Pimp stated the obvious. 

"Mistress, I think I could think bbbbbbetter if I had some real fffffooood. My main nnnnnourishment has been an endless stream of ccccccum from the ccccccocks that I serviced day after day. But I am not ggggay."

"To each his own, I say." the pimp chimed in.

"MMMMMMy name? My given name is Leon, Mistress."

"Hi Leon, my name is Dorothy, this is my friend Pimp the Pimp."

"Hi Mistress Dorothy, Hi Master PPPPPimp. Pimp?" Leon question Dorothy, "Mistress, are you sure you are not a whore?"

"I'm sure." Dorothy told the gimp. Her dildo vibrated a bit faster.

"Shit-head, I mean Leon, you smell. I got to go piss and eat somein'. I am out of here." the pimp said leaving the gimp with Dorothy.

"Mistress, what are you gggggoing to do with me?", the gimp asked. "Don't bbbbbeat me please. I am your sssssslave, Mistress."

"I am trying to find my way back home to Los Angeles. Have you heard of it?"

"NNNNNo, Mistress."

"I, well we, are on our way to see the Jizzer of Aahs at Rhinestone City. He is going to do something wonderful for all of us."

"Mistress, I will gladly follow you to see this JJJJJJizzer Maybe he can give me the cccccccourage to be a better slave."

"You can come with us, I guess, but first you are going to need to wash up a bit, well a lot. You really do smell quite bad. I'll tell you what, soap up here somewhere and I will try to find a hose. We can hose you off. OK?"

"Yes, Mistress" Leon shook as he talked.

"Keep your distance please... Use lots of soap, OK, like, maybe, a gallon or something like that."

"Thanks you, Mistress, I ggggget the idea."

"I doubt it."

"Mistress, any fffffood you could possible spare, even a little scrap, would be gggggggreatly appreciated." the gimp repeated.

"I'll bring up a doggie bag from the diner. OK?"

"Yes, Mistress"

"We need to get you some clothes too. Why don't you take off that leather mask," Dorothy asked.

"Yes, Mistress." the gimp replied. He tried to find a zipper or a button or something to open the mask, but couldn't find one.

"Mistress, I cccccccannot figure out how to rrrrrremove this mask. Can you help me?"

"Clean up first. You are covered in cum, yuck. And some orange and green stuff, gross." Dorothy said as she turned and left to go eat. "I'll be back."

Dorothy left the room and then left the Diner to get a breath of fresh air. It took five minutes to get that smell our of her nose. She saw a hose on the corner of the building that she could use later.

Dorothy and Mr. Pimp ordered and when the food arrived, Dorothy took the gimp's food to him. "Here," Dorothy said to the gimp, pushing his food at him. "Gotta go!"

Dorothy and Pimp ate their second meal together. A lot had happened to them since they met a day earlier. Dorothy looked into Pimp's eyes, smiled, and thanked him for coming along with her.

"Sheeeeeiiiit. You are welcome." he replied smiling back.

After they finished, Dorothy asked Pimp to go outside and turn on the hose while she went into the back to get the gimp. When she entered the room, the gimp was sitting on the floor, covered in that liquid soap used at public bathrooms. His food was completely finished, not even a drop of oil was left, not even on the paper holding his veggie-burger.

"Follow me, Leon. BUT NOT TOO CLOSE, OK!" Dorothy commanded the gimp. "And bring more of that soap.". Leon followed Dorothy and at the moment they got outside Pimp blasted the gimp with water. After 20 minutes of soaking and scrubbing and soaping and scrubbing again, and again, Leon's almost smelled human... almost. Dorothy approached Leon and tried to figure out how to remove his mask. She couldn't. "Looks like you are going to have to keep that mask on until we get to Rhinestone City." she told the still naked gimp. 

"Yes, Mistress." he replied, genuflecting.

As Dorothy and her two new friends walked back to the "Ho'siery" to get Gigi and find some clothes for the gimp, they heard a commotion in the back of the store. There, Dorothy saw something that made her blood boil. The clerk, standing with 12 other guys, was whipping Gigi's tits. Her smooth skin showed thin white and red lines. Gigi was bucking back and forth, being held by two of the men onto the cock of some guy laying on the floor. 

Dorothy shouted "Stop. Stop you fucking asshole. Stop."&nbsp; She turned to Pimp and told him. "Stop these guys, they're hurting my little pony." 

The whipping stopped. The room was silent. 

Mr. Pimp took out his gun, pointing it at the clerk, and said, "Time to meet your maker."

"No," Dorothy shouted. "Don't kill him. He needs to suffer first. I want to see him suffer like he is making my Gigi suffer." Dorothy felt both angry and guilty. She shouldn't have left her ponygirl with this man. She should have protected her pony. 

Meanwhile, all the dicks in the room went limp, and all the guys other than the clerk and the guy under Gigi moved slowly towards the door. The pimp told them all to leave. Gigi stood up and ran over to Dorothy, rubbing her head in Dorothy's chest. The guy getting fucked got up and ran out with his pants at his ankles. 

As Dorothy was comforting Gigi, the gimp looked at the clerk and stuttered, "Mistress, Thththththat man helped chchchchain me to the sssssssstall."

"I knew that guy was no good. I shoulda busta cap in his ass the first time he diss'd me. Dorothy, you gots to give me reason not to shoot his head off right now."

Dorothy responded, "Later, baby." trying to calm Mr. Pimp down. "Let's think. Maybe we can come up with something more appropriate for this asshole."

"What you thinkin' of, baby."

"Well, he was pimpin' out my Gigi, so maybe we should pimp him out?"

"Baby, hate to tell you this, but you were pimpin' her out too."

"Yeah, I know. Well, this guy is an asshole, that is for sure. Maybe we should let everyone know that. And he was whipping her tits, her perfect perfect tits, so maybe she should whip his tits? He helped turn Leon into a cum sucking glory hole so maybe we should do the same to him." Dorothy reasoned.

"An eye for an eye. Fuck. Let's just blow his balls off, cut off his dick, and make him eat it." Pimp replied, repointing the gun towards the clerk's balls.

"I agree with the beautiful woman." the clerk offered, shaking at the knees. His pants were wet.

"SHUT THE FUCK UP." Dorothy and Pimp yelled in unison.

"Gimp, get one of those fuckin' ball gags and put it on this soon to be skid mark. Handcuff him behind his fuckin' back too, and around here so he can't move." the Pimp commanded. "How the fuck is your pony going to hold a fuckin' whip? How the fuck are we going to weld has fuckin' face to that hole? Got any better ideas, baby."

"Mistress, I have an idea, " the gimp spoke out of turn, his face pointing straight down, "Well, this pony can't hold a whip, so maybe she could just kick him in the balls, once for each mark he left on her. That would be fair."

The clerk winced. He tried to protest but one could only hear "Uunh, shoo, thluf ..."

"And for Leon, maybe Leon can fuck him in the ass." Dorothy added.

"I am not gay!" Leon inserted, without a stutter to be heard.

"How about he give you a blowjob then." Dorothy offered.

"Um, Mistress, wouldn't that still be gay?", the gimp pondered.

"How about he give you a fuckin' blowjob through that hole over there." The pimp said as he moved his gun over a couple of inches and blew a hole in the wall. "That way you won't know if it is really his fuckin' mouth or 'someone else's'."

"Yes, Master, and I cum down his, I mean the person's, throat.", Leon added. "We better use a blowjob harness to keep his mouth wide open." Leon pranced over the BDSM hardware section and found the sturdiest hardness.

Dorothy then asked, "Now how do we make sure everyone knows he is an asshole..... I know, let's tattoo ASSHOLE on his forehead."

"And 'SHIT HERE' around his mouth and 'FUCK MY ASS' on his cheeks," Leon chimed in, again without a stutter.

"You are becoming one wicked woman, Dorothy." Pimp said. "OK, first the tattoos, then the blowjob, then your pony can crush his balls."

"Sounds good to me. You two, can you hold his head still. I got to figure out how to operate this tattoo pencil." Dorothy was ready to tattoo her guilt onto the clerk's forehead forever.

An hour later, the clerk was a complete wreck. He passed out twice while being tattooed, he gagged and spit up twice while giving his first blowjob, and he was now tied, spread eagle, to a couple of posts at the back of his store waiting for the ponygirl to emasculate him. He was naked save for the ball gag. 

Dorothy had applied some ointment to Gigi's tits hoping to restore them to their former perfect self. There were 10 visible whip marks. Gigi was still in shock. Nobody had ever whipped her tits before. She didn't really know what it meant. Gigi didn't seek revenge, just an explanation. Dorothy had told her that this bad man had whipped her tits because he was a bad man, but that didn't make sense to Gigi. What was a bad man? Men were just for fucking. When they brought Gigi up to the bound clerk she had a better understanding. He was covered in his own spit, with blood running from his face and his dick. Gigi recognized this as punishment, the sort of punishment that she too had suffered many times from her former owner. When she approached the clerk she knew she was going to further his punishment. That she understood.

Dorothy pointed to the clerk and told Gigi, "Kick", pointing to his balls.

Gigi didn't know what to do. She dare not kick a man in the balls. She would be boiled alive if her owner found out.

"Kick," Dorothy repeated demonstrating what she expected of her pony. 

Gigi kicked the clerk's balls gently, checking that this wasn't a test.

"No, Gigi, kick him hard, as hard as you can." Dorothy yelled.

Gigi started to cry. Why was she being yelled at by Dorothy?

"I'm sorry Gigi, don't cry. Here, Let me show you what to do. Don't worry. You can do it. I'm sorry I yelled." Dorothy said comforting the ponygirl. Then Dorothy stood up, went over the clerk, and kicked him in the balls as hard as she could. It felt good. She pointed to Gigi. Gigi came over and with all her might, she too kicked the clerk. He vomited. Gigi kicked him again. And again. And again. He passed out, his body shaking uncontrollably. Leon walked up to the clerk and revived him with some poppers. This repeated a few times until the clerk no longer could be revived. Gigi kicked him a total of ten times. His groin was black and blue and red and a big big mess. Dorothy thought she even saw one of his balls fly off during kick number eight. She didn't go to look for it.

After they finished they cut the clerk down and left him in a pool of his own vomit, piss, and blood. On his way out, Leon kicked the defenseless man weakly in the face. Gigi stayed behind for a minute to look at the bad man. He was moving and groaning, barely conscious. She squatted on his face and shit in his mouth. 

As they left the store, Leon picked some clothes to cover his still naked body. There wasn't much men's clothing, but he did find leather shorts and a leather vest. Dorothy picked out some things that she thought might come in handy later, and some things to satisfy her curiosity. She commanded Leon to put on a leather collar, wrist cuffs, and ankle cuffs too; and he did. Leon didn't get a seat, he had to run beside the pongirl's cart. He was a real gimp.











The Road to Rhinestone City

As Dorothy, her dog Soso, her pony Gigi, a Pimp named Pimp and a Gimp named Leon traveled on the final long winding road to find the Jizzer of Aahs at Rhinestone City, the Wicked Bitch of the West suddenly appeared in their path.

"I'll get you now, my pretty." she said frighteningly. "You have what is rightfully mine: the ruby dildo is MINE! the ponygirl Cunt Runner is MINE! even the gimp is rightfully MINE. You can have that pimp, I don't need a fucking pimp."

Pimp turned to Dorothy and said, "I told you we should have popped that fuck ass&nbsp; back there. I bet he dropped the dime on us." He then walked towards the bitch saying: "Fuck you, bitch. Out of our way or I'll fuck you up so bad your dog will think your face is your ass. Sheeeiiiit. Probably a'ready does." He raised his cane but as he was about to strike the bitch, she pulled a tazer gun from her side and shot the pimp in his balls.

"Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck...." was all Pimp could say as he fell to the ground and writhed like, like someone was shocking his balls with 4000 volts. "Fuck. Fuck. Fuck....." He was useless to defend Dorothy now.

"That was for my friend 'John' you fuck-wipe," the bitch said while she spat on the pimp.

Leon was no help either, he just cowered next the cart and repeated, "Not again. Not again..." These guys were useless, Dorothy concluded.

When the Wicked Bitch got within grabbing distance of Dorothy, Pony Girl reared back and kicked the bitch as she had the clerk earlier in the day. 

"That doesn't quite work with me, little Cunt Runner, I don't got no dick and no balls." the bitch laughed.

Pony Girl was getting really angry. Her name was Gigi, not Cunt Runner. Cunt Runner was her slave name, her name when she was owned by an evil woman. Now she was owned by a sweet girl who didn't whip her, who asked her what she wanted, who brushed her hair and pet her, who actually defended her. Pony Girl then, with all her skill and might, jumped up and kicked the bitch in the face, after which she whinnied, shook her head, and stomped her left foot saying "fuck you" to the bitch. The bitch fell to the ground, blood running from her nose and mouth.

The delay gave time for Dorothy to free Gigi from her cart. The bitch finally stood up and again came at Dorothy. Gigi kicked the bitch again, this time in the bread basket, sending her reeling 20 feet back.

The Bitch got up, defeated, and threatened Dorothy, "You are more powerful than I thought, little girl, but I will get you. Just you wait and see. You will be fucking every man in Aahs. Ha Ha Ha." and poof, she was gone.

Dorothy turned to Leon and kicked him onto the ground. She then stood with one foot on his groin, jamming the tip of her stiletto heels into where she figured his scrotum would be. "You are not only a gimp, you are a wimp. This girl here, MY ponygirl, had to defend the lot of us. OK, I can understand what happened to Pimp but what was your excuse."

"I don't have an eeeeexcuse, mistress." the gimp replied.

"I doubt the Jizzer, or anyone, can turn you into a real man."

"Maybe not mistress."

"Get on the ground, on all fours like a dog, gimp," Dorothy yelled at him. He didn't know what to expect. She zipped his eyes closed. "Stay like this." He did. One minute passed, two, three, four, five, six, finally after who knows how long the gimp felt something on his asshole. Maybe it was a penis, or a finger, or something else, he couldn't really tell. It felt wet and squishy, and was growing as it pushed into him. His heart raced. He stayed still, letting the thing enter him. He kept repeating, "I am not gay" in his head. He repeated it until he realized that it really didn't matter. His ass was full of some penis now, it was moving in and out and in and out. He had a hard-on as the probing penis massaged his prostate. His stiff dick was huge, as big as the Pimp's, maybe even bigger. His ass didn't feel pain, it just felt like he had to take a shit. He could barely remember what that felt like since it had been so long since he had a real bowel movement. 

The gimp was glad he couldn't open his eyes, he didn't want to know what guy or what thing was fucking him in the ass. All of a sudden he heard Dorothy's voice behind him. "This will teach you that either you act like a man or you will be used like a woman." Dorothy was wearing a strap-on, a big black strap-on. She must have taken it from "John's" store before they left. He remembered now that Dorothy had taken a bag full of stuff. Dorothy continued to fuck Leon's ass, pulling the huge dildo out all the way, dropping a dollop of lube on the shaft, and pounding the thing back into his hole. Pound, pound, pound. 

"I want you to apologize to me.", Dorothy spat out.

"I apologi...."

"Not now, gimp." Dorothy did not give Leon a chance to redeem himself, she continued pounding his ass. She stood now on her feet, her hands on the gimp's hips, ramming her cock as hard and as deep as she could. All of her weight forced the gimp's sphincter to widen accepting more and more of her cock. 

"And apologize to Gigi."

Leon was silent. He didn't know what had gotten into this pretty young girl.

Dorothy's fucking became less forceful as Leon noticed that she was massaging his shaft with her right hand. The ass fucking was now hard and deep, not long and fast. Each push, combined with the stimulation to his glans, was causing Leon to near orgasm. He didn't know if it was allowed. He was afraid if he came she might rip his dick off, or worse. Leon decided to ask, "Mistress, Dear Mistress, may I cum?"

"I want you to cum in my hand. Use your own hand to finish off. Don't spill a drop or you will pay." Dorothy answered.

Leon understood. He picked his right hand off the ground, he always used his right hand, and spat into it. Then he reached down and replaced Dorothy's hand with his own. With just a few strokes, Leon came. He shot his load into Dorothy's cupped hand. Shot after shot of cum covered her hand, fingers and even her wrist. When he was finished he put his head on the ground but kept his ass in the air. He didn't want Dorothy to drop any of the cum on the ground. He also was afraid of what she might do next.

Dorothy stood and told Gimp to sit up on his knees. She stepped on his softening dick as it lay on the ground. Her cock was in his face, rubbing against his lips. She rubbed some of the cum on her cock. "Suck my cock, clean it with your mouth and your tongue." Dorothy required.

Leon pursed his lips, not wanted to eat his own cum and his own ass. Dorothy got angry.

"You will suck it, gimp, and lick the rest from my hand. Remember what Gigi did to that clerk. You want some of that?" Dorothy threatened. 

The gimp's eyes started to fill with water. He wasn't crying yet, but one more thought of desperation would start a torrent of tears. The gimp relented. He stuck out his tongue, and for the first time, tasted his own cum. 

"Yummy, isn't it." Dorothy said as she pushed her cock slowly into his mouth. "You drank gallons and gallons of cum, now you are eating your own." Dorothy said as she grabbed his leather covered head and pushed her cock deep down his throat. "You sucked thousands and thousands of cocks, and now you are sucking mine. How fitting for a coward. Wherever you are you can remember back to the good old days of being a cum hole, and now you can give yourself a little taste too." Dorothy was cruel, very very cruel. She forced the gimp to lick all of the cum from her cock, and then replaced it with more and more, finally forcing him to lick her whole hand clean.

"Next time I'll whip your ass first. Now get up. You are HER slave now." Dorothy declared, pointing to Gigi, "Gigi needs to be washed and groomed. That is YOUR job. Go lick the road dirt off of her beautiful body. Lick her all over, but don't fuck her or I'll cut your dick off. Brush her hair until it shines." Dorothy commanded the gimp. She then took some handcuffs from her bag and attached Leon to Pony Girl's cart. He was going nowhere.

"Yes Mistress. I am sorry Mistress for not defending you." Leon spoke while addressing first Dorothy, then her pony Gigi. His stutter was gone. Leon knew his place. He was a real gimp.

Dorothy watched Leon lick Gigi clean. Gigi didn't mind, but this was somewhat new to her. She had been forced many times to lick all sorts of things, cocks, pussies, and asses for sure. She had given many tongue baths before, but this was the first time a man was licking her clean. Gigi knew this meant that she was special, special to Dorothy at least. Leon, on the other hand, hated every last minute of this punishment, but he was afraid of Dorothy now. He couldn't imagine what punishment he would be forced to endure if Mistress were disappointed.

When he reached Gigi's pussy, Dorothy told him not to linger there. She didn't want to share her Pony Girl's pussy with anyone else anymore. That pussy belonged to Dorothy. When he reached Gigi's asshole, Dorothy pushed Leon's face into it and told him to lick it on the inside too. Leon complied. Licking a woman's ass was something he was trained to do, but not something he enjoyed yet.

Dorothy noticed the sun was setting and also noticed that Mr. Pimp was still curled up on the ground holding his balls repeating "Fuck that fucking fucking fuck-head fuck-bitch fucking fucker fuck-face fucking fucker. I'm going to fucking fuck her fucking fuck holes with fucking fucked up fucking sandpapered fucking pour fucking concrete in her fucking fucking ass...." She dared not approach him and instead decided this would be a good place to sleep for the night. On the side of the road was a thicket, and there Dorothy found a nice spot to sleep, pressing the tall grass to make a three beds, Soso slept guarding Leon and the cart. 

It was the middle of the night and Dorothy couldn't sleep. Not because she was uncomfortable, but because the thoughts in her brain were conflicting. On the one hand she wanted her pony to be free, on the other she pimped her pony for a little bling bling. She wanted to go home, on the other hand she was much freer to do things in Aahs than back home. Dorothy also wondered from where this mean streak in her was coming. Tattooing "SHIT HERE" on a guy's face, having a guy's balls kicked off, ass fucking a guy for not wanting to fight. This was all new to her, new since she came to Aahs. Dorothy stood up and walked about, mulling over how her life was changing. 

While walking about, Dorothy found a patch of pretty flowers, flowers with an X pattern embossed in their blossom. Dorothy took a deep sniff of a flower. What a smell, sweeter and stronger than any other she could remember. The scent went directly into her brain. Even though the flower now lay on the ground, its smell, the feeling of its smell, was still increasing in her. She felt love, love for the grass beneath her, love for the wind on her skin, love for anything and everything she sensed. Dorothy felt love.

Dorothy got naked. She walked over to where Pony Girl was sleeping and tickled her under her chin. Pony Girl awoke instantly. She never slept deeply unless she was under hypnosis. Dorothy grabbed her pony by the collar and pulled her onto her feet. Dorothy walked her pony to the patch of flowers and held one under her nose. Pony Girl sniffed. The two felt love.

Dorothy approached her Gigi, stopping an inch from her face. Both were breathing heavily. Dorothy could feel her pony's breath on her face and neck, it felt like fire, but a good fire. She ran her hands down the sides of Gigi's body, feeling each rib, each muscle, each blemish, each bone on the way- ending with her hands cupping Gigi's butt, her tips of her fingers on the edge of Gigi's pussy. She could feel the tingle that Gigi was feeling, the tingle in her cheeks, the tingle in her breasts, the tingle in her stomach, and the tingle in her pussy. Dorothy knew this was the effect of the X flower. It was as though their nervous systems were connected, as though they had two brains but one body. Dorothy stared into her pony's eyes and realized for the first time that there was a soul behind those eyes. Dorothy spoke, "I am sorry for what I have done to you. I will never let anyone else use you. I am so sorry. Please forgive me." Dorothy leaned in and kissed Gigi. Her lips gently brushed Gigi's. Dorothy opened her mouth, and licked Gigi's lips. Gigi opened her lips and let the tongue enter her mouth, tickling her tongue. 

The two kissed and kissed and kissed. Gigi's brain was going to a place where she had never allowed it to go. Her training told her that this would only cause her pain, but Gigi was going anyways. Gigi felt her clit grow with blood, and felt Dorothy's hand rubbing her there. Gigi was fighting her training, trying to allow the feelings of love to dominate her instead. Slowly, but slowly, she was winning her fight. Dorothy was very patient, and could sense Gigi letting go of something. Gigi finally melted into Dorothy and the two fell to the ground, entwined in each other. Gigi was on the bottom, her arms still held prisoner to their bondage, but her legs free to mingle with her lovers. She rubbed Dorothy's clit and her long legs. Their kissing continued and grew more passionate. Gigi was almost free now, free to experience love as a woman. Free to forget her past and only think of the love in her future. 

Dorothy sat up and spread Gigi's legs gently and lovingly. She kissed her calves, her knees, her thighs, and finally kissed Gigi's pussy, licking Gigi's lower lips with her tongue. Gigi tasted like butter. Her pussy opened to accept her lover's tongue. The roughness of Dorothy's tongue felt so good, so so good on her pierced clit, much better than the tongue of any other woman or man, even better than the whip.

Neither Gigi nor Dorothy had ever experienced this before. Each, in their own way had sex before, Gigi with an uncountable number of men and women; Dorothy only with herself. But this was not sex, at least not sex alone. This was much deeper. Their world now was just one person, one love, and soon one orgasm. Dorothy turned her body around to allow Gigi to lick her pussy. Each lick from Dorothy traveled through Gigi's body, generating a responding lick in an endless circle of pure joy. They were interlocked, their movements resonated in each other. They were in perfect balance, physically, emotionally and sexually. They could feel the sex in each other building to orgasm, building taller and taller, but unable to overflow.

Dorothy had an idea. She needed some help. She stood up told Gigi to wait for her to return. She walked back to where Leon was sleeping. She wanted his cum. Leon was sleeping on his back and his dick was hard. Dorothy didn't realize that most men's dicks get hard as they sleep, as they dream. She figured that it would be easy to steal his cum while he slept. She pulled his leather shorts down and sucked his cock into her mouth, remembering all that Pimp had taught her. Leon was still sleeping, but he started to talk, "Dana...Pat...Chris...yes, yes." Dorothy was good, maybe not as good as her ponygirl, but considering this was her second blowjob ever, she was good. In just a few minutes Leon had cum in Dorothy's mouth without ever waking up. She stood up with a mouthful of cum and walked over to her ponygirl. There, she opened Gigi's mouth and let the cum ooze over her lips and drip onto Gigi's waiting tongue. She told her pony that she wanted to share the cum as a pact, a pact that they would forever be bound to each other. She told Gigi, "With this cum, we will reach orgasm together, and forever be one", and then she again spread Gigi's legs and pushed her cum covered tongue deep deep into Gigi's pussy. Gigi licked Dorothy's clit (since Dorothy's pussy still had its ruby invader) with the tip of her tongue, spreading the cum little by little over Dorothy's clit and pussy lips. It took a few minutes, but the two were in synchrony again, this time the sex building to overflow. The two reach orgasm at the same moment, and they spasmed together as their bodies released all of their sexual energy into the ether. They stopped. The feeling of love was there, and it would be there forever, but the feeling of sex had disappeared, replaced with a lingering touch.

Dorothy got up and lead Gigi to her bed. The two lay down, Dorothy on the bottom embracing Gigi, her head on Dorothy's breast. This is how they fell asleep.

As the sun rose, Pimp woke up and noticed Dorothy and Gigi were laying next to each other in their one sided embrace. He knew that they had made love, but he didn't get pissed off that he had missed anything because his balls still hurt a bit. 

"Wake up Dorothy." the pimp yelled. "What have you been up to?"

Dorothy opened her eyes. She was groggy, like she was hung over. "Nothing." she replied.

"Right." the pimp said kicking Leon awake.

"Well, if you must know, I found some very powerful flowers over there and, well, one thing led to another...."

"Flowers?" the pimp interrupted. "What flowers?"

"Over there, " Dorothy pointed.

Mr. Pimp walked over to the flower patch and looked at one. "Sheeeeiiiiiit. These are X flowers. Fuck. I gots to get these. Fuck. Fuck pimpin', I'm going to be a fuckin' XF dealer. Fuck."

"You a florist?", Dorothy replied. Maybe you and Leon can go in business together.

"Fuck you." the pimp said laughing under his breath.

"Get what you want and let's get going. I want to get to Rhinestone City so I can get home as soon as possible." Dorothy said. She then leaned over and kissed Gigi on the mouth. Gigi woke with a start. She had been deep asleep for the first time she could remember.

As the sun rose higher in the sky, Dorothy noticed that in the distance there was a glow. She ran up the hill to see. It was Rhinestone City. She ran back to the others and told them to hurry. She then hooked her ponygirl to the cart and told the Pimp that if wanted a ride he better get his ass on board. Pimp's pockets overflowed with X flowers. Dorothy then jerked the reins and for the first time whipped Pony Girl to make her go faster. Pony Girl quickly realized then that even though they had made love that night as equals, as one, Dorothy was still her master and she was still a slave. Pony Girl couldn't really think much more as she had to concentrate on carrying her load to their destination.












Jizzer's Palace

Dorothy recognized Rhinestone City, at least sort of. It looked a lot like the Las Vegas Strip. The city was lined with casinos, each one more glitzy, more tacky, more ostentatious than the next. The biggest, tackiest, ugliest casino of them all was&nbsp; "Jizzer's Palace". The grounds around the casino were the size of a small city in itself. There was one skyscraper, made in the shape of an octagon, with an eight sided pyramid on the top. In front of the casino was a large lake with eight bays.&nbsp; On the bank of each bay was a collection of shops and restaurants, eight per bay. The approach to the casino entrance was a long bridge over the lake, on either side of the bridge stood eight huge phalli shooting various colored water in short bursts over its visitors. The foursome entered the casino, leaving Pony Girl's cart in the pony parking lot, and walked one quarter mile to the casino's hotel desk. 

Dorothy spoke for the group, "We want to see the Jizzer."

"Sorry, nobody sees the Jizzer, not nobody, not no how....&nbsp; Unless you buy a ticket to his show that is," the desk clerk told them.

"OK." Dorothy responded.

"Sorry. We are sold out. Big electronics and porn conventions in town right now. No rooms. No seats. No nothing. But feel free to gamble."

"Listen asshole, this is Dorothy, the girl who single handedly slaughtered the Wicked Bitch of the East with her bare hands. If you don't get us some fuckin' tickets and a fuckin' room and some other nice shit, we're going to come over this counter and go full evil on your ass," the pimp said pushing into the clerk's face.

The clerk, who had heard this sort of thing a million times before, said "Let me get the manager," and left the four standing there, steaming. 

"Oh my," the manager said as he came from behind the curtain, "If it isn't Dorothy, the girl who saved Aahs from that Wicked Bitch of the East, and Cunt Runner, most famous of ponygirls.... and two other guys... What can I do for you today?"

"We want to see the Jizzer and we want a room." Dorothy said assertively.

"No problem. We have been expecting you. Excuse the desk clerk, we have gotten a lot of would-be Dorothy's in the last couple of days....&nbsp; By the way, can you prove that you are the real Dorothy?" the manager asked.

"Well I have the ruby dildo. Do you want to see it?"

"Please... Please, come behind this curtain here. I don't want to disturb the other guests." the manager said trying to protect Dorothy's modesty, and his own.

"OK." Dorothy went behind the curtain, pulled off her panties and spread her legs, showing a ruby dildo in her pussy.

"How do I know this is the real ruby dildo?" the manager asked.

"Touch it." Dorothy responded.

"Are you sure? OK," the manager said as he moved his hand to touch the dildo. BANG, he got a shock that sent him through the curtain and flying head first into the marble counter. BOOM. "OK, you are THE Dorothy. Clerk, Clerk, get these four and the dog there our best suite, suite '8J', and comp them four tickets to the 10pm show. OK. I'm going to get some aspirin or something," and he left.

When Dorothy opened the suite, she remarked that it was bigger than her house back in LA. It had eight big rooms, four bedrooms, a kitchen, a living room, a dining room, a game room. Each room had its own bathroom. It also had a built-in swimming pool with a hot tub, a sauna and a full bar.

Pimp turned to Dorothy, "Now this is a crib... A man of distinction, such as myself, could get used to this," he said as he claimed his bedroom by throwing his coat on a bed. "I'm going to get washed up. Let's order some room service, I'll have some bacon and some eggs and some waffles and chicken with gravy and some coffee and a 40. Don't disturb me, I gots to clean up and rest a bit for the ladies." Pimp slammed the door to his room.

Dorothy picked a bedroom for Gigi. Gigi had her own bedroom, with a real bed. That was a first. She lived most of her life in a stables, sleeping on straw or a carpet when she was lucky, otherwise on the dirt or worse, hard concrete. At first Gigi refused to sit on the bed. She would be punished for this. Laying on a bed was cause for a severe beating, unless she had been ordered to fuck or suck someone there. It took Dorothy a long time to convince Gigi to sit on the bed. She gave up a few times figuring that it was not worth forcing Gigi, but her heart drove her to push Gigi to act like a human, even as she was still naked and bound like an animal.

Dorothy claimed a bedroom and Leon was stuck with the remaining room. Dorothy ordered Leon to find a ponygirl blacksmith to remove Gigi's arm restraint. She then ordered room service for everyone and took a long awaited shower. While waiting for the blacksmith and the food, Dorothy picked up a pamphlet by the side of her bed. It told the history of Rhinestone City and the history of the Jizzer. He came from far away. He built the city from a small town at the crossing of three roads into what it was today. He was a singer, a dancer, an actor, an entertainer. He did it all. He gave generously to charities. He built hospitals and schools all over the land of Aahs. He was a real humanitarian. Dorothy thought to herself he was full of shit, he probably fucked little girls in the ass in his spare time.

The blacksmith came in short order. Gigi struggled with the blacksmith, not wanting her arms freed. What Dorothy did not know was that the only reason that her previous owner had ever removed the restraint was to rebind her arms giving better access to her body. Better access to beat her back relentlessly with a whip. Better access to the most extreme tattoos used to debase her. Even if she accepted that Dorothy would not beat her severely, she did not want to expose the sexual perversions in which she might be forced to engage. 

Eventually, the blacksmith was able to remove the key ring that held her arm restraint and slowly unlaced the leather. He didn't want to hurt the ponygirl. He did not know what to expect, in what condition her arms, wrists, and hands would be. Under the leather restraint was a cotton sleeve, over which a pair of wrist cuffs bound Gigi's wrists together. Another cuff bound each finger to its opposite. He&nbsp; removed the cuffs, then cut the cotton sleeve and finally, he found Gigi's skin. The skin was white and ashen. White as though it had never, or very rarely, seen the sun. The muscles in her forearm and her hand were weak. She couldn't move her fingers. The blacksmith knew that it would be years, if ever, before the ponygirl could recover the use of her arms and her hands. A tear ran down his cheek. He had never seen such extreme atrophy. Most pony owners would amputate their pony's arms before they became this weak.

Dorothy looked at Gigi's back and saw the tattooed images that she feared. One tattoo showed Gigi being used as a toilet, with a man shitting into her open mouth. Another showed Gigi being fisted, a man's arm embedded up his elbow in her ass. Another image showed Gigi with a harness on her mouth, hanging from a post, with an long line of men with hard dicks waiting to be sucked. The last image showed Gigi laying face down on a sawhorse, arms and feet bound to its supports, a real pony was mounting her. Dorothy comforted Gigi, repeating in her ear "I love you", "This means nothing now.", and "I understand" as she stroked her mane.

The ponygirl blacksmith turned to Dorothy and told her how it was. He gave Dorothy some options, she could check the pony into a clinic where they would try to restore the use of her arms and hands, she could amputate Gigi's arms, she could try some other type of restraint and see what happens. The smithy pulled a book out of his bag showing all sorts of ponygirl arm restraints: a few types of yokes, from comfortable to cruel, wrist cuffs binding to the waist, to the thighs, to each other behind the back. Some attached at just the wrist, some bound at the elbow and the forearm too. Finally he suggested that he could just return her to her current arm prison. Dorothy looked at Gigi and ask which she wanted. Gigi looked at the pictures and cried. They all look the same to her, all except the amputation. She did not want to be amputated, although that would probably be the kindest thing to do in the long term. Gigi walked over to the table where her prison was laying and picked it up in her teeth. She had chosen what she knew. The blacksmith explained to Dorothy and Leon how to best install this most severe of restraints, and soon Gigi looked as she had before the blacksmith arrived. The permanent ring was replaced, however, with a removable ring allowing Dorothy, or whomever, to more easily free Gigi's arms in the future.

Dorothy turned to the gimp, and in an angry tone told him, "Gimp, take good care of your master. Wash her. Groom her. Make her presentable for our audience with the Jizzer tonight." 

Leon bowed his head to the ground, first towards Dorothy, then Gigi, "Yes, mistress. Yes, mistress."

Dorothy added, "And clean yourself up too." She then left the two of them in Pony Girl's room and went into her own. She cried a bit, mainly as a relief from the stress that had built over the previous days. 

Leon stopped the blacksmith before he left the suite asking him to remove his mask. The blacksmith didn't really want to do it, it was not his job. But Leon insisted, pleading and pleading until the blacksmith relented and cut the main chain holding the mask on Leon's face. He left before Leon removed the mask. Leon was actually scared to remove his mask. What was under there? He knew that he had a long beard by now, but what else might be growing in there. Leon was in a tizzy. He kept the mask on, hoping to get the courage to remove the mask after everyone had left. 

Dorothy still did not trust Leon. She was afraid he might sneak out of the suite and run away, maybe even taking Gigi with him. She went into her bag of tricks and found the solution, a electronic dog collar, the kind that shocks you when you get too far from the control unit. She told Leon to kneel and bow his head. She quickly installed the collar around his neck, removing the leather collar already there. This new collar had a thick metal cable that encircled the neck, and locked with a combination on the back. "Click" Leon heard before he realized that living with this new collar was the same as living in a box. He was a real gimp.

Dorothy set the control for 30 feet and put the transmitter unit in her bedroom, locking the door. Leon could move anywhere he wanted within that 30 feet. Leon moved towards the pool, ZZZZZZZZZap. He was on the floor. 

"No swimming for you while I'm gone I guess." Dorothy said with an evil glint in her eyes. "Now stop fucking around and do your job." Dorothy knew it would be difficult for Leon to do his job given that he could only walk as far as the front door to their suite, and could reach only to the corner of Gigi's bed, but he seemed to be very resourceful. 

After Dorothy and her gang scarfed down their food, they all went their separate ways. Pimp put his threads back on and hauled down to the casino. He was on a pussy hunt. The clerk had mentioned there was a porn convention in town. He figured with all the X flowers he had, he could snag a lot of pussy before 10pm. He left all but one of the flowers in the room. "Later. Don't come knocking if I'm fuckin' bitches in my room. OK!" he said as he left the suite. He had a plan.

Dorothy decided that she needed some nicer clothes. She left the suite and went shopping in the stores along the banks of the lake. There were all sorts of clothing, funky young stuff, classic stuff, high fashion, Ho fashion, no fashion. She noticed the various Jizzer branding: there was Jizzer (classic, high end), Jizz (everyday brand) and finally J (young and sexy). She turned the corner and saw the dress, THE dress. It was black, well see-through black. Under the dress was what looked like the softest thong panties ever made. On the top was very small black bra with square cups. The dress was not tight on the skin, but still showed the distinctive feminine shape V over Y shape in the front and heart shape in the back. Dorothy entered the store, "Haute Couture Jizzere", and asked the salesman if she could try it on. 

"Listen honey, unless you have the money, don't bother." he said in an obviously effete tone.

"If Pimp were here this guy would be sucking the barrel of his gun right now," Dorothy thought to herself. She asked the salesman if she could charge it to her room. He said no. She pleaded with him to let her at least try it on, that she could get the money if she could just try it on. The salesman relented.

Dorothy looked at herself in the mirror. She knew this dress was for her. She had to have it. It fit perfectly. It felt good against her skin, tickling her a bit every time she moved. That turned her on. She needed this dress. She turned to the salesman and asked "How much?"

The salesman told her the price. She really didn't know what it meant because Aahs had a completely foreign monetary system. The salesman liked what he saw too, but alas he was gay, and when Dorothy offered the use of her body in exchange for the dress he declined. He told Dorothy that if she really wanted the dress maybe she could go down to Wild J's strip club and earn the money.

She was excited. She could strip for a few hours, maybe, and get the dress. That sounded good to her. She was game. Dorothy took of the dress and told the salesman, "I'll be back in a few hours for the dress. OK. Don't you dare sell it or my friend Pimp will come down here and blow off your balls." 

"Oooh, sounds good to me," the salesman said sarcastically.

"With his 45 caliber." Dorothy added.

"Oh. OK. No problem. The dress will be right here. I'll wrap it. We close at 8pm sharp."

"Thanks" Dorothy said and ran out of the store getting directions from the salesman. The club was just across the street behind the casino, but it took Dorothy 20 minutes just to walk to the street- the casino was big.

Dorothy entered the club with attitude. The club was closed to most customers, but the bar was open and the club manager was checking out new talent. "Perfect" Dorothy thought to herself. She reached back in her mind to, to a few days ago when she was this innocent girl from LA that did an equally innocent strip tease. Dorothy went over her best routine in her head. It wasn't that good. She remembered Gecko Girl, her moves. She was good. Everyone wanted to fuck her. Dorothy knew she had the body, but the moves?

"Hi." Dorothy said as she entered the club. "My name is, is, ... Crystal"

"Well Crystal, show us your stuff."

Dorothy got on stage and started to strut like Demi Moore. 

"Wait, first strip. We need to see the goods."

Strip again, Dorothy was waiting for the first person who didn't ask her to strip.

"OK, now strut your stuff," the manager continued.

After she stripped she put her panties back on, got back and stage and continued. She undulated her body, from her knees to her head, she swung around the pole slowly, then faster, she got down on her knees and squeezed her tits together; it wasn't very hot.

"Crystal, you got a killer bod, but you got to be sexier than that. You're new, right. Well think about the last time you fucked a guy, how did you feel. Act it out."

Dorothy was in a quandary, she had never fucked a guy before, but she had made love to Gigi. She remember back to how she felt when Gigi moved her leg against Dorothy's thighs, rubbing her clit. She imagined now that the pole was Gigi. Dorothy had the idea. Dorothy tried again, this time seducing the pole. 

"Better" the manager encouraged.

Dorothy then stole Gecko Girls routine, she put her legs around the manager's head, and pulled him tight. She pet herself through her panties, moving her hips up and down. The manager could see her panties getting wet. She then ripped her panties off, the only panties she owned. The manager looked and noticed the ruby dildo in her pussy. He came in his pants, figuratively. He knew the person in front of him wasn't Crystal, it was Dorothy, and she could be spreading her legs in his club.

"You're hired." he shouted.

"Excellent." Dorothy replied, smiling. "I want to work today, as soon as possible." Dorothy told the manager how much money she needed to make before 8pm, when the store closed. 

"Well, we have a stage fee, lap dance fee, pantie fee, backstage space rental fee,&nbsp; stripper license fee and Aahs state and federal taxes etc. etc., I'm not sure even a girl of your 'talent' will be able to make enough." the manager continued, "Now, we are not allowed to engage in sex here, BUT, if, let's say, you trip and fall and a guy's dick ends up in your mouth, well what can we do?"

Dorothy understood. She hoped it wouldn't come to that, but she was prepared. She wanted that dress. If Gigi could fuck for a ruby, certainly Dorothy could suck for that dress. Big deal. Dorothy, like all 18 year olds, could justify anything for something she really liked.

As Dorothy was getting off the stage the manager piped up again. "Dear, you must shave that pussy of yours. No hair below the neck allowed. Club policy. You might consider a clit ring too, guys like that. Makes it easier to find your clit."

While Dorothy was preparing for her debut, Leon was in the suite, his box of luxury. He had given up trying to escape, preferring to lay on his bed and eat, and eat, and eat his favorite foods from room service. He turned on the television and watched his stories, stories he used to watch before his stint as glory hole cum sucker. It didn't take long to get caught up. After a couple of hours he realized that Dorothy would be back and he better get his ass in gear, or she would whip it for sure. 

Leon had decided to remove all the hair on his body, to shave his legs, his chest, his armpits, his balls, his ass, his face, and his head. He checked Gigi to see if she needed a shave too, to see if her pussy hair had any stubble. It did not. He figured that such a high value Pony Girl probably had some special treatments to eliminate her unwanted hair permanently. It was a laser treatment. Very painful. It took many hours over many months to eliminate all that hair. It was a distant memory in Pony Girl's mind, one of the least offensive of her torments. Leon called down to the lobby and ordered a dozen razors and a couple of cans of shaving cream. That would be enough, he hoped.

Shaving his legs and his chest was easy. Shaving his balls was tougher. Shaving has ass, that was difficult. It didn't occur to him to hire someone who knew what they were doing to do that. He didn't have to shave his back, he didn't have any hair there. Finally he got to his head, to his face. He had to gather the courage to remove that mask. His was scared, but for the first time in his life he got up the courage to face his fears. He removed the mask while looking in the mirror. He saw lots of sticky gooey matted hair, and a big pimply nose. Shaving was out of the question, he needed scissors. He found some in a mending kit and slowly and&nbsp; carefully he cut the matted cushion of hair off his face and then off his head. It took him over an hour. He finished by shaving the remainder of the hair with his last two razors. He was clean. His face looked OK. There were fewer pimples and potholes than he had thought. He felt good. He took a long bath to relax. Maybe this would be the start of a new life for him. He then remembered the shock collar around his neck. He was still a gimp.

While Leon was overcoming his fears, Pimp was executing his plan: porn chicks, lots and lots of porn chicks. The mathematical possibilities boggled his mind, but then he was never good in math. Pimp started at the casino. He saw his first pornho there, a big busty blonde dressed, well barely dressed, showing cleavage down to her belly button, standard uniform. Pimp figured he could get to the rest through her. His plan could be summed up in one word: X-flower. He approached the blonde and started his usual shtick, complementing her, making her feel good about herself, asking her question about herself, etc. She figured, as all women do, that he was a would be pimp, that is, a loser. She wasn't interested but played along as she played the slots. He kept making sniffing noises. The pornho thought that he was just being rude, but then he flashed the distinctive X-flower under his cape, and she thought he might be for real. 

"Can I get a sniff," she asked. 

"Sure baby, I gots plenty, Pimp gots plenty of lovin' fo' everyone." he said, the words sliding out his mouth like he meant it.

The pornho put her head under his cape and took a big whiff. Pimp grabbed her head and looked into her eyes. She felt the lovin'.

Pimp invited her up to his suite. She was still skeptical, but when she got there her attitude changed completely. "X-flowers and a suite with its own swimming pool, maybe he was the real thing," she thought. Then, after she entered the suite, she saw Cunt Runner. This guy was connected. She was feeling it big time. 

Pimp said to the 48DD's he was staring at, "Go down and pick your favorite friend and invite her up. We got to spread the lovin' baby."

Over the next few hours more pornhos cycled through that suite than even the casino's video system could keep track of. There were blonde ones, red-heads, brunettes, ones with big tits, with huge tits, with ginormous tits, and even one with normal sized tits. Everyone wanted to see Cunt Runner, but she didn't like hearing that name and started getting angry. Pimp had to lock her in her room at one point, and that made her happy. She just waited, laying on the carpet, for Dorothy to return. Leon too waited in his room, not wanted any of that pornho action. 

After a few hours of partying with all the starlets, Pimp decided to pick a couple and kick everyone else out. He didn't want to piss Dorothy off too much if she returned. He knew how he got there. 

Dorothy started working as soon as Wild J's opened. Her first routine, with newly shaved pussy, was a hit. It was a start, one stage dance and a couple of lap dances was a start. The club was not so full that night. With the electronics geeks in town, sex stuff wasn't really happening, the video game parlors were full though. The porn stars didn't help either, they all went to other clubs, some in town, most just outside town where sex with dancers was not only expected, but almost required. 

By a bit past 7:00 the manager told Dorothy that there was no way that she would be able to make the money she wanted. In fact even a blowjob wouldn't be enough, but an ass fuck, that might get her there. An ass fuck! That was the price for that dress. Was it worth it? Dorothy had to think. Actually, she knew the answer, it was, she just needed to figure out how to justify it in her mind.

Dorothy told the manager that she was game. 

"There is guy in back, room eight, he'll do you. He already paid. Nice guy. Maybe you can get a good tip." the manager explained. 

Dorothy opened the door to room eight and talked to the man seated on the plush chair in the middle of the room. "Hi stranger, I hear you want of piece of this. Dorothy said as she spun her ass in a circle, bumping a bit."&nbsp; The man was silent. She couldn't really see his face. It wasn't covered, but somehow, the lighting, the angle, she couldn't really see him. She didn't really want to see him, not because she didn't want to know if one day she ran into him on the street, or in the casino, that this was the guy to take her anal virginity, but because she wanted to dominate him, even if his dick would soon penetrate her ass. 

She swung her ass in his face and he moved his hand to touch it. She slapped his hand away from her ass. She shook her finger, "No touchy, yet." She spun around a few more times and then fell intentionally into the guy's lap. She could tell his dick was getting hard. She pulled his dick out of his pants, but left his pants on. She massaged around his dick, and then bit the head, not a deep bite, but a friendly bite, just enough to tell him that she was in charge. She never looked in his eyes, never wanting to give him the upper hand.

Dorothy used her oral talents well, his 8 inch cock was quickly hard and he even moaned a bit. He started to stand, trying to position himself so he could fuck her ass from on top. Dorothy had another idea. She wanted to be on top. She wanted to dominate. Dorothy pushed the man back on the chair and swung around putting her ass directly in the man's face. "Just sit there baby, let me do all the work." Dorothy said. She first pulled the man's pants down to his ankles, making it more difficult for him to stand up again. She found the lube that management had told her was hidden under the chair and squirted around and in her ass, then on his cock, rubbing gently, and then put a big blob on the tip of his cock. She hoped that would be enough lube. She climbed onto the chair and positioned herself like she was going to take a dump on his dick, and then she gently lowered herself onto his twitching penis. The man helped and soon Dorothy knew what Gimp had felt the day before, except she was in control. She moved up and down with her legs. Up and down, while she said some classy stuff like, "Oh baby, you got such a big dick. It feels so good up my ass. You know how to use it, baby." Stuff like that. The man didn't say a word.

Dorothy was getting into her ass fucking. The dildo would pulse occasionally, enough to get her going, not enough to get her off. Dorothy needed more stimulation. She asked the guy to pinch her nipples. He grabbed her both her nipples and twisted, twisted really really hard. Dorothy liked it, it was stimulating. "Baby, that felt good." Dorothy said. The man thought she was kidding, so he did it again, even stronger, to call her bluff. She liked it even more. This was getting her hot, and her fucking got more creative, her hips now rotated as her ass moved up and down. She squeezed her anal sphincter occasionally too. The guy couldn't believe it, he tried as hard as he could not to cum.

Dorothy needed more. She asked the guy to pinch her clit, but "don't you touch my pussy, baby, if you know what's good for you," she added. The guy groped to find Dorothy's clit, it wasn't big like Pony Girl's, it was small, smaller than most- it was hard to find. The man finally found Dorothy's clit and pinched it, pulsing it between the meaty parts of his thumb and his forefinger. "That's working," Dorothy thought to herself. 

Juice was leaking out of Dorothy's pussy, so much it ran down her ass and onto the man's cock. Dorothy thought the dildo might plop right out of her, she was so wet, but it didn't. Dorothy craved more stimulation, but that was physically impossible in her current position, without asking someone to come in and whip her tits or something like that. She didn't want to switch positions. Then she got an idea, instead of physical simulation, Dorothy looked inside her head. Dorothy thought of when she was fucking the gimp. That didn't work. She thought about her session with Pony Girl. Still nothing. Then she thought about "John", about what they did to him. Something was starting to happen, but it was weird. The image of his ball flying off was making her a bit hot, but then she imagined that she found it on the ground and she picked it up, and ate it. Wow, that was working. Each bite, each chew was getting her hotter. Dorothy imagined a bite that squirted sticky salty sperm onto her tongue. Her legs started to shake uncontrollable and she came. Her whole body followed suit. Her ass was spasming. The man held her at her waist fearing that she might fall and break his dick. Her spasms subsided slowly.

After Dorothy's thoughts returned to her real situation, the dick still in her ass, she didn't want the man to cum in her ass. "It might dribble out and ruin my new dress," she thought to herself. She actually thought that. Dorothy stopped the ass fuck, lifting her body an inch or two above the man's dick. "I want you to come in my mouth, baby." she cooed, half expecting him to shoot right there on the outside of her ass. He didn't. He did make a spinning motion with his hand, indicating that Dorothy should spin around and suck his dick. She did. She hesitated for a second to stick that ass smelling dick back in her mouth, but she attacked the cock with gusto trying to nullify her hesitation. She remembered back to her training and sucked his cock all the way down her throat while massaging the man's balls and base. It took only a minute before he came in her mouth. He made a groaning sound as the cum left the tip of penis and shot, squirt after squirt, down her throat. She swallowed and swallowed more cum than she had ever seen coming out of a single cock, and she had seen a lot of cum in the past few days.

Dorothy stayed in that position for only a short time. Time was running out and she needed that dress. She got up and offered to pull up his pants. He just motioned for her to leave, and she did. He never spoke. Dorothy talked to the manager, asking him for her money. He gave her what he owed her, and handed her a tip that Mr. Silent had left. "I think you got what you came for," the manager said chuckling under his breath, as Dorothy pulled on her top. Dorothy left happy.

On her way back to the store, Dorothy thought about herself, her thoughts and her actions. She had changed since coming to Aahs. She had made love to a woman, her slave. If that wasn't enough, she had another slave, a man, whom she enjoyed torturing. She could cum by thinking about eating a freshly severed testicle. Where were these thoughts coming from? Were they deep inside her and Aahs was letting them&nbsp; out? 

In the corner of the store now stood a security guard, he was big, bigger than Pimp, and he had a gun, also bigger than Pimp's. Dorothy entered the Jizzere looking for the salesman and her dress. She spotted some shoes instead. Shoes, Shoes, SHOES. She needed black shoes to go with that black dress. How could she screw that up. Dorothy knew she didn't have enough money, and she also knew she couldn't intimidate this guy now, with the guard right there, and she couldn't sway him with her 'charms' either. All that was left was begging.

"Can I add those shoes over there to my dress?" Dorothy said meekly.

"Sure, you got the money?"

"Here." Dorothy said, tightening her body hoping salesman would miscount or something."

"Sorry, you are short. Not very short, but short."

"Can't you give me a break. Fuck."

"I'm sorry, but it is against store policy to give 18 year olds a break unless their daddies have lots of money." the salesman laughed.

"I need that dress and those shoes." Dorothy bitched.

"Sorry, you are going to have to give up something, dear. Either the shoes, the panties, or the bra. Those are all sold separately anyways."

"Wow, maybe I don't need the bra. That would look hot. Yeah. I'll take it without the bra. Yeah."

It was settled. Dorothy was happy, maybe even happier than if she had gotten the bra. Nudity didn't seem to be an issue in Aahs, and showing her young pert tits would give her an advantage anywhere. Dorothy took the dress, and her change, and with her vibrator buzzing away in her pussy, skipped back to her Suite singing:

"I'm off to see the Jizzer, the wonderful Jizzer of Aahs. He really is a Jizz of a Jizz, if ever a Jizz there was...."

When she arrived back at the suite, Dorothy looked at the clock. It was 8:45 and she had less than an hour to get ready for the Jizzer's show. That was pushing it. She needed to take a bath, dress, groom Pony Girl, alert Pimp, and yell at Gimp a few times. She started with Gimp. 

Dorothy opened the gimp's door ready to kick his ass. For what? she didn't know yet. As she entered she figured out a couple of things right away. Gimp was slowly jerking his wad, watching "Oz" on HBO.

"Stop that shit." Dorothy yelled at Gimp. "Get the fuck up and do something useful," she continued. Dorothy then noticed that he wasn't wearing his mask, that he was shaved, and that she could see his face. Dorothy walked over to the gimp and crushed his balls with all her might. "You will always wear that mask in my presence." she told him as he squirmed on the bed. "I don't want to see your fucking face." Dorothy spit on his face. She threatened to take a dump on his head and then put the mask back on, but she didn't want to take the smell with them. The threat was enough for the gimp to move like a bullet, limping a little though because his balls were really really sore. Dorothy then told him to get dressed. "Just the leather pants, no vest for you tonight," Dorothy told him. He put on his shorts and she locked his arms behind his back. She was strongly considering leaving the shorts off altogether.

"Stay, gimp." she commanded. "Maybe tomorrow we'll get you a spiked cock cage to control that dick of yours." she said as she left his room. Something about him brought it out of her. He was a real gimp.

Pimp was next. Dorothy entered his room and found him in bed with his two best sluts. One was sucking his dick, the other was licking his asshole. They were actually quite attractive. "Hey baby, long time no see. Check out the action." Pimp was in heaven. 

Dorothy smiled at Pimp and told him to get ready, it was about time to go to the Jizzer's show. Pimp told his girls, "Hurry it up bitches, it's show time," as he came in the one's mouth. The two girls swapped his cum back and forth, as though it was the elixir of the Gods, while Pimp got up to take a shower. The girls later joined him, being careful not to get their hair wet. 

Dressing Gigi was easy, it only required her hair to be brushed, and it looked like Gimp had already done that, for the most part. Gigi was already clean and smelled nice. Dorothy would touch her up before they left.

Dorothy then took a bath to celebrate her triumph, her first couture. She had gained a lot of confidence, she set her sights on something, she achieved it, and she returned victorious, all by herself. She felt invincible, except for some slight irritation in her ass. 

After her bath, Dorothy put on her dress and shoes. She looked fabulous, she was glad she didn't have the bra. She looked like a model on the runway in Paris, very chic. Her butt had grown firmer since she arrived in Aahs and when she turned around she saw her ass through the veil of her dress. Fabulous. The lines of her thong made her ass stick out even more visually. Dorothy walked into Gigi's room and asked how she looked. Gigi whinnied her approval and jumped up with a big smile on her face. 

The six lined up at the door ready to leave. Pimp had his two fave pornhos, one on each arm. He snagged a couple of more tickets by sending two pornhos and an X-flower to the hotel manager. The manager sent a case of Cristal too. 

Dorothy noticed some last minute adjustments were necessary. She pulled a pony tail plug from her bag, lubed it up, and pushed it into Gigi's butt. Gigi was a proud pony now, and high stepped around to show it. Dorothy also put a lead on her pony, just to add to the show. For Leon, Dorothy had a similar present. She took a huge Christmas-tree-shaped butt plug from her bag and showed it to Leon. He cringed. She told him to get it plenty wet because she wasn't going to use lube for him. He slobbered on the tree-shaped plug as long as Dorothy would allow. She pushed it into his ass. Before pulling his shorts back up, she attached a short hobble chain to his ankle cuffs. "OK, time to go." Dorothy showed Gimp the manual remote to his collar. "Don't get too far behind, gimp, or you will regret it."&nbsp; 

The six of them were a real show. As they exited the elevator and walked across the casino everyone was looking. Everyone. At one point Dorothy grabbed Gimp by the dick to check his status. He was hard from the butt plug rubbing his prostate. She didn't like that. She whispered in his ear, "Get your cock down, slave, or I'll jerk you off and make you eat it right here." That didn't work, his cock was still hard. He started to worry.

By the time they arrived at the theater for the show, a crowd had gathered to see the spectacle. Even the porn people gawked at the sextet. They posed for pictures. Some people recognized the pornhos, some Cunt Runner. One person even recognized Pimp. Nobody recognized Dorothy, especially in that dress. They thought she was THE new supermodel or something. Dorothy grabbed her pony's crotch, it was wet. Everyone was happy, even Gimp. He was only happy that nobody could recognize him behind his mask. 

An usher came up to Dorothy and asked to escort her party to their seats. She wanted to stay a bit longer and play to the crowd. She told the usher that she wanted to see the Jizzer after the show, to go backstage. She also asked for popcorn, with lots of butter. He answered, "Yes ma'am." and left. When the final call came, the usher escorted them to their seats, the best seats in the house. The usher handed Dorothy a note. The lights went down before she could read it.

Dorothy let Gimp and Gigi sit in their seats for the show, more because she didn't want to disturb the other patrons than because she wanted them to be comfortable. In fact, one wouldn't describe sitting on a butt plug for two hours as comfortable. 

The show started with songs that Dorothy remembered from back home. They were old old songs, songs her parents and grandparents listened to. It seems that everyone thought that the Jizzer wrote these. What a fraud. He was singing Elvis, Judy Garland, Frank Sinata, the Beatles, Rolling Stones, and even a Credence Clearwater tune. She realized now that the Jizzer was from her world, not from the Land of Aahs. That gave her both hope and fear that she would be able to get home. Hope because she was not alone, fear because the Jizzer was still in Aahs, and obviously hadn't returned home to get newer songs. He was entertaining though. 

During the performance Dorothy carried out her threat and jerked Gimp off. She had taken a box of popcorn and pushed his cock through the bottom. The butter acted as a good lube and soon he blew his load all over the popcorn. Dorothy fed him the cum covered treats, one at a time. He gagged a bit on each one. She liked to torture Gimp, he was such a gimp. Dorothy paused occasionally to massage Gigi's clit. She dipped her finger into Gigi's pussy every once in a while too, just to get a taste. Gigi always tasted good.

After the show, Dorothy opened the note the usher had handed her and read it:

"The Jizzer of Aahs cannot see you tonight. His people will call your people."

"Bullshit," Dorothy yelled, "I'm not taking this shit." Dorothy told her gang to follow her to the back of the stage. The stage manager was there and stopped them. Pimp spoke up,

"You want me to beat this cane upside your fuckin' skull, asshole." he said raising his cane. 

The stage manager let them pass.

They walked quickly down the hallway and found the Jizzer's door. BANG BANG BANG, Pimp hit the door with his cane. A pipsqueak assistant to the Jizzer opened the door. "Yes, may I help you." he asked.

"We are here to see the Jizzer." Dorothy said.

"The Jizzer is has left the building. You Dorothy?"

"Yes."

"He left this note for you. Bye Bye" he said as he slammed the door.

Dorothy opened this second note, it read:

"Bring me the little black book of the Wicked Bitch of the West and I will tell you what you want to know. - J"

Turns out the wicked Bitch was a madam and owned the local whorehouse called the W.B. Ranch. The ranch was on the outskirts of town. Dorothy wondered how she could possibly take the Wicked Bitch's book. "What do you think, Pimp, how can I get her little black book."

"Fuck, black book, why do them bitches have to have a 'black' book. Why not a fuckin' 'white' book, or a Mexican book. Fuck."

"Let's get on our thinking caps here, any suggestions?" Dorothy reiterated.

One of the pornho's offered some information, "The Wicked Bitch of the West is scheduled to appear at our convention. Her studio 'Wicked Bitch' is introducing a new label of gonzo titles, 'Surrender', like Surrender Jenna and Surrender Kylie. They start with an innocent girl and show her getting into the sex business and then becoming a whore and finally auctioned, either sold as a sex slave or worse. Maybe you can snatch her after her appearance."

"Thanks for the info. Let's go up to the suite and figure out what to do." Dorothy said.

The gang was on their way up the their suite when a flock of Flying Flunkies attacked them. Pimp tried to put up a fight but was again tazered in the balls. Gigi tried to put a fight too, but there were too many of them. Dorothy, Pony Girl, Gimp and Soso were all kidnapped and flown to the bitch's ranch. Pimp was left behind with the two pornhos. The Wicked Bitch didn't want a pimp.












The Wicked Bitch of the West

When Dorothy regained consciousness she was strapped to a chair in the Wicked Bitch's room. Her dress was in tatters. She was scared. Nobody could defend her now, it was just Dorothy versus the Wicked Bitch of the West. Dorothy felt that some time had passed from her capture, but she wasn't sure exactly how much time. In fact, the bitch drugged Dorothy and knocked her out for about an hour, trying, during that interval, to remove the dildo without any luck.

The Wicked Bitch was in her late thirties. She was not unattractive. There was no Mr. Bitch, although many had tried. She was the heiress of the Wicked fortune, her parents having left three children: the Wicked Bitch of the West, the Wicked Bitch of the East (now deceased), and Steve, who headed the porn operations. They were all quite sleazy, but W.B. West was the sleaziest. At one time she had convinced an entire girl's school to whore themselves for a new bus. She fulfilled her obligations by sending the the school's student council to her sister's ponygirl farm for conversion and training. The next year, they pulled, as a team of ponygirls, the bus carrying their ex-classmates to and from school. W.B. was a real bitch, you didn't want to cross her.

"Hello my pretty." W.B. screeched at Dorothy, "Welcome to my house of horrors." The bitch's room was completely high-tech. There were three walls of TV monitors showing cameras all over the ranch. The bitch explained what Dorothy was seeing. The wall on Dorothy's right showed inside the room of each whore in her stable. They all looked the same except for the persons and the sex act being performed. There was fucking and sucking, some dancing, some jerking off, mostly twosomes, but some threesomes and even an orgy with a few girls and a few guys. "These are the vanilla rooms." the bitch explained, "where my girls start." One monitor showed a man in a gimp outfit eating out one of the whores. "You recognize him, don't you," the bitch squeaked, "that is the gimp you brought me. You did a good job on him, see, that dildo is still in his ass. He's a cleanup gimp now. He sucks the cum out of all of the girl's pussy's and asses. Cheaper and faster than taking a shower. I'm thinking of cutting off his balls, I don't think he needs them anymore. Maybe you want to eat one of them. Ha ha ha ha." Dorothy looked confused, how did she know? or did she?

The second wall showed the common areas of the ranch including the entrance, the parlor room, hallways, and a dungeon. The hallway was a strange sight. The whores there stood still, each as still as a statue, while customers walked up and down the hall. It was known all over Aahs as the "Museum of Living Statues." W.B. was explaining that the men were choosing their fuck-mates for pay. The new girls and the girls that showed discipline problems were hypnotized, standing perfectly still. The girls that had resigned themselves to their life as sex slave whores were allowed to stand alert but still.&nbsp; 

When Dorothy looked at the parlor room, she noticed a girl that looked like Gigi. In fact, it was Gigi. Her cunt was impaled on a dildo mounted into the floor, her waist and labia chained to keep there.

"You recognize your other friend, Cunt Runner? Now she is a greeter here at my ranch." the bitch said laughingly. "Instead of shaking my guests' hands, she fluffs their dicks, just enough to move their blood down to their lower head. I plan to advertise her appearance here. Can you imagine how many guys would like a free suck from my little Cunt Runner?"

The dungeon was a common area that catered to exhibitionism and sadism. It looked like the filming of a Fellini movie. All sorts of strange fetishes were represented. Real torture was not allowed in the dungeon, it was play, sometimes a bit rough, but play. Real torture was only allowed in private rooms. There was, however, plenty of fucking and sucking and cumming in the dungeon, even some pissing. There was a row of stocks for punishment, where girls would be locked and forced to eat some ass or suck some cock. The punishment was real enough, but not torture. It was a first step used to control the girls' behavior. Here was only the punishment for small infractions; gross infractions sent a girl to one of the "extreme" rooms where a more serious and even permanent punishment was meted out.

The third wall contained images of these "extreme" rooms. Dorothy didn't want to look, but she couldn't help it. Most of the whores were being whipped, bound in what looked like very uncomfortable positions. Their tormentors all wore masks, shielding their identities. Their favorite targets seemed to be the breasts and the pussy. One victim was being whipped on her face, one was being caned on her feet. The girls, at least the ones that were not gagged, all seemed to be screaming, but there was no audio to confirm this.

The most painful looking torture showed a young girl who was standing, legs spread and locked to the ground, the tip of a triangle shaped piece of metal with very sharp spikes assaulting her clit, cunt and asshole. Her arms were attached together to a chain coming from the ceiling. Her breasts, neck, and back were being whipped furiously by a couple of naked men. The men traded hits as fast as they could set their aim. Their dicks bounced with each blow. The girl was sweating profusely, and blood could be seen flying and dripping from her body. Dorothy didn't know if she could possibly survive, but it was clear the men didn't care. This girl was not gagged, but Dorothy imagined that her voice was probably hoarse given the amount of blood that covered her torso. Dorothy could see a drain in the floor that trickled with spent blood.

Another display that struck a raw nerve in Dorothy was a whore who was being pierced. She already had not just a simple piercing or two, but it looked like every part of her body was pierced with some rod or pin or hook or ring. She looked like a pin cushion. There were piercings on her toes and her feet, between her toes, a row of piercings up the back of her calves, her inner thighs were covered, her pussy and then up her back and her front, her breasts, her arms, her hands, her neck had them all around 5 layers high, and there they stopped. Piercings also ran down her arms and her hands to the tips of her fingers. The piercings near her pussy looked like pubic hair, but were actually wires looped though the skin and soldered back on themselves. The only places that were not pierced were her head, her nipples, and her clit (although this was impossible to tell on the monitor). Dorothy couldn't imagine how difficult it would be for her to sit or lay down or even walk, let alone fuck. Dorothy asked the bitch what was going on with her. 

"Oh, you like that one. She is being punished for refusing to have her clit and nipples pierced," the bitch explained. "We let each customer add one more piercing before they fuck her. She has about a two thousand piercings so far. Every day she begs to have her clit and her nipples pierced now, but that will never happen."

The bitch then explained the last couple of monitors on the wall: the loading docks. There were three boxes ready for shipment, a fourth was being packed. The cargo was, of course, used whores. The bitch would hypnotize each girl before she went into the packing crate, that eliminated a lot of damage on the way. A breathing apparatus was used to prevent suffocation. The girl's bodies were covered in a thin layer of grease for insulation and protection and then strapped into place to reduce movement during shipping. The final step, which was found to reduce spoilage almost completely, was to fill the crate with an expanding foam gel. Packed in this way, the girl couldn't move regardless of the shock to the crate. Dorothy noticed the last crate being hammered shut.

Dorothy studied all of the images. She could see her fate before her eyes and she was scared. Tears were starting to form over her eyes. She knew that only one of the two them, either she or the Wicked Bitch, would be leaving the ranch voluntarily. The other, she assumed it was she, would be carried out either in cuffs, a crate or a coffin. Dorothy remembered back to her mother and her step-father. She missed them most now. Dorothy's head hung down, her dildo was silent.

The Wicked Bitch turned to Dorothy and told her, "I want that ruby dildo. It belongs to ME." 

Dorothy looked down at her crotch and shouted in a hysterical tone, "I don't know how to take out this fucking thing. You can have it. I HATE IT. Why do you want this piece of shit ruby dildo anyways? It doesn't make a good vibrator and since you can't take it out, you'll never be able to fuck again."

"Well, my precious, this dildo is enchanted. It has powers you cannot imagine, powers that might control you if you don't know how to control them. You have experienced some of its powers. Look how you controlled your gimp. The dildo gave you that power. You killed my older sister before she could tell me all of its powers. It is MINE. Someday I will learn to control it," the bitch explained. 

Dorothy figured she was just going to tell her to fuck off, but W.B. was very chatty. Dorothy saw a small weakness in that. "I'm sorry about your sister. It was an accident. I don't even know if I did it. I was just there," she said apologetically, sobbing. "Wow, you really built something here, too bad your business is smaller than the Jizzer's empire. He seems a bit more successful," Dorothy sniffled. She figured this would get the bitch going.

"Fuck that Jizzer. Our family had a deal, and he screwed us. Before he came to Aahs my family controlled all the vices. He came from some place called Hollywood, wherever that is. He was on his way to another place, called Rehab, when he "dozed off" and ended up here in Aahs. We met him when he was a lounge singer in a small whorehouse here in Rhinestone City. He said he needed some money to build a casino. Nobody had ever heard of a casino. Well, we gave him some money, loaned it to him actually, at a very reasonable 100% annual interest. He agreed to stay out of the whoring business and we would stay out of his business. Fuck if he didn't build that god damn casino for gambling. We didn't know about this gambling shit. He paid us back a month after he opened. This ranch used to be in the center of town, now his fucking casino is the center of town and I'm here, no fucking where. Gambling has become the "good" vice and fucking the "bad" vice. Fuck him. I hope he chokes on his own jizz."

Dorothy added her own two cents, "Yeah, he is a fraud too. You know those songs he sings and claims to have written? He didn't. He stole them from Elvis and Frank Sinatra."

"Who?"

"They were people from... from... from...?"

"I knew he was a fraud. I hate that fucking asshole. Someday, I'm going to fuck him up good with my little book," the bitch said as she took her little black book from a secret compartment in her bra. She shook the book in Dorothy's face, then put it back. "Payoffs to the Lollipop Guild. Defrauding the Lullaby League pension fund. It's all in here. I have spend years building my empire: the whorehouses, the sex slavery ring, the pony girl farms, the porn studios, the clothing line, the perfume, the belts, the bondage gear and more. I have been building up to take on that fucking Jizzer, but first I need that ruby dildo." 

The bitch stood up and paced back and forth, washing her hands in the air. "I will give you a chance to pull that dildo out. Hey, First Flying Flunkie, strip that slut and untie her hand. Let's see if she can do a better job than you did." Earlier, while Dorothy was unconscious, the flunkie had tried to remove the dildo and ended up bashing his head into one of the monitors. The first Flying Flunky failed. 

F.F. took a knife and cut Dorothy' dress completely from her body, then he did the same with her very expensive panties. Dorothy cried, not because she was now bound to a chair, completely exposed and open, but because she really liked those panties. They cost her her anal virginity. Flunky then cut the bindings holding her right hand.

"Now try to pull it out," the bitch instructed Dorothy.

Dorothy tried and tried. But to no avail.

"Good, I really wanted to torture you a bit first, my dear. How should I start..."

"Do you think by torturing me this dildo will just fall out?" Dorothy questioned trying to free herself from the chair. 

"No my precious, even if that dildo does drop out, I'm still going to torture you. I'm evil. You are mine now. While you are alive, you will always be mine. It is your destiny," the bitch laughed.

Dorothy did not want to accept this. She fought harder against her bonds. The bitch replied by slapping Dorothy across the face. "String her up," the bitch yelled at the flunky.

"I need help, Mistress," he replied as he opened the door to get Flunky #2.&nbsp; As he did so, Soso ran out of the room and down the long hallway. He was free. The bitch turned to Dorothy and laughed, "Who cares about that fucking dog of yours, everyone knows you are here with me, who else has an army of Flying Flunkies. You think that pimp is going to rescue you. You are still an innocent little girl. Ha ha ha." 

When the flunkies returned they cuffed Dorothy's wrists together and pulled her to her feet, hands straight over her hand using a chain winch attached to the ceiling. Her body was stretched until the balls of her now bare feet barely touched the floor. Her ankles were still bound to the legs of a chair.

The bitch circled Dorothy checking out her young body, her flawless skin, her shaved privates. Dorothy's inner labia hung an inch below the outer ones. That fascinated the bitch for some reason. The Wicked Bitch was getting hot. Torturing young girls got her hot, but she didn't want to damage poor Dorothy, it could cost her some big bucks.

"If I can't extract that dildo with you alive....." the bitch whispered hoarsely into Dorothy's ear, "I'll auction you off on snuffbay.com and take it from your corpse." 

Dorothy's heart skipped a beat. She knew what that meant. It was getting to the end of the head games and into some real shit. Her body shook.

"Snuffing a virgin like you would be the dream of most of my kinkiest customers. Thinking about it is getting me horny," the bitch continued, "But first, it's my turn." "Grease her up," the bitch instructed her flunkies, "I want to see her skin shine."

The pair of flunkies took some grease and rubbed it all over Dorothy's tight body. The bitch was juicing up inside. She took off her top exposing her pendulous tits and massive areolae. While walking behind Dorothy, the bitch brushed her erect nipples against Dorothy's straining back. Shivers went through both of their bodies, but for different reasons.

W.B. started her session by inserting a electric shock dildo in Dorothy's ass, connecting it to a pulse generator, and applying some current. Dorothy's butt spasmed, spasmed over and over. Dorothy screamed after each spasm. Her breathing was heavy. The dildo stayed put as the bitch was creaming in her cunt. She pranced a bit each time Dorothy screamed.

"I like it when you scream. Just for fun, let's shock that clit of yours too. You really should get that pierced with a big gold ring. You would look so much better down there," the bitch said as she pinched the Dorothy's dangling labia.

W.B. walk in front of Dorothy and licked the sweat from the underside of her Dorothy's breasts. "So young, so sweet," the bitch whispered. She then kissed Dorothy on the lips. Dorothy didn't return the kiss. The bitch did like this so she bit Dorothy's lower lip causing it to bleed. "Kiss me back, young lover, ha ha ha," the bitch growled. Dorothy refused. The bitch licked the bloody lip. "Yum, I don't care if you like me, bitch, I just want to hear you scream."

The bitch then took a ball electrode and touched it to Dorothy's clit. Dorothy screamed so loud that the bitch almost had an orgasm right then. The bitch continued lightly hitting Dorothy's clit over and over. The bitch slowly reached under her knickers and diddled herself. Hit, scream, rub, hit, scream, rub. This continued until the bitch wanted to cum. She then pushed the electrode deep into Dorothy's clit eliciting a final scream that caused Dorothy to pass out and caused the bitch to cum, falling to the floor. Both were drenched. It had been a short session, but both were exhausted. Both had clits that were on fire. It took a long time for both to recover.

The Wicked Bitch of the West was sexually satisfied for the first time in a long time. Something about Dorothy was doing it for W.B. Perhaps it was her near perfect skin, perhaps her it was her beautiful face, made more beautiful each time she screamed, perhaps it was her killer body, perhaps it was the way she twitched as the current shot through her nerves, perhaps it was really the dildo. That last thought didn't enter the bitch's mind. 

W.B. looked up at Dorothy and smiled. Her attitude had changed. She was smitten. Maybe instead of killing Dorothy she would keep her as her personal sex slave. The bitch's mind raced dreaming up a bondage suit that would keep Dorothy in line but allow full access to her juiciest parts, parts that could pleasure the bitch either by the touch they could provide or by the screams they could produce. Maybe Dorothy could become a ponygirl, or maybe a pain maid or a toilet slave or a doggie bitch. Spiked bras, choke collars, 12" ballet shoes, labia spreaders, all sorts of things streaked through W.B.'s head. As long as she controlled Dorothy maybe she could control the ruby dildo. 

The Wicked Bitch stood up and removed the butt plug in the barely aware Dorothy. She then greased up her hand and started pushing it into where the plug had been. "I will control you like you are my little hand puppet," the bitch snarled at Dorothy as she pushed her hand up further. "As long as you do as I say, I will spare your life. You will be my personal sex slave, and you will learn to like it, to enjoy the PAIN." As she said the word PAIN, the bitch twisted her hand inside Dorothy's bowel causing a guttural moan. "I want you to show your appreciation right now and lick my pussy. If I like, you live. If not..."

Dorothy didn't have time to be grossed out by the idea of eating out this horrible creature. All that she could do was try to concentrate on the task before her. Of course, first someone would have to cut her down, right? No. The bitch moved a table close to Dorothy, put a chair on it, and sat, her pussy level with Dorothy's mouth.

Dorothy tried her hardest to get near the bitch's pussy, but there way no way. It was one inch from the tip of her tongue, but that was one inch too far. She strained her neck, her feet, her tongue, and even her brain, but it was impossible. W.B. was getting off on watching Dorothy struggle to get her tongue into her pussy. The bitch motioned F.F. to whip the girl, not a viscous whip, just some encouragement. Dorothy felt the whip but it didn't really help, she was still a fraction of an inch from her dripping destination. The bitch just stared at Dorothy's mouth and lips. Yummy.

W.B. moved an bit closer, close enough for Dorothy to just barely reach her clit. Dorothy licked the clit, licked it up and down, swirling around, in and out and then repeated. The Wicked Bitch moved closer again, close enough now for Dorothy to enter her pussy and taste the bitch's juice. Dorothy ignored the taste and concentrated on getting the bitch off. She used the rougher top flat part of her tongue now, rubbing the clit with some real pressure. More acrid juice ran from the bitches pussy, but that didn't stop Dorothy. She had one goal, to keep the Wicked Bitch happy. Happy so that she may live. Dorothy's thoughts stopped there. Her tongue masterfully brought the bitch to a second orgasm, which while not as fulfilling, was powerful enough to cause the bitch to spare Dorothy's life.

"I will go now. Flunkies, take this slave and put her in her new room, the room next to mine," the bitch instructed as she left. The flunkies took Dorothy down and carried her to her room, threw her on her bed, and left, locking the door behind them. Dorothy lay on the bed, her head as sore as her body, and closed her eyes hoping that this was all a dream. During the next few hours Dorothy had a series of nightmares, each ending with her demise. Right before the ending of her last dream she woke in a bath of sweat. She knew how to escape, how to return home!

Dorothy stood up and shouted, "Mistress, please, I beg of you, let me help you destroy the Jizzer once and for all." Then she fell to the ground in a position of complete surrender, her forehead, knees, and toes touching the ground, and her hands clasped behind her neck.

The Wicked Bitch entered Dorothy's room and commanded, "Tell me more, my precious."

Dorothy stayed in her pose and told the bitch of her plan: "Mistress, I offer this plan to help you defeat the Jizzer. He has sent me to get your little black book. Let me and my friends return to the Jizzer with your book and announce you are dead. We will get an audience with him for sure. Then we will rape his ass and humiliate him. In the end, we will kill him for you, if you wish, or just let you take him to your dungeon to do with as you please."

"You are a clever young girl. You are right that he will have his guard down if he thinks that I am dead. Hmmmm."

"If you accept my offer, Mistress, I have but one humble request, not for myself, but for my friends. Please let my friends go free."

"Free you friends? Why would I do that. What do you offer me that I cannot take by force?" W.B. asked.

"I will be your willing slave. I will worship you. I will conspire in any action you wish. I will help you achieve any and every goal you set. I will use the power of the ruby dildo for you and you only," Dorothy answered.

"You do make some good points. I tell you what I will do. If you do as you say and humiliate him in the most vile and depraved manner, and then rid Aahs of his presence forever, I will free your friends."

"It would give me pleasure to humiliate and rid you of this fraud," Dorothy added.

The bitch kicked Dorothy over and crushed her nipple under her boot as she shouted, "Listen slave, I don't really care about your pleasure, do you hear me. You will wear this crystal ball necklace so that I can see that jizzer's humiliation. It is going to be four on one, five if you count your dog Soso. I want that jizzer to beg for mercy, and I will kill you if you give him any."

"YYYYesss, mmmmistress," Dorothy said as the pain from her nipple caused her to stutter.

The bitch then stepped back and called for Dorothy's friends: Pony Girl, Gimp, and yes even Pimp to be brought to her room. 

Pimp had tried to rescue poor Dorothy but relying on a couple of pornhos for backup was a bad mistake. He managed to get in the front door and even killed one of the flunkies when the tazer gun they shot at his balls exploded. Pimp wore a metal cup this time. But eventually the Flying Flunkies managed to restrain poor Pimp and took him to a dungeon to be castrated, a bitch's standard punishment. Pimp was lucky that Dorothy came up with her plan before the deed was done.

"Now, show me how you worship me," the bitch commanded.

Dorothy was not prepared for this command but she reacted quickly, hiding her real thoughts. She started by kissing and licking W.B.'s feet. W.B. was impressed, this was a good start. She then proceeded to lick up the bitch's leg. The bitch was wearing a rubber outfit, covering her from foot to neck, and could see the trail left by Dorothy's saliva on the black rubber. Dorothy licked the bitch's pussy through her rubber suit. The bitch was getting hot again, but wasn't going to allow herself to cum, she wanted to see how far Dorothy would go.

Dorothy added to her physical worship with some verbal worship, "Mistress, your feet, your toes, your legs form a temple at which to worship. Every inch of your body that you deign to let me touch I shall treat as a gift. Your presence gives me life. I am your slave, your servant. Use me as you would a dog, and I shall love you forever. Use me as you would a toilet and I shall eat the food of the Gods." This was pretty heavy stuff. Dorothy didn't know where the words were coming from. They were coming from the ruby dildo.

The bitch looked down at Dorothy and slapped her in the face. Dorothy fell to the floor and the bitch kicked her until Dorothy lay flat on the ground looking up the the bitch's crotch. The bitch then ripped open the seam covering her underside exposing her pussy and her ass. The blood ran from Dorothy's face, she was deathly afraid that the bitch would shit right there into her mouth. She did not, instead she sat on Dorothy suffocating Dorothy's mouth and nose with her slimy pussy and labia. Dorothy's tongue shot up inside the smelly cunt trying to please her mistress, please her to let Dorothy breathe. The bitch sat for a minute like this, looking into Dorothy's eyes, looking into her soul as the breath of life was slowly draining from her body. The bitch was convinced Dorothy was sincere. At this point Dorothy herself wasn't even sure.

W.B. had one final test of Dorothy's intentions, she wanted another kiss. She trusted her instincts, trusted her ability to tell a faker from the real thing, but the final test was always a simple kiss. W.B. had sent many a suitor to their deaths, or worse, when they failed the kiss test. In fact, only one male had ever passed, but he was sent to her dungeon when he failed to get it up just once. She was a real bitch.

W.B. stood up and ordered Dorothy to her feet. Dorothy thought that her worship session was over and was expecting her friends at any moment. Instead the bitch looked Dorothy in the eyes and said a very sultry voice, "Kiss me."

Dorothy moved towards the bitch and cocked her head to the right. She opened her lips and pushed onto the bitch's. The bitch had soft lips. In fact, the bitch was quite sweet and that helped Dorothy to really feel the love in the kiss. A jolt of panic flew through Dorothy's brain at the thought that she might actually feel something other than loathing and hatred for this woman who just hours earlier had threatened her life and tortured her clit. But Dorothy continued the kiss, probing her tongue into W.B.'s love starved mouth. W.B. had no reservations in feeling good about kissing Dorothy. In fact she did feel love for Dorothy. Unfortunately love only brought out the cruelest tortures from W.B, but that was for later. The bitch extended her own tongue and soon the pair of tongues were dancing in unison.

While W.B.'s tongue was tickling Dorothy's uvula, a door opened and Dorothy's entourage walked into the room. There were three of them, and Soso. W.B. kept the two pornho's for her brothel. One had already replaced Cunt Runner as the official greeter; the other was fucking one of her "biggest fans", a 500 lb. giant with a 20" dick, 8 inches around. 

W.B. jerked her head back from Dorothy and pretended to straighten her already smooth rubber suit. Both blushed. "Fucking assholes, you ever heard of knocking," the bitch shouted at F.F. She then walked over to him and kicked him hard in the balls. He fell to the ground slowly, exhaling all the way down to his knees. She again kicked him, this time in the face. Dorothy's friends started to laugh until W.B. looked at them with the same look she had given her flunkie.

"You all get the fuck out of here. Dorothy will tell you what is going on. You have 24 hours," she yelled as she turned an old hourglass and placed it on the desk next to Dorothy's bed.

As they walked back to the Jizzer's Palace, Dorothy thanked Pimp for coming to her rescue, even if he failed. He smiled. She got down on all fours and offered him the use of her asshole. He declined. Sex, right now, was the last thing on his mind. Dorothy then stood and explained to her friends what was going on. That they would be free of the Wicked Bitch if they humiliated the Jizzer. Dorothy asked for their help.

They all replied "Yes," even Gigi.

During the rest of the trip everyone was mostly silent. Occasionally Pimp would make a wise crack and Dorothy would laugh. Dorothy didn't tell them that even if they were successful, she would be the bitch's eternal pain slave, but Dorothy had a plan to avoid that too.


Next: The Jizzer











The Jizzer

Dorothy and her cohorts had left the W.B. Ranch and walked across town, naked, to their suite at the Jizzer's Palace. By the time they got back they were all very very tired. Pimp and Gimp passed out on their beds. Dorothy handcuffed Gimp's right hand to the headboard to make sure he didn't escape or masturbate. She then took Pony Girl to her bed and pet her hairless pussy trying to calm them both. It wasn't working. Dorothy turned her pony around and licked her where she had been stroking. Her pony returned the oral caress. It was in this position that the two feel asleep a few minutes later. 

Sometime in the afternoon the phone rang in the suite waking everyone. Pimp shouted "Shut that fuck off," ripping his phone from the wall and then slamming his door shut. Dorothy rolled to the side of her bed, repositioning Pony Girl's head onto her clit, and answered the phone.

"I hope I'm not waking you, Miss Dorothy, but I have the Jizzer on the line for you, please hold," said the voice on the phone. Dorothy waited as she tried to ignore the dull pains lingering from the previous night's tortures. 

"Hello Dorothy, Jizzer here. I hear you have that little black book for me." 

"Well, how did you know?" Dorothy asked.

"Not important. When can get it?" the Jizzer asked. He seemed quite pushy and unappreciative for a guy that was getting what he had always wanted.

"I'm not sure. I'm not presentable right now. I don't have any clothes, I'm tired, I'm dirty, I'm sore, I'm hungry. How about tonight."

"Not acceptable," the Jizzer replied.

"You are a pushy ass.... man, aren't you. I'm sorry but it will have to be tonight around 8:00," Dorothy offered. "And tell the manager we need clothes."

"8:00, that's OK, DONE." the Jizzer replied, strangely happy, before he hung up.

Dorothy didn't like his attitude, but she ignored it and just laid back and continued her sixty nine from the night before. The pain in Dorothy's body faded as the blood in her clit increased. Dorothy stopped for a few seconds to yell at Gimp to order room service for the lot of them. Dorothy and her pony continued licking each other for about half an hour before Dorothy got up to take a shower. There were no orgasms today, the pain in Dorothy's brain wouldn't allow it, and Gigi's training would never allow her to cum without her partner cumming first.

After her shower, Dorothy went into Gimp's room to uncuff him. "Did you order the food," she asked curtly.

"Yes, Mistress." Gimp replied.

Dorothy pulled the covers off Gimp's body, checking out the state of his dick. He had a piss hard-on. "Why the fuck are you always hard. I think that dick of yours needs something special to be satisfied. Maybe tonight." Dorothy told the gimp as she uncuffed him. Gimp got up immediately and went to the bathroom to piss. When he came out Dorothy told him to clean up and then clean up Gigi. He did. He was still her gimp.

Dorothy decided to spend the rest of the day in the suite swimming, sunning, and recovering from the night before. She was still naked and had no spare clothes to speak of. The manager sent up some catalogs from which she could order, mostly Jizz crap. The rest of the gang joined her in her indulgences, even Gimp was allowed to swim and relax, after he groomed Gigi that is. 

By 8pm the gang was rested, dressed, and ready for action. Well, Dorothy and Pimp were dressed, Gimp was naked and chained while Gigi, well Gigi never wore clothing, Pony Girls weren't allowed.

The Jizzer arrived promptly and entered the suite not even looking at his guests. He wore dark sunglasses and what looked like a really expensive suit and brand new shoes. He actually wore a new pair of shoes every day, donating the used ones to a local charity. He was very fidgety and paced back and forth as he asked, "Where is my book? Where is it?" in a staccato voice.

Dorothy looked at him, he looked different up close, he looked somehow familiar. "Not so fast, Mr Jizzer, Sir. I have the Wicked Bitch of the West's little black book right here," she said waving it in the air. First, you must help my friends.

The Jizzer looked pissed. Nobody had questioned him since before he built his first casino. He was the Jizzer. Nobody told the Jizzer what to do.

"Give me the book. I'll help you and your friends some other day. OK," he repeated, quickening his pace. 

"Fuck you, asshole," Pimp blurted out as he stood in front of the door, "You ain't goin' no fuckin' where until we gets what we want."

The Jizzer was stunned motionless. Someone was actually threatening him. Wow. Nobody does that and gets away with it. But the Jizzer's bodyguards were outside the room, and by now the door was barricaded so nobody could get in or out.

"Look, I'll tell you what, Pimp, Pimp is it. How about I call Doprah and get her to put the three of you: you, Cunt Runner here, and this Gimp guy, on her TV show. You'd have an hour to tell whatever you want. Look, I'll call her as soon as you let me go, OK?"

"Fuck you and fuck Doprah. What about Dorothy? Asshole, send her the fuck home first."

"I can't send her back. The only way back...&nbsp; I'd have to go with her. This gig is too good to go back. Sorry, man. You are out of luck."

"I'm out of luck, sheeeeiit, you are," Pimp said as he tackled the Jizzer and pinned him down on the floor. "See that dick over there," Pimp said pointing to the Gimp's hard-on, "that dick is going in your ass right now!"

Pimp was playing his role perfectly. Dorothy had asked Pimp to take the lead in the Jizzer's humiliation, and that is exactly what Pimp was doing. Dorothy was setting the Jizzer up. She would be the good guy, Pimp the bad guy. W.B. would get what she wanted, and Dorothy would get her trip home. The plan was working.

The Jizzer looked at Gimp and said, "That faggot is going to fuck me! I don't think so," and struggled with Pimp. Unfortunately for the Jizzer, each time he struggled the Pimp got that much closer to forcing another piece of clothing from his body. Finally, Pimp ripped the Jizzer's shirt and underpants leaving him on the floor naked. 

Dorothy spoke up, "I recognize you now! You were the guy in room 8! You were the guy who fucked me in the ass!" 

The Jizzer, knowing the jig was up, confessed all: "Look, lady. I like fucking young girls. Yes. So sue me. I fucked that Wicked Bitch when she was 18, fucked her 'til she turned 19. 19 is too old for me. She didn't take it well. I think she still likes me, she still has a THING for me. All the bitches I fuck have a THING for me. Fuckin' bitch. She's dead now, so who the fuck cares."

"Um, Jizzer, um. The bitch is not dead. In fact, see this crystal ball around my neck, she is watching you right now," Dorothy added, not trying to be too mean.

"Get the fuck up on your knees and suck his dick," Pimp yelled pushing the Jizzer towards Gimp. The Jizzer didn't want to suck dicks. He was straight, well maybe a bit kinky, but not gay. Pimp wouldn't take no for an answer and drove his elbow into the Jizzer's back. When the Jizzer opened his mouth, Pimp installed a harness to keep his mouth open. "Here you go," Pimp said as he pushed the Jizzer's head onto Gimp's twitching dick. 

Gimp was smiling under his mask. The Jizzer was a good looking man and Gimp finally realized that he was gay. Gimp asked Dorothy to unchain him so that he could do more damage to the Jizzer. Dorothy deferred to Pony Girl, after all, Pony Girl was Gimp's Master. Pony Girl whinnied her approval and Gimp was set free, free to take his first man, even if is was by raping him.

Gimp allowed the Jizzer to lube up his dick, lubing it using the lining of the Jizzer's throat. Gimp pushed his dick way down the Jizzer throat, but he did so quickly not giving the Jizzer time to gag up vomit. When the Jizzer's dick was slimy enough, Gimp flipped the Jizzer onto his back and lifted his legs in the air, exposing his ass level with Gimp's dick. Gimp entered the Jizzer quickly, not giving him enough time to protest. Once inside, Gimp continued pushing deeper and harder into the virgin asshole. The two looked into each other's eyes. The Gimp was looking at a handsome man, the Jizzer was looking at a black hood, wondering what sort of freak was inside it.

While Gimp was fucking the Jizzer in the ass, Gigi wanted to get in on the action. She saw the Jizzer's cock bouncing around on his stomach and her instincts kicked in. She bent down and started to suck his flopping stick. After a minute of sucking Dorothy reached down and removed the harness holding the Jizzer's mouth open. She kissed the Jizzer on the lips, telling him without words that he was going to be OK. Once the Jizzer's dick was secured down Gigi's throat she positioned herself squatting over the Jizzer's face, her asshole directly over his mouth. She then lowered herself onto his lips and whinnied, her way of telling him to rim her ass. Pimp translated for her with the tip of his boot. The Jizzer wasn't into receiving anal in any way, and now he was getting fucked in the ass and sucking ass at the same time. Tears were streaming out of his eyes but nobody could tell, they only got a hint from the constant whimpering they heard. Gigi encouraged the Jizzer to stick his tongue deep in her ass by crushing his balls with her molars while his 8" cock was all the way down her throat. The Jizzer was an emotional wreck having become fuck meat for a couple of slaves.&nbsp; 

Pimp warned the Jizzer not to cum, that he would pay a dear price if he did: they would shave his head. The Jizzer still had a nice head of hair, hair of which he was obviously very proud. Pony Girl, on the other hand, wanted to see the Jizzer bald. She really went at his dick, fucking it in her throat by a combination of applying suction and then pulling back. There was nothing the Jizzer could do to avoid the pleasure. He tried to control his body, but between the stimulation in his ass and the expert sucking of his cock, it was impossible for him to resist the urge. The Jizzer shouted "No, No, No" as he shot his enormous load into Pony Girl's mouth. She, sensing the exact moment that he would cum, had pulled her head back to catch every last drop. She got a real mouthful. The Jizzer's vigorous protestations also caused the Gimp to cum, to cum up the Jizzer's ass. The Gimp felt a real connection to a fuckmate for the first time. As his dick shriveled up, some of the cum plopped out of the Jizzer's butt.

While Gimp was reassessing the meaning of his life now that he knew he was gay, Pony Girl stood up in triumph, her mouth still full of the Jizzer's jizz. She opened her mouth showing all the enormous amount of cum the Jizzer produced and then closed her mouth. Everyone waited for her to swallow, since that is what a ponygirl is trained to do, but instead she got back on her knees and bent over to "kiss" the Jizzer on the lips. The Jizzer refused to open his mouth but was convinced to do so when Pimp stepped on his throat. Pony Girl then dripped the Jizzer's cum, little by little, back into his mouth. The Jizzer closed his lips after the first little bit, but then Pony Girl forced the cum down his throat by pressing her lips against his and blowing the cum into him. She kept her lips on his until the cum ran down his throat. When she finally stood up, there was cum all over the Jizzer's face and cum and blood running out of his ass. When he motioned to wipe it face, Pimp grabbed his arms and held them behind his back, cuffing them there. 

"Time for a haircut, asshole," Pimp chimed up. 

"No, please, No, I will give you anything you want, please, don't cut my hair off, please." the Jizzer begged. 

Dorothy was making sure the Wicked Bitch could see all of the action, even though she herself did not participate that much.

Pimp dragged the Jizzer into the bathroom and shoved his head in the toilet. "Gimp, piss," was the command that Pimp gave, and Gimp did so, pissing all over the Jizzer hair. Pimp then lifted the Jizzer's head letting him take one breath, and then again pushed his head into the toilet. Pony Girl was next.

"Beg me to cut off your piss hair now, Jizzer," Pimp asked the Jizzer, "or I'll shit in that toilet and make you eat it!"

The Jizzer came out of the toilet and indeed begged for his hair to be removed, begged to be bald. "You heard the man, Gimp, shave that Jizzhead 'til he's as bald and shiny as you are."

Gimp took the scissors he had used to cut his own hair and cut the Jizzer's. The Jizzer was sobbing hysterically now, but he was still cooperative. Meanwhile Dorothy opened the Bitch's little black book and started to read the evidence she had on him. The book was actually a copy, but no one in the room knew that. After about ten minutes of cutting and listening, the Jizzer knew his future in Aahs was coming to an end. He would have to leave, to try to go back to Hollywood. He had prepared for the day that he hoped would never come. It was today. Twenty minutes later the Jizzer was a bald and broken man. He looked at Dorothy with his beaten eyes and asked for help. Dorothy made her move.

"Let's cut off his dick and feed it to Soso!" Pimp said, having more fun than he had had since the last time he beat the shit out of someone.

Dorothy crushed the crystal ball transmitter ending the show for the Wicked Bitch. She had seen enough, and Dorothy didn't want her to see the finale, the part where the Jizzer and Dorothy go back to L.A. together. "Mr. Jizzer, Sir. If you just take me back to my L.A. all this will stop. That is all that I ask," Dorothy explained. The Jizzer was listening. "I am from Hollywood too, near La Brea. I was at the 'Pink Puppy' checking the place out when bam, all of a sudden I'm here in Aahs."

"Baby I feel for you. I don't know how I got here either, but I think I know how to get home. Listen, I'll pick you up at midnight sharp. I've got a few loose end to tie up here first," the Jizzer muttered. "Wait for me at the back of my ... palace," the Jizzer began to cry again, realizing that all that he had built was now lost. 

"OK," Dorothy agreed. "Just to be sure you don't do anything funny, Gimp, you go with the Jizzer and make sure he doesn't run away."

"OK, MMMMMistress Dorothy," Gimp replied.

The Jizzer then left the suite with Gimp, presumably to pack up some easily transportable valuables. That left Dorothy and Pimp and Gigi alone, alone to say their good-byes. The three stood and looked at each other, looked for something to say. Their eyes welled up with tears, even Pimp's. Dorothy said her good-byes first, "Pimp, I want to thank you for all of your help on my journey home. My only wish is that you could come with me, but I don't think that is possible." 

Pimp peeped a small "thank you."

"And Gigi, Gigi I am in love with you. You may be mine by the laws of Aahs, but you are also mine in my heart. I know that after I leave it will be difficult for you, but I expect Pimp here will help you. And Pimp, I don't want you to pimp out my pony, OK. Treat her with the same respect you have treated me."

Pimp replied affirmatively. 

Gigi spoke next, well she said good-bye next. Gigi merely got on her knees and rubbed her head into Dorothy's crotch. That said it all. Tears flowed down Gigi's cheeks.

Pimp told Dorothy not to worry about Pony Girl, that he would treat her right. He also told Dorothy that he would drop his pimping ways and find a good job. Good-byes are always full of bullshit.

Dorothy then told her two friends to leave quickly, just in case the Wicked Bitch came to claim them. With a final kiss each, Dorothy saw her friends for the last time standing in elevator as the doors closed.&nbsp; Dorothy spent the her remaining time freshening up for her journey home.

At midnight Dorothy was waiting, as instructed, behind the Palace. Suddenly the Jizzer sped out of his Palace in his '67 Corvette and pulled up next to Dorothy. Seated next him was Gimp, who was giving the Jizzer a blowjob. "Only room for two," the Jizzer shouted as he laid rubber and accelerated off leaving a stunned Dorothy behind. 

"You fucking Jizzer and you fucking Gimp. I'll kill you if I ever see you again. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck you," Dorothy shouted as she threw her hands in the air. Dorothy's mind raced as she asked herself what she should do now, now that her 99% successful plan had failed. Before she could answer, Dorothy saw the Wicked Bitch of the West circling overhead with her Flunky Army in tow. They landed surrounding her. Dorothy started to shake, the adrenaline was shooting through her veins. The bitch pointed to Dorothy and waved her hand instructing one of the flunkies to strip Dorothy of all her clothes. Another flunky attached metal cuffs around Dorothy's wrists and fastened them behind her back. The bitch then approached Dorothy, whose legs were shaking.

"You forget, my precious, that your destiny is to be mine forever," the bitch said as she took a wire hook from her pocket. She then jabbed the hook into Dorothy's nipple. Dorothy started to sob uncontrollably. The bitch repeated the piercing on the other nipple, attached a chain to the pair of hooks, and then pulled Dorothy close. "You will spend the next week screaming in agony, my precious," she whispered in Dorothy's ear. Dorothy's legs buckled, grossly stretching her tits. Dorothy remained silent however, despair had consumed her.

The bitch then led the captured Dorothy through the casino showing everybody who was in charge now. She stopped in front of a bank of slot machines. "A blowjob from Dorothy for the winner of the next jackpot," she shouted whipping the gamblers into a small frenzy. It didn't take long for the first jackpot, it was won by a nondescript middle aged man. He unzipped his fly and pulled out his smelly dick while Dorothy got on the dirty floor and sucked the cock into her mouth. The crowd cheered her on as his cock slid up and down bulging her cheeks. The bitch held Dorothy's head in place and told the man to fuck her face hard, that she liked it that way. He did. After a few minutes the man came in Dorothy's mouth. "Show everyone YOUR jackpot before you swallow it," the bitch instructed Dorothy as she opened her mouth to display the gooey prize. The bitch then yanked on Dorothy's tit chain, lifting her to her feet, and proceeded through the casino. Dorothy remained silent, her head hung low.

As they passed a dais in the middle of the casino, the bitch turned to Dorothy and told her her future, "We are going to install a bed here and chain you to it. You will be the main attraction. We will call it 'Dorothy's Wheel of Sex'. One by one my guests will get to play, for a price. Wherever the wheel lands, that is what you will do. Sucking, pussy fucking, ass fucking, tit fucking, face fucking- you are going to do a lot of fucking. The grand prize will be a one hour public torture session, with you as the torturee. What do you think? I told you you would fuck every man in Aahs, and I plan to keep my word." Dorothy was so numb that she couldn't hear anything but the roar of the casino. She knew that all hope was lost, that she was now just a fuck hole, ready to be used like you would a urinal. She tried to convince herself she didn't care, but inside she knew her soul would die slowly.

After the two climbed up onto the dais, Dorothy received her next gift from the bitch, some jewelry. The ring was big, thin and gold and had the letters W.B. inscribed on the front and "PAIN SLAVE" inscribed on the back. Dorothy knew instinctively where the ring would be installed, and she now figured that it would be installed right there for all to see. She was right. The bitch set Dorothy on a chair and told her flunkies to hold Dorothy tight. Dorothy's legs were spread wide revealing both her sex and the end of the ruby dildo. 

"I hereby declare on this day that you, Dorothy, killer of my sister, the Wicked Bitch of the East, are my pain slave," the bitch announced. She then held up a small spear in one hand and a clamp in the other. Dorothy couldn't see the weapons in her hand. The bitch then reached down and pet Dorothy's clit and grabbed it with the clamp. Dorothy panicked as she knew what was coming. "You will acknowledge your new life as a pain slave by screaming," the bitch said as she punctured Dorothy's defenseless little clit with the spear. Dorothy did not disappoint her Master and screamed so loud that the crowd fell quiet. When she stopped screaming everyone in the casino could hear Dorothy's breathing, it was that quiet. Sweat was dripping from Dorothy's body and a small drop of blood was dripping from her wound. Dorothy sat motionless trying to recover the little that was left of her humanity. The bitch installed the ring. Dorothy's clit was finally pierced.

"After your week of torture back at the ranch, I'm going to brand my name into your tits for all to see," the bitch whispered into Dorothy's ear. Dorothy collapsed in her chair. 

Dorothy was yanked up by her tits again, forced to her feet, and the two proceeded through the casino. When they got to the Roulette wheel, Dorothy heard a voice she recognized. She looked up and saw the Playmate of the North. Dorothy's despair was replaced with hope, a small hope. The playmate had helped her once and actually gave her the ruby dildo that the bitch coveted above all else. Maybe there was a way out. 

The playmate looked at Dorothy, looked into her eyes, and told her in a calm, reassuring tone, "You must take what you have learned here in Aahs and go home now. Just squeeze your pussy three times and repeat 'There's no place like home,' and off you will go."

Dorothy was saved. She could escape Aahs, escape her coming tortures, escape from that bitch, escape back to her comfortable carefree life back home. She turned to W.B. and shouted at the top of her lungs, "FUCK YOU, BITCH!" and followed the playmates instructions to the letter.

"There's no place like home . There's no place like home. There's no place like home ..."



Dorothy became conscious on her knees in a Tijuana whorehouse, chained to a bed, getting gang-banged by a nearby High School football team. The first thing Dorothy saw were the abs of the boy fucking her throat with his foot long cock. She could feel another boy under her with his cock embedded deep in her pussy. A third boy was pummeling her ass. Dorothy could tell that her pussy was shaved clean and her nipples and clit were pierced, although she would take on another 10 boys before she could verify that. Dorothy's arm showed tracks from the crank coursing through her body. Her pussy was ruby red raw, as though she had been fucking for a week straight- basically she had been. 

Dorothy's whore name was Crystal now, it was printed in crappy lettering on the door to her room, room number eight. On the walls of her room hung various leather outfits and whips and dildos and such along with a strange collection of 1970's era movie posters from "Shaft", "Beneath the Planet of the Apes", "Midnight Cowboy", "Behind the Green Door", and the TV show "Dynasty." This was Dorothy's new home.

After her session was over, the brothel's Madam entered the room. "You pretty young thing, you ready for your next guest?" she asked. IT WAS THE WICKED BITCH. Well, it wasn't really, but it looked like her. The madam asked her next two guests to come into the room. Dorothy's heart stopped. There, before her, was the Jizzer and Gimp. "We've been waiting for you, Dorothy," the pair said as the madam closed the door behind her.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
The End





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  R. E. Lavaque


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





