BDSM Library - The Special Club




The Special Club
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A incest story where the son seduces hs mother into sex






﻿The Special Club









Chapter 1







I finally received an email reply from George and anxiously read it. "Holy shit", 

I yelled before I jumped up out of my chair then bounced about my bedroom in 

excitement.

Not only did George not dismiss my request outright he wanted to schedule a 

meeting the very next day. It was paramount to being given an audience with the 

Queen of England to a teenager in my suburb.

The club was so exclusive, it did not even have a name - only the 'Club'. As 

well, most of its members were unknown and thus the total compliment of its 

membership. Only a select few volunteered to be open to the public, by 

acknowledging their membership.

Oh sure, there were rumours. About dark masses and orgies in secret places. 

Money to burn. Women ready and willing.

I'm not sure what was real and what wasn't - all I knew is that everyone seemed 

to whisper about how cool it was to be in the Club. But I don't think anyone 

whispering knew any more than I.

Then I overheard a group of my students in the cafeteria chatting with George, 

hushed voices and small nods. That was how I learned George was a member of the 

Club - a club so secret that no other members were known. He was the centre of 

attention, the focus of all the questions and who gave nearly no direct answer 

from what I overheard.

Oh certainly I could use the boost for being a member of such a Club to my 

reputation, and even to my ego if the truth be told. I'm not very popular in 

school, a silent bookworm that gets good grades and keeps out of trouble. I do 

have several friends but they are all approximately the same as I, simply 

travelling through our interment in high school.

Then again, I remembered, I would not be able to tell anyone if I was accepted 

to the Club.

Perhaps my desire to join this secret society was a dream, a phantasm to 

reality. I just wasn't in any cool crowds. Hell I was barely even noticed by my 

own teachers.

But I re-read George's email once more - and it boosted my ego yet again. What 

if... 







George was waiting by the baseball diamonds in our school yard, alone with his 

jacket billowing out with the high winds. Winter was coming and I pressed my 

hands into my own jacket as I approached him, to still the cold as well as to 

hide my nervous quivering.

He smiled and we shook hands.

It already felt clandestine.

"Hi Jammie. Did you bring it?"

I passed over a recent photograph of my family which he looked at for a few long 

seconds and then stuck into his pocket. I was a little surprised at this request 

when I received his email and more surprised when he pocketed the photo. No 

matter, it would not be missed from my family albums.

"What do you know about the Club?"

I looked around, as if to be sure none could overhear us, but it was redundant, 

no one was even upon the school grounds on this fine blustery day. "Basically 

nothing. Mostly rumours."

He nodded amused. "What is the most outrageous rumour that you've heard about 

then?"

I shrugged and inventoried the more recent rumours and thought of one that 

excited and intrigued me, "Each member is given a girl as a slave." I assumed he 

would laugh my rumour into the fall wind.

Instead, George nodded. "Not exactly. But what if part of that was true?"

That surprised me. I had no comment actually - what fifteen year old could reply 

logically when asked if he would like a sex slave?

Now he laughed lightly and put his arm over my shoulder, "I can't tell you any 

details at this stage - but if you are still interested I will bring your 

interest for a membership to the Club?"

Interested... fuck yes! "Sure." Did he hear my quivering excited voice above the 

wind?







Less than a week later, a school night mind you so I knew I would be in hell 

when I got back home, I stood as George slipped a pillow-case over my head. 

"Okay?"

"Yes." I had agreed to this of course, at every step of the way I had been asked 

if I wanted to go forward with my initiation. As if in a dream, I agreed 

whole-heartily.

George helped me back into his car, and we then drove for some time, once 

stopping and I heard two others get into the back. No one spoke.

Finally we stopped and George helped me out. I followed the two others with George 

guiding my shoulders from behind. We walked across some short grass, up some 

cement steps and finally through a doorway.

"We are here Jammie." Inside a house I think, but where I have no idea. "I will 

ask you not to attempt to remove the blindfold or to talk without being spoken 

to first. Do you understand?"

"Yes." I felt like saying 'sir', but George was always so informal it seemed out 

of place somehow. Then he guided me further into the house, a large one 

evidently and down a long flight of stairs to what I assumed to be the basement. 

"Sit here Jammie."

I sat silently in a sturdy woody chair as I heard movement from several others 

about me.

Eventually the movement slowed down and I could almost feel others looking at 

me.

George spoke up from across the room, "Jammie you are here with the other members 

of the Club, who at this time will remain anonymous, and we wish to chat with 

you for a few moments?"

I nodded, comically I thought, as no one could see my head within the pillow 

case.

A new voice, deeper and probably older, "Jammie Bentley?"

"Yes." My voice came out more as a crackle.

Same voice, as if reading, "Fifteen years old, tenth grade?"

"Yes sir." It just slipped and I almost hung my head for the rebuke but it never 

came.

"You have two siblings - an older brother in college and a younger sister."

"Yes."

"Your father is an executive and alternates between the office here and out 

east?"

"Correct - yes." I wondered if someone had done research upon me before this 

meeting?

"Your mother is on several charity boards in the city but mostly spends her time 

at her office?"

"Yes."

"The photo you gave, this is your mother in the picture?"

"Yes." I almost volunteered where the picture was taken but stopped realizing 

that I had not been asked a direct question. I most certainly did not want to 

screw up this interview, as I have come so far. Much further than I expected.

"How old is she now?"

"Forty one years old."

"Her name is Ginny?"

"Yes." Why so many questions about my mother?

Next he began to ask about my school, my grades, who was my friends and whom I 

did not get along with. Then he asked me about my teachers, and asked about my 

private thoughts on my attractive English teacher whom every boy had fantasies 

about.

Then he asked about financial matters about my father, our home and some of the 

items in our household. We were pretty well off, I should imagine but, of 

course, I had nothing to gauge it by. I couldn't answer very well to these, as I 

didn't know, and ended that part of the questions feeling like my application 

into their Club was all for naught.

Another voice spoke up, younger, maybe my age. "Relax Jammie - your doing 

great."

I was? His comment helped.

"We are a small group Jammie and our interests are not always what society would 

accept."

I have no idea what that meant! Yet I hadn't been asked a question and could not 

talk.

"I'm going to ask you some more questions - odd questions - and I want you trust 

me... us... and answer honestly. If at any time you feel uncomfortable with what 

I'm asking you, simply stand up and we shall conclude our meeting. No fowl. 

Okay?"

"Okay." I was getting nervous again.

"Do you masturbate Jammie?"

I was quivering in nervousness, and this question didn't help. "Yes." If my face 

had been revealed so would have my glowing red embarrassed cheeks.

"No problem, we all do." Several chuckles from about the room.

"What do you think about when you jerk off?" Before I could answer, "How about 

Mrs. Lowell?" My English teacher.

I opened my mouth and a lie almost came out but I knew in my heart that I had to 

answer honestly, "Ya, sometimes."

"What exactly Jammie?"

God this was embarrassing. "I think of her naked... doing things." The last part 

came out in barely a whisper.

"Have you seen a women naked before Jammie?"

"I saw mom once," I regretted saying that immediately but wasn't sure why, "and 

on the 'net."

"So the only 'live' naked woman you have ever seen was your mother?"

I guess, "Yes".

"Did she look good naked?"

"It was only for a second..."

"Yes, but did you enjoy the sight of her naked?"

No sense lying now, "Yes." Barely a whisper.

"Have you ever jerked off while thinking about your mother?"

I nearly stood up, an impulse reaction. How could this guy suggest such a thing? 

Then I stopped, my ass a millimetre from the chair.

That was when I really made the decision that I wanted to be in the Club. I 

could feel that it was more than just secrecy and guys sitting around the room, 

I could feel that it was forbidden thing this Club represented. And though I had 

not idea what it was, my guts started to knot and my palms sweated and I wanted 

not only to join but enjoy these forbidden things. I wanted to belong to this 

secret group, to belong to something for the first time in my life.

My resolve was set and I answered in a stronger voice than I had answered most 

of my questions earlier, "Yes." It was true after all - I had thought about me, 

mostly after the chance encounter of seeing her naked as she stepped from the 

shower.

After my answer, it seemed liked the air was less thick in the room we all sat 

in. "Have you tried to see her naked again?"

"Yes."

"How did it go?"

My mom is pretty strict about nudity and I tried to again walk into the bathroom 

when I knew she was drying herself - she had always locked the door after that 

first time. Then there was the peeks beneath the table at her stocking clad 

legs, or down her blouse when she bent before me, at her covered ass walking up 

the stairs in our home... "Not very well."

A few chuckles and then I heard some whispering that lasted for a few minutes.

Someone walked, on hard heeled shoes, towards me. Again the younger guy spoke 

up. "Before you is a naked woman."

Oh my god!

"She is wearing only her black heels and a collar." I could feel the pillow case 

sticking to my wet sweaty face and my breath began come in great gulps.

"If you feel that you would like to still be a member of this Club, then reach 

out and slip a finger into her cunt."

Fuck me! Was this for real? Could I be so lucky, never having been lucky so far 

in my life, as to still be in the running for membership in this group?

I had to squeeze my fist to still the shakes, unsuccessfully. Yet somehow I 

lifted it before me.

It touched the warm soft skin of a thigh, and I opened my fist to grasp the 

outer leg to find my way to that spot I had never known intimately.

The woman had soft warm skin, smooth, not a hair, and I thought I felt her 

quiver when my fingers slowly slipped between her thighs and I felt the other 

leg against the back of my hand. I was between the valley leading to that 

forbidden pot of gold that I've never even seen - if only I was not blinded.

As I moved slowly upwards, I realized my hand was no longer shaking, but it was 

the woman herself that quivered. It gave me resolve and that first touch of her 

womanly bush surprised me. I turned my hand, having to push the soft thighs 

apart slightly, and cupped her sex.

The first woman's sex that I have ever felt, though you can probably guess at 

that. She was some stranger that I could not see, and may never know. The pussy 

was cupped in my hand, it was damp and warm, rough thick hair with small curls. 

I could feel the overheated dampness beneath my fingers and I put pressure on my 

two centre fingers.

The woman knew I had done this before I did, as both digits slid into the warm 

folds and into that new place and inside her body. I didn't move after she 

moaned, not wanting this to end. She moved, if only to quiver and perhaps to 

squat down a few inches to better my access.

Oh god!

Again that younger voice, "The woman you have your fingers inside of is my Slave 

Jammie. How do you feel about that?"

Several chuckles from those about me. What could I say, "I like it."

He laughed heartily, "As do I. After you leave here with George, I'm going to 

fuck my slave in her cunt and probably in her mouth as well." His slave shook 

violently and sighed loudly. "When I'm done, I may give her to any of the other 

members of the Club that want to use her." Again a violent shudder - I would say 

the woman was looking forwards to her Masters intentions.

George spoke up as he moved towards me, "Meeting over Jammie." The woman stepped 

backwards away from me and my fingers slipped from that grotto.

The other guy, the older one, "We will discuss what we know about you and George 

will be in contact in the coming days."

The younger guy, now standing near me, near where I imagined his Slave to be 

standing - was he fondling her as I had just done, "We have to be sure Jammie, I 

know you don't understand, but we only want members that want to live the life 

we want too."

George's hand grasped my shoulder and guided me out.







I must have smelt my fingers for hours, I didn't even wash them for two days. 

The woman smelled delicious, a smell that I have not ever known, yet I wanted to 

become more intimate with. Did all woman smell the same?

And jerk off - I could not keep my hands to myself. Every chance I got, I pumped 

my cock.

The questions rolled about in my mind and even my answers, as I remembered every 

detail. When I did this, I could not help about the questions regarding my 

mother and think about my mothers surprised face as I had interrupted her post 

shower ritual, her large hanging breasts, her white buttock, her smooth 

thighs... then I remembered 'those' thighs from the Club. Now when I jerked off 

to my mothers image, to my fantasies of her, I no longer felt guilt.

An email arrived two days latter, from George, asking for a detailed explanation 

regarding the only time I had seen my mothers body. I had to include details 

about what she looked like.

Somehow, this request didn't bother me and I sat down to type out five hundred 

words in no time. I even scanned recent pictures of my mother to include with 

the note, mostly to give a face to the mental pictures that I had written.

Then another email came the next day.







I sat again in the same chair in the same house and with, I suspect, the same 

group of guys about me. Of course I had the pillow case over my head.

The younger voice, "Congratulations, you've gotten to the next stage Jammie!"

All about me people clapped.

"Thank you", was all I could contribute. I wanted to ask questions but kept 

silent, knowing my position was still precarious.

"This stage is mostly about information. And I have to ask your continued 

patience as we still need to protect our identities still later." Of course, it 

only seemed logical.

"We asked a lot of questions and we feel you have answered honestly. It may not 

surprise you that we have had been researching you and your mother these last 

couple of days."

My mother?

"You meet the criteria that we have set for ourselves. That does not mean you 

are yet a member, but you can consider yourself a pledge."

More clapping and I smiled behind my blindfold.

"First off - we ask that anything and everything about the Club, including your 

application, be kept secret. You must answer 'yes' or 'no' to these questions?"

"Yes."

"On your life?" Somehow I doubted it was a light oath I was taking, that it was 

indeed my life that I now pledged.

I didn't hesitate, "Yes."

"Good. Thank you Jammie. Second - what exactly is this club right?" It wasn't 

really a question.

The older guy spoke instead, "Jammie, this club was formed many years ago and 

has always been kept very exclusive and small in numbers. The members are all 

male, post puberty, and had to join as virgins."

How did they know I was a virgin? I again felt my cheeks blush - I suspect it 

was not hard to figure out.

"The first and foremost mission of our Club is that each member has their own 

mother as their personal slave."

I almost expected the guys to again laugh, but not a sound could be heard. I was 

stunned as I listened.

"There are several rules attached to this, for the member and even for his 

slave."

The younger voice broke in, "Just understand that we are not against freedom and 

pleasure Jammie, only that the rules protect the Club and its members."

I remembered my last visit, and the wonderful touch of that woman - this voices' 

Slave he had told me. Could it be true - had I fingered his mother?

His 'Slave' I chastised myself.

Again the older, "Do you have any questions Jammie?"

The younger, "You may speak freely?"

"I...", I could not find the words, my tongue just would not work. "My 

mother...", would be my slave if I joined - but how? "She would never... you 

know?" Hardly a question but they seemed to understand.

"One of the necessary components to joining our club was that you seduce your 

mother. This does not mean we can not help you." Help me get my mother into bed 

- for me to fuck her?

This was crazy! Okay, so I pictured my mother naked as I jerked off - even 

thinking about her lips wrapped around my cock - but that is a far cry from 

reality. She was my mother for gods sake!

"Another component to joining, is that you most not only fuck her but she must 

submit to you fully." I only barely heard that, my mind was clouded by the 

impossibility of the situation. The thought that she become my Slave seemed 

unimportant as to the magnitude of the image of mother spreading her legs for 

me.

I barely recognized that George was again leading me away.







Mother looked at me questioningly from across the table, "What is wrong honey?"

Oh god! I have sat amongst guys that fucked their own mothers. I had two of my 

fingers inside of one of them. I just could not set my mom as such a woman - 

impossible!

For a week I have been in a cloud, outside my mind and the blind clandestine 

meetings with the Club just didn't seem important.

Dad frowned and told mom, "Maybe he is sick?"

Mom nodded affirmatively but never said a word. Did she know I was looking at 

her lips right now and wondering what they would look like parted with nothing 

but a sigh of pleasure upon them?

"Perhaps we should send him to the doctor Ginny?" Dads answer to any ailment, 

doctors.

I remembered some of the documents I had read on the novice web site of the 

Club. Passworded and encrypted of course. I had read nearly two dozen real 

accounts how guys, like me, had gotten their mothers to bed them. Some had been 

sweet and gentle, almost courting their own mothers. Others had bound and raped 

their kin, continually doing so till it was accepted. Most had been somewheres 

between, nonconsentual seduction.

Mother answered dad, "Maybe a few days in bed. Honey?"

Bed. The last story related how the member had slipped into his mothers bed late 

one night, and with a pre-greased cock slipped it into her sex. Or another, 

several previous, how the member had pretended to sleep upon the top of his 

covers, naked and with his morning hard-on, his mother had come in and touched 

his hard member till he awoke and confronted her. And another, a guy had caught 

his mothers infidelity, in her own marriage bed, with a neighbour and captured 

it on tape, then blackmailed her into submission.

Dad agreed, "Might be a good idea. Too much stress Jammie?"

I didn't say a word but dropped my knife upon the floor and bent to retrieve it. 

Mother was wearing slacks today but I imagined what the shape of her thighs 

beneath must look like. I had seen them white, smooth and uncovered, I knew what 

lay beneath her tan pants.

A thought came to mind, before I sat back up, if there was any possible way that 

mom would... you know... be my sex slave, then I will ask her, no order her, 

only to wear skirts. She had such sexy legs.

I was startled by my own thoughts.

Again I became aware that this may not all be an impossibility.







George sent me email, since I had been home for two days, to follow up on our 

last meeting. I knew his intentions, to find out my thoughts, as I'm sure I was 

a basket case when he dropped me a block from my home.

I only replied with the necessary comments that everything was fine and I was 

only thinking.

Another reply from him came the same day, that he was available if I should need 

help with 'you know what'.

I didn't reply.

If indeed this phase of the initiation was about information, then I was 

learning very much. I read every document that I could on the Club's private web 

site for initiates, like myself. So many personal stories, some as old as thirty 

years before. A few pictures attached some of the stories, no head shots just 

body parts - and you can guess which parts!

I didn't learn anything else about the Club's mission beyond that what was told 

to me. They were expert enough to know how to handle newbies like myself it 

seems.

As well as the Club's web site, I searched the Internet on topics involving 

'incest' and especially 'mother-son incest'. I had more than I could possibly 

read, but I followed up on many of them. Most were fictional some claimed to be 

factual, I began to enjoy all of these.

Though my masturbation sessions had halted those first couple of days, they 

slowly started up again. To the point that I was pumping my seed more often now 

than even before my interest in the Club.

When I slipped a family photo album into my room and spent an hour looking at 

mother on our trip to Fiji two years before, I nearly rubbed my cock raw. She 

had worn several different light outfits in the hot climate and one very sexy 

one-piece bathing suit. Why hadn't I noticed it before?

The longer I sat alone in my room, before my computer, and hunched over photos 

of mom, I began to desire the lifestyle that the Club represented.

I no longer thought about how to make it happen, only what life could be like if 

it did.

Imagines came to mind - graphic desires expressed in incestuous fantasies. 

Mothers mouth was often a favourite, and in my mind, her mouth and tongue sucked 

and licked very inch of my body. She had such a pretty mouth, petite I would 

say.

Her legs were a favourite, often sporting stockings - like the ladies on the 

'net - heels as she moved to my commands. Small ankles, well formed perfect 

sized feet, great tapered strong calves, shapely sexy thighs.

Those only lead upwards, to her ass. Teardrop shaped, a slight movement when she 

walked that balked of her younger athletic college years, perfect width, 

inviting looking.

Her breasts, not huge but more than a handful. Perfectly round shape that I had 

only seen without clothing once, hanging down beneath her. The dark brown 

nipples swaying towards the floor. I wanted to do so much with mothers chest.

She had a well formed shape, womanly curves I imagined. Small waist, but with a 

slight bulge for a tummy. Wide soft hips that simply flowed with her lines. Wide 

shoulders that must be exactly the width of her hips. Wonderful.

She had a round perpetually happy face, small mouth as I described, perfect 

nose, wide brown eyes, tiny ears and brown shoulder length thick hair which she 

often wore tied back.

I was finding myself in lust with my own mother.







George stood in my living room looking at the multitude of pictures above the 

fireplace. He only noticed the pictures that had mother included in them.

"How is your research coming Jammie?"

I knew what he meant - the information that I was asked to review on the Club's 

web site. Real accounts how sons seduced their own mothers.

I had just returned with two cans of Coke, "Fine." I guess.

He smiled at me over his shoulder and returned back to a photo of mom and dad 

dressed to go out to a New Years party three years before. "She is a looker, 

your lucky Jammie." In that photo she wore a black leather skirt, black nylons 

and heels, and a thick black sweater. "My mom works hard at looking good, but 

will never be as hot as your mom."

It still hasn't settle in me yet, that the Club members each had a slave in 

their own mothers. Oh I realized it of course, but when it was spoken 

non-nonchalantly as it was now, it took me by surprise.

With George I felt more at ease than the two times I had been interigated, "What 

is it like?"

George stopped leering at the photo and turned about to accept the can. "What? 

Fucking my mother?" He was grinning knowingly.

"I guess, yes."

"There is nothing like it Jammie. And I mean nothing. I've fucked many other 

chicks since my mother took my cherry, but there is nothing like the forbidden 

fruit of ones own mom." He took a long drink of Coke.

"How did you... you know?" I sat and George followed my lead, sitting across from 

me.

"Seduce her?" I nodded. His smile disappeared and he looked at his can when he 

answered, "I used some knock-out-drops that the Club offered to me... I'm not 

very proud how I did it. Then I did it many times, lessoning the dosage each 

time. The Club provided a schedule." I nodded, pretending I was empathic to his 

feelings. "Eventually mom went from a comatose toy... to partially concious...", 

she must have thought she was having incestuous dreams I thought. "... and 

eventually she simply accepted our relationship without the drugs."

I just didn't understand this. "But how?"

He still stared at this can, "Its a method the Club suggested, the months long 

seduction and drugs helped convince her of our new relationship." Brain washing, 

I realized!

I'm not sure if that was what I wanted to do. I just couldn't imagine spreading 

my mothers legs, kneeling between them and forcing my dick into her dry crack - 

all the while her eyes closed and her face serene.

No - I wanted to see mothers eyes when she first saw my hard penis. I wanted to 

feel her body response, hopefully positively, as I slipped it for the first time 

into her. Would her lips sigh with pleasure as I have imagined?

I shook my head, surprised at my thoughts.

George's somberness was gone, "Thinking about drugging your mother huh?" He was 

smirking again. "Did you find anything that interests you on the web site?" He 

was referring to the methods that members had seduced their own mothers.

I nodded no, "I don't think any of these would work." Or I just wouldn't want 

too attempt them.

To be truthful, I haven't been thinking about how to make the seduction, only 

what the end result will be like.

"Well, the Club is going to announce that this phase was finished very soon."

That caught my attention, "What is the next phase?"

"You fuck your mother."

Or, I can not be in the Club, I knew.







I had to put the generous images of my mother as my slut to the back of my mind, 

so I could concentrate upon the task at hand. I had to research the best way to 

make her willingly spread her legs for me.

The more I searched, the less probable the possibility seemed.

The fictional stories just seemed outrageous and the Club members accounts just 

didn't seem appropriate.

Of course I had to come to a decision how I was to do this deed, and in the 

midst of despair and just ready to thrown in the towel I realized something.

In some of the fictional stories, normally the crappie short ones often excerpts 

from magazines, sometimes the mother was open to the seduction. And made it 

effortless. What I mean by this is that her son, in the stories, drops his pants 

and she suddenly falls to her knees to suckle him and claims her desire for her 

own blood even as his seed coats her face.

Now this was unrealistic, of course, but it held some truth. If I could get 

mother to volunteer herself, to submit initially to my desire, then my fantasies 

could become true.

There was two problems with my idea. One, that it was based upon my own normally 

very chaste mother willingly spreading her own legs for me - just not very 

believable I thought. The second, how to change her from a lover to a slave?







The email from George simply stated that the next phase had started and I had 

three months to reply with a positive conclusion to the task. It ended with a 

note telling me that I could ask for help if needed.







I knew my mom better than any of the Club members - I have sat across from her 

at nearly every meal for the whole of my life. I have shared our home for the 

same length of time. I had seen her in her glory, dressed to perfection and I 

had seen her laying upon the couch sick and puking into a bucket. I have even 

seen her in a bikini as she tanned, though was too naive at the time to even 

notice her beauty.

No matter what I read of the real-live accounts, the only way I could seduce mom 

was using this knowledge that I've gained over the years.

For starters, I knew mom respected my privacy and she assumed I respected hers 

as well. Never did my door open without a knock or did she assume a path for me, 

in life in general I mean, that she did not discuss with me first.

As well, mother was a prude. Nudity was not okay within our house - even skimpy 

clothing was simply not acceptable. If not for that chance sight of seeing her 

nude, there is little doubt that I would never have seen a thing. She dressed 

respectfully and knew how to dress to show off her figure, yet it was always 

classy and professional.

Then there was the lack of my parents sex life - at least from what I knew of 

it. None of the interesting sounds that I've read about ever escaped from my 

parents room. I'm certain they must couple, but they kept it quiet. Let alone 

with dads constant travelling, that they must not have many chances to indulge. 

I just couldn't picture my two parents having sex.

How best to use what I know of her to make her kneel before my hard shaft of 

love?

Then it hit me, as I lay in the dark a week after George's email.

I won't seduce her I will just let her know my intentions.

Crazy huh?







Mom picked up the phone and was immediately nervous, "My god Jammie, is there 

something wrong?" I never phoned her at work and my moms secretary must have 

warned her that it was her son calling.

I wiped my palms on my jeans, very nervous.

"No nothing mom...", I could say it to her face to face, this initial notice of 

my intentions for her, but chose to do it over the phone. Your right, I am such 

a coward, "... I just wanted to tell you something?"

Mother was a busy woman, I knew, but I also knew she would find time to talk to 

her son. I could almost see her silently guiding everyone out of her office, if 

she had visitors, and waving for her secretary to close her door.

A short pause, and I knew she had just done what I envisioned, "Yes darling, 

what is it?"

What I was about to do was going to change my relationship with my mom for the 

rest of our lives. If it worked, nirvana, if not... well despair and loneliness.

"I love you mom." It was barely a whisper.

A short pause, "I love you too honey."

"No... I mean I love you." A longer pause. "And I want to make love to you."

I thought I heard something fall on the other end of the phone, a cup of tea 

perhaps? Then a muffled, "Shit!"

I can picture what mom wore when she left this morning, I had discretely watched 

her as she left the house. A tan slack suit with white blouse and heels. Had she 

had her legs crossed and holding a mug of coffee or a cup of tea when I revealed 

my desire? Did she have her jacket off and the top of her breasts revealed where 

the blouse was opened? Had she just moistened her lips with her pointed tongue?

Did her nipples harden at what I just said?

"Jammie, we will talk about this when I get home." Her voice was even and hard 

to read, I imagined her barely contained rage and bewilderment. How would she 

handle this - me?

Ginny Bently, my mother, hung up the phone.

It didn't go that bad I thought even as I hung up as well.

I thought the worst part was over... I was wrong.







I wasn't home when mom arrived, as planned. My sister and mother sat at the 

table when I arrived, half finished their supper. Dad had left this morning as 

well, another trip, for a week this time.

I ignored mom's glare and dished out the leftover food before sitting across 

from my younger sister. She felt the tension and excused herself with a smile of 

satisfaction, thinking I was in deep trouble simply by the way mom was acting.

Mom watched me for many long minutes, and I ignored her, gulping down my milk as 

I knew she hated.

She half whispered, since her daughter was downstairs in family room watching 

television, and half growled at me, "What the hell has gotten into you!" It 

wasn't really a question.

I finally looked at her, I mean I really looked at her. I saw that she was 

wearing what I imagined her wearing when I called her office, hours before. And 

I purposely left my eyes upon the thrust of her chest.

Mom stood up rapidly, "You little horny bastard." Her napkin fell to the floor 

and she bent to retrieve it, I had a generous view of her teardrop shaped ass. 

She must have realized this about the same time that her hand enclosed the 

napkin and she jerked up, spun about, and glared at my gentle smile and piercing 

eyes.

What I said next startled her, "Can you leave the bathroom door unlocked tonight 

mother?" She spun about to retreat too quickly and one foot caught the chair 

that my sister forgot to push back to the table. Mom half fell, catching herself 

against the counter. Her eyes again spun to me and saw my same smile and leering 

gaze.

I finished my meal much more nervous than I think I looked.







Hours later, I heard the shower stop and I went down the hallway to its door. I 

heard mother shuffling about behind it. I enclosed my teenage hand upon the 

handle and loudly attempted to open it. The shuffling stopped, and I tried 

several times to open it.

I retired back to my room, the smile genuine.







Mother slammed my door shut behind her, not even knocking as was the custom. My 

younger sister had just left for soccer practice, as it was Saturday 

mid-morning, and mother must have waited till we were alone in the house.

She wore her traditional white terry-cloth robe and slippers and her eyes had 

bags under them - I doubt she had a restless night sleep.

This time she ignored my gaze, "What the hell has gotten into you Jammie?"

I didn't answer, what could I say - that I wanted to join a Club where all the 

members fuck their mothers? Well maybe later, but it was too premature right now 

for such a statement.

Instead of an answer I turned to look out my window and sitting up in my bed. I 

had planned for this moment, though had anticipated it late last night instead 

of this morning. No matter.

Her voice had been much less stressed than it had yesterday at the supper table, 

but I imagined it to be a facade to her anger and confusion.

Mother came over to my bedside and sat down upon the edge, turning her head to 

look at me. "Listen darling, its perfectly natural..."

I had even anticipated this parental discussion, but it disgusted me so I 

interrupted, "Why didn't you unlock the bathroom door last night mom?" I 

couldn't look at her, else I was afraid I would screw this confrontation up.

That stalled her, "Its... just not right Jammie!" I could hear her barely 

contained rage return as it caused her voice to reverberate.

I knew I had to do it and took hold of the edge of my blanket, "Is this right 

mother?" I spun aside my blanket revealing my hard penis thrusting upwards, an 

innocent picture of my mother next to my hip and a dirty panty of hers draped 

over my cock, my circumcised head poking through the hole of one leg.

She simply stared at it, mouth wide open, in surprise and, I wondered, disgust.

Ginny Bently, mother, again could not escape from me fast enough.







Okay, so I wanted to shock mother with my desires - to this end, I knew I was 

successful. I could even hear the sobs of despair from her room, which I 

ignored, though it tore my heart out. It was necessary unfortunately.

An hour later, mother knocked upon my door. "Come in mom."

She did and I added, "You never have to knock to come into my room again 

mother." She ignored my statement.

Mom had worn the most dowdy clothing she could find, sweat pants and large 

sweater. Her hair was in disarray and her eyes puffy from crying.

"You look lovely mother - delicious." I smiled at her and her entrance stalled 

in my doorway.

"I want you to leave Jammie." She couldn't look at me and stared at my rug 

instead. "Go to your uncles place, he is expecting you."

My uncle was a couple of years older than mom, lived alone in the city, a 

successful business man and was rumoured to be gay.

I think not!

"No."

She sighed deeply and I thought her ready to break into tears right there. 

Mother looked almost alien, I've never seen her like this before. As I've said, 

it was necessary.

"He expects you to be there before supper time today."

"No."

"I left money on the kitchen table, enough for the bus ride into the city and 

some extra for you."

"I'm not going mother."

I saw a tear escape her eye and roll down her cheek.

"What have I done wrong Jammie, why are you treating me like this?"

I wasn't prepared for this question and had to pause before answering. "How 

would you like me to treat you mom - would you rather you wake up bound and 

gaged? You always taught me to be honest and open with you."

My harsh words surprised her.

"Is that what you want honey - to hurt your mother?" As I was doing now, I could 

almost hear her say. Instead mom was determined to be the strong person I have 

always known, the mediator and mother.

I practised several answers in my mind before replying. "I do not want it to 

come to that mom... but I will if you leave me no choice."

That comment must have stilled her heart. There was definitely no way to go back 

to our prior relationship now. I had just told her that I was willing to rape 

her just to enjoy my lust for her.

Her voice was becoming near hysterical, "Do you think your father would sit by 

and let you do this?"

I shrugged, lost on her since I doubt she could see through her tear-filled 

eyes. "I'm not asking for his permission."

"If you touch me Jammie, you'll spend years in jail!" Her voice had risen an 

octave.

"You would do that mother - send me to jail?"

The silence was thick and I was nervous for an answer but as the seconds turned 

into minutes, I had it. Mother could not send me to jail, the humiliation upon 

herself alone, would not be characteristic of her.

I ventured a question, "Would you do something for me mom?"

She whipped a tear away from an eye and I could see her hands trembling, she was 

fearful of my question.

"Could you make chicken sandwiches for lunch mom?"

She sobbed, paused for nearly a minute and then nodded affirmatively as she left 

my room.

I let out a huge breath, and felt my hands quivering when I let go of the arms 

of the chair I had been sitting in.



So You Want to be a Member?: Chapter 2





As I sat at the kitchen table, openly enjoying her movements, she made lunch for 

my sister and I. When my brat of a sister called from a friends house to tell me 

that she was spending the rest of the day their, I silently praised my luck. 

Mother never said a word when I related the message.

She sat and stared at the wall as I ate my sandwich.

When it was done she asked what I think she had been holding out for so long, 

"What happens now?"

She wondered if she would awaken at night, bound and gagged - and probably even 

picturing her son naked with his hard cock thrusting cock aimed towards her. I 

had revealed myself to her, the image could come easily to her.

I wished her sweater was not so large and bulky, I wanted to know if her nipples 

were hard and even contemplated asking her this. So many answers came to mind, 

even as blunt as telling her to drop to her knees right now to suck my cock. It 

was too early, to ask her this, I knew.

"I think you should go take a nice long bath." That startled her into looking up 

into my face. "You look like hell mom." I tried to smile at her but was feeling 

extremely nervous myself.

"And then what?"

"Then nothing. Well, maybe we could watch a movie this afternoon?"

She breathed deeply and asked yet again, "Thats it?"

I nodded and smiled, unsuccessfully attempting to get her to smile back.

Finally mom nodded her acceptance and stood to do as I asked. When she was 

nearly out of the kitchen I added, "Don't lock the bathroom door mother."

She didn't even turn back.







It was two hours later when she descended the stairs, she looked better but wore 

different bulky clothing this time. She sat down on the couch with me, as 

physically far away as she could get while still being on the same couch.

I paused the sound on the television and turned to her, "Did you unlock the door 

mom?"

She was staring at the images on the screen and nodded affirmatively.

I got up to make us a bowl of popcorn, another old western was starting in a few 

minutes. I hide my smile of triumph.







I thought about pushing the envelope and descending upon her with a hard cock 

and hungry mouth - but I knew that I wanted something more than a quick plunge 

of my dick inside her body. I wanted her to be my slave, a slut to a member of 

the Club. I wanted to ask applicants to reach out and slip a finger into my own 

mothers cunt while my co-members sat in a circle about the two of them.

I had her phone my uncle to tell him not to expect me, and though she was 

certainly scared she did as I asked.

Sunday evening, I had asked her... no thats incorrect, I told her not to lock 

the door to the bathroom ever again. She never answered but I listened the next 

morning and did not hear the noticeable sounds of the bathroom lock. Another 

victory I praised myself.

The week went by and I never made any overtures to mother. I didn't even test 

the bathroom door. Oh certainly I had leered at her, especially in the mornings 

when she dressed in her business attire and look very professional and to me, 

very sexy. And did not hide my lust for her body from her, in fact I wanted her 

to see the looks I gave to her.

The only thing I did do, the next Saturday evening an hour before dad was to 

arrive, was to yell out, "Mom, could you come here a moment?" I was in my room 

and she in the kitchen below.

A few minutes latter, a tentative knock came upon my door. Mom's head poked in 

after I told her to enter. I could see that she was fearful, knowing all that 

had transpired between us the weekend before was not complete.

She was wearing nicer clothing than she had worn at home the week before, her 

anticipation for dad being home obvious. Was he looking forwards to fucking my 

mom? While he pounded his cock into her body, would she remember the sight of 

her son's hard cock with her panties draped over it? Or maybe should would not 

even let the old man touch her - would he even try?

She didn't want to be here, in my room a reminder of what happened a week 

before.

Off handedly I asked, "After dad falls asleep, come to my room please." It 

wasn't really a question actually, I thought it proper if she began to get used 

to my orders.

Perhaps she had thought that with my father in the house she was safe from her 

sons incestuous demands and looked completely taken back at my request. She 

nodded negatively, her mouth open without a sound coming out. I strode two steps 

forwards and stood less than a foot from her, "Did you really think my desire 

for you stopped when dad was home?"

"Jammie this has got to stop - its impossible what you want. Your father will 

find out and I will not go willingly." She had to consciously lower her voice, 

as it had gotten louder with each word, and my sister was liable to hear us.

I smiled, or attempted to, "Then I will rape you."

It was spoken so simply and so evenly, that mother just stood wide eyed, looking 

into my own. Into my soul.

"You wouldn't?"

I smiled smugly.

She nearly spat at me, "I will come to you, you little bastard, but I will not 

let you fuck me!"

Even as she left, I whispered loud enough for her to hear, "Yes you will slut." 

She was visibly shaken as my door closed.







George's email arrived inquiring into my progress just after my family went to 

bed, and I gave him a synopsis of what was going on. I was proud of my 

accomplishments - the highest was simply revealing my lust to my mother and 

standing up to a parental figure.

His reply came a few minutes later, warning me to beware of the game I played. 

And gave the example of one applicant that could not join the Club, as his own 

mother had cut his penis from his body before putting it into the garburator.

That chilled me enough that it stilled my cockiness.

The door silently opened and I turned to see mom enter into my room







It may sound, through all this, that I was a rock of dominant desire. That I 

simply related to my own flesh and blood, humiliating a person I loved so 

dearly, in a cold heartless mode.

Not true.

I was scared shitless. I have no idea what dad would do if he found out about my 

cold demands upon my own mother, his wife. I do have little doubt that my person 

would not come away intact.

It was all balanced on the edge of a great cliff.

The future of my life was precariously waffling between disaster and nirvana. I 

had made the conscious decision that nirvana was the path I wanted, and I had 

even made conclusions on how to make this happen. Of course it was based upon 

the impossible condition that my mother kneel down, open my pants and suck my 

cock deep into her mouth. As crazy as that sounds, it seemed to make sense to me 

that first week.

Now I wasn't so sure.

The fear that I was able to hide away, even as I told my mom that I wanted her 

to not lock the door to the bathroom, was starting to overload me.

It was nearly impossible for me to order mother, with dad only a short ways down 

the hallway, to come to me this evening. Was I going to fuck her? Suck her? Come 

over her face and tits?

Impossible, I was too fucking scared to even get it up I was sure.







I watched mom come into my room upon her bare feet, her cotton nightgown hiding 

everything from her neck to ankle. I was seated at my computer, working on 

school work, trying to take my mind away from the home life that I had created 

for myself.

She stood near the door and would not meet my eyes but as the seconds turned to 

minutes she shifted upon her feet and began to wrung her hands together.

"Lets get this over with Jammie."

Get what over with?

Had mother concluded that she must give herself to me to still the tension 

between us? Did her logic believe that her son was infatuated with his mature 

but attractive mother and that my interest would wane if she only gritted her 

teeth and allowed me a few minutes of lust upon her?

Its not what I wanted.

She went over to the bed and sat upon the edge, her hands still grappling 

together. I only watched her, grasping the arms of my chair painfully, so she 

could not see them tremble.

"Well?" Both of her hands came up to her throat, trembling as violently as I'm 

sure my own were, to begin unbuttoning her nightgown.

How could I stop this? Did I want too?

No, of course not. I had fantasied and jerked off to this woman, yes my very own 

mother, for such a long time. Now here she sat in my room preparing herself for 

me, her son!

"Stop Ginny." My use of her name was probably more startling that my command 

for her to stop disrobing. Her robe was open to her navel, and though I saw much 

pale skin beneath, and as erotic as it was, nothing overtly sexual was revealed.

She looked at me in surprise, her hands an inch from the next button, trembling. 

"This is what you wanted?"

Indeed!

I had to change the subject, something that I had wondered since I asked her 

here earlier today. If I didn't, I wouldn't have the strength to continue, and I 

would... take her offer.

"Did dad fuck you mom?"

She looked at me with an open mouth, startled, her hands dropping down to her 

lap. Finally, "That is none of your business!" Mom looked rather mad.

"It is my business." I stood up and locked my bedroom door. "You come here to 

fuck me and I would like to know if you are soiled?" My knees almost buckled 

when I turned about, so unsteady I was.

She just stared at me in anger and surprise.

Then finally, "If you must know, no your father and I did not make love."

I had something else to latch upon, "'Make love', doesn't he ever just fuck you 

mom?"

"Jammie please!" Tears were coming to her eyes.

I had guessed after the last weekend, that when tears were in her eyes she was 

susceptible, and weaker of spirit. I could not allow her to just run away as she 

had last weekend, but to confront her as the tears flowed. And then I should 

have a certain advantage over my own parent.

"I'm your mother!" She had forgotten her open nightgown, though nothing but the 

curve of a sexy round breast could be seen.

I had to keep on the offensive, she looked so sexy seated there that I worried 

that I would ruin all and simply give into my passions. The prospects that the 

Club offered were so much better than a single tumble in the hay. "Your also a 

woman who needs a good hard cock right mom?"

The other eye teared up.

"In fact, I think you are a sexy woman would needs nothing more than to become a 

slut for a hard young cock!"

Tears rolled down her cheeks.

"How can you be so cruel to me?"

"Well is it true?"

"I'm your mother... my god!" She hid her face in her hands, her elbows upon her 

knees and sobbed.

I couldn't stop, though the sight of her tore my heart asunder. "Do you want to 

know why mom?" I didn't need to explain what the subject was, I'm sure she had 

been thinking of it more than I since I reviled my interest in her.

Her head simply nodded but she didn't even stop sobbing.

"I want to join a club mom." She pulled her face from her hands and stared at me 

through bleary eyes, I'm sure wondering what this had to do with it. "And to be 

a member of this club I had to fuck a family member."

When I saw the horror in her face, I knew she misunderstood what I was saying.

Mother suddenly thought that it was her or my younger sister that I must 

prostitute. That I chose her, she may think, it a mixed blessing and a horrible 

nightmare.

She whipped away the salty tears from her face and nodded. "I will do this thing 

for you Jammie."

I understood the misunderstanding and I knew what she referred too, but I had to 

push the envelope. "What 'thing' mom?"

"Do I have to say it?"

I just stared at her.

"I will sleep with you honey. It is what you need to join this club right?" Did 

she think she understood it all? That her son was under some peer pressure to 

have one of the female members of his family submit sexually for him to join?

"Not exactly." Her mother opened silently again, surprise and horror showing in 

her sad eyes. "I can't just fuck you to join mom."

It was excruciating, the wait, and mother could not pause any longer. "Tell me 

please Jammie?"

"I must turn this person into a slave."

She tested the word, "'Slave'?"

"My slave."

Mom just looked around my room, as if looking for some piece of physical 

evidence that helped her understand how her son ended up demanding such 

grotesque things from his own mother.

It was enough for this evening, "Get out of my room mother." I I turned, 

unlocked my door, and held it open for her.

Half stumbling, mother stood quickly and moved to the open doorway and, what she 

may now feel as, safety. She was safe in no place.

Ginny stopped in my doorway, the rest of the house dark and silent, she lifted 

a trembling hand to my cheek and touched me almost tenderly, yet I knew it was a 

ruse before she even spoke. Mom whispered, "Please Jammie, don't do this to me. 

No membership is this important darling."

I had to reply, "I don't care about the Club mother", it was a lie of course but 

only partially, "I just want you to be my slave."

For the first time in my life, I roughly touched my mother as I pushed between 

her shoulder blades, pushing her out of my room. Silently closing the door 

behind her.

I couldn't sleep a wink that night.







Dad left Monday morning, another trip.

Mom kissed him at the door with her robe still on and when the door closed, 

turned to me lowered her eyes and then the tears begin. As she did not have a 

real job, in the sense of most people, her charity work often allowed her to 

work only part time. Today, she was staying home.

I thought of pushing our relationship a step further at that moment, but my 

sister had not gone to school as yet. Though I did have ideas for later.







Mom thought I had left for school, but instead I had simply left the house - 

watched and waited for my baby sister to leave before I returned.

The house was silent as I crept up to the main bathroom, upstairs.

Mother had been disappointed when the house we had purchased a few years before 

had the oversized whirlpool tube in the large shared bathroom and not in the 

private bathroom off the main suite. It was always a loss of privacy, if only 

peripherally.

So when I gently laid my hand upon the door catch and turned it slowly, it was 

obviously unlocked as it turned effortlessly. Silently I pushed the door 

inwards.

The large white tiled room was spotless, our housekeepers diligently kept all of 

our home that way, per mothers instructions, with the large iron tub opposite 

from the doorway. Mom was laying back, with her head upon the smooth curve of 

the back of the tub, her shoulder-length brown hair draped behind her. The jets 

were not turned on but she had added a huge amount of bubbles to the hot 

steaming water. So much so, that I was a little disappointed that I could not 

see anything.

I'm not sure what it was that alerted her to my entrance, but she suddenly 

jerked up to a sitting position and covered her bubble covered breasts with both 

arms.

"My god!" At first it was simply the surprise at someone entering the bathroom, 

when she thought the house empty. Then she realized that her son, the one that 

lusted after her and had revealed his intention of having her submit as some 

form of modern-day submissive slut by either raping her or having her humiliate 

herself by subverting herself on her own free will.

"I thought you were at school Jammie!"

It wasn't a question, and she looked very angry. She was in mother 'mode', 

ignoring that I had intruded upon her private sanctuary, the bathtub. I thought 

I saw a twinge of fear in her eyes, it was enough to give me added strength.

"Decided to go in late today." She opened her mouth to chastise me... mother was 

still not accepting what I was forcing upon her, that her son was no longer her 

little boy. If anything, she was becoming my little girl, I thought 

leacherously.

"Just thought we could talk a little more." We both knew I wasn't interested in 

talking.

I strode the few feet to the edge of the tub and sat down upon the sturdy towel 

rack next to it. My knees were touching the white metal tub.

"I love you mom." The gentle statement of love startled her and she looked down 

at the bubbles of her tub, not able to ignore what has passed between us.

I reached into the tub, approximately above where her feet lay submerged. Mom 

jerked noticeably and froze... then sighed thankfully as my hand returned from 

the bubbles with the large sea sponge.

"Turn around mom, I'll wash your back."

I could tell she didn't like this, and there was fear in her eyes, the anger 

quickly disapaiting. As she paused I commented with a smirk, "You were ready to 

fuck me only a few nights ago and now you don't want me to wash your back?"

Ginny frowned and realized my logic was sound, if nothing else she did not 

want the confrontation that would happen if she didn't do this little 'innocent' 

thing. My blunt words hung in the air like a thick fog.

With her shoulders just above the water line, and her chest well hidden by 

water, bubbles and two arms, mother shuffled upon her bottom to turn about and 

push her back to my end of the tub.

I had been rubbing soap into the rough sponge as I watched her move, 

disappointed I was not able to see more of her delightful body. When she rolled 

her shoulders forwards and lowered her head, exposing her strong white back, but 

almost submerging her face into the suds, I thanked her.

My hand didn't touch her but the sponge did, I began to rub up and down the 

length of her back. Even going below the waterline to the edge of her ass, which 

caused her to tense each time I did. I took my time, alternating from soft to 

hard strokes.

I'm sure she loved it.

"Jammie?"

"Yea mom?" I could almost imagine our new life together, that she would ask 

permission to ask me a question, her Master. I imagined it may even be like 

this, perhaps without the thick expectancy about the room though.

"Why didn't we... you know?"

She meant the other night, when she had come to me to offer herself. Was she 

wondering why I demanded that she submit herself and then deny myself her 

offering?

"You did not want too."

She could not deny this and didn't.

"You have always instilled honesty in us mom and I have always loved you." 

Nothing from her, but I wondered if her eyes were again clouding up with tears. 

"I hate what is happening between us."

She barely whispered, "It is your doing my son."

"I didn't know how else to get you to... understand what I want."

A pause, "What is it you really want honey?"

It was strange, talking like this. The tension and memories so vivid, let alone 

the alien environment of sharing my mothers bath with her. I think we both 

attempted to still our passionate responses, contrary to each others I am sure, 

to have this time to talk frankly. I think we could both agree that this method 

of communication was better than me making a statement, her yelling a response, 

me growling another, and her running off to cry for an hour.

"I told you mom." Did I? What was more important, to get mother into my bed or 

to join the Club? Since they went hand in hand, I wanted both didn't I?

That caused another long silence.

She tried again, "Is it what you want or what you have to do to join this club?"

I thought for a long few seconds but I knew I had the answer before she asked, 

"You have been in my fantasies for a long time mom - before I even knew about 

the Club." It was true after all!

She didn't say a word or move an inch, so I continued. "I didn't ever put much 

thought in making my fantasies reality until I learned about the Club and I read 

about how some of their members did it."

"Can you tell me a little about this Club?" I had expected another harsh 

response and was proud that she had spoken rationally instead.

I wondered if I could tell her? Though it was secret, the slaves of the members 

must be privy to at least some of the things. I thought to tell of some of what 

she would learn anyways, simply by being a slave to a member of the Club.

I had to still my thumping heart at that thought, mother as my slave!

"I don't know too much but I will tell you what you want to know?"

Her back was very clean, even red by the rough sea sponge, by this time but 

neither of us made a move, by word or action, to stop my strokes.

"How did you find out about it?"

"Rumour mostly."

"Do you know any of the other members?"

"Just one."

A short pause, "Have you yet met his... mother?" His slave she almost said.

"No." But it was an interesting thought, intriguing to put a face to the images 

that I had imagined. "But he did tell me quite a bit about her."

That interested her, "Like what Jammie?"

"How he got her to be his slave and that she was not near as pretty as you were. 

He even said I was lucky to have such a pretty mother."

She sat silently for a while, "Was it difficult?"

"What was 'difficult' mom?"

She cleared her throat, "How she eventually...", she could not say it.

I saved her, "Yes it was difficult."

"Tell me please dear?"

I told her just as George had told me. I thought I saw her shiver when I was 

finished.

A very long pause and she only spoke after I gave up stroking her back, it was 

nearly red raw anyways. "Why did you not... rape me Jammie?"

That made me wonder if she wished that she awoke bound with her son stroking a 

hard cock before her. Yet how could a mother, my mother I should add, wish for 

such a thing. It was unthinkable.

"I... I did not want to hurt you."

There I said it - did she realize that I could never hurt her as I had 

threatened? Could she just scream at me now and know that her privacy was safe, 

as I could not do that next step to force my desires upon her?

Then what she said surprised me, "It might have been easier Jammie." Barely a 

whisper and I don't think I was even intended to hear the statement.

Yet I could not just ignore it. I could not hide the surprise and anger from my 

voice, "It would have been easier if I had raped you mother?"

Nothing for a very long time. "Mom!" It was a new voice that I used with her, 

not shouting but more of a loud bark, a command.

Ginny jumped. Mom slowly turned back around, to her original position.

Most of the bubbles had disintegrated, as they do, over the last few minutes, so 

that I could see down into the clear water and both her arms still about her 

chest. I could see the delicious curvature of those sexy round boobs.

She spoke calmly, after a long deep breath, "Did you ever wonder what hurt you 

are now doing to me?"

I'm surprised tears were not in her eyes and that she was looking at me 

directly.

"You are demanding that I give myself to you willingly aren't you honey?" I 

simply nodded, it was what I wished for. And I was a little glad she knew what I 

wanted without me actually voicing it. "If you had taken me against my will, 

raped me", she paused and swallowed slowly, "then I would not have to come to a 

terrible decision." She rushed to finished when she saw that I was about to 

comment, "To commit incest of my own free will!"

It was true - it made sense. Strange as it seemed, if I had drugged or bound mom 

and she awoke to find her son pounding himself into her body, the decision would 

have been made for her. Though she still had to come to the realization that 

what was being done was permanent, not a one-off type of deal. And my method, 

the one that I thought would save her from harm, was actually hurting her more 

by forcing her to decide. Of course she was being coerced into deciding in my 

favour, but she still had to make that conscious decision.

I suddenly felt rather down.

Without a word I left her to her tub.







George had received my email and did not reply, I had revealed what has happened 

between mother and I to date. And how I felt this guilt for what I had thought 

was the best way to get what I wanted, rather than forcing her to submit.

Instead George met me outside of my last class the next day and nodded for me to 

follow him.

Outside was a large Mercedes with a voluptuous older woman in the passenger seat 

waiting for us. George got behind the wheel and I sat behind the older woman.

No word was spoken and the woman looked to George several times but nothing was 

said. The resemblance was obvious, the older woman was his mother.

I thought we were going back to the Club's conference, with a pillow case over 

my head yet again. It wasn't too be.

Instead, we drove out of the suburb, towards the surrounding farmland.

When finally George pulled off the road onto a rough gravel road that spiralled 

several times till it came to a dead end, surrounded by trees.

He turned off the purring engine and turned in his seat towards me.

"Loosing sight of whats at stake aren't you?" It was obvious of course, I had 

written my heart out to him.

"I would never tell anyone about what I know..."

"Shut up for a second okay?" It wasn't spoken that roughly but I immediately 

became silent and nodded in agreement. "Do you realize how many boys, like 

yourself, have gotten this far and just could not complete their task?"

He meant, fucking their mothers. It didn't matter to me though.

George turned to the older woman, patiently silent beside him, "Get the fuck out 

of the car Glenda." She didn't seem to mind his harsh words, and opened the 

door. She stood next to the car, hands in her pockets and lower lip shivering in 

the chill afternoon air. Through the door her son commanded, "Get naked slut."

I watched surprised and with growing interest as this voluptuous forty-plus 

woman looked around nervously but didn't hesitate to start disrobing.

George watched for a few long seconds before turned back to me, "Its so cold that 

she'll freeze out there right?" I nodded, already I saw her nipples were rocks 

beneath the huge white bra she wore. "But she'll stand out their all night if I 

tell her too." I had seen that look in her eyes when she watched her son drive, 

almost desiring a command from him, waiting for her to slip into the radius of 

his desire - and I doubted him not.

But it wasn't just about power - the power to cause a person to willingly 

freeze, perhaps to death, than to disobey.

I turned back to look at his mother and saw that she was down to only her smoke 

coloured stockings - these were rolled off immediately.

I've never seen a naked woman before, even with the glass separating us, she was 

so close I could see the small, normally invisible, small hairs on her upper 

thigh stand up in the cold. Or her nipples, that were wide and dark brown but 

also had deep crevices or wrinkles - probably from the cold. She never even 

looked in my direction, only through the open door at her son.

George saw my hungry look.

"What if that was Ginny out their instead of my mom?" I was surprised that I 

was actually startled at his comment. "Standing out there in the cold, waiting 

for your nod to come back into the warmth. Naked. Anything Jammie - do you 

understand? Your mother would do anything for you?"

He turned to his mom, standing almost at attention, freezing cold. "Get in here 

mom."

Her chubby body rushed to get into the car, but first dropped to retrieve her 

discarded clothing. She shivered and sat silently, leaving her clothes at her 

feet. The door quickly closed immediately after she sat.

George simply reached over, placed his hand upon the top of her head and gently 

guided her downwards. There was no resistance and I could tell George didn't 

expect any. I couldn't see where she ended up, but I knew of course.

The top of Glenda's head began to bob above her son's lap.

George turned and smiled at me, "Do you understand whats at stake here Jammie?"

For the first time I spoke, "I think so." I did.

"I don't share Glenda with anyone else." That surprised me, one of the things I 

imagined were Club orgies with older ladies as the prime pieces to be devoured 

and shared. He saw my furled brow. "Oh its not mandatory, not at all." He sighed 

and reach across the front see to slip his hand between the cheeks of his 

mothers generous ass. "Each member's slave is his alone to share or not. I 

choose not too." He roughly lifted his mothers head by her curly head of hair, 

"Isn't that right slut?"

She gasped and I could see the saliva upon her lips and chin, "Yes Master. Thank 

you Master" He pushed her back down.

"Part of knowing the boundaries of having a slave." He chuckled but it quickly 

turned to a sigh as his mothers head bobbed perfectly in time to some silent 

time-piece. "I knew that I could get mother to spread her legs for me, even to 

submit to me - but I knew her boundary was forcing her to spread for others."

I just had to ask, "And right now?"

George smiled and shrugged, "You will learn that sharing is not the same is being 

an exhibitionist. In fact, to prove that you had passed the previous phases, the 

Club will need proof." Was he saying I would have to show that my mother was a 

slave, my slave?

His hand that had slipped between the cheeks of her wide ass were making a small 

noise that I noticed, a sloppy wet sloshing sound. I realized that he was 

fingering her sex and that sex was wet - very wet.

George turned forwards in the car, let his head fall back to the head rest, 

closed his eyes and signed. Glenda kept up her pace but with little flutters of 

her chubby skin in time to the sloshing from between her legs.

I watched, listened and thought even as George came with a gasp and Glenda 

swallowed loudly.







I had fallen into a different world that what I had known up to a month ago. 

Sitting in the back seat of a car while a guy, my own age, got a blow job by his 

own mother. Even fingering her, afterwards, to an orgasm of her own. I remember 

the smell of his mothers passion, it had filled the car with its heady scent.

Let alone talking so calmly to my mother about raping her, fucking her and 

having her kneel as my slave so I could join a Club of similar guys.

It was all so surreal.

Mom had asked my sister to sleep over at her friends for the night, it was 

Friday so no school tomorrow. I learned this when I got home and as naive as I 

was, I did not think much about it.

Mother was dressed in her professional work attire and served me a generous 

supper that was one of my favourites. She chatted animatedly, about school and 

my friends but ignoring the pressing issue between us. I was nervous to continue 

our conversations, after our last, but I did want too.

With supper over and dessert but a memory, mom asked as I started to rise from 

the table, "Honey, could we talk some more?"

I didn't ask about what the main subject was.

"Sure mom."

I was going to suggest my bedroom, hoping, when she finished cleaning the 

kitchen she quickly added, "I'll meet you in the living room in a few minutes 

okay darling?" It was a neutral place and seemed to be 'safer' than my room.

I retreated and already felt my palms moisten. I had no idea what to expect, 

though I assumed it would break out into more threads and loud threatening 

voices.

Mother came in wearing her apron above her business clothing, closed the tall 

curtains, and then sat next to me on the couch facing me. Our living room was so 

rarely occupied, me and my sister spending our time in the family room in the 

basement that it felt almost alien in the large clean silent room.

"Honey... I have been thinking a lot about what we had talked about."

"So have I mom." Would I tell her that I almost retreated from my desires, that 

I would plead for her to forgive me and that I would never suggest such things 

to her again?

Of course I couldn't. I no longer felt that way for one. Watching Glenda give 

her son head and then the sounds of her wet cunt and sighs were enough to 

convince this virgin teenager! Closing my eyes, I could almost hear the graphic 

of her sex and the smell that it produced. Did my mothers sex get that wet, what 

smell, if any accompanied it?

She moved forwards on the couch, her nylon clad knees touching my own denim 

covered knee, her two hands, cold, reached and held my own. I ignored her gaze, 

though mom tried to meet my own.

"I love you honey."

"I love you too mom." I've never doubted that - did she know, even with my 

demands, that it was true?

She smiled sweetly then continued, "I want to ask you something okay?"

I shrugged, "Sure." I signed, thinking mom was about to attempt to talk her way 

out of my demands, only the memory of George and his mom gave me the extra 

strength to go on.

"If I was to agree... that you would never hurt me?"

My eyes rose to meet her own, her question and the meaning behind took me 

totally by surprise.

Mother was biting her bottom lip, anxious and scared at my answer - probably at 

the even asking the question. I could see the goose-bumps raising her tiny hairs 

upon her arm. And amazed, I could see through her white blouse to the white bra 

beneath and the hard points of two nipples pointing at me.

It was my turn, I felt like crying, and my eyes even watered up for a second. Of 

course I didn't and she had seen this reaction in me and the corners of her 

mouth rose slightly in a small smile.

I could never hurt her, no matter how lustful my desires were. "I love you 

mom... Ginny." She lowered her eyes at the use of her name. "I will never 

intentionally hurt you ever again." We both knew, after our last talk, that I 

had hurt her simply by wanting her to comply to my wishes.

I just had to know, "You will do all that I ask?"

She didn't answer right away but returned her eyes to my own. "I need to know 

something else Jammie?"

"If I was to agree, would you share me with others?"

I've thought about this since George had revealed more information about his 

mother and his use of her, meaning he never shared her. "Do you want me to share 

you mom?" To let others fuck her?

She looked into my eyes and nodded, "No honey I don't."

I exhaled loudly, "Good. I don't want to share you either." It was true I knew, 

the images of Club orgies and having members finger my mother had enticed me, 

but having this woman, my own flesh and blood, for my very self was more 

exciting. I'm not sure if I liked the idea of another guy fucking my mom - yes, 

I am the jealous type.

We both just sat there looking into the others eyes, our hands not moving but 

holding the other.

I then spoke up and told her of my drive to the country with George and Glenda, 

of what he did and how she reacted. "I would like to have that power mom... if 

you give it to me."

She nodded, perhaps she did understand, though I thought it impossible for a 

person to understand the dominant mind if they were, in fact, truly submissive.

Then she changed the subject just when I thought my heart could not beat any 

faster, "Your father and I, Jammie, have not been intimate for a very long time. 

I tried..." I couldn't say anything, there was nothing to say. "I... sometimes 

spend hours in the tub wondering...", she swallowed loudly and would not meet my 

eyes, "... masturbating." I was going to speak up but closed my mouth when she 

continued, what she had to say I needed to hear. "It was mostly random 

fantasies, but I always wondered what it was that would truly excite me - 

something always seemed to be missing and I had no idea what it was."

She squeezed my hand, "I never thought about you when I masturbated... until you 

spoke those words, 'I want to make love to you'." I could feel the sweat of her 

hands against the back of my own, "I could not get some graphic images out of my 

mind that whole day. Then you revealed what you really wanted... perhaps it was 

love, but it was different than what I had ever imagined."

I nodded, but she missed it as she stared at our hands. Was she looking past our 

hands at the bulge in my jeans?

"I fought hard to deny what I was feeling, what you were drawing out of me. I 

part of me wanted you to rape me, so I did not have to face the images when I 

closed my eyes, I did not want to make that decision."

I nodded again, we had spoken about this a few days before.

"I would have given myself to you that night, or any time since my son?" She 

looked into my eyes, as if to press the importance of what she was revealing. 

"You wanted more than just my body and that took longer for me to come to terms 

with."

She swallowed again and spoke the words, "I don't care about any Club but I want 

to be yours honey - its the part of me that has been missing, what I've longed 

for."

We both sat silently for several minutes, holding hands.







It was mom that broke the silence, probably five minutes later. "Will you teach 

me honey?"

That question surprised me, as I realized that fantasy was far from reality and 

I had no idea what was next. "Perhaps we shall learn together Ginny." I had 

always enjoyed her name and it just seemed right to use it at the moment.

She nodded gently, "I love you honey, please don't forget that."

"I love you too mom."

She whispered, "What do you want me to call you Jammie?"

I wondered if she had thought about this question for some time and my answer, I 

knew I had fantasied about it.

"You will call me 'Master' mom."

She nodded and smiled, though I felt her body tense up, "I love you Master."

I responded, a smile upon my own face, "I love you too Slave."

Mother signed and a violent shiver ran through her, a girlish giggle followed. 

She looked at me behind her long eye lashes.

I knew what she wanted - what I wanted.

Mom wanted to consummate our new relationship.



So You Want to be a Member?: Chapter 3





It took a lot of will-power to ask the next question, "Ginny, would you take 

your clothes off for me?" I meant it as a question, it was a test of our new 

commitment, our new life.

Mothers face brightened up and her voice rose an octave from her barely 

contained joy, "Right now darling?"

"Master!" I barked.

She smiled and lowered her eyes submissively, "Right now Master?" The sound of 

her voice speaking those words were the doorway to the nirvana, the fantasies, 

that I imagined for so long.

"Right now." I pulled my hands away from hers.

Mother rushed to stand, her hands already fumbling with the knot of her kitchen 

apron. Quickly it was pulled from her body and she threw it behind me, behind 

the couch.

Big deal you may think, but the sight of my mother throwing a garment upon the 

floor of our immaculate living room was another blast in the face that I had 

gambled my life and won. Our house was, as mother had always wished it, perfect. 

Me and my siblings had always been taught to be conscious of our cleanliness. So 

when I see mom throw something, it could have been anything, upon the floor its 

a change in the woman I had always known.

"Where would you like me honey... Master?" She shook her head in mock disgust, 

we both needed to get used to our new roles. From the look of her face, I would 

say that she was as excited about those roles as I was.

We had a short four foot square marble table between the two couches, a table 

that I was never able to get near with sticky hands or food when I was growing 

up. "On the table mom." She didn't even hesitate. It was again proof that my 

life, our lives, were changing.

Upon her nylon feet she stepped up and then stood, feet a foot apart, directly 

in the middle. I contemplated getting her to dance to her strip tease - but I 

would rather just devour the pleasure the gentle sight of her.

I stood up and walked slowly around the short marble table - my eyes never 

leaving the woman standing in the middle of it.

Mother was wringing her hands together nervously and biting her bottom lip - but 

I could see the points of her nipples beneath her loose sheer white blouse.

To her flank I stopped and asked, thinking it was my right as her dominant - 

though I was still testing the waters and not actually knowing what, if any, my 

boundaries were, "Are your nipples hard mom?"

She barely whispered, "Yes."

It had been a redundant question, I could see them. "Does that mean your 

excited."

She nodded affirmatively, shyly.

"Answer me please?" I like the sound of her voice - her submissive voice I 

should explain.

"Yes Master, I am excited."

"Sexually excited?"

"Yes Master." She was whispering again. Was she embarrassed?

"Are they sensitive mom?"

Insane! I was asking mom if her nipples were sensitive and hard because she was 

excited.

"Very." She had barely moved her lips that time.

"Pardon?"

Louder, "Very much so Master."

"Grasp your chest in your hands mom."

She didn't move for five seconds and then I watched as her hands come up and 

moved before her. Ginny, my slave, gasped when she held each C cup in her own 

paw. I was surprised at how rough she squeezed herself, and made a mental note 

of it.

"Keep squeezing till I tell you to stop mom."

She shivered in response, as she again squeezed herself. Her eyes had closed 

some time ago, I realized.

I continued to walk about her, stopping this time directly behind her. In her 

current clothing, her business skirt was form fitting without being tight - I've 

seen her wear these type of skirts of most of my life. They showed off her 

teardrop shape - she could have been pulled from an old forties movie, the way 

she dressed and looked.

"I have always liked how you dressed for work mom." Nothing to be said but I 

thought I saw her knees quiver. "Shows off your sexy legs and great ass."

"Now move your hands to your ass", her hands were already moving, "give that big 

sexy ass a good squeeze!"

Above her clothing, her skirt, she grasped one wide soft buttock in each hand 

squeezed roughly. Mom wasn't reacting as positively as she had done when 

fondling her chest, but I could tell she enjoyed it.

I moved around to the front, alternating my gaze from her rumpled silk skirt 

that could not hide the excited hard nipples beneath to my mothers face with her 

open moist mouth and her clenched eyes. "I love this mom - watching you do what 

I ask."

Ginny's eyes opened and she looked at me as if in a daze, but she didn't say a 

word.

I wanted to hear her voice, "Hows that ass feel slave?"

"Good... Master." I could see her arms move as her hands continued to fondle and 

squeeze herself.







It was time for the next stage. One that I had been fantasizing about since the 

time I accidently saw mom in the shower. That had been barely a glance, from the 

side as she bent over, her breasts hanging down but nothing much else. White 

skin, that is what I remembered the most, and the sight of her wide surprised 

brown eyes.

I was going to see my own mother naked.

"Stop mom." She did, her hands dropping to her side but they seemed to clench 

and flex unseen flesh, though reluctantly.

I had no doubt that if I asked her to remove every stitch of clothing she would 

- her actions this evening were enough proof to me. It was all so incediblous of 

course, but somehow felt right - like this was what our relationship should be.

All it took was for me to ask.

"Take your skirt off mom."

She froze for a lengthy second before those trembling hands came up and 

unbuttoned it from the side. With a little wiggle of her sexy hips and a single 

gentle push, the skirt slipped to her feet. Mom stepped from the garment as I 

reached for it. She watched as I throw it behind me, behind the couch I had sat 

upon earlier.

Though our household was prudish, I had seen mother in this garb. Her white 

nylons going to her hips and the white cotton panty beneath. Though it wasn't 

something new, it was still exciting to know that she now did this for me and 

all that remained was but for me to ask and she would immediately remove the 

garments.

I didn't hesitate. "The blouse." I held out my hand and waited.

In seconds she placed the white blouse upon my open hand, it landed somewheres 

behind me as well.

Now she was in her bra, nylons and panties.

I thought again what she would look like in thigh-high stockings, but put that 

thought in the back of my mind for later retrieval.

"Your nylons." They were quickly discarded and then left by the low table, as I 

didn't reach for them.

She was in her bra and panties. I thought she would look very sexy in bikini, 

French cut or otherwise, or thong style panties - it would suit her curvy frame.

"Do you want to keep going mom?"

Her eyes had been open since I asked her to stop squeezing her ass, she was 

watching me nervously. I had trouble actually reading her at that moment and 

just a part of me was relieved when she answered, "Yes Master."

"Your choice slave - bra or panty?"

Her hands wrung together before her and she thought for almost a full minute 

before her hands came up and behind her. I watched, knowing my eyes grew huge, 

as the shoulder straps loosened and I saw, almost in slow motion, as her ugly 

white bra slid down her shoulders and chest.

Then it fell to the floor, already forgotten, leaving that incredible round 

breasts with dark wide brown hard nipples. She shivered violently as she waited 

for my next command, probably gauging my reaction to seeing my own mothers 

chest.

I couldn't wait any longer and caught her eye and motioned downwards, my intent 

obvious. Her thumbs hooked into the hip elastic of her panty and she pushed 

downwards.

I saw the 'V' of her pussy and didn't even notice what she did with her panty. 

Though I did notice a string of thick clear liquid link her between her legs to 

the crotch of her undergarment, only breaking and attaching to the inside of her 

thigh once the panty reached her knees.

I simply stared at her sex in awe. It was the source of my fantasies - the one 

area that was both highly desirable and impossible. This was my own mother for 

gods sake!

Yes, this was my mother.

I stared at it for some time and then looked up to find her eyes. We shared a 

long gaze. I wondered at that look; was she embarrassed of her older body, or 

was she changing her mind once her pussy was exposed, did she wonder if I 

compared her to the models in my magazines?

I returned to that magic spot. Between her soft sexy thighs, I could make out 

the cleft of her vagina... her cunt, I corrected myself... the two dark pouty 

lips and the red glistening fold poking between. The coarse brown hair about 

those lips, though sparse, seemed to glisten with the dew that I saw upon her 

inner pouting labia.

Mom was excited!

"Hands behind your head... stand straight!" She jerked to attention, following 

my barked command.

I again moved to her flank, taking in the nude sight of her. It was the first 

time, in all the time that I had fantasied about her, that I noticed her 

imperfections. Those 'C' cup breasts that hung low, were no longer firm cones 

upon her chest any longer, they had dark blue veins running through them. Her 

hips, wide and round were overly soft and had tiny white stretch marks upon 

them. Her stomach, with its slight bulge, also had stretch marks, and I could 

see that it looked more pronounced and softer than it looked beneath clothing. 

Her ankles and calves looked very fine but she also had dark blue veins behind 

her knees. Her ass, though very fine in clothing, was no longer firm either, and 

had slight dimpling from age. Her thighs, were very inviting, but also looked 

soft and had the rare dimple.

It just blurted out, "Oh god I want you!" Ginny turned her head in surprise 

and met my eyes. I was too - but I looked inwards and realized it was true. Mom 

was no model from a magazine, but a mature experienced woman. One that I've 

known for many years, one that I've fantasied and desired for so long.

Mother looked downwards and her eyes widened when she saw the obvious bulge in 

my jeans. I looked down, mostly for dramatic reasons then traced my dick with my 

index finger beneath the denim. I gasped it firmly, "This is for you mom!"

She licked her lips and thrust out her chest to inhale deeply.

"Do you want it?" I was teasing her, but I was enjoying this moment very much.

She hoarsely whispered, "Yes."

I barked, "Eyes front!" She jerked her head forwards and stared at some 

invisible spot before her. As impossible as it may seem to you and I, I was 

beginning to think mom wanted this more than I!

"Is there anything you won't do with my cock?" She jerked and I thought she 

would topple when I said the word 'cock'.

More firmly than the last reply, "No Master."

Again I moved to her front and leaned over the table, my face inches from her 

thick brown bush. Mom must have felt my breath upon her sex and thrust herself a 

couple of inches forwards, probably involuntarily. Was that my mothers scent I 

smelt?

Oh god.

It was! It was Ginny's excitement. My imagination never came close to this 

moment, the smell of her sex. It was like an aphrodisiac - I loved it.

With great will power, as my mouth watered to taste her, I stood back up and 

then climbed up upon the table with her. She was shivering uncontrollably now, 

as if cold. Though I knew she was not cold.

I leaned in and kissed her gently upon her moist warm lips. Surprised at first 

she didn't react, then she opened her mouth and tilted her head as if inviting 

me into her. I pulled away and looked into her eyes, "Would you use your mouth 

on my cock mother?"

Her eyes watered and she nodded, "Yes Master." She licked her lips and I 

imagined her mouth watering for my organ to enter her orally.

I lifted both my hands, palms towards her and pressed them into her chest. Both 

nipples, tight and hard, thrust into my palms. Mother leaned into me, pushing 

her body closer to me. I remembered her own rough touches and squeezed firmly. 

They were delicious, warm and soft.

Ginny closed her eyes and groaned.

"And these big sexy tits mom - would you wrap them around my cock?"

She barely got the words out, "God yes... Master! They ache for you darling."

I removed my hands and she groaned and almost fell forwards against her clothed 

son.

Ginny gained her balance about the same time that I suddenly cupped between 

her legs with one of my hands. Immediately I felt my two middle fingers touch a 

slimy wet slickness that seemed to draw them forwards, while the palm of my hand 

was tickled by the rough thick bush. I slipped two fingers into mothers body as 

easily as it takes to write it.

Something happened almost instantly, mother fell forwards collapsing into me as 

her body and cunt convulsed in orgasm. Her hands had come down from her head and 

she held me firmly to hold herself upright I thought, though it may have been so 

my fingers would stay submerged.

She was the first woman that I've ever touched this way, not counting that 

unknown woman at my initiation meeting. Mother was also the first that I've held 

as she orgasmed. I could even feel her cunt muscles milking my two digits as her 

body thrashed against me in uncontrollable waves.

When it appeared to be the last jerk of her body, I whispered into her ear as my 

fingers moved back and forth within her, "Would you let me fuck your cunt 

mother?" It seemed like a silly question now, but I wanted to hear her answer. 

My game was not yet over.

Speaking into my neck she answered, "Yes Master." Mom sounded exhausted, good... 

but I wasn't finished with her yet.

"On your knees slut." The word just slipped out and though she didn't seem to 

notice, it thrilled me. Calling my own mother a 'slut' was another forbidden 

step in my lust for her. I pulled my fingers from her sloppy sex and stepped 

back... she fumbled and half fell to her knees.

I stood down from the table and moved behind her. Mom got upon her hands and 

knees, and she looked incredible. Her generous round breasts hanging down, her 

round ass with wide shapely hips raised. I grunted, "Knees further apart... arch 

your back slut... lower your shoulders!" These commands didn't come from 

experience but from lust, this was how I wanted to see her kneel before me.

Her orgasm upon my fingers, seemed to release some dominant boldness in me, I 

had seen her loose herself as she came - there was no longer any secrets between 

us.

Her ass was raised wonderfully, and I saw her pouty cunt flowered open behind 

her. That was what I had fingered, touched intimately, what had caused her 

spasm. It was mine - mother is my slave!

I poked my index finger of my right hand into her cunt effortlessly, she groaned 

but otherwise sat still. Moving it round, feeling inside her and coating my 

digit with her generous spend, which was now running down the backs and insides 

of her thighs, I pulled it eventually from her body.

Mother wiggled her ass slightly, perhaps to entice me to again enter her body, 

maybe with my cock this time, her permission had been given by her submission.

Aiming, I pressed it firmly but gently against her dark brown wrinkled anal 

ring. She gasped and froze as I persistently pressed forwards.

In minutes I was in fully, to the third knuckle. "And here mother - would you 

like me fuck your tight ass hole?"

It was a long almost awkward time before she responded, and I would guess that 

she was a virgin back there and perhaps had not even imagined a cock using that 

part of her before. "If you wish Master."

It sounded imprudent, and not as submissive as she had with my other questions, 

"I will slave... I will!" It withdrew with a pop.







Nothing else was to be shown to mothers new Master, I have seen and touched it 

all. What I have not done was consummate our new relationship - I mean we have 

not yet fucked!

A hundred different methods for our first time came to mind, from simply 

slipping my dick into her right now from behind to laying upon my bed and 

letting mother lower herself upon me. Then I knew how our first coupling should 

happen and I reached forwards to grasp one white soft ass cheek to tenderly 

fondled it.

"Get your ass upstairs mom, run a bath and I'll be right up." She turned her 

head to look over her shoulder at me in surprise. "And use lots of bubbles!" Did 

she believe I would mount here upon that marble table? I so wanted too!

She didn't move at first but my gentle fondling hand withdrew and immediately 

struck downwards with a loud splat upon her soft ass. It left a bright red hand 

print immediately. Mother jumped in surprise, giggled - a sound I've never heard 

before today - then fumbled to climb off the table and rushed out of the room. I 

heard the water running upstairs within the minute.

I slowly followed, my clothes leaving a trail back to our family living room. I 

would have my slave clean our discarded clothing later - naked so I could watch. 

As I ascended the stairs I was astounded at my calmness, my hands no longer 

trembling and my heart thumping firmly. It was my cock that spoke volumes, as it 

thrust forwards before me as if guiding me to my mother, my slave.

Is this not how it is supposed to be - a young man just entering the sexual peak 

of his life and a mature experienced woman who only wished to be loved? No? Well 

how about if the young man was a member of an ultra-exclusive Club that had 

every member in exactly that lifestyle? And what if the mature woman was the 

young man's mother - does that change anything?

The door to our bathroom was open and I saw that the tub was overflowing with 

white bubbles, the floor already slippery. My slave was kneeling, as she had 

been on the table in the living room, before the tub, her body kneeling amongst 

the bubbles and water upon the floor. Her hair, I noticed, hung down in the pool 

of water and her forehead nearly touched the tiles as well.

Mother saw my nudity immediately from the corner of her vision and her eyes 

widened as she turned her head to stare with lust, yes that is exactly what I 

saw - lust, at my hard young cock. She jerked up, sitting upon her heels. It was 

like looking at a starving person look at a buffet, I imagined, amused.

Even in my wildest fantasies, I never thought I would see her looking at me like 

that. It tore those fantasies into shreds and affirmed that this reality was 

better than even my imagination could conjure.

I had no idea what to say, "Lots of bubbles I see." She smiled, taking this as a 

compliment and of all things that we have done this evening so far, her pretty 

face began to blush at this.

Of course after entering and closing the door behind me I came to stand next to 

the tub, turning off the water. Though there was no preconceived plan within my 

mind, I thought we could both get into the water and I would experience what I 

had only imagined. I wanted it to be special, erotic and very grand.

What I didn't know is that simply the intensity of our emotions and that it was 

a mother-son sexual relationship that we were entering, that this was what 

brought the 'grand' to this evening. The 'erotic', by her kneeling in submission 

to her son, it seemed to cause the air to tingle with erotic energy.

Mother has had romance, I learned later, in her life - in the early years with 

dad. Their coupling 'fine' and certainly satisfying but without that spark of 

the unknown, perhaps danger and certainly what I brought - the forbidden. What 

Ginny now needed, what she discovered was missing in her life, was the raw 

intensity of a purely sexual lustful relationship. That it was coupled with 

love, seemed to heighten the pleasure.

Why am I explaining this now? To explain why she did what she did as I was 

leaning down to turn off the faucets that were close to overflowing the tub.

Here I was, leaning over the large tub, one hand upon the edge and the other 

turning the knobs to stop the rush of water when I felt it.

A warm wet suction envelope my rock hard cock.

A mouth as you may guess. Mothers mouth as is obvious.

I froze and looked down to see my mothers thick brown hair, closed eyes, white 

face and wet moist lips move up and down before my lap, my cock moving in and 

out of her.

Of all that we had done, the words the looks and then the touches - we had not 

passed that forbidden boundary between innocence and incest. Mother had 

willingly, and unbidden I might add - I shall have to punish her later I thought 

with a sigh of pleasure - crossed it. There could never be a way back to how we 

used to be, our lives were forever to be changed.

What could I do... I turned towards her, to give her easier access to my 

manhood, grasped her warm head by clumps of her thick hair and began to move my 

hips in time to her bobbing face.

I would like to relate how I fucked her face for an hour, made her beg for the 

inevitable. Impossible - I was a teenager that has sported a hard dick for 

nearly an hour. This was my dream, this... my fantasy come true.

Within seconds of grasping her hair I felt a pain between my legs, my balls were 

aching with the impossible pressure I had placed upon them. My shaft began to 

jerk within mothers mouth though she never stopped moving her head.

My orgasm came barely a second later... it didn't seem to surprise or scare 

Ginny in the least. If anything she seemed to hunger for my seed, swallowing 

loudly, clamping her lips tight against my shaft and grasping my bare ass so as 

not to pull away.

It was a huge load, our first together as Master and Slave and as mother and 

son. Mother never missed a drop.







The next few minutes were a cloud and I realized I was was in that erotic after 

haze that I've never truly felt before this day. Oh, I had read about it in 

various places and thought I had come close several times in pleasuring myself. 

But I had definitely never experienced what I just had.

Mother helped me into the water, and I complied like a zombie, barely noticing 

my surroundings.

It took several lengthy minutes for me to recover my senses enough to clear my 

gaze and again take in my surroundings. For those few moments I had not been the 

Master of our relationship, but our combined love and trust only strengthened 

our pleasure and that bond.

Mother sat, with legs across my lap, watching me intently, anxiously.

"Hum... thank you mother." I smiled and reached out to grasp her closest breast, 

the nipple thrust into my hand.

"Your welcome Master." She arched her back, pushing her chest closer to me.

I realized that mother could teach me, her Master and son, much about sex and 

giving pleasure in our near future. It excited me, learning and enjoying with 

this woman.

"I think I would like you to do that more often."

She blushed again and smiled shyly. "I would like that... very much Master."

"Come here slut." Mother sat up and easily moved towards me, my hands directing 

her to straddle my thighs with her own.

"Oh Master... its hard!"

She had felt it poke her in one of her soft inviting thighs and I grunted a 

command, "Put it in."

Without hands, she moved her bottom a few inches and slowly lowered her torso 

until the most exciting place on this earth swallowed my cock whole.

I had found it, nirvana!

When our kinky hairs combined and when I was fully seated within my mothers 

cunt, she began to thrash in another wild orgasm.

Leaning forwards, I took a hard brown nipple into my mouth while my hands 

roughly grappled with her round sexy ass even as she squealed and wiggled on my 

lap.

It was mine - all of it - everything!

Mother had given it to me willingly. I had asked, ordered and then sat back to 

watch her offer it to me. She knew about the Club, enough to know that we were 

not just lovers but she my Slave. It sounded so strange, thinking about her in 

that light but as I look upon her as she orgasmed I knew it to be true. It had 

to have been fate, meeting George, mothers feeling of unfulfilled sexuality, my 

own desires towards her.

She slowed down and almost fell backwards, off my lap, but I held her ass firmly 

against me. "Are you finished Slave?"

With effort, she whispered, "Yes Master." I meant her orgasm. I wanted to set 

the boundaries of pleasure - where my own was the sole purpose of our 

relationship and the basis of her submission while her own a byproduct. Don't 

think me incredible to think of such a thing at that time, I had read it on the 

Club's web site.

I reached up to hold her face inches above my own, our eyes locking. "Then fuck 

me slut!"

Another whisper, "Yes Master." Her hands grasped the side of the tub on either 

side of me and then I felt it. Not only was I inside of her but I was moving 

deliciously in and out as she moved her hips up and down.

Already she was horsely groaning with what I only imagined as another orgasm. I 

purposely pinched one nipple enough to cause her to shriek in pain, "Your not 

allowed to finish until after I do... understand slut?"

Her face looked astonished and I doubted she believed it even possible to quash 

such a thing as a fast moving orgasm.

I then lay back, rested my hands upon her thighs, and simply watched the 

delicious sight.

Mother began to really work at fucking her son. At first all she did was move 

her body up and down upon my thrusting pole. Then I saw the effort in her face 

and movements - she wanted that fast approaching orgasm and needed my own to 

precede it, as ordered. Her face was sweating profusely, her bottom lip bleed 

lightly from biting it. Once in a while she would open her eyes to almost plead 

with a submissive look, but I never wavered. My orgasm would come and our 

relationship would be complete but I was not interested in rushing the 

inevitable.

Perhaps it was her own fault, blowing me earlier had revitalized my manhood - 

else this coupling would have lasted less than a minute. I chuckled after she 

again closed her eyes and added a little wiggle of her hips on each down-thrust.

When her groans turned to gasping and the muscles of her thighs quivered in 

exhaustion beneath my hand I knew she has had enough. I reach behind her to 

grasp her ass, arched my mouth to again suckle first one nipple then the other, 

and began to lift and drop my own mothers body in a few rapid pace.

I was soon grunting with her, a smile had returned to her face and she knew and 

you the reader know. We both approached that climatic summit that each pair of 

lovers ascend.

To tell the truth I know not who began first, her or I. I think she may have but 

if that were true I was but a second behind. It felt as if my cock was jerking 

so hard that I was sure it would bruise her inside. As well, it felt like a 

gallon of sperm left my body and filled her sexual cavity and with the cries of 

pleasure from her and the praises to god and to my cock, I think she thought so 

too.

My slave collapsed from sexual exhaustion, for the final time that evening, even 

as I closed my eyes and attempted to regain my breath.







Again I sat in the chair, surrounded my the membership of the Club. I had just 

related all that I had told you - even my earlier doubts and mothers comment of 

her lack of interest in this group.

There was much silence and several whispers as I imagined them discussing my 

first coupling with mother.

The one that I've come to know as the younger interrogator asked, "You did very 

well Jammie... very well." He sounded impressed, which boasted my pride a few 

notches. "But would you say she has submitted totally to you?"

I didn't hesitate, "Yes I do."

More whispers and then a chorus of voices accepting something.

"Seems you have gotten to the next phase faster than nearly any other prior 

member." It wasn't a question so I didn't say a word. "You may remove your blind 

fold Jammie."

I hesitated, as if unsure, but finally reached up and lifted the pillow case 

from my head.

I blinked at light, though it was dimly lite, and the new faces about me. They 

were not all young, as I had imagined, most a decade or two older than I. One 

seemed to even be in his fifties, which surprised me - to stay a member, you had 

to have a living mother as a slave or you had to retire your membership. This 

man was still fucking his mother when she was probably in her seventies or even 

eighties. Wow!

A younger man came forwards, and though he didn't look familiar I knew who he 

was immediately by the sound of his voice. He reach a hand out and I took it, 

gladly. "My name is Ben, its a pleasure to finally meet you Jammie."

Others came forwards to shake hands, and the names all became a cloud. A drink 

was thrust in my hand, a beer, and I was immediately accepted by this group of 

men who found so much pleasure in enslaving their mothers.

Many asked me questions about my mother Ginny and even more asked me specifics 

about my seduction of her. I was surprised and had expected to be asked more 

about the actual fucking that we have done, then and since then.

One even asked, "Will you share her?" He had sat and heard the story like the 

rest of the group and so I paraphrased what I had told earlier.

"Its an agreement, before Ginny accepted, that I don't share her with anyone." 

He looked disappointed and I contributed, "Not even with my father." My mom had 

revisited this two days after our first evening as Master-Slave, that our 

agreement also included my father. It seemed she no longer had any interest in 

him or his style of love. How that would take, when father returned, I had no 

idea. Neither did mom - though she speculated that he might not even ask for his 

wife to fulfil her vows for a very long time, if ever.

George pushed through the crowd of mingling men and presented me with a very 

naked Mrs. Lowell - my English teacher. "Meet Ben's mom."

I looked openly upon her nakedness, the white of her thin body, the rings in her 

small nipples, the well prepared makeup. This was another woman of my teenage 

fantasies and unknowingly I had already fingered her sex.

Ben came over and laughed at my surprised gaze. "I already heard... unlike you 

Jammie, I like to share mom with the Club." He reached out and twisted a 

nipple-ring, causing her to wince in pain. "You like it too right mom?"

With a voice that I had listened to for hours, reading Shakespeare and reciting 

sonnets, she answer, "Yes darling, I love fucking your friends."

If that wasn't enough, Ben added, "If you become a full member Jammie, you can 

use her whenever you want."

Wow!







The final phase was the proof the Club needed that I had passed all other 

phases, that my mother submitted to me consciously and willfully.

It was rather simple really. Mother and I were to retreat to a cabin not too far 

in the country, that a member owned, and simply fuck our brains out.

Easy right?

There were some stipulations, to prove that our relationship had progressed to 

the point of no return, that mom had willfully submitted, I had to push the 

envelope and test her. And the test had to be sexual.

I gained more access on the Club's web site and I discovered whole volumes of 

stories and discussions on other young men that had reached this far in their 

recruitment.

Some had forced one of the kenneled dogs upon their slaves, others whipped them 

until blood dripped from their bodies, others urinated or defecated upon them. 

Most simply used their older bodies in ways that they had never done before.

At times the coupling turned almost into rape and humiliation, the son forcing 

the mother into acts that she vehemently did not want to do all in the he name 

of joining the Club.

I hoped I did not have to push my mother too far, that she would simply do as I 

asked.







It was morning and the sun was stealing into my room, mother lay in the crook of 

my arm, her head upon my shoulder as she asked not for the first time, "Do you 

have to be in this Club?"

As had often been the case in the last two weeks, after an enjoyable dominant 

love-making session, mother often relented on the demands that I had placed upon 

our relationship. I actually enjoyed it, it allowed us to talk openly and 

honestly - some things that I did not allow her to voice while we waltzed to the 

incestuous song that we had started.

I didn't answer right away and she continued, "Is not what we have enough 

darling?" The fingers of one hand played with my nipple.

Ginny smelled of sex, her mouth of sperm, her skin of sweat and her own 

juices. It was a smell that I had always enjoyed but now I pushed her off me, it 

was nearly time to get up anyways - and mother would return to her room before 

my sister awoke.

She sat up, all modesty at her nudity forgotten as her breasts swayed 

deliciously. If not for her sucking me to orgasm only minutes before, I think I 

would have had to have another tumble with her. I could tell that she wanted an 

answer, and probably even earned an answer.

"If not for the Club we would not be together!"

She must have noticed my impatience but her own persistence drove her. "I just 

don't understand. What will you do to me at the cabin?"

I had revealed the final phase in my initiation - that we had to spend two days 

alone and I had to push the boundaries of our relationship. I had also told her 

of some of the more outrageous stories I had read.

I snapped, "Whatever I want - isn't that what you agreed too?" She had, and knew 

it.

Her face turned towards the window, probably gauging the time by the level of 

the sun. We only had a few more minutes together.

"You said you would not share me with anyone?" She could not let this go and I 

was getting frustrated in my inability to answer. "Does that include dogs?" She 

sounded hurt and frustrated as well.

I realized that she was bound by our mutual agreements, but there was simply 

some things mother did not want to do. "Maybe...", I pictured the sight of mom 

bent over with a big shaggy dog pounding into her and revisited my answer, "... 

no, I would never do that to you." My wish to be a member of the Club did not go 

as far as to harm my mother, as I had concluded weeks before - forcing her to 

acts that disgusted her fell into that definition of 'hurt'.

She looked relieved and we shared a smile. "Will you hurt my body?"

"Probably yes." I had spanked mother twice since she knelt to me, both for 

infractions in her submission. Without a word, it had become or method of 

punishment between us - and if her reaction after a spanking was any idea, she 

loved to have her ass paddled.

"Pee on me?"

I had to think about that one - pissing on anyone never interested me, and with 

mom, even less so. But it could be used as a way to show dominance and force her 

submission - though I did not want to push it into humiliation. "Maybe."

She looked surprised but didn't say another word on that topic.

"What should I wear?"

I smiled and related her garments for the weekend, it was a short list.







"Okay mom - take off your jacket please." Mother had worn a long coat that 

covered her from neck to knee. Which was good, since she only wore black four 

inch pumps, black thigh high stockings that had black lace that was tight enough 

upon her thighs to not need a garter and a black push up bra. The jacket landed 

upon the floor by the front door.

The cabin was rather nice - nothing rustic about it. It had television, with 

over a hundred smut movies in the cabinet beneath. A phone, with no buttons - 

incoming calls only I presumed. Well stocked kitchen. A single bedroom with a 

king sized bed. A walk in closet that was filled with all manner of adult toys 

and female lingerie.

Outside, we passed a large kennel which had half a dozen dogs, two of which were 

huge and barking at us. Mother didn't even look at them. I did, amazed to know 

what some potential members did with the beasts.

Snooping, I found gadgets that I had no idea what they were for. Still others 

that I was surprised to find - like a kit to do piercing. I wondered if I should 

piece mother, as Ben's mother had been, through her nipples.

In the single chest of drawers by the bed, it was filled with lingerie of all 

sizes, colours and for any tastes.

Mother was blushing as she followed me about the cabin. It was our 'home' for 

two nights and two days - my sister staying with friends and dad out of town on 

his frequent road trips. And the cabin was built for one thing - fucking your 

slave.

We both knew what we were here to do - and if we had forgotten the sound of the 

iron shackles clanking in the wind outside would remind us.

It was an incredible environment.

I sat in the only chair in the small cabin, and wiggled my finger for mother to 

come over. With a nod of my head she knelt before me, in the position that she 

knew I enjoyed and the one we had learned together that first night together.

Reaching out I rubbed her well groomed hair softly, "We're here. You look great 

mom." I meant it! I loved her in lingerie - especially stockings.

"Thank you Master." Our roles were predefined, the surroundings demanded it. Let 

alone the commands of the Club.

It had been three days since we had sex and I was randy as hell. Ninety minutes 

before dad and my sister left our home approximately at the same time, after 

supper. Mom met me outside and she drove the sixty minutes to the cabin. I 

hadn't even been able to see what she had worn for me - though I had given her 

pretty specific guidelines to follow. And that was all she had brought, what she 

wore through that door.

We had fought about her bringing a toothbrush, of all things, and after I 

spanked her and then we fucked to mutual orgasm, I agreed to let her use mine, 

as I was bringing a small overnight bag.

"Take off your heels and throw them over by the door mom." She wiggled them off 

and literally threw them over to the doorway, one landing upon her discarded 

coat.

"Put a hand between your legs slut and tell me if your wet?" She did as asked.

"No Master."

That surprised me - since that first night, I have not yet experienced a moment 

when Ginny's cunt was not hot wet and ready for her son's cock. I knew what it 

was, of course, the cabin. It was a den of ill repute, and though mother only 

wanted to be a slut, she only wanted to be my slut. This cabin was not me, or 

us!

I had to correct that problem right now - it would not do if her pussy was dry 

for this weekend. "Take my cock out mom." She expertly unzipped my jeans and 

withdrew my own organ - which was soft by the way. I looked her in the eye and 

commanded, "I want you to suck me and play with your cunt at the same time mom. 

Don't bite me, but I don't want to come but I do want you to have an orgasm." 

She nodded in acceptance - a look of uncertainty. "Get started slut."

Mother immediately lowered her head, opened her mouth and engulfed me.

Outside a large dog barked.



So You Want to be a Member?: Chapter 4







That night we slept fitfully. She had, finally, orgasmed upon her fingers with 

my hard cock in her mouth. When she was finished, I was surprised that with all 

the toys in the cabin I was only interested in going to bed. I ordered her to 

use her breasts to finish me.

I watched that next morning as she breathed deeply, studying her face and the 

dry sperm upon her round mature 'C' cup breasts.

This is what I want I told myself over and over - to have my mother as my slave, 

my personal fuck toy. Isn't that what I had fantasied for so long about - why I 

wanted to join the Club?

I was confused, with the in-your-face surroundings we found ourselves in, and 

with the privacy I should be poking my mother in every position and as often as 

I could. But right now I was content to just lay next to her and enjoy the sight 

of her.

No idea how long or what time it was, mothers eyes blinked open and she was 

surprised to see me with my head resting on my hand looking down upon her.

She was about to speak but I stopped her with a gentle finger to her lips.

"You told me a few days ago that what you enjoyed about our relationship is that 

you could let go and simply 'enjoy'?"

"Yes my darling Master."

"Then why haven't you 'let go' yet?"

The question surprised her, and a whispered reply, "I thought I had... darling." 

I didn't correct her of the improper name - I rather like intimate nothings from 

her.

"Then explain last night?"

We both knew that she had a lot of trouble finishing, even getting herself to 

the point that she was wet enough to finger herself took a long while. While, 

since we had been intimate, when together her sex was normally a river of 

juices, her orgasms frequent and often a multiple of two maybe three of my own. 

I have only to touch her in a certain way, and with her mentally and physically 

prepared, and she would orgasm.

"I think I'm nervous Master."

"Nervous?" That surprised me a little - we had fucked quite a bit in the last 

couple of weeks.

"What you will do to me." She explained.

Ah! "What do you want me to do to you?" She didn't reply and I hadn't expected 

an answer. "I will tell you one thing I will do to you before the day is out..."

She couldn't wait, "Yes Master?"

"I'm going to fuck your virgin ass."

In our talks, I knew of her fear of the imagined pain. I had played with her ass 

hole and knew it to be very tight - though I also knew it to loosen with gentle 

attention, like a tongue or slippery finger. And when given the proper 

attention, that part of her became highly errogonous.

I pushed it further, felt that flow of dominance run through me, "In fact, you 

will be my little anal slut this weekend right mom?"

Her brown eyes were wide and she answered, "Yes Master."

"Turn over Ginny."

She had removed her lingerie before bed and was naked as she rolled upon her 

stomach, cheek upon her folded hands looking at me.

I reached down, slipped my fingers between the cheeks of her bottom and felt the 

tight anal ring. Leaning over, I whispered in her ear, "Perhaps I should fuck 

your tight ass right now?" I felt her tense up beneath my finger. She didn't 

reply so I grunted, "Answer slut!"

"You are my Master, I will do anything you ask of me." Impertinent slut!

Under the large framed pine bed, there were several drawers - I had already 

found a large stash of lubricants and oils in one of these. Moving quickly I 

found a squeeze-tube of KY jelly and returned by straddling her knees.

It wasn't a slow erotic build-up as we had so often done with each other in 

recent memory, only the steps needed to pleasure myself upon her body. I 

grunted, "Pull your ass cheeks apart slut!" She hid her face in the pillow and 

complied with my order.

I aimed the tube of jelly between her ass, upon the clenching anal ring and 

squeezed a generous amount. Mom shivered at the cool jelly filling the gap 

between her cheeks.

The tube was thrown behind me, on the floor, already forgotten. With her 

obediently pulling apart her cheeks, I poked my finger in and felt around till I 

found her ass hole. My index finger wormed itself into her as mother grunted and 

clenched her muscles in response.

You know even without experience, that her hole was going to be tight but there 

no way to describe the feeling of having your index finger clenched so tight 

that you loose all feeling in the tip.

"You've got such a tight ass mom!" I was now moving my digit in and out with 

difficulty, like a small cock and as the minutes moved passed the tightness of 

her rectum became easier. Another finger joined the first as I continued to frig 

her bottom.

Mother was no longer hissing and grunting with the pain of my intrusion - and I 

could tell she was attempting to relax her rectal muscles, or else my continued 

plunging into her would cause more pain and harm. Ginny was not experienced in 

this area at all, but we had talked about how we would enjoy such an experience 

and mother knew it was only a matter of time. The only thing about those 

conversations, was that I was not following them as I had agreed - a warm mutual 

bath, gentle touches, a tongue to relax and moisten, slow application of 

lubricant, a gentle slow fuck, the pinky finger inserted into the rear passage 

and then a larger finger, and only when mother agreed then she would guide her 

son's cock into her ass hole using her hands while I sat still. That plan went 

to hell quick enough.

When I was able to get three fingers into her I only fingered her for a few more 

seconds before leaning in and replacing those digits with my missile of passion. 

Mother tensed when I pressed it against her spincter which caused her to cry out 

in pain when my circumcised head was forced into her body.

God was mothers ass tight!

Upon my hands and knees, I began to slowly and from my point of view pleasurably 

fuck my own mothers ass hole. As a good slave, she continued to hold open the 

cheeks of her ass but as my fucking sped up she was no longer able to hold them. 

My pelvis began to loudly smack into her generous round buttocks causing them to 

shake and roll deliciously.

Her body was moving up the bed and she used her own hands to press upon the head 

board, so as not to brain herself with my aggressive thrusts. To help the angle, 

Ginny, pressed her knees together and pushed back her ass, lifting it from the 

bed several centimetres. This just gave me more reason to pound even harder into 

her rectum, which caused her to jerk forwards to the soft bed violently. She 

would then attempt to again lift it before I again thrust into her.

Though I was not long before that familiar tingling began deep down in my balls, 

I knew it must have felt like hours to mother. It was most certainly a delicious 

fuck - probably with the addition of her total submission to my needs. I knew 

even when I felt the head of my prick ballooning up to explode, that mother 

would not be joining me in this climax.

I filled her with my seed.







Catching my breath, I reached over to slip my hand to that round sexy ass that I 

just enjoyed. Mother was still laying as I had left her, while I lay facing the 

ceiling beside her. My fingers found the gully of her ass cheeks and the thick 

jelly within, three fingers easily slipped into her rectum.

"Great fuck mom." She never said a word and had her face turned the other way.

I pulled my digits from her and moved them lower between her thighs. What I 

found surprised me, mother was extremely wet with excitement. The smile could 

not be contained and I blurted out, "Like getting your ass fucked mom?"

No answer yet again. My slave needed to learn her place - she was the submissive 

of a future Club member. One of the most attractive of the lot, if many of the 

members remarks were any indication.

I felt great at that moment, invincible, dominant. Ginny was but sexual puddy 

in my hands.

"Go into the other room and wait for me slave." It wasn't a voice to contend 

with, and without even looking at me mother slipped from the bed and my fingers 

to disappear through the door.

I was five minutes behind her and dropped the large object before her kneeling 

form. She eyed it with disgust. "I noticed this last night and wondered if we 

could make use of it this weekend."

It looked like half a barrel, cut length-wise, with a six inch life-like cock 

thrusting up from the middle of it. I've read accounts of how other members had 

their slaves use it - I never thought I would command my own to do the same.

In seconds it was plugged into the wall and I sat facing it with the controls in 

my hand.

"Get on mom."

This time her face turned towards me, looking at me with surprising resistance. 

"Please Master... don't make me do this?"

"Five."

She stared in surprise, thinking, as we had infrequently done in the past, that 

she had earned spankings. No so. "Thats 'five' minutes slave." The stories I 

ready, a woman would barely last three.

Ginny looked in horror at the contraption, probably only guessing what it must 

be like upon it.

"I... ?"

"Ten."

That stilled her words, and she shut her mouth firmly. Her son, lover and Master 

was not joking. It was the dark side of the lifestyle that my own mother agreed 

to live by - that it was not all soft touches and slow-building orgasms. At 

times, it was demanded that her new blunt sexuality be presented and used 

contrary to her wishes.

The minutes clicked by and I finally barked, "Fifteen." I don't like waiting.

Ginny, my mother love and slave, crawled over to the barrel and swung her leg 

over. The thick prick thrust before her, poking into her navel.

My mother looked at me one last time, with pleading eyes, and saw only the hard 

reality of my lust. There was no going back, we had both discussed not so long 

ago, we could not ever go back to being a 'normal' mother-son relationship. We 

had done too much and she had shown her true heart by giving in to my earliest 

demands. Her path was limited, and we both knew it, her trust in me was being 

pushed to the limit but I knew it could not break else she must humiliate 

herself more than she had done just by submitting.

Mother, upon her knees, strained upwards and over the pink phallus and aimed it 

directly towards her sexual cavern.

I smiled as she lowered her body onto the cock.

Ginny threw her head back upon her shoulders and groaned from somewheres deep 

inside her. I would say that mothers initial experience with the toy was very 

positive.

Then I turned the remote control to on - in the low setting.

Mother suddenly jumped, nearly off the cock, and her eyes swing towards me in 

surprise. I could not see what was done within her, but from her reaction I 

would guess it to be both positive and startling.

With our eyes locked, I turned the knob and heard the machine start to hum and 

mother start to moan with pleasure.

Both her hands came down to grasp the curved front edge of the barrel as she 

tried to hold her pelvis in place. Between her thighs, I could just make out the 

fake dick as it moved up and down, side to side and round and round. It was 

making movements that no living male could ever stimulate and from mothers 

reactions, it was taken positively.

My slave began to orgasm within two minutes - a minute under the average. She 

cried out loudly and I watched with pleasure as her body seemed to convulse and 

quiver with delight. It was an intense orgasm, and it seemed to last for nearly 

the full minute.

But it wasn't over, mother had several more minutes and evidently more orgasms 

to undergo with the contraption. Sweat was soon pouring off her body and her 

limbs quivered in exhaustion as the second orgasm rocked her at the ten minute 

mark.

The build-up to the third orgasm was more torture than pleasure and by the 

twelve minute she was begging me to stop it, to let her rest, to have mercy. 

Another minute and she was promising to do things for me, things we had 

previously agreed not to explore, like sharing her with the other Club members, 

or licking my come from another woman's cunt, even letting a dog fuck her. At 

the fourteenth minute, mother began to scream her lungs out as another orgasm 

was taking hold of her. It was like watching a person get hit by lightening for 

thirty seconds, I imagined.

Mother slide to the floor, thirty seconds early... but I doubt she knew of my 

leniency by not punishing her. She was a quivering bundle of sweaty flesh for 

the next hour - as I left her next to her torture machine and went to take a 

long hot shower.







Hours later, having been well fed with the brunch my slave conjured up for me, I 

was laying upon the bed as I watched mother model lingerie outfit after lingerie 

outfit, so numerous was the cabin stocked.

She wore only one common item, a small blunt plug that I had found after my 

shower. It was a butt plug, and it does exactly as it name implies. After mother 

had a long hot bath, I again lubed up her ass hole, less generously this time, 

and inserted the thick plug. She undergone the humiliation without a word and 

wore a red face of embarrassment with every step she took, as she walked sort of 

bow-legged.

The phone rang, causing us both to jump in surprise. I half-ran to the other 

room and picked it up.

"Hello Jammie."

It was Ben Lowell. "Hi Ben."

"Having fun?"

How could I answer... though my pause startled me. "Of course", was the obvious 

answer.

"We know." I frowned and saw that mother stepped into the room wearing a purple 

lace one piece jump-suit, completely see-through and distracted me for a second. 

"The whole cabin is bugged, and we have everything on tape."

I swung around and looked for the 'eyes' of the camera, I saw nothing.

"They are well hidden Jammie, so you won't see them unless you go looking. 

Don't." Mom noticed my startled look and began to get nervous herself, I forced 

myself to be calm and to stare down at the phone.

"George and I are five minutes from the cabin and thought we would stop by for a 

chat."

What! "Sure."

"Have your slave make us some coffee, for two. And get her to put something on - 

white, Ginny looks best in white." I had to agree, though I was a little 

put-out listening to another guy make sexual references to my mother. My slave, 

I corrected myself.

In minutes the coffee started to peculate and mother was kneeling, as I enjoyed, 

in the middle of the common room. She looked furious at the loss of privacy - if 

only she knew!

George came in with his mother Glenda, and then Ben with his mother Mary. The two 

Club members came into the common room, stood over my kneeling mother and with a 

nod of pleasure at the sight of her, both sat on the couch. At the door, the two 

middle-aged women, without a word, began to disrobe. Rushing, they were soon 

down to nothing and then knelt at their son's feet, heads on knees. George 

stroked his mothers head, Ben didn't seem to notice - all eyes on my mother.

I sat down in the chair across from the two members. Ben started, "Your slave 

took her first ass fucking pretty well?"

From the corner of my eye, I saw mother tense - though she didn't move from her 

kneeling position. Good slave, I was proud of her! Mother had no idea how they 

knew, but she now realized that they did - and it was another layer of 

humiliation and submission to what was once a proud and dignified woman.

I had to shake off the feelings of guilt that was coming over me.

George asked, "Did you enjoy it?" He was smirking as if us three teenagers now 

shared a common secret - fucking a submissive mothers ass to be the highlight of 

life itself. He was probably right - though, I had to add, it would have been 

better if mother had enjoyed it as much as I.

I put on a smile, "Oh ya."

The two of them laughed as if we all shared a secret joke.

George continued, "What else do you have planned for her ass?" I had made an 

announcement that very morning, that it would be an anal weekend - seems the 

Club also had the cabin bugged for sound.

It was like the three ladies were not even in the room, or that my own mother, 

whom we now spoke of her first painful ass fuck was not kneeling before us 

silently.

I told them about mothers ass plug... almost reluctantly.

Ben wanted to see it, so I ordered mother to stand, face towards me and lift her 

white lace nightie to show those behind her the base of the plastic apparatus 

seated firmly within her. Ginny had her eyes clenched firmly closed.

George whistled in appreciation for mothers teardrop shape ass and shapely sexy 

legs, opposite to his mothers round heavy-set figure. Ben just licked his lips 

as if he was suddenly starving, I tried not to think why this sudden hunger 

overcame him. My mother obviously the sexiest of the three - Mary being tall and 

thin, Glenda heavy - I could understand their interest.

Seconds ticked by when George suddenly rushed to unzip his slacks and roughly 

pulled his mothers head into his lap. I saw Glenda take her sons tiny hard 

member fully into her mouth and began to bob her face, just as she had done in 

the car not so long ago.

Ben didn't even seem to notice, and I doubt that this wasn't a common occurrence 

within the Club.

Ginny did, she looked over her shoulder in horror at the incestuous sight 

before her. I could almost hear her thoughts on seeing what she would term 

'fabricating like animals', a part of me would have to agree with her. Normally 

such a sight would excite me to no end, but I only felt that these two members 

and their two slaves, were violating mothers and my privacy.

Ben asked, "Want to swap for an hour Jammie?"

I wasn't sure what he meant, "Pardon?"

"My slut for yours for a few minutes?" He licked his lips and could not tear his 

eyes from mothers bottom. I told you it was a very nice bottom.

Mary turned her head to look at me, I saw lust in her eyes and she spread her 

kneeling thighs apart so I could see her sparse pubic region. It was obviously 

wet and the dew was collecting upon her thighs. Ben's mother was a slut, I had 

to agree with him there.

Ginny was glaring into my eyes when I turned my gaze from Mary's pussy - as if 

reminding me of my agreement not to share her. It seemed that mother was not 

affected by the high sexual energy engulfing the room - well neither was I.

I was tempted to almost agree with Ben's offer, just to rebuke mothers demanding 

stare. Did she forget whom was the Master in this relationship - what she had 

agreed too?

But no matter my pride or will to dominate, I would not be able to live with 

myself knowing that mother was used by another. No, she was mine and mine alone.

I felt my head nodding negatively and was suddenly worried that this may 

extinguish my possible membership. Instead Ben laughed it off, reached down to 

squeeze his dick through his jeans. "Your just about there Jammie - though a few 

have some concerns."

It was almost a question and the simple comment stilled my heart, I had worked 

so hard to get into the Club, and I figured I was now effectively in. "What 

'concerns' Ben?"

"A couple of the old-timers, think you haven't shown that you are the true 

master over your mother. That is more of a love affair than dominant fucking."

Mary seemed to ask a question with a gaze and her son nodded, my English teacher 

turned about and knelt upon her knees to begin to help Glenda with George's cock. 

The two heads bobbed alternately and almost to some unseen music. My slave was 

again looking over her shoulder, watching the threesome.

I asked the obvious, "What else must I do to prove it?"

There was no hesitation, "Humiliate her."

Mother again froze in her voyeur gaze and I forced myself to remain calm - had I 

not just pushed the boundaries of our relationship?

He added, as if he was my friend, "Of course I wasn't one of these and told them 

I thought you were doing great!" I was starting to dislike Ben, his soft young 

voice, his slutty mother, and his lecherous gaze.

His eyes looked at the base of the plug in mothers ass, it had probably jumped 

when she tensed though I could not see to confirm this, and he added, "They are 

probably just jealous of how sexy your mother is."

George gasped out, his pleasure obviously rising with each bob of either head, 

"Fuck her Jammie!" It wasn't really a command and I only guessed that it was 

mother that he was referring too.

Ten minutes ago I would not have thought about such a thing, here before these 

two Club members. But I didn't want to hear Ben's voice any more, and I had to 

be open enough to fornicate before my fellow Club members if I wished to be 

accepted.

"Slave!" Mother turned her eyes to me and saw me nod towards my dick that was 

pointing out of my white robe.

Ben had a request, "Fuck her with her ass pointing this way Jammie, I want to 

see what that incredible big ass looks like as you pound her cunt!"

Mother simply straddled my lap with her thigh and then lowered herself down, 

almost as she had done with the apparatus earlier in the day.

I was surprised at how wet mother was, probably as wet as that first time 

together - when my fingers were first engulfed in her womanhood. Was she 

enjoying this encounter? Was she not humiliated as I assumed she would be?

Ginny immediately began to bounce upon my lap, her face hidden in my neck, and 

I had little doubt Ben had a great view of mothers generous ass. I saw that 

George was also focused upon the backside of my slave. I was weird knowing that 

someone was able to see my teenager prick moving in and out of my mothers super 

heated wet sex.

Ben asked, "Get her to remove the plug Jammie?"

Mother didn't even wait for my command, much to my disgust, and with a single 

hand moved it behind her to pull out the thick blunt object. It came out with a 

pop and she let it fall to the wooden floor, I wondered at the view the two Club 

members could now see. Was she gaping open?

Ben roughly pulled his mothers head back and leaned in to whisper something in 

her ear - the English matron ran into the bedroom and quickly returned with a 

huge rubber cock. Ten inches long and probably wide enough that I would not be 

able to get my hand about it. I watched in shock as Mary knelt behind my mothers 

hard-working ass and though I could not tell what she was doing I suddenly felt 

mother tense up and stop her rapid thrusts upon me.

I then felt it, it was like something else was joining me in mothers love canal, 

but I knew it to be in her other hole. An anal slut, indeed! Mary just smiled at 

me across Ginny's back in triumph and I could only imagine the image that her 

and the two teenagers behind her could see.

Through this invasion, mother knelt very still above me, moving only to clench 

her sex about my cock. The sounds coming from her were almost demonic, hissing 

and gasps, grunts and then cries of pain or pleasure, I could not tell. She bit 

my neck for a second and then licked my ear even as felt the large fake cock 

attempt to push me out of my own mothers body simply by the size of it and the 

small room within my slaves passages.

Was this not formally 'sharing' her with another - though inanimate object? Did 

this not fall under the definition of her succumbing to another?

I lost a little respect for mother just then when she again resumed her up and 

down movements, slower and with much more sounds from her body, with such 

obvious lust and pleasure.

Mary had two hands wrapped about the base of the long cock and was not timing it 

to mothers movements, but instead driving it in and out of her anal passage with 

a vengeance. The school teacher was enjoying this so much I could see her teeth 

as she smiled, she obviously also liked to 'give' as well as to 'receive'.

Ginny, my mother and my slave, came upon my cock and upon that long dildo 

within a minute. I saw every face in the room watching her sweaty lingerie-clad 

body ripple in pleasure, her sex seemingly engulfing me and the rubber-lover to 

our bases. Even Glenda watched with wide eyes, her face sporting a new covering 

of her sons sperm, while her hand still held his soft cock forgotten.

It was over nearly as soon as it had started, mother lay fully upon me, dead 

weight. As naive as I was, I thought it was over.

Mary pushed my mother from me, and she fell to the floor in the fetal position 

facing me, next to the schoolteacher, a loud farting sound came from her rectum 

when the dildo was evicted. Ben's mother, still holding the long thick cock, 

threw it over to my slave, next to her head. Then Mary closed her eyes, leaned 

in and took my still hard cock within her mouth.

My slaves eyes and my own locked, she was exhausted but I saw her hand snake out 

and grasp the base of the thick dirty dick inches before her. I watched as 

mother opened her mouth, eyes glued to Mary's mouth and my excited member and 

then began to suck that dirty huge cock as Mary now sucked me.

No one moved for the next two minutes, the time it took me to come in a great 

big gusher, covering my school teachers face. I had imagined what she would look 

like with her pearl face cream, my fantasies never even came close. The older 

woman only smiled up at me, as if knowing my thoughts.

Ben and George were now clapping and I saw that mother was still sucking that big 

dick, trying to get it as far down her throat as possible. She only got about 

four inches of it, and that seemed to split her lips wide.

"I think my slave has earned a little reward - what do you think Jammie?"

I had no idea what Ben was talking about and just looked at him in what I knew 

to be an exhausted look.

He didn't wait for an answer, "Ginny", I came awake at the sound of him 

addressing my slave directly, "get between Mary's legs and thank her with your 

tongue for the pleasure she gave you and your son."

Was I invisible? He should not be addressing my slave directly should he? I 

would learn that the wishes for sharing of slaves did not extend to other 

slaves.

As startling as this was, mother rolled onto her quivering hands and kneels and 

crawled back towards Mary. Ben's mother dropped to the hard wood floor and 

spread her legs with barely contained anticipation.

Ginny did not even look towards me and I felt hot anger run through my veins. 

The fucking slut!

Mother had told me that she had never had a sexual experience with another woman 

before - I had asked and as I had fantasied about such an occurrence, doesn't 

every boy? But I watched as she crawled the couple of feet and without 

hesitation, lean in and slip her tongue into the obviously wet slit of another 

slave.

Mary squealed in pleasure, brought her own knees up to her near-flat chest and 

held them in that position with her hands. Ginny spent much time licking upon 

that enlarged red clitoris, but would suddenly slip down to lick and tongue-fuck 

Mary's anus and cunt-hole. My school teacher was loving it.

I stood on unsteady legs and retreated to the kitchen, the excuse to refresh my 

drink. But I stayed for the duration of Mary's oral pleasure. It was obvious 

when she was finished, the thump of flesh on wood and the squeals of pleasure 

rocked the small cabin.

I returned just in time to see Mary half sit up to slip her tongue into my 

mothers mouth, as the two shared a long French kiss. Mother, at times, would 

remove her lips and lick at the strands of my sperm attached to Mary's face, 

savouring each tonguefull before returning to the passionate kiss. I ignored the 

sight of my slave and saw the two Club members make moves to leave. Their slaves 

not far behind them, rushing to dress.

"Too bad you won't share that slut of yours Jammie - she would be a favourite of 

the club!" George shook my hands, as if in congratulations - perhaps it was. Was 

this the final phase that I had to do to gain entrance in the elite Club?

Ben confirmed my suspicions, "I think even the hard core members will accept 

your membership into the Club Jammie." I think they expected a look of joy upon 

my face, but I felt nothing. "I'll confirm and let you know this coming Monday."

I shook his hand at the door to the cabin, the other three already getting into 

George's and Glenda's car. "One more piece of advice", he offered with a sly 

smile, "this being your last night here, tie her over the beam in the kennel", 

he nodded to the dog kennel a few meters near the cabin door, "overnight, naked, 

and she'll never think about disobeying you again." Ben chuckled lightly and 

looked over his shoulder at his smiling mother, "Mary hates it, but I do it to 

her a couple of times a year. The next morning she is so cut up and bruised that 

she isn't much use, and every hole on her body is sore for a week. Those dogs 

put us guys to shame!" He laughed all the way to the car and I stood in the 

cabin doorway and watched their car pull away.







The weekend wasn't over, but I had just learned that I was unofficially a member 

in the Club I had so longed for. So much so, that I had done the unthinkable and 

actually brought my fantasies to light by successfully seducing my own mother.

This had gotten me to know my mother, Ginny, with intimate carnal knowledge. I 

had fucked every one of her holes, I had treated her like some oversized 

love-doll and made her dress outrageously, then I had allowed another woman to 

forcibly fuck a huge dildo into mothers ass, then watched as mother orally 

pleasured the same woman.

All in the name of the Club, I realized.

I retreated from the common room, not wanting to see my kneeling slut of a 

mother, so soiled and obviously sexually-used that it disgusted me right then, 

and found myself within the large shower.

My thoughts would not leave me, the images so clear to my minds eye. The hot 

water did little to queel my dark thoughts and memories.

I tried to think of the benefits of being in the Club, what had seemed so 

appealing not so long ago. Getting to fuck the other women, like Mary, so it was 

almost an endless supply of submissive flesh.

I never even need to fuck my own mother again if I did not want too!

Where did that come from?

Ginny Bently, mother and slut, knelt as I had taught her not so many weeks 

before with forehead nearly on the floor, as I had left her before my shower. 

Her raised ass, normally so sexy and seductive to this young highly-sexed 

teenager, did nothing to still my dark thoughts.

I could feel it, something has changed here in this cabin between us. A new 

level of depravity and submission, obviously. But it was something else, 

something within me.

To shake this feeling, I grunted, "Get your ass over the chair!" My voice was 

not one to be disobeyed, though I felt little resistance within my mother any 

longer as she rushed to obey.

Over the back of the large chair, mother bent, her ass high, her head almost to 

the cushion seat.

I reached forwards with both hands and tore her soiled nighty from her body, it 

came away reluctantly. My slave froze, perhaps in fear of her new Master, she 

too knew that much has changed.

Did she wonder if I would bind her within the kennel for the horny dogs to use? 

I did, surprised that I now considered it. I was also surprised to realize that 

she would do even that, if commanded.

Mother, I had learned, was betrayed by her body when faced with humiliation and 

submission, she became very excited.

She wore her white stockings still, one nearly to her calf. I thought of tearing 

these from her as well, but they fit her, made her look the part she has done so 

well this day. It was what she wished for was it not - to give away her trust 

and passion to a strong man... that and coupled with the nastiness of that man 

being her son highly excited my mother.

I retreated to the bedroom in disgust.

In minutes I returned from the bedroom and Ginny barely breathed, let alone 

move. She would not then know what I carried in my hand as I strode purposely 

back to her.

No words had yet been spoken between us - I had little use of words for her now, 

I didn't care to know her thoughts. But I grunted out one word as my arm came 

down, the meter long leather crop whistling before it hit into the soft white 

flesh of mothers ass, "Slut!"

I began to rain a beating upon her, her ass soon a mass of red welts but I never 

let up. Our agreement that I should never hurt her forgotten, by the both of us 

I was sure.

True to my disgust, mother didn't move and thus proved her low behaviour to be 

truly a slut. She cried out without words, and thrashed about in the ass-high 

position, but she did not stop me. Ginny took all I had to deliver and I 

stopped only when my arm was tired.

The crop fell to the floor and still she did not move and I stared in fright at 

the droplets of blood dripping from her skin.

I moved forwards, my surprisingly hard penis finding the now familiar crevice of 

my mothers ass. I wanted to fuck this slut, hard and fast, to hurt her more. She 

was a slave, a slut, to be used by her Master - me. It had been her choice, her 

desire - something that had been so pleasurable in the beginning now... ?

Her ass hole only had a light film of lubricant from mothers earlier usage and 

she screamed when I tore into her still loose, but very abused, rectum. I could 

feel the heat and dampness of her cunt upon my balls - even now she reveals her 

low desires at this savage coupling!

Earlier, when I took her anal virginity, was like being kissed with a feather 

compared to the fucking I gave her just then. She screamed out as I pounded in 

and out of her body, my stomach getting red from her blood where we joined. It 

wasn't enough, I yanked her brown shoulder-length thick hair back so it arched 

her back and forced her face up. With my other hand I twisted and tore at her 

nipples mercilessly.

Still she did not cry out for me to stop, but her pain-filled screams were 

turning to those of harsh delight.

I was delirious in my animal rage as I again, for the final time that day, 

emptied my balls into her body. She took it and perhaps even had a small orgasm 

of her own. Did it matter?

With that handful of hair, I yanked her harder and she fell to the floor, my 

cock pulling from her slimy ass hole. Positioning her upon her knees before me, 

I shoved my half-hard but quickly wilting dick into her sexy petite mouth. 

Mothers eyes were closed, so I could not see her brown pupils gaze upon me, 

though I watched with disgust as she opened her mouth and readily accepted my 

soiled dick, with what could only be described as... love.

I pounded against her face with my soft member, her neck would have dislocated 

if not for both my hands roughly holding her by her hair.

Not enough!

Mother was not crying out in shame and humiliation, begging her son to have 

mercy. Instead she took all that I gave, took it and gave compassion and love 

and lust in return.

I pulled from her mouth and held my cock in hand, a stream of piss shot out and 

hit her on one cheek. "Hold your tits up and open your mouth slut!" Ginny 

opened her eyes to look up at me, knowing what was coming, and looked not at my 

peeing dick but into my soul, while holding her 'C' cup breasts up and together 

her mouth open, as commanded, a few centimetres. I washed those aged sexy tits 

with my urine, sometimes moving up to surprise her by getting a stream in 

between her sexy lips. Still she did not waver, only swallowed and looked up at 

her son's madness, obviously seen within my eyes.

When my bladder was empty, so was my madness. I stood, pitiful, hand on slimy 

wet dick looking into the eyes of a submissive and sexy woman that I had 

wronged. I could not go any further, my humiliating dominance exhausted.

I fell to the floor before her and cried, her wet soiled body wrapping me in a 

loving embrace.







Apart from a thick letter reminding me of my obligations and promise not to 

reveal anything of the Club, I never spoke to any member again. With the letter, 

I received several tapes - some of the more memorable moments of our trip to the 

cabin. I considered destroying these, but could not - that time was a part of 

me, us, now.

I did not even need to let them know that my request for admission to their 

elite Club had been withdrawn - they had seen the tape.

Mother says I need to end this with a description of what happened after that 

last day in the cabin - she is right.

Let me state for the record, that I love Ginny, my mother and my slave with 

all my heart.

She is the one that kept me sane while I quickly descended to my own personal 

hell and humiliation. Yes, even while I did all those debasing things to my own 

mother, I was also humiliating myself as well as her.

After my tears had dried and my limbs stopped their trembling I held my mother 

for a very long time, no words were then spoken. Then I simply stood up, dressed 

and with mother wrapped only in the coat she had came in and bare feet, we 

retreated - soiled and reeking of our sins. Our bathtub at home seemed to sooth 

both our exhausted bodies and wash away the evidence of our memories.

The next day, Sunday, mother and I packed and ran away together - leaving dad a 

tape of mothers anal cherry night. Perhaps it was harsh of us, I loved him, but 

she had pleaded with me. My sister was given instructions to stay at her friends 

house till Ginny and I find a new home. Mother wrote a sealed note, that she 

said explained all - to this day I have no idea what was in it, but my younger 

sister never raised an eye at anything she saw in the future between her mother 

and brother. She even is bold enough to sneak watching her mother and I at 

night, when I am particularly randy.

Most of my parents money was my mothers, I learned, so cash was not a problem - 

though mother demanded I return to school when we settled. I agreed reluctantly. 

From experience, she related that one needed more in life than a bank account or 

hard cock - we still argue about the latter.

It took mom ten days after the cabin before her body recovered from her ordeal, 

I know it would take much longer for my heart and soul to heal. My lover never 

spoke about it, but that change that we had undergone in the cabin was still a 

part of us - mother did anything I asked her. And in the week of travelling 

after her recovery, I proved it many times. We had both learned so much about 

ourselves and each other - we are now bound by more than simply love and desire 

now.

Mother never again listened to another, as she had done with Ben's requests, 

over my commands. Perhaps the beating she received at the cabin was her 

punishment - or so I assumed. My will was never again contested, for which I was 

very thankful. And though we entered into new territory, as Master and Slave, 

she never hesitated.

It is a year since our cabin ordeal, just over a year since I had first tasted 

mothers sexuality. Even the nightmare of the cabin is something I would never 

change, something we needed as incestuous Master and Slave... lovers.

Mother infrequently asked if I regretted denying myself the Club, I can 

truthfully answer that membership was not what I wanted - what I wanted I now 

have.

&nbsp; 

&nbsp; 

The End





Review This Story
 || Email Author: 


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





