BDSM Library - Bookseller\'s Christmas




Bookseller\'s Christmas
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young husband who works in a bookstore finds himself and his wife have become sex slaves to a strong, handsome man...me.






Wed, Dec 13, 2006 9:23 AM 

Subject: FW: The Bookseller's Christmas 
Date: Wednesday, December 13, 2006 9:23 AM 
From: Dale Gutzman " title="Click here!">&lt;maipenraikhap@sbcglobal.net&gt; 
Conversation: The Bookseller's Christmas 

 
Subject: The Bookseller's Christmas 


 I spent Christmas with Todd and Sally, my bride and groom slaves, and 
it was one of the nicest times I have had.Todd is the young man who works in the 
bookstore.He thought he was straight, but as a natural submissive and a quiet 
intellectual bookish type, I just took over his entire life and his sexuality.I should 
explain that I took one look at him and knew I had to have him. I developed this terrible
crush on him. Oh, he resisted me, fought me, tried to escape from me, but pussy boys like
Todd, don't stand a chance. I also took over his new wife.Of course he tried to resist 
me at first, but he didn't have a chance against a real man. So here I was, spending 
Christmas with them. Todd is quite cute; small but nicely built, with a boyish face and 
glasses. His wife is a real fuckpiece, good tits and a juicy cunt. I kept them naked of
course. I 
had them open one of their gifts before we ate the turkey dinner whch I 
cooked, not being able to trust their culinary skills. I gave each of them a rally thick,
fourteen inch dildo. Of course I wanted them to try them immediately. You should have 
seen the struggle they had to get those fat dildos up their asses. I couldn't tell if 
they were crying from the joy of getting such a nice present, or from the pain of having 
to work them up their holes. They kept saying they couldn't do it, that it hurt too much,
but of course I knew they could. I had to get a little rough with them, but finally they 
both had the rubber fuckers up their assholes. They lay on the floor groaning and too 
ashamed to look at each other. I had them 
fuck them in and out of each other. Such a nice activity for a young husband 
and wife who were no longer allowed to fuck. They gave each other compassionated glances,
and I could tell they were still in love. Love maybe, but no fucking! Todd was not 
allowed to fuck his wife, or any cunt. I couldn't have Todd fucking a girl. After all, 
he now belonged to me, body and soul. And the good news we had was that Sally was 
pregnant. The baby belonged to me or to one of the many college boys I had made her fuck 
in the last few weeks. I think its such a thrill when a new bride discovers she is 
breeding. Sally of course was a bit upset. Not only were she and Todd not financially 
able to support a child, but she didn't want to have her life burdened by a baby just 
yet. They had been married right out of high school and were were both just in college 
and quite young. 


 Oh well. We all adjust, don't we? Look how well Todd was adjusting. He was becoming a 
cock sucking asscunt submissive twerp boyfriend. I use those 
words lovingly because I really was attracted to him and did love him in my 
own way. After all it was my love for him that made me put Todd and Sally 
through all of this. Well, if not love, at least deep sexual attraction. 
The first time I saw him working in that bookstore...looking so scholarly 
with his glasses and all. And then when I got a look at his cute young ass 
in his trousers, I just knew I had to make him my complete fuckslave. 


 I sat at the table with Sally eating our Christmas meal. She had the 
dildo up her ashole and so it was hard for her to sit on the chair. It is 
difficult for anyone to take fourteen inches, you have to admit.It may have affected her 
appetite too. Todd was trying to walk with his dildo up his ass as he served us our 
dinner. It was 
so cute to watch his ball sack and dick swing as he walked back and forth, 
trying hard not to move the dildo up his ass too much. His ass was cute too, 
spread open by the beer can thick rubber cock. 


 Todd knelt by my chair and I fed him from my fingers. Sometimes I would 
put some whipped potatos on my dick and let him lick it off. He knew better 
than to object. I spoke with Sally about her fuck schedule for the holidays. 


Page 1 of 3 



I was making sure she got fucked five or six times a day now by guys from 
her university. I had turned her into a real slut. I know she was secretly 
enjoying it. I had her come on to only the guys who seemed to have the 
biggest dicks and were the roughest toughest looking in her school year 
book.Of course we had to speculate about the cock sizes from just face shots or sports 
photos. We would often look through the book together, deciding which guy she would beg 
to fuck her next. Almost all the guys came through...shit what college dude would refuse 
a free fuck with a hot chick.I insisted that she was racially fair in her choices 
too...she had to get fucked by guys of all races. 


 Sally was real pretty. She cried alot that she didn't want to be a cock slut. That 
she loved Todd, but I had to break her of that because Todd was mine. So I felt it best 
that she become addicted to lots of other dick...to get her mind off of her husband. At 
first I had to beat him up pretty badly to get her to open her pussy for college cock. 
She did it to save him. How touching and sweet. Then the little game escalated. If she 
didn't get the required number of fucks each day and suck the required number of pricks, 
Todd was punished, and she couldn't stand to see him hurt, so she was being a real good 
little slut. At first it was difficult for her, but now she was taking to it like a duck 
to water. A cock is a cock is a cock...that's my attitude, at least for a cumdump like 
Sally. As long as it's big and fat. I only want the biggest and best dicks for 
her...that's 
because I am so crazy about her husband. I also wanted her pregnant, 
because I felt that then, she wouldnt mind so much not getting Todd's dick. 
Todd was forced to play with his dick alot, but not cum. I was training him 
to find sexual pleasure in his new ass pussy. I loved to kiss and neck with 
Todd while I fingered his asscunt. I told him he had one of the prettiest 
pussies I ever fucked.He would tremble and cry a lot when I did that...especially when I 
did it in front of his wife. I often made her sit and watch while I fondled, played with 
or fucked her husband. 


 After Christmas dinner, I had a surprise for Todd and Sally. The 
door bell rang, and six guys from Sally's history class showed up. I knew 
lots of the guys who fucked her by now. They thought of me as her pimp. I 
had the boys strip, and I must say they were all muscular and well hung. They all took 
turns fucking Sally in the pussy and ass. They were proud young studs, walking around 
waiting for their turns with their dicks hard, leaking and bouncing. Todd was so 
humiliated he had a crying jag. The boys all laughed at him. I told Todd to do something 
useful...to suck the asses of the college boys. So young Todd had to lick and suck the 
assholes of the boys while they waited their turn to fuck his wife. After the first boy 
dumped in 
her twat not needing to worry about a rubber of course because the slut was preggies, I 
also had Todd clean off the spent dick with his mouth. This then 
became his duty for all the boys. He would go from ass sucking to cock 
cleaning. He is just so fucking submissive. It makes me hard just to 
remember him on his knees crawling from ass to ass and then opening his 
mouth to suck the spent cum and cunt juice off a drooping thick hunk of 
college boy fuck meat.His eyeglasses once again became all smeared with fucksnot. He 
looks so sweet that way. His lips were coated with fuck, and snot ran from his nose and 
tears from his eyes. The guys had a ball kicking his nuts ad ass, calling him a fucking 
faggot. After the boys had each shot off in Sally's cunt and up her ass twice, I packed 
them off. I wanted to be lone with my new best friends. Todd and Sally were both pretty 
wiped out. Now, I had a treat for Todd. I told him he was allowed to suck the 
cum from the college boys out of his wife's cunt and asshole. She was 
really loaded with spooge in both holes, and it dripped and ran out. I put 
him to work. He made a bit of a fuss, but I slapped him a few times, and 
then kissed him after to assure him that I really was doing this for his own 
good. While he sucked his wife's cunt and ass, slurping and swallowing, I 
worked the dildo in and out of his boyhole as hard as I could. I really gut 
him grunting and groaning. 


 For our next Christmas game, I stuck the toes of one foot up Sally's cunt as far as I 
could and the toes of my other foot up Todd's now stretched 
asshole.I made them bounce on me feet. Then, I shoved both dildos up Sally and put her 
to bed, and spent the rest of the night fucking her cute husband in the mouth and 


Page 2 of 3 



stretched out ass. 


 "Here's to us, Todd, and all the fun we are going to have together in the 
New Year. This is just the start of our wonderful romance." I whispered in 
his cute ear while my dick was up deep inside his gut. "And remember how 
worried you were when we first met, bedcause you swore you were straight and 
couldn't do anything with a guy. Well, those worries are over, aren't they?" 


 I had already cum up his ass, and now I pissed up into it. He sobbed, 
chewing the pillowcase. 
------ End of Forwarded Message 


 
Page 3 of 3 







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  dale10


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





