BDSM Library - The Wedding Gift




The Wedding Gift
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Mr. Black blackmails a youg bridegroom into having sex with his own brother, and then things get more and more perverted and disgusting.






Thu, Dec 14, 2006 11:18 AM 

Subject: FW: The Wedding Gift Part One(Revised) 
Date: Thursday, December 14, 2006 11:18 AM 
From: Dale Gutzman " title="Click here!">&lt;maipenraikhap@sbcglobal.net&gt; 
Conversation: The Wedding Gift Part One(Revised) 


 


&gt; 


 While his assistants lugged in the photography equipment, Mr. Black 
Made himself comfortable in Johnny's apartment. He sat down on the couch 
And smiled warmly at his longtime associate. Mr. Black was thirty-five and 
Very good looking. He was often compared to a taller version of Tom Cruise, 
nicer too by all we hear of Mr. Cruise, and had the smooth 
unblemished features of a high class porno star..which he once had been. He 
had been many other things too: martial arts master; Buddhist monk; gambler; 
smuggler of diamonds; and more. 


 "Where's your brother?" Mr. Black asked, glancing critically around 
the simple male college student apartment.Mr. Black had impeccable taste. He 
couldn't stand squalor, perhaps because as a child he had seen much of it. 


 "In the bedroom." Johnny answered, looking at the floor. Whereas 
Mr. Black wore an expensive silver colored silk shirt and five hundred 
dollar trousers,twenty year old Johnny Martin wore jeans and a tee shirt. 
He was a stunning kid, with a mop of curly hair above a youthfully smooth 
face set off with bright blue eyes. His body was lean but hard and 
perfectly proportioned, and the bumps of his nipples sat proudly on his well 
developed chest and showed through the tee shirt.The jeans fit him like a 
second skin. 


 Johnny had always been a favorite of Mr. Black. 


 "So, tomorrow is the big day, huh?" Mr. Black asked casually. "I cant 
believe little Johnny Martin is getting married. My favorite boy...my 
Biggest seller is tying the knot...to a cunt yet!" 


 "Don't talk about Joni that way..in fact, don't talk about Joni at 
all. Lets just get this over with." Johnny's face grew red with anger. His 
chiseled lips pulled back in a sneer of distaste at his former boss. 


 


 "Johnny and Joni..isn't that cute fellas?" Mr. Black's cameramen 
chuckled. "I cant believe you actually fuck cunt. 


 "You know I'm not gay..I never was. When dad died, and we lost 
everything, I needed money badly to stay at a good college prep school. You 
came along at the right time, and we helped each other. That's all there is 
to it." 


 "Well almost all...now you are one of the most sought after 
young minds at the University...four major companies have already offered 
to pay your way through grad school if you work for them, and you are only 
a college sophomore..and all this was made possible because I helped you." 
Mr. Black rose and went into the kitchen, a minute later he came back with 
a beer. 


 "We helped each other. I hated every minute of it."Johnny squirmed 
uncomfortably in his chair. He really was breathtakingly handsome. 


 "Watching those videos of you sucking dick and taking it up 
your sixteen year old ass, you'd never know you were straight at heart. 
Your videos are still among my biggest sellers, and its been what four 
years..I can hardly believe it..four years." 


Page 1 of 9 



 Johnny sat forward in his chair, the tee shirtt strained against his 
twenty year old chest..he wrung his hands nervously. "I'm grateful you gave 
me the money to finish school, but now those tapes could ruin my 
future..and certainly my marriage. Joni knows nothing of my past." 


 Mr. Black smiled, "What? That you were a pussyboy and were fucked 
in the teenage asshole by over a hundred porno actors? Not to mention that 
basketball team that gangbanged you in "Ball Boy Parts One and Two." And 
now you want me to withdraw my best selling dvds...destroy them, just to 
please you?" Mr. Black took a swig of the beer and threw up his other hand 
in a defeated gesture. "So you want a deal..so we make a deal. I have 
always been easy to get along with. How did the sleeping powder work on 
your darling little brother?" 


 Johnny stared at his carpet once again. He felt terrible. 
He was betraying his own little brother to save his own ass..and his 
marriage. "It worked fine...." he mumbled. 


 "And tomorrow morning, he will think the whole thing was 
just a result of drinking too much at the wedding rehearsal dinner. Well, 
lets get started shall we? " 


 


 "These tapes and photos of Chad will not be sold to the public..only 
to your private clientele...?" Johnny stopped Mr. Black with a hand to his 
chest. 


 Mr. Black did not cotton to being touched casually.He stiffened and 
with a gentle but firm hand removed the boys fingers from his chest. Men had 
died for touching him. 


 "Your brother is sixteen..I can't sell the tapes to the public..only 
underground. I keep my word Johnny, you know me. I'll use the tape as kind 
of a epilogue to your collection..kind of tying up the series..that's all." 
Mr. Black got a gleam in his eye. 


 "By the way, is it true that your wife to be is still a virgin...well her 
cunt anyway;. ? 


 "That is none of your business." Johnny led the way to the 
bedroom. 


 "Oh for Christ sake..loosen up will you..how many time have I 
swung on that ten inch ass buster of yours. I still remember the shock of 
seeing a ten inch dick on a sixteen year old five foot six inch kid..Does it 
still leak the way it used to Johnny? Shit, we used to have precum all over 
the fucking set and the camera equipment and everything..remember. We had 
lots of laughs." 


 Johnny glowered. "You had lots of laughs." 
"So tell me, do you think the little virgin cunt will be able to take 
your fat ten inch pisser?" 


 "Look I don't want to discuss Joni with you. okay? .Here's my 
brother." 


 Sixteen year old Chad Martin lay on Johnny's bed dressed in only 
a pair of blue boxer shorts. The shorts had been worn all day and they now 
clung wrinkled and thin to this genitals and thighs. The boy was built 
larger than his older brother..and was already more muscular..he was a 
football star in high school. He had big pecs capped with quarter sized 
sixteen year old boy nipples. His stomach was rippled and hard and tight 
and a trail of light brown hair sneaked down into the waistband of his 


Page 2 of 9



shorts. His chest was smooth, but he had large tufts of hair sprouting from 
his teenage armpits. One arm rest up and under his cute boyish head. he 
slept soundly..a combination of beer, champagne and the sleeping powder. 
He had strong legs with a light coating of hair and big size eleven, wide, 
teenage boy feet. 


 "What a fucking doll," Mr. Black said. "Is he fucking girls 
yet?" 


 "Yes.." Johnny admitted. "I warn you, I don't want any of these 
pictures ever turning up anyplace where he might see them..you know what I 
mean?" 


 "I swear kid..and then your ties to me are forever 
severed..consider it a wedding present. I make a last bundle of money..off 
of you..and you get out of the business. Well Johnny what say you strip 
down?" 


 Johnny knew what the answer would be, but he needed to ask 
anyway..for the tenth time. He'd been begging ever since Mr. Black had 
called him the week before."Does it have to be with my own brother? Couldn't 
I just do a regular porno shoot like in the old days...." 


 "Johnny you're twenty years old..nobody wants your body anymore..you're 
much too old for my clientele..but a final shoot with your own brother..now 
That's worth something. Especially with the kid as hot as he is...shit look 
at that dicklump. The sleeping boy on the bed did indeed have a huge bulge 
pushing up the thin blue cotton of the underpants. 


 Johnny sighed and slipped off his tee shirt. His body was 
beautiful..he always kept it tanned and shaved...a result of his porno days. 
He unbuttoned his jeans and peeled them down his legs. He stood in tight 
jockey briefs..his huge prick and balls pushing out the white cotton 
material. 


 "Leave the shorts on for the first few shots..By the 
way how did the wedding rehearsal go?" 


 "It went fine .Could we please not talk about 
it...."Johnny stood awkwardly by the side of the bed, looking down at his 
almost naked teenage brother. It had been so long since he had done this 
kind of sex thing with a guy he felt the rush of humiliation sweep over 
him..the same way he had felt when he was sixteen and needed money to stay 
in school. He had told his mother is was a loan from a wealthy anonymous 
donor at the school. Meanwhile, he had fucked and sucked his way through 
high school and received a scholarship to college. 


 "Do you have those framed photos of you and your little 
brother as kids?" 
Johnny pointed to the pictures on the dresser. 


 "Great! Let's start the 
video with a close-up of them as little boys...then pan over to the bed. 
Johnny just get into bed with your brother..pretend to be sleeping." 


 Johnny crawled into bed, his white briefs straining across his 
well developed assmounds. He felt like crying........tomorrow night he would 
be making love to his new wife for the first time..starting a new life..and 
tonight he was shooting a sex video with his unconscious brother. 


 


 "Good Johnny...just relax..like you're sleeping. Now just 
follow my instructions.. well add a soundtrack after..stretch and yawn 
Johnny, like you're waking up. Show those fucking sexy armpits. Now, reach 


Page 3 of 9 



one hand down and scratch your big balls..Shit I hope Joni will be able to 
fit those in her mouth..I know 
How much you loved having your balls sucked back then. ." 


 Johnny glared at the camera and hissed between clenched 
teeth.." I told you to leave Joni out of this. " 


 "Okay okay don't ruin the shot or we have to start over 
again..Now turn onto your side and slide a hand inside your shorts on your 
ass. Good now pretend you have an itch in your asshole and finger your 
pussy. Inside your shorts. See how easily old talents come back..see you're 
throwing a fucking boner already. Jesus Christ kid, I think your dick's 
gotten even bigger..its great the way the dickhead is sticking up out of the 
waistband of the shorts..get a close up of that..Fred, get some still shots 
of that. Hank, pan over to get a shot of the tuxedo hanging on the closet 
door...and the wedding invitation on the dresser.." 


 
Johnny sat up.."Hey wait a minute..nothing about..." 
"Give me a break kid..think of how hot it will be..on the night 


Before his wedding , Johnny fools around with his sleeping 
brother. The ultimate Johnny Cumwad video. Three and a half years after 
his last tape..Ill never understand why you walked out." 


 "I told you I was straight..I wanted my life back. And I 
warned you a dozen times to lay off the kinky stuff.. I told you I wouldn't 
do dogs." 


 "Younger models than you made a bundle sucking and fucking with 
canine friends..its a popular fad..has been for four years. " 


 "The whole business is sick shit, and I'm glad I'm out of it." 


 "Rub your finger over your dickhead..its leaking already. Now 
taste some of your pre cum. Remember how your fans used to love to see you 
eating your own cock spooge...Shit I hope Joni is ready for a lake of 
fuckdrip in her bed.Get close-ups of that leaking dick. What did I tell you 
boys...Johnny here leaks like a fucking hose. 


 Now, look over at your bro..rub your dick through your shorts some 
more like you're getting an idea. Good Johnny, you are a natural star. 
Always were, always will be. Now raise your legs and slip off your 
briefs..Make sure to show us lots of ballsack and 
asshole..I see you still keep your asshole 
shaved..good Johnny, keep it that way..its more hygienic..and Joni will 
appreciate it when she sucks your ass. " 


 At the very thought of his shy virginal bride to be 
sucking his asshole, Johnny's beer can thick prick thumped against his 
stomach and a spray of pre-fuck shot across the bed onto his sleeping 
brother. 


 "Get that sex slop on the brothers chest..." Mr. 
Black directed. 


 Would Joni ever suck his asshole, Johnny wondered. He 
loved getting his shitter sucked more than anything in the world. Lots of 
girls at college had done it for him..but Joni was so very prudish..still he 
loved her, and one had to make sacrifices for love. "Johnny you are as 
beautiful as ever. I take back what I said, you are not over the hill at 
all. You are prime boy dick Now look at your dick and give me an 
expression like 'what am I going to do with this big fat fucking thing on 


Page 4 of 9 



the night before my marriage. Slap your fucker a few 
times like you are one frustrated boy...Jesus look at that pisshole 
leak. It was true, the bed was a swamp of fuckslime...it pooled around 
Chad's sleeping body, and splashes of it coated his teenage skin. 


 "Johnny do me a favor..take that photo of Joni off the 
night table..Now rub it over your dick like you hope it will relieve the 
pressure." 


 "I told you....I don't want Joni a part of this..." 


 We'll alter the image with computer graphics 
later............its a hot idea, you've got to admit..a bridegroom on the 
night before his wedding rubbing his bride-to-be's photo over his thick, 
erect, leaking prick and balls...I know it' 
turning you on boy, your nipples are really hard. " Johnny couldn't help 
it..he was in a state of fucklust..he did rub his leaking prick all over 
Joni's picture. 


 "ohhhhhh fuck..ohhhh fuck..." he moaned. his 
other hand pulling at his nipples. It was something he had done since he was 
a kid when he got horny. He twisted the big pouty tit. 


 "You'll be fucking her tomorrow night, honey..but now it's 
time to notice your little brother sleeping next to you and make him a star 
at sixteen. Look at him closely..look at his handsome smooth teenage 
chest and his adorable face. His face looks younger than sixteen even though 
he has a strong football player's body. Good now..put he photo of Joni on 
the floor...." 
The camera zoomed in to catch a close-up of the pre cum streaked photo of 
The eighteen year old girl. 


 "Now Johnny lean in and sniff your brother's 
armpit..frig your dick with your hand. You are so lonely, and suddenly your 
brother looks so delicious. Stretch out your tongue and lick his armpit 
just a little. Suck on some of his pit hair. Oh boy, look at your prick 
squirt. That's what made you the porno star you became. Nobody has a dick 
that squirts pre-fuck like you do. Now lean up over him and 
kiss him gently on the mouth." 


 


 'I dont think I can do that.I mean sex is sex,but 
kissing a guy is different..." 


 "look it isn't just any guy..its your little brother..you 
love him..as a brother..now lean in and kiss his full young lips..close 
your eyes if you have to and make believe its Joni." Johnny was in a 
state of extreme fucklust. When this happened to him he went kind of crazy. 
More than once Joni had had to push his fingers out of her pussy, and he had 
frigged his own dick in anger right in front of her. He needed it much more 
than she seemed to. He studied his brother's sensitive face..his cute nose 
and full lips..then he leaned down and sealed his lips to them. He 
kissed his brother long and hard...pretending it was Joni. His big thick 
prick leaked all over the boys belly. "Give him some tongue, Johnny...get in 
Close so we can see him swapping spit.You're sure the kid has never fooled 
around with guys?" 


 


 " He fucking hates queers..." Johnny parted the sleeping 
boys lips and shoved his tongue in..it felt so good, so hot. 


 "He fucking hates queers, huh? Wonderful. tongue kiss that sixteen 
year old little stud. Lick his face all over..lick his nose. Cover him in 
your spit. I want to see your spit running off his face. Great, now crawl up 


Page 5 of 9 



and rub your leaking prick all over his face." 


 Johnny felt awful, but he was consumed with lust.That had always 
happened when he made porno films. Even though he hated it, he really got 
into it. 


 He sat on his sixteen year old brothers chest and allowed his fat 
prick to drool dicksnot all over Chad's face and especially 
on his lips. "Oh yeah, get a close up of little brother's first facial. 
Now Johnny, turn around and sit on his face 


 "I don't think I should do that..." Johnny's 
prick lurched and slapped the kids face. 


 "I think you should..get your asshole right over 
his nose and mouth..get that camera down there. Yeah! spread your cheeks 
wide. Wipe your sweaty asshole all over his face. Now, kneel up over his 
head with your dick and balls rubbing all over his face. Now lean over his 
body and with your teeth, peel his boxer shorts down. Keep your leaking 
prick right on his face while you do it. Peel those shorts down. That's it. 
Holy fuck, the kid is hung like you are. Get those fucking shorts off him. 
Get a close up of that teenage dick and scrotum..fuck, the kid's a fucking 
horse. I don't know how the cunts in his school can take that..I guess the 
sluts will do anything for dick. That is a fucking prize winning cuntbuster. 
Johnny, almost finished. Jeez, I hope you don't think about this tomorrow at 
the ceremony or at night when you fuck your bride. Now, let's try 
to get the kid hard..suck his tits..he's got fucking fat cow nipples just 
like yours. Eraser tits. Suck those titties..make believe they're Joni's 
tits. He's a sixteen year old boycunt, if I ever saw one. Suck them, 
Johnny..suck milk from those boytitties. Shit, that kid's tits will be 
producing milk in a couple of years. Look at his prick it's getting 
hard..great..I wonder what the fuck he's dreaming about. Probably his high 
school coach. Jesus Johnny, the whole fucking bed is soaking wet from your 
dickleak. Now Johnny get down and lick his balls..lick that big fat 
sweating fucksack. He's got nuts like hard boiled eggs. Come on Johnny, 
don't let me down now..it's not like you never licked a scrotum before. 
Remember that video where you were licking that guy's nuts and he suddenly 
started to piss all over your face? 


 And remember that fraternity initiation flick where you had to lick the 
ballbags of ten guys. We were afraid your asspussy would never close up 
after you were fucked by all of them. 


 Lick down under the ball bag by the leg and the sack..where all the 
sweat gathers. That's good, suck your brother's nuts. Do you know how 
Many guys would pay hundreds to lick sweaty teenage boy balls? That's a 
fucking faggot culinary delight. Now. lick his prick all over..Get your 
tongue in his pisshole, if you can. Get that camera in real close..swab his 
pisslips with your tongue. Sixteen year old girl fucking pisshole getting 
its first boy licks. Now suck the cockhead. Look at that 
fucker throb..its gotta be over ten inches..Now deep throat the fucker.Come 
on Johnny, I taught you how..deep throat your brother's thick pisser.Balls 
deep. Way down your throat. This is a fucking great movie. 


 Great..great..now turn him over..now spread his legs 
and suck his asshole. Spread those jock ass cheeks and show us that pink 
virgin asspussy...oh God look at that pretty pink pucker...look at that tiny 
shithole...it's fucking gorgeous. I've never seen your dick so hard Johnny.. 
I think you got a thing for your brother's pussy. 


 Spread those ass cheeks wide. Get those ass globes apart. Get your 
tongue up that teenage shithole. Fuck his rectum with your tongue. How does 
that asshole taste boy? Can you taste the dark musky taste of his last 
dump? Can you taste ass sweat? 


 Remember Johnny, how you used to do this every day? That's your little 
Brother's asshole you are sucking Johnny..do a good job. Oh fuck, I've 


Page 6 of 9 



never seen two dicks harder than that, and I have made thousands of fuck 
films. It looks like they're gonna fucking 
explode. Now,shove two pillows under his belly, so his pussy is ready to be 
fucked. " 


 "I can't fuck him..Ill tear him up and he'll 
know." 


 "You gotta fuck him Johnny..look at your 
dick..it's gotta go someplace. You know, you want it..your last gay fuck 
before you change to strictly pussy. Tell him he's got hemorrhoids, and 
they were irritated from all the drinking. Come on, Johnny fuck his ass. " 


 Johnny fucked his young brother's ass.He forced his thick prick 
into the tiny asshole using only spit for lube. He fucked him hard..he 
fucked him deep . When his coke can thick dick wouldn't 
Go all the way in, he shoved roughly..he pushed..he rammed. The prefuck 
slop splashed all over..sprayed up as the dick head forced its way into the 
rosebud rectum. Chad would never be the same again..Johnny wasn't ever the 
same again after his first fuck.. Mr. Black had fucked him the first time.. 
Johnny had cried for two days straight..he had studied his ass in the 
mirror. Mr. Black had told him it was a pussy now. And here was Johnny 
doing the same to his own sixteen year old brother. He fucked the 
unconscious boy's asspussy and made believe it was Joni's cunt. He wondered 
briefly if tomorrow when he fucked Joni, he would pretend it was Chad..but 
that was stupid. Or was it? Sometimes when he beat off he did think about 
Chad fucking all those young high school girls. Chad had already gotten one 
cunt pregnant..he was a real hunky stud. And here, Johnny was fucking his 
muscular boyass. 


 Holy Fuck, it felt good. He could not lie, the kids boypussy was so 
fucking tight and soft inside. Johnny's prick 
felt squeezed, squashed by the virgin dickditch..is this how Joni would 
feel? 


 Is this how her fucking cunt would feel on their wedding night? 


 Johnny fucked harder...faster...the cameras caught it all. The 
twenty year old college student fucking his sixteen year old sleeping 
brother's asshole. 


 Johnny felt fucked up, confused...he'd tried so hard to straighten out 
his life..the world was at his doorstep..he was about to marry the most 
wonderful girl in the world... and he was fucking his little brother in the 
Jock's newly formed boytwat. 


 "Thats enough..pull out and finish off by 
fucking his face." 
"Oh God..Oh fuck..let me shoot off up his ass..let me cum up his 
cunt..." 


 "No, no, Johnny...fuck his face..that's what the 
Clients want; your slimy shitty dick in the kid's mouth." Johnny screamed, 
as he unplugged his fat fucker from the teen twat. His prick was spurting 
pre fuck mixed with stringy shitslime all over the bed.. 


 "Oh fuck..Oh Jesus..oh fuck.." Johnny panted..his 
prick waving and bouncing and spraying everything in sight even the camera 
lens. He crawled up onto the kid again and knelt over the teenage boy's 
pretty face. He pried open the kid's mouth with his fingers. forcing the jaw 
wide. Then, he stuck the head of his shitslick prick between the kids 
lips. 


 "Fuck his face..Johnny, fuck the cunt's face. 
' 
Johnny fucked his dick deep into the teenager's mouth..into his 


Page 7 of 9 



throat..over his tongue..through the pre cum, and ass 
slime. and spit. He grabbed his brother's ears and roughly face fucked the 
slut. At last he knew he was about to cum. 


 "Pull out..shoot all over his face." Johnny did, 
and the pillow and sheet and boyface were drowned in a wave of white slime.. 


 "I should be saving my cum for Joni..." Johnny 
thought as his cum bloated twat stuffer spurted. 


 "With your fingers, scoop up the cumslop and shove 
into his mouth. Fill his mouth with your spooge. Okay Johnny, you can 
relax..lets get some shots of the kid 
covered in cum." 


 Johnny took along hot shower and cried and cried. He felt 
sixteen again...abused...altered forever. Not like a man. It 
was like a black mark had been swiped across his happy marriage plans. He 
came out of the bathroom with a towel wrapped around his lean hips. He stood 
in shock. The guys were taking photos of Chad on his stomach with a huge 
dildo sticking out of his ass. 


 


 "You stop it right now. That's enough. I kept 
my part of the deal..now get out of my life. I gotta get the kid cleaned 
up." 


 With a nod of Mr. Blacks head, one of the assistants left the 
apartment with the video. "We're not quite finished Johnny. You see, I 
realize now that you are too much of a money maker for me to let you go just 
yet..we need a big finale." 


 
"You promised." 


 "Oh fuck, I know I promised..but a buck is a buck. Now 
think boy, what would happen to your life, and to Chad's if copies of that 
tape ever got out, into the hands of your college, or to the big 
businessmen courting you. Not only your life would be ruined, but Chad's 
too. You would go to prison for screwing a minor, and Chad would 
be humiliated for life. So I think you'd better consider doing a few more 
favors for me and then we'll call ourselves even." 


 Johnny slammed a bookcase to the floor. He pounded his fists into 
the wall. He screamed and cried and then threw up. 
Mr. Black waited patiently. He had done this kind of thing before..many 
times 


 
"You're blackmailing me," Johnny sobbed, sitting on the bedroom 
floor. 


 "Only for a short while..I promise. Now, here's 
what we'll do. Well arrange for a special suite for your bridal 
night..nothing spared..I want a really good video of you fucking your virgin 
wife. Well have the best equipment set up behind a mirror. You make sure 
you fuck her in the mouth, the cunt, and the ass, and don't be too 
gentle. split that fucking bitch open. Don't wear a rubber..the clients 
Don't like that. If she gets pregnant so what..its a nice start for your 
marriage. Your job is to convince the frigid prude to suck cock and take it 
up the ass. If she doesn't, and we don't get our tape..the tape of you and 
Chad goes to the University and to Chad's high school as well. Now I'll have 
a little talk with Chad here when he wakes up..just before I fuck him. Ill 
show him some of the snapshots..I'm sure hell come around and cooperate. 


Page 8 of 9 





 "Your wife never needs to know that every Friday afternoon after 
classes, you'll be making a series of fuck films with your 
little brother. Oh, and one more thing..a kind of wedding gift. Tomorrow 
night..after you fuck your new bride and stretch her holes real good, give 
her a sleeping powder. And when she is out, Chad will come in and we'll film 
you fucking him on the bed next to her. He's a stud, so we'll even get him 
to stick his teenage dick into your new bride's pussy while you fuck his 
ass. Remember 
Johnny, not only your life, but the lives of your new bride and your brother 
are at stake here. Oh and Johnny, I have another wedding gift for you..can 
you guess what it is? It's big and male, and it barks, and it wants to make 
a movie with you."


Page 9 of 9 













Mon, Dec 18, 2006 11:11 AM 

Subject: The Wedding Gift Part Two; The Best Man 
Date: Monday, December 18, 2006 11:05 AM 
From: Dale Gutzman " title="Click here!">&lt;maipenraikhap@msn.com&gt; 
To: " title="Click here!">&lt;maipenraikhap@sbcglobal.net&gt; 
Cc: " title="Click here!">&lt;maipenraikhap@msn.com&gt; 
Conversation: The Wedding Gift Part Two; The Best Man 


 
The Wedding Gift Part Two: The Best Man 
by dale 10 


 Chad couldn't believe it. He had awakened in his brother's bed the 
night before Johnny's wedding to Joni, after a 
wild rehearsal dinner, so wild he had blacked out, to find the room full of 
cameras...a well dressed guy who looked a bit like Tom Cruise sitting at his 
Bedside, and a pain in his ass like he had never known. 


 Chad was just sixteen and no Rhodes Scholar. His best subjects in 
high school were gym class and Sex Ed. He was a jock from the top of his 
choppy brown haired head down to his size eleven feet. He was a football 
star in school and lived for two things sports and fucking. 
He was proud of his fucking. The twats loved his muscular body and his 
hard chest with the quarter sized nipples. But mostly, they were awe stuck 
by his ten inch cuntbuster; a prick every other guy school envied. Yes life 
had been good to the big jock...until today. 


 Today his ass hurt like all get out..he'd never felt such a pain, 
like it was ripped apart. And stuff kept leaking out 
of it, but the couldn't look because there were these three guys in the room 
staring at him...two with cameras. Chad held the covers up over his naked 
Body. What the fuck had happened to his boxer shorts? 


 Then the son of a bitch Mr. Black had introduced himself and 
shown him the photos. Photos he couldn't believe. This was a fucking 
nightmare...like on Twilight Zone on the Si Fi Channel. The Motherfucker 
had photos of Chad's brother Johnny fucking him in the ass.So, that was why 
he was in pain..his frigging motherfucking brother had fucked him in the 
ass. Holy Christ, what kind of perverted sick degenerate world was this? 
Chad hated queers, and here his own brother it turns out was one! But how 
could he be? He was about to get married to a really nice eighteen year old 
chick. 


 Mr. Black gently explained it all; how Johnny 
had gotten through school by making gay porno films, how he now wanted to 
lead a normal life leaving Mr. Black and company in need of a new star, and 
how Chad had been nominated. How Mr. Black had arranged for Johnny to do a 
shoot with his unconscious brother and how these pictures and the video were 
perfect insurance that Chad would cooperate. Mr. Black smiled. It wasn't so 
hard even for a dumb jock to understand. 


 "I cant believe Johnny would do this to 
Me," Chad mumbled, holding the bedsheet tighter over his body, realizing 
these men had photographed him naked. His eyes stung like he wanted to cry, 
but Chad was too tough to cry. 


 "No need to be modest Chad my boy," Mr. Black offered. "Look at this 
nice photo of Johnny's big dripping prick in your mouth...look at all that 
cum drool on your chin...we can see your face 


Page 1 of 8 



real clear." 


 Chad gagged and almost puked. Shit, he'd 
had a dick in his mouth!" I'll kill the motherfucker," he said. 


 "I dont think so. you see, Johnny really 
had no choice. When your father departed, Johnny kept you and your family 
in food and clothing by selling his ass on film. You owe him a debt of 
thanks. But, he wants to marry this cunt you see..he wants to forget his 
past. So, we decided to make a nice farewell wedding flick...two brothers 
the evening before the wedding. We needed you in the role of the younger 
brother. Well, it turned out so well...I decided to do a whole series of 
films starring you my boy. You and that big fat sixteen year old dick of 
yours. You will bring in a shitload of money for me." Mr. Black smiled and 
put one hand on Chad's sheet covered leg. The boy pulled 
away. 


 "Touch me again fucker and you die!" he spat! 


 "On the contrary Chad, I shall touch you 
all I want, and then I will fuck your ass and shove my dick in your mouth. 
I love fucking sixteen year old twat 
faced boys!" 


 Chad lost it then. He didn't give a fuck 
if he was naked. He threw off the sheet, and big teenage dick swinging and 
ass drooling cum, he attacked Mr. Black. 


 Well Mr. Black who had spent many years in the Orient and who was 
quite an expert at Hung Gar, a South Chinese 
defense form made popular by the Once Upon A Time in China films, neatly 
flipped the sixteen year old onto the bedroom floor and put one foot on his 
chest. "Chad, never bite off more than you can chew, unless it's dick, in 
which case don't bite at all just swallow!" 


 Poor Chad lay on the floor looking up 
at the well dressed man. He felt even more like crying, but as I said, 
sixteen year old high school jocks don't cry. 


 "Oh By the by Chad...your brother's fuckslime is running out of your 
ass like water from a leaky damn." 


 Chad felt the puddle of cum beneath him. Acute 
humiliation washed over the boy. His big muscled body trembled. His huge, 
muscular quarter sized nippled pecs rose and fell with each deep breath, as 
his ego just fell. "Fuck!" he said. 


 "Exactly! You will fuck and get fucked for me. You will make a series 
of films with your brother, after the wedding. 


 You will also make some films with others..you will be paid handsomely. 
If you refuse or cause trouble, photos and videos of you will be sent to 
every college in the country ruining your chances of an athletic scholarship 
or of ever playing professional sports. Your brother will go to prison, and 
who knows what the fuck will ever happen to you. You don't seriously think 
any cunt will ever fuck you after they see these do you? I mean, look at 
this photo...that's dick scum all over your lips!" 


 "Oh fuck..what can I do...." Chad wailed. He sat up covering his 
genitals with his hands. Mr. Black sat on the edge of 
the bed looking down at him. 


 "You can be a good little boy and do what I tell 


Page 2 of 8 



you. After your asshole gets stretched a bit, it will be almost painless. 
Who knows, you might even get to like fucking around with guys." 
"I'm not a fag I never will be!" 


 "That's of no concern to me. Now, get up on the 
bed here. We want to get some nice solo shots of you awake." 


 Chad got back on the bed, hands still cupped 
over his dick and balls, although his equipment was so large part of his 
bag and stalk showed anyway. It was cute and amusing. 


 "You guys are really fucking sick you know that? You are fucking 
degenerates." 


 "Yes, and very very rich. Now, sit up with 
your back against the headboard.. Very nice. You've got a little spit on 
your lower lip...wipe that off. Johnny was nice enough to clean your body 
for you, except for the cum up your asshole. We left that as proof for you. 
Now, remove your hands from your fine prick and balls and spread your legs 
wide...lets get some nice still shots for advertising our new star!" 


 Chad screwed up his face. "Please..please 
Don't do this to me. I never beg anybody. Never have, but I am begging you 
now. Please,just go away. Leave us alone, please!" 


 "Spread your legs nice and wide so your big teenage balls show. You 
have a very nice dick and balls. They are huge. Amazing on a 
sixteen year old, but I imagine the freshmen cunts at your high school have 
already told you that. They probably have a hell of a time taking all that 
prick, but you don't relent do you? You just shove it in balls deep. That's 
how I like to fuck too, balls deep..and hard. But I imagine it's become kind 
of a badge of honor among the fourteen year old twats to have taken your fat 
dick in all the way to the cervix. Right? At least that's how it was when I 
went to school. Do you make the little girls lick the sweat off 
those big balls after the football games? I hear that's a favorite sport 
among high school jocks. They don't wash their balls after a game and have 
the high school girls lick their nutsacks at the party afterwards. You know 
Chad, cute stud like you. maybe we'll even make some bisexual flicks. Let 
you fuck some cunt, would you like that? Come on now you dumb twat, move 
those hands, and lets see your prick." 


 Chad didn't know what to do. He just sat there 
in his brother's slimy bed. He wanted to die. He felt miserable. And 
my God his ass hurt...well why not...his brothers dick was as big as his. 
How many virgin asses can take ten inches of thick dick? 


 "I don't feel good.. I feel like I need to puke." 
he said. 
"I can imagine. Well then, let's get this over 
with quickly, and you can rest. Now, take your hands off your prick." 


 Chad slowly removed his hands from his big teenage prick and balls And 
the fat pink hunk of fuckmeat was exposed to the cameras. The 
photographers began to snap photos. The poor high school jock felt 
completely humiliated. Guys were taking pictures of his dick! 


 "Spread your legs wider...cock one knee up so 
the balls show better. Guys, get in on that fat teen scrotum. Chad, put your 
arms behind your head like you are resting...show those sweaty hairy 
armpits. I'll bet you make the teenage cunt lick those out too, huh? Now, 
smile a the camera. Come on Chad 


Page 3 of 8 



Baby, you can smile for us. Here, let me fluff up your dick and balls a 
bit." Mr. Black reached out and lifted Chad's heavy dick. Chad moaned at 
the feel of a guy's hands on his cock. 


 


 "So nice and thick...what a fucktube 
You've got my boy. And I'll bet not even fully grown yet. Let me fluff up 
those balls a bit too." Mr. Black lifted the sixteen year old bag. He felt 
the hard boiled egg sized nuts inside the velvet soft sack. 


 


 "We need to shave your balls and asshole though..guys like them smooth 
in the films." 


 One big heavy tear coursed its way down Chad's 
cheek..and hung suspended from his chin. "I want to see me brother," He 
said quietly as the cameras clicked. 


 "Yes of course. We felt it was better if we get 
this over with first. Then you can see him. He's so nervous about his 
wedding. I'm afraid his dick is too big for that virgin's cunt. Don't you 
think so? He really ripped up your asshole something fierce. How does it 
Feel? All stretched out and swollen and torn up inside? Imagine that in her 
tight virginal cunt." 


 "Shut Up!" Chad snapped. Mr. Blacks hand was 
so fast Chad never saw it coming. He backhanded the boy and sent him 
tumbling onto the floor again. 


 "Listen your stupid piece of jockdick..you 
behave. You do exactly as I tell you and watch your mouth. I want respect. 
One call, one word and your reputation is worth shit. One word, and your 
life is in ruins. Now, get your sorry dumb ass back up on this bed...get on 
Your hands and knees. Ass toward the camera stupid. Now spread your legs. 
so we can see your swinging balls. Show us that fucked asshole. You have 
been fucked boy...you are a fucked out faggot boy twat!" 


 Chad did cry then. Like he hadn't cried since he 
lost his dad. Like he swore he would never cry again. He cried and 
cried..sobbed...ass to the cameras, shutters clicking. Mr. Black wanted 
shots of the boy crying. It looked so pretty. 


 


 "Now put your head and shoulder onto the bed, reach back with your 
hands and spread your ass cheeks..we want to see your fucked out hole!" 


 Imagine putting a healthy normal sixteen year old boy through this 
kind of torment! "Now push out with your asshole like you were taking a 
shit. Spread those ass globes and push out. Try to 
get some cum leaking out. Shit, I hope he hasn't lost it all already. Push 
Boy, like you are trying to shit. " 


 Chad tightened his tummy and pushed. Suddenly, he 
let out a really wet fart and cum spurted from his asshole. Mr. Black 
laughed with glee, and the cameras snapped, and Chad wanted to die. "Turn 
your head Chad, look at the camera. I know its uncomfortable, but it's just 
for a second. Now fart again for us..." 


 After several more humiliating ass shots, Chad 
was instructed to turn around again. "Now stroke your dick into a hardon. 
Let's shoot this." Chad hesitantly grabbed his big flaccid dick and tried. 
He really tried to get it up, but it wouldn't get hard. 


 "I cant," he said finally. "Im too fucking 


Page 4 of 8 



scared." Tears ran down his beautifully smooth cheeks. "I cant get it up." 
This in itself was humiliating. Shit the boy could always get it up. He had 
a terrible time because he usually couldn't keep it down. He threw constant 
boners in the classroom, and with his huge dick, everyone could see it. Even 
the teachers got off on seeing Chad with his fuck sausage half way down his 
leg. He was hard half 
the fucking time, and now he couldn't do it. It was the fucking fags. 


 Mr. Black snickered. "Little pussy cant get a 
hard on? Little fucking pussyhole cant get hard? Maybe he needs it up the 
ass to get hard..huh?" 


 The naked sixteen year old growled and spat. He 
clenched his teeth and sputtered. He cursed and screamed and yanked on the 
dick as if he were trying to pull the fucking thing off his body, but he 
couldn't get hard. The guys laughed at him. He cried harder and harder. 
Sobs wracked his muscular young body as he sat in bed and jerked on his fat 
limp dick. 


 "Okay, okay, you useless piece of cuntmeat, we'll 
shoot a hard on later if you can ever get one. Let's get the bathroom shots. 
Move your ass boy, we got a wedding tomorrow. And you are best man. " 
Chad stumbled to the bathroom, dick and balls swinging, large masculine feet 
tripping on the rug. In the bathroom, he saw various video cameras set up. 


 "Okay boy, time to get cleaned up, after your brother 
fucks your ass. We want some shots of your daily post ass fucking cleaning 
routine. So, sit on the toilet. No, lift the 
toilet seat and sit on the cold porcelain rim, it looks sexier. Now hunker 
down. Lift and spread on leg and put your big foot on the sink. Good, now 
put your other foot on the towel rack, so your legs are spread wide, and we 
can see dick and balls and asshole. How's that for a shot boys?" 


 Chad sat on the toilet, legs up and spread 
Wide, his asshole well lit and on display, except that his big boy balls 
hung over it. "Hold your useless soft dick and your balls up out of the 
way so we can see your pussyhole. That's what it is from now on. Not just an 
asshole anymore, but a full fledged cunthole! Stop crying. Try to look 
happy for shits sake. Okay now, take a shit for us. Shit out your 
brother's cum and blood and I hope some turds too..our viewers love teenage 
turds for some reason." 


 


 What kind of monsters want to look at videos of a sixteen year old 
boy shitting? What kind of sick, perverted world was this? Chad was just 
staring to find out. He just sobbed. He couldn't control his 
crying. He gulped air, and his eyes overflowed with tears. His teenage nose 
Ran, and he felt the cum up his ass leaking out. He pushed. A loud fart, 
and then, the crap from his ass splattered the toilet bowl. The cameras 
got it all; his young asshole opening, the wet slime shooting out. It was a 
great shot. "Good. Now, the audience can see how much boyfuck you had in you 
Chad...how well you were fucked. Get a closeup of those raw swollen ass lips 
boys..now, keep shitting Chad. lets see some shit." 


 The broken sixteen year old boy with his legs 
up and spread took a shit for the men with the cameras. He took a shit for 
the video tapers. He took a shit for the faggot men who were blackmailing 
him. With each new photo, with each inch of videotape, he sank deeper and 
deeper into a mire from which he would never be able to extricate himself. 


 "Finished pooping Chad? Good, then wipe 
yourself real good. Keep the cameras on him wiping himself. Just make 


Page 5 of 8 



believe you're on that tv show that films teens in their private 
lives. Chad, you are on Real World tv, wiping your ass after a nice shit. 
Smile at the camera. Show the camera the shitty toilet paper before you drop 
it into the toilet bowl. The guys like it when boys like you share really 
private moments with them. Good Chad, now go lay in the bathtub. No, your'e 
not going to shower yet..just lay down in the bathtub..head over here..set 
the cameras up 
guys." 


 Chad was terrified. He lay in the cold 
tub looking up at Mr. Black. Chad's big nipples were hard and sticking 
Out, real piggyboy tits. 


 "What year are you in high school Chad?" 


 "I'll be a junior when school starts in 
Fall, " he answered meekly. 


 "I hear good things about you.I hear 
they are already scouting you for Big Ten teams. You could have quite a 
nice career ahead of you. If you don't fuck up." While Mr. Black spoke, 
he began to get undressed. He slipped off his expensive shoes. He 
unbuttoned his designer shirt. Chad watched him with a kind of morbid 
Fascination, dreading with horror the unknown. 


 "What are you going to do to me? He 
asked with trembling lips. 


 Mr. Black smiled. "Im going to piss on 
you Chad. Im going to piss on your face." 


 Chad began to burble..that's the only word for 
it. "No..no..no no.." he burbled over and over, shaking his beautiful 
head. "No...No....No......pleeeease no." 


 "Oh, grow up for God's sake..what's a little piss 
between guys. I'm gong to piss on your face Chad, and then, you will open 
your mouth, and I'm going to piss in your mouth." Mr. Black slipped off his 
expensive silk boxers and stood naked. His own dick was still flaccid but 
hung a good seven inches, thick as a flashlight." I feel a nice long piss 
coming. Now, we have to do this in one take Chad, so I want no trouble from 
you." Mr. Black stepped up to the side of the tub. Chad looked up a the 
big dangling dick and the golfball sized nuts. 


 "Do you have to?" he whimpered..a child now..a lost terrified child. 


 "Yes Chad I have to. Is this the first time 
anybody has ever pissed on you?" The sixteen year old nodded his head. "I 
thought maybe for a team initiation or something like that. Oh well, there's 
always a first time for everything. Look at my dick Chad. Look at my big 
dickhead. Get that look in the shots boys. Get his face and my big 
dick. I'm sure you will learn to love dicks Chad. With enough time. They are 
really beautiful things. after all, if cunts can love them, why cant you. 
You are kind of like a cunt Chad. A dumb jock boycunt. A brotherfucked 
teenage twatboy. A dickdump...that's what you are Chad, and now you are 
about to become a toilet...a urinal...a urinal faced faggot scum sucking 
pisstrough. ' 


 Mr. Black began to piss on Chad. Chad screamed 
like it was scalding hot water hitting him, not warm stinking piss. When 
the boy screamed, piss filled his mouth. Acrid yellow piss, as Mr.Black had 


Page 6 of 8 



eaten lots of asparagus for the occasion. He gagged and puked up piss. More 
piss cascaded down on him. The video cameras whirred, and the other cameras 
clicked...great shots of a sixteen year old boy getting pissed on. Mr. 
Black pissed down over Chad's nipples, making them harder than ever. He 
pissed down on Chad's flaccid prick, then up again onto the boy's smooth 
face.. 


 "'Atta boy..'atta boy, you are doing fine...almost 
finished. Lift your head a bit so I can piss up your nostrils...Now open 
your mouth wide..stick your tongue out...do it boy. We don't want to have to 
go through this again, do we? Now don't swallow..let your mouth fill with 
piss.....good boy... now gargle the piss. Get some close ups." 


 Chad was almost out of his mind. He wanted 
nothing except for the horror to end. His head felt about to explode..it 
was hard to breath..the smell of piss was smothering. He gargled the bitter 
Tasting, stinking yellow urine and then when ordered to, he swallowed it. 
At long last the piss flow stopped. It was over. Almost. 


 Mr. Black stepped into the bathtub..he stood over 
the boy. Now, he grabbed Chad's ears and brought him up close to his big 
pink prick. Chad smelled cock smell. "Now Chad,we're almost finished 
here. I just need you to lick my dick and balls a little. Just to prove what 
a dedicated little sixteen year old cocksucker you are." 


 "I'm not a cocksucker..." Chad mumbled his lips 
pressed against dickflesh. 


 "Yeah whatever. Lick my dick...lick my fat fucker, 
and you'll get a nice surprise. It will get hard. Not like your worthless 
wiener. Lick dick boy. Think about your future. About your life, and make 
the smart decision...lick cock to save yourself boy." 


 Chad licked cock. He licked the fleshy moving skin 
of the cockshaft. He tasted dick. Mr. Black's Prick grew to a very thick 
nine inches. He had a tremendous dickhead...like an apple. "Lick my 
pissslit. You already had my piss, so its no big deal is it jockfag? Lick 
my peehole for me. Lick those pisslips. I love the feel of teenage tongue on 
my pisslips. Got that boys? A closeup of cuntboy 
here licking pisshole? Now suck cock Chad...just suck cock and we are 
finished here and you can rest. Just suck my dick for me and its all over 
for today. Then you can see your brother. Suck prick pussymouth..come 
on...'atta boy...open wide...take that dickhead in. " 


 Chad sucked dick. He made his mind a blank and 
sucked dick. It wasn't real, what was happening to him. It was a terrible 
Dream, and he would wake up soon. 
He sucked dripping cockhead. 


 "You know boy, I don't suck cock. I face fuck 
cocksuckers like you, but I don't suck cock. It's so fucking demeaning to 
actually have a man's penis in your mouth. To take his pisser, his 
fuckmeat, and put it in your mouth and suck on it, how disgusting. Suck 
harder boy. And of course, once you have had a dick in your mouth, well, 
then you are a cocksucker for the rest of your life. I mean even if you 
never do it again, you are still always a cocksucker, aren't you? Get his 
tears dripping on to my pubic hair boys. Yeah, I'm afraid you are a 
cocksucker, Chad. Every girl you kiss will 
smell dick on your breath. But that's okay, cause we're going to turn you 
into a really good cocksucker...a first class cocksucker. You'll make lots 
of money sucking cock in films. Thats one thing about me, I never cheat my 


Page 7 of 8 



boys. Take more dick in your mouth. Oh yeah, we gotta teach you how to 
deep throat dick. We've got plenty of time for that though. Now, pull your 
pretty face back. I want to shoot off all over your lips. I think we'll call 
this particular video..." The Best Man." we'll get some shots of you 
dressing in your tux for your brother's wedding and include them in this 
video. 


 Tomorrow morning, we start filming.."The Wedding Day." You get to 
perform with your handsome brother in that one, and Joni gets in on the act 
too, later though. Yes Sir, it's going to be such fun.". 


 Mr. Black raised one bare foot and nudged 
Chad's huge teenage balls with his toes. The nuts swung. Chad felt like a 
fucking animal...a circus freak...worse. "You better get some sleep boy. You 
gotta be able to get a hard on for your brother's wife tomorrow night." 


 "I wont fuck my brothers new bride!" Chad said defiantly, the slick 
dick slapping against his lips and leaking. 


 "Of course you will. You're all trapped and you 
have no choice. You, your brother, and eventually his new wife. I can 
hear the cash register ringing. You will fuck the bride, then the groom will 
fuck you, and then...well, think of the possible combinations." Mr. Black 
shot off...spraying the sixteen year old boys crying face with wads of thick 
sloppy cum. "You are my fucking sixteen year old whoreboy. You are my 
boytoy cunt. You are my cumdump ...my slutkid...my Hole!" 


Page 8 of 8 













Thu, Dec 21, 2006 11:11 PM 

Subject: FW: Wedding Gift Part Three The Big Day (revised) 
Date: Thursday, December 21, 2006 11:08 PM 
From: Dale Gutzman " title="Click here!">&lt;maipenraikhap@msn.com&gt; 
To: " title="Click here!">&lt;maipenraikhap@sbcglobal.net&gt; 
Cc: " title="Click here!">&lt;maipenraikhap@msn.com&gt; 
Conversation: Wedding Gift Part Three The Big Day (revised) 


 
- 
The Wedding Gift: The Big Day 
by dale10 


 Sixteen year old Chad sat bare assed naked on the living room couch 
next to his twenty year old brother Johnny who was also naked. On a chair 
across the room Mr. Black sat fully clothed sipping a martini and gently 
lecturing them. A muscular dork with a camera videotaped the two naked boys 
on the couch. Both boys had been ordered to sit with their legs spread wide 
so their large flaccid cocks and heavy sagging balls 
hanging off the edge of the couchseat could be clearly seen. They were well 
endowed, even though Chad the younger of the boys was only sixteen. 


 Both boys had done a lot of shouting and crying in the last few 
hours. Chad had attacked Johnny, blaming him for the 
whole situation, and even though Johnny tried to explain that he had only 
started making gay porno films to help the family survive after they lost 
their dad, Chad felt not only betrayed but violated. After all, he had been 
fucked in the ass and mouth by his own brother while he slept...on the night 
of his brothers wedding rehearsal dinner. Now that fucker Black had enough 
photos and tapes of them in action to ruin both their lives forever. Chad 
wasnt nearly as smart as Johnny, nor as cool headed. He wanted to hurt 
somebody for this violation, and when he couldnt take it out on anybody 
else...he put his own fist into the wall. Now one of his large jock hands 
was swollen and red. 


 Johny hung his handsome head and looked at the floor. 
"Look up at the camera please," Mr. Black's gentle voice reminded him. 
He hated himself. He would rather have died than see his little brother and 
now his new bride tangled in theis web of degenerates and pornographers. 
He curled his large toes into the carpet and wrung his hands. "Move your 
hands Johnny. We cant quite see your fat prick." 


 Johnny's chest heaved with a swallowed sob, as 
he moved his hands. Johnny had a monster dick. That was what first 
interested Mr. Black when he had found the kid in highschoolin desperate 
need of money, wanting a college education. Johny had a fine future ahead of 
him now, thanks to Mr. Black's financial assistance gained through Johnny's 
fine work as a fuckerboy in the most humiliating and degrading underground 
dickflicks. Johnny's attempt to straighten out his life, get married, 
graduate and take a job with a promising future was all fucked up now. Mr. 
Black wanted a few more special service from him before he would let the 
boy out of his life. Those extra services unfortunately involved Johnny's 
little brother, the high school jock, and Johnny's eighteen year old bride 
to be Joni. If Johnny didnt cooperate, he could find himself in prison and 
his marriage ruined, his future destroyed and 
his little brother's life a shambles at 16. 


Page 1 of 7 





 "Okay Johnny..Chad..the camera is filming. You know what to say and 
do..we've talked this through three times already. Now, dont waste my time 
and yours; we have to get you boys to the 
church for the big day." 


 Johnny looked up into the camera. When he tried to speak his 
voice was thick and hoarse. He swallowed a huge lump of 
something..,humiliation probably, and tried again. 


 "Hi..my name is Johnny Garcia...some of you know me from my films. 
well today is a very big day in my life. You see, I'm getting married. I'm 
getting married to a wonderful girl named Joni. Here is a picture of her." 


 


 Johnny hated this part..he held up the photo of his beloved fiance. 
His future was as fragile as the picture frame in his hands. He silently 
prayed for the nightmare to end. 


 "Go on..." Mr. Black urged. 


 "Joni is eighteen like I said and a virgin. She 
has never been fucked. I'm goinmg to invite you along for my wedding 
Night, so all my video audience friends can watch me fuck ......can watch me 
fuck my new bride for the first time." 


 Johnny closed his eyes. Sweat ran down his face even though the room 
was cool. Next to him, his sixteen year old brother shook his head and 
gazed at the floor. 


 "Those of you who have seen my suck and fuck films know that I have a 
really big prick, and you can imagine how much...how much its going to hurt 
when I stuff my hunk of fuckmeat into Joni's virgin pussy." Johnny stopped. 


 "I can't do this Mr. Black..I just can't...." 


 "Of course you can to protect Joni and Chad and 
yourself. Now come on..show us your cuntrammer...oh, and spread your legs 
more so we can really see your fat egg sized balls too." Johnny spread his 
strong young legs wider, rubbing his knee against his brother's leg. Chad 
pulled away. He wanted to puke. 


 "Its probably goign to hurt even more..when...when 
I shove my big dick into her asshole. And you can be sure she will...she 
will choke on this fucktool too tonight, when I fuck her in her face. We're 
about to get dressed to go to the church for the wedding ceremony. The guy 
next to me on the couch is my best man and brother Chad. Chad is sixteen 
years old and a real jock . He's been fucking cunt for two years now. " 
With that, Johnny turned toward his brother. The two boys looked at each 
other. Until that morning, their relationship had been one of mutual respect 
and brotherly love, but Chad had awoken from a boozy sleep to find he had 
been ass and mouth fucked by his own brother who had been making money by 
doing queer videos..homo flicks..faggot films. Chad himself had been made 
by Mr. Black to do the most disgusting things. Both boys were now trapped. 


 "Go on," Mr. Black, urged, gently rubbing his own 
dick through his 700 dollar trousers. 


 "Good morning Chad..." Johnny said artificially. 
Tears brimmed in his eyes as he stared at the look of hate mixed with 
humiliation in Chads young eyes. Usually, the sixteen year old was so much 
more self confident than Johnny had ever been. 


 "Good morning Johnny...are you excited about your 
wedding?" Chad recited his memorized lines like a robot. He was scared 


Page 2 of 7 



shitless. 


 
"Very excited Chad. I love Joni so much." 
"Ill be tyou cant wait to fuck her virgin twat..huh? And her fresh 


tight little asshole. And her pretty mouth." 


 "I haven't slept all night. My dick was dripping just 
thinking about ramming my prick into her cunt. And you know how much my big 
fat fucker leaks." Johnny's voice dropped so low Mr. Black made him do that 
line again. Both boys were actually trembling with fear. Johnny and Joni had 
held off having sex. They really wanted their marriage to be a sacred thing. 
And here he was desecrating the sanctity of the union by spouting filth for 
the video camera. 


 " Yeah, your horsedick is always leaking all over the fucking house. 
Half the time I can tell which dirty underwear is yours just from the crusty 
pre fuck leakage on the material. Look how big your fuck meat is and it's 
not even hard. It's as thick around as a coke can." 


 "Little bro, you got nothing to be ashamed of. You are only sixteen and 
you have one hell of a twatbuster on you too." 
On cue from Mr. Black, both boys pushed their hips up toward the camera, 
so their huge still flaccid pricks flopped and swung. 
Mr. Black had to prompt Chad, who had never done this kind of thing 
before. 


 " Oh, Johnny, your fucking bitch of a new wife is going to hurt for days 
after you stuff that fucksausage up her twat. And I know you love to fuck 
the cunts as hard as you can too. Shit, I must take after you. You know, 
come to think of it bro...I wouldn't mind grabbing a piece of that fucking 
Bitch's hole myself." Chad said..his acting was become a bit more 
natural..at least the dialogue sounded like he really talked. 


 "Shit Chad, why dont you come around to the hotel and 
fuck my new bride tonight right after I ream out her virgin cunt." Johnny 
had tears in his eyes as he said this. Part of him wanted to die. Part of 
him was already dead. Good thing, the dialogue was almost finished. 


 "Fuck Johnny, you'd share your bride's pussy with me?" 


 "Christ Chad, course I would. What the fuck are brothers for, 
if they can't help each other out." There, the stupid script was 
finished...now the next part. As directed, Johnny leaned in and kissed his 
younger brother on the lips. It felt so weird, so fucking strange. I mean, 
the two of them had grown up together; both were straight, although Johnny 
had had lots of male sex experience in his filmmaking days. But kissing his 
own brother, his own straight jock sixteen year old brother was something 
else again. Their lips met, Chad closed his eyes and winced a bit. Guys 
kissing him...the very thought of it made him sick to his stomach, but here 
he was. He moaned slightly and shifted uncomfrortably on the couch, his 
huge, fat sixteen year old jock dick flopping to one side. 


 "Come on boys," Mr. Black whispered, "Use your 
tongues. French kiss. Make believe it's a bitch you're kissing." The two 
brothers opened their mouths and snaked out their pink tongues.The tongues 
touched and withdrew..then extended again..then slowly twisted around each 
other..spit from one boy mouth finding itself flowing into another. They 
began to suck at each others mouths..feeling more and more sick all the 
time. Suddenly, Chad knew he was going to barf. He sprang form the couch 
and ran to the bathroom. Johnny sat there a stupid look on his face, 
listening to sounds of his younger brother throwing up. 


Page 3 of 7 



 "I guess he doesn't like kissing you," Mr. Black remarked with a 
wry smile. "Use some mouth wash boy and get your jock ass back in here." 
he shouted to the kid in the toilet. Chad came back looking 
even more miserable. His smooth face was pale and had none of its youthful 
arroagance. His lower lip trembled. 


 "Please...." was all he said. 


 "Get your hunky ass on that couch and kiss your brother." Mr. Black 
ordered. So they tried take two of the kissing 
session. "Rub each others chests..play with each others nipples while you 
kiss." Johnny kept thinking about his wedding ceremony in just a few 
hours. He thought about Joni, and how much he loved her and wanted to 
protect her. He tugged at his brothers fat rubbery nipples and felt Chad's 
fingers twisting his own titties. "Good..now Johnny lick down your brothers 
chest to his pubic hair..then suck his dick hair a little..then start 
licking his cockshaft." 


 "Im sorry," Johnny whispered, as he trailed 
spit down Chads beefy well muscled chest. Johnny did know how to make a 
good fuck flick and his natural talent now took over. He sucked on his 
brothers big fat teen nipples and let spit run down the smooth stomach into 
the cockbush. He licked his way down. Chad stiffened and whimpered, feeling 
ashamed and disgusted and repulsed and turned on all at the same time. His 
teenage prick that hardened about thirty times a day started to grow thick. 
He prayed he wouldnt get a boner from his own brother, but the thick fat 
prick had a mind of its own. 


 "Get the camera in on the young kid's pisser..,thats right Johnny start 
to lick the dick shaft. Holy Fuck,look at that fucking thing grow. " Chad 
curled his toes and made fists with his hands. He gritted his teeth and 
closed his eyes.He was so cute. 


 "Now Chad while your brother licks your prick, pick up 
the photo of his fiance and lick it. Lick all over the glass. Think about 
fucking your brothers wife with your big pussy stuffer, while he licks the 
pre fuck drooling from your prick. " 


 "Oh God help me," Chad sobbed, unable to not 
think about Joni's twat and how much he would love to fuck her. Chad was at 
that age when he wanted to fuck every cute chick he saw, even his brother's 
fiance. He thought about what her puffy pussy lips must look like, and his 
big boy dick gave a lurch and splattered some pre-fuck on the groom to be. 


 "Lick Chad's big balls Johnny. They are really 
beautiful arnt they? You've licked lots of ballsacks in your career 
Johnny; small smooth tight asian scrotums, big floppy niggerballs, sweaty 
Puerto Ricah Spic nuts, but your brother's ballbag is a real beauty. So 
healthy and youthful...suck that nutsack Johnny. Suck your brother's 
ballbag. Good. Good...get lots of spit on those nuts. Slick them up for 
us. Oh Jesus, get that camera down on Johnny's dick for a minute..hes 
starting in to leak.." Johnny was known among avid faggot porno collectors 
as the stud with the dripping dick. His dick leak wasn't only exessive..it 
was obscene. When Johnny's dick started drooling everything got soaked with 
fuckslop. 


 Johnny sucked his own sixteen year old brother's nuts and his prick 
spooge puddled on the carpet. 


 "Brotherly love at its best. Now, scoot down 
a bit Chad boy, so brother John can lick and suck your teenage jock asshole 
for you. Rub some of your prickleak all over Jonis picture. " 


 Both boys were groaning now half in humiliation, half in boy lust. Johnny 


Page 4 of 7



licked up and down Chad's asscrack and then worked his tongue deep into the 
asshole itself. 
Chad's erect dick sputtered and throbbed, the large piss slit 
opening and closing like some kind of aquatic creature. 


 "Get your tongue way up that asshole. Get it nice and wet. Slobber on 
those asslips...kiss them, french them, tongue fuck them.' 


 The camera panned up to Chad's chest. His teenage 
nipples looked about to explode, they were so red and swollen. His muscular 
chest heaved, and the camera continued up, capturing the boy's lust twisted 
face. His mouth hung slack spit drooling form it. His tongue hung from his 
mouth swiping at the air. He groaned in youthful fuck need, "oh fuck..oh 
fuck..." over and over. 


 He thought about the freshman girl at school he had fucked the previous 
weekend and how he had rammed her virgin pussy. How he had lied and told her 
he loved her just to get into her twat. His fucking 
dick was so fucking hard, he couldnt stand it. 


 "Now Johnny its time to fuck your little brother. 
climb up there and shove that huge prick of yours into his little teenage 
boytwat. You know how to hold your body so the camera catches it all...keep 
the twat's legs spread." 


 


 "Oh..oh..please dont fuck me..please dont fuck 
me..please dont fuck me..." Chad whimpered and moaned as Johnny's fat pink 
dickhead teased the sixteen year old asshole ring. 


 "I have to fuck you Chad..I'm sorry..so 
Sorry," Johnny grunted and pushed two inches of fuckslab into his brother's 
asspucker. 


 "Oh fuck..its too thick..oh fuck its too 
thick......" 


 Mr. Black laughed. "You took it fine last 
night when you were unconscious. You'll be surprised at how a cunt can 
stretch." 


 Johnny shoved in another inch. 


 "Oh God no Johnny..for the love of God..youre ripping my 
asshole..you're riping my asshole." The tough yong jock was behaving like a 
teenage twat on her first fuck date. 


 "Think Chad. of all the little girl cunt 
you stretched and stuffed with your teenage schlong. Think of those little 
twats screaming and crying. Did you stop, or did you fuck in all the harder? 
Now its your turn to get fucked baby boy. Johnny I want you balls deep in 
that pussy." 


 Johnny slammed his dick into his little brother's asshole. pre cum 
squirted out of the rectum around the fat cock. Johnny's balls slapped his 
brother's body. The kid threw his head from side to side, sweat misting the 
air, the boy's cute face was twisted into a mask of pain. He was only 
sixteen years old. Only a boy! 


 "Oh God no..Jesus..take it easy..oh fuck Johnny 
please..please no..don't pull out and jab back like that...let me just rest 
for a minute..please let my hole get used to it.....pleaassssssssseeeeeeee!" 


 Johnny fucked his brother's asshole as hard as he could. He knew if 
it wasn't satisfactory, they'd only have to do it again. 


Page 5 of 7 



 Chad cried like a baby, Johnny fucked asshole, and mr. Black counted the 
anticipated receipts. A sixteen year old boy getting fucked always brought 
in big bucks...a sixteen year old getting fucked by his own brother was sure 
to be a mega hit, and a sixteen year old boy getting fucked by his older 
brother on the brother's wedding day..JACKPOT! 


 
"Im gonna fucking cummmmmm" Johnny yelled. 
"Pull out and shoot all over his face," Mr. Black growled in his 


best Hollywood director style. 
"Awww Christ no...." Chad sobbed. 


 Johnny popped his big prick out of the boy ass..drawing some asslining 
out with it, all caught nicely on film. Then, he hunkered up over his 
brother's head, grabbed the muscle teen by the chin, and pointed his 
leaking prick at the boy's face. With the other hand, he frigged his huge 
throbbing dick, his twenty year old body sweating and straining. Dick leak 
ran over both boys' bodies. Scum leaked from Chad's asshole. Johnny held the 
boys face while the camera moved in. Chad tried to bite Johnny's hand and 
the older kid had to backhand his brother just hard of enough to bring the 
terrified kid to his senses. 


 


 Chad chewed his lip and stared up at his Brother's fat leaking 
cock. Dickslime drooled from the fat pisslips and ran in long strings down 
onto Chads teenage face. A cry of desperation broke from young Chad's lips. 
He suddenly realized that people were going to buy 
this video. People were going to watch this video. People were going to see 
him getting fucked. He would never be a man again! 
His own brother had turned him into a faggot boycunt. Dickdrip coated his 
full young lips, lips that had kissed I don't know how many girls. Pre cum 
ran up into his nose and clogged his breathing. Dicksnot mingled with his 
tears and addled his brain. 


 Above him, his big brother pumped his thick fat red 
cuntstuffer, pointing the angry cockhead at the boy's face. Johnny grunted 
once twice, three times and arched his back...his own chest heaved and his 
tit tips pointed at the ceiling. His fat balls pulled up and his ass cheeks 
tightened. The camera caught it all. The fat fucker throbbed and gobs of 
white fuckslop splattered the face of his teenage brother. 


 Chad opened his mouth to scream and cumdump poured over his teeth and 
gums. He started to gag again. Johnny knew it would ruin the shot, so he 
quickly shoved his shooting prick into his brother's soft teenage mouth. It 
was warm as any pussy. Wad after wad of cockslop pelted the inside of 
Chad's mouth, ran down his throat and puddled in his stomach. The big dick 
was choking him...stretching the corners of his mouth until they wanted to 
tear. 
The big sweaty stinking balls slapped at his chin and neck. Was this, he 
wondered, what the little teenage twats felt like when he forced them to 
suck his dick? 
But that was different. The little sluts love cockslime, and he hated it. 
Chad had no choice but to swallow mouthful after mouthful of milky sperm. 


 At long last it was over, and both boys slumped on the 
Couch, complete messes. Cum clotted on their swet stinking bodies..,ass 
slime left streaks on their legs and arms. Dried spit crusted in the 
corners of their mouths, and snot ran from their noses. Their eyes looked 
deadened and unfocused. They wanted to sleep, or die. 


 "Come on boys, it's getting late. Got to get you studs 
dressed in your finest and over to the church. " 


Page 6 of 7





 "Let me catch a shower..." Johnny dragged himself 
from the couch. 


 "Oh, no time for that. I'm afraid you'll just have to 
go to your wedding as you are." Mr. Black chuckled. 


 "We're covered with dickshit and we stink!" 
Johnny yelled. 


 "Aw, isn't that too bad. Go on,get dressed. You 
dont want to be late for your wedding. And I'm afraid there inst time to 
brush your teeth either. Gosh, I hope Joni doesnt taste Chad's assgunge on 
your breath when she kisses you." 


 The abused and battered boys made their way into 
the bedroom. Johnny opened his dresser drawer and took out a pair of 
boxers. 


 
"And ah..boys...please, no underpants." 


 Chad just looked on dumbly and dropped his jockey 
shorts. Johnny gritted his teeth and turned his hands into fists."Look you 
Fucker, I'm wearing white tails. The trousers are thin...thin and white. I 
have to wear underwear." 


 Mr. Black smiled. "No you dont Johnny..trust me." 


 "Please Mr. Black, be reasonable. There will be four hundred 
people in the church. My dick will show through my pants." 


 "Only in shadow, and if you turn a certain 
way. Mostly, it will just make a big fat lump down yourleg. Show everybody 
what a good stud husband Joni is getting. That is of course, unless you 
start leaking. That would make an unsightly mess in those white trousers. " 


 
"If you ruin my wedding......" 


 "Only you can ruin the wedding by not 
obeying me. This will all be over soon. Someday you may even laugh at it. 
Now get dressed." 


 The sweat grimmed lads put on their formalwear over their 
stinking bodies. They felt hot and sticky. Chad looked handsome but worn 
out in his black tux, and Johnny elegant in his all white tails. It was 
true, when he moved, the dark shadow of his big 
dick did show against the white material...a tube of flesh hinted at. 


 
"Can I at least wash my face and comb my hair?" he begged. 


 "I think you look very handsome just as you are. Come 
on boys,the car is waiting. Be happy Johnny,this is your wedding day, and 
we'll be filming every second of it. 
------ End of Forwarded Message 


Page 7 of 7 







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  dale10


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





