BDSM Library - Ridden by Bikers




Ridden by Bikers
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Sue is drugged, gangraped then blackmailed and humiliated







Ridden by the bikers

 
  Me
   jim
  2
  34
  2006-12-19T00:12:00Z
  2006-12-19T00:12:00Z
  1
  7731
  44071
   
  367
  103
  51699
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  
  
  6 pt
  6 pt
  0
  3
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








Ridden by the bikers

&nbsp;

Sue was a well put together woman - sexy mouth and
eyes, 38 B or C bust with large, sensitive, stubby nipples set in large dark
aureoles, a flat stomach and slim waist flaring out to rounded hips with a full
mound and her pride and joy - large juicy lips around her cunt which quickly
became soaking wet at the slightest stimulation. Her rounded buttocks were very
shapely and as her cunt was low slung, if she bent forwards or went on her
hands and knees, her large cunt hung beautifully lined up for a cock. 

&nbsp;

At 40 something she was just a little heavier than
she used to be but was every bit as sexy - her fuller tits were just the right
size - squishy and good to fondle or squeeze and they hung beautifully, swaying
as she walked, a good handful. She was normally very aloof which added to her
allure but when aroused she was wanton and almost completely abandoned. Her
arousal and abandonment were highly influenced by her consumption of alcohol
and, on very special occasions only, a little wacky baccy. When under both
these influences she could be either very aggressive, taking any man and
demanding he perform, controlling the situation, taking him in her hands and
her mouth before deciding the position when it came to the time to fuck him or,
she could go to the opposite extreme and be very submissive, needing to be
controlled, needing to be taken and used, preferably with some crudity, some
roughness but not too violent - just pushed a little beyond her normal limits.

&nbsp;

Max had instructed her on what to wear and where to
go and sent her out with instructions she was to go with whatever developed and
tell him every bit of it on her return.

&nbsp;

She had started the late afternoon in a real ale pub
where 40 plus bikers (age not numbers) congregated to drink and show off their
high powered machines. Sue had ridden lots of bikes in her teenage and twenties
and still loved the sound and feel of the powerful machines, her real
favourites being the Harley Hogs. She had wanted to throw off her normal routines
for a while and had dressed in tight denims which showed off her fleshy mound
and the bulge of her lips either side of the seam which split her crotch. Her
white blouse was almost see through but this was hidden by her denim waistcoat.
The short sleeves revealed a tattoo on her upper arm and the blouse was open
enough to show a glimpse of another tattoo on her right breast. Both of these
were transfer tattoos worn only for the effect but they looked realistic.

&nbsp;

She had soon gravitated towards the biker group and
gradually was drawn into their reminiscences. She was soon accepted by the
group and as she was drinking Buds at the same rate that they were, was as
relaxed as they were. There were another couple of girls in the group, both
younger than her, in their early 30s she reckoned but everyone got on well as a
group so when they talked about moving on and she was disappointed they would
be leaving, it was quite natural for her to be offered a ride on one of the
bikes, the choice was hers. She readily accepted and went out with them to
select the machine she would ride on. She was choosing the bike not the rider
as this was about bikes, not men. She chose her favourite machine, one of the
Hogs, and after putting on the offered helmet, tucked her long blonde hair
under it and threw her leg across the bike and held onto the man in front of
her. The sound, the sheer noise and power soon took her over like a drug as
they roared off, through the town and onto the open road.

&nbsp;

Later that day they stopped at other pubs where they
drank more but somehow the adrenalin from the high speed riding seemed to break
down the alcohol so she was kept very relaxed but not as drunk as you would
expect from the volume she had had.

&nbsp;

By the late evening they were all old friends and as
a group it was agreed they would go back to one of the houses. They sprawled
around the lounge, drinking from cans and bottles provided by their host and
continued to swap yarns. Sue noticed that someone was smoking a joint and that
it was being passed around. When it came to her turn they watched to see her
reaction and were pleased to see her draw on it with obvious experience. A
couple more joints were started so there were a few making the rounds and
everyone had plenty to smoke and they all mellowed a lot. The alcohol and waccy
baccy joined together in her system to make her extra relaxed and her
inhibitions were quickly fading.

&nbsp;

There was a bit of a pushing and shoving at one end
of the room and she leaned forward to see what it was about and saw one of the
girls was topless and was sucking one of the men's cock. The others were
gathering round to watch, some were fondling the girl and others were
encouraging her or the man. It was all being done as a group, there was no
&quot;ownership&quot; of man or girl, no jealousies.

&nbsp;

Sue felt a tingle start around her crotch and knew
her juices were beginning to flow at the sight. The cock was large and she
could imagine the feel of it in her mouth as she watched the girl suck on it.
Johnno, the leader of the group moved and sat beside her on the floor and
leaned over to whisper in her ear.

&nbsp;

&quot;From what you've been telling us today, you
must have had a few cocks in your mouth in your time eh?&quot; As he spoke to
her softly, his arm had gone round her shoulders and he noted that she leaned
into him and not away from him. His other hand came up and fondled her breasts
through her waistcoat and when she leaned back further against him to let him
feel her, he quickly slipped her waistcoat open. By now the others had gathered
round the two of them to watch.

&nbsp;

Johnno slipped her opened waistcoat off her
shoulders and they could all see her nipples showing clearly through the blouse
which he quickly opened and slipped off her shoulders so everyone could see her
full breasts.

&nbsp;

Hands were all over her, feeling and fondling her,
gently at first then squeezing her breasts and nipples which she found arousing
but it then got to be quite painful as some of the hands were rough skinned and
grabbed her breasts with some force.�
Johnno passed her another joint and they all moved back a little so for
a few minutes she sat topless, smoking the joint while the men and girls sat
around her. She was then passed a glass to drink. She gave no thought to what
might be in it, never really registered that it was not a can of Bud and drank
quite freely. Soon she felt a little light headed but was still aware of
everything going on around her although it seemed slightly removed to her.

&nbsp;

Johnno talked to her again, this time so everyone
could hear. &quot;You have spent the day with us all, you know we are a group
who share everything. We have shared our bikes and our booze, now its your turn
to share what you have with us. Before the night is out, we shall all have
fucked you - OK?&quot;

&nbsp;

In her relaxed state she just murmured
&quot;Mmm&quot; and they all moved closer. &quot;Lets see what you've got to
share then&quot; he continued to her. &quot;Stand up and get your kit off. Your
tits are great but what about your cunt?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;My cunt is lovely, you'll see - I've never had
any complaints&quot; she giggled as she struggled to stand. Helping hands held
her steady as she kicked off her boots then unfastened her belt and jeans.
Hands helped her pull down her tight jeans so she stood in her tiny pants until
she slipped them down with much assistance. She stood with her legs apart, her
hands on her hips as the men sat around her on the floor, looking up into her
glorious bush and cunt.

&nbsp;

Johnno reached out and ran his hands up her calf,
then her thighs then ran his fingers through her pubes and parted her cunt lips,
pulling them open so they could all see how large they were. There were various
comments about the size of her lips and cunt and how fuckable it was.
&quot;See, I told you you'd like it&quot; she giggled as Johnno finger fucked
her. &quot;Listen to her cunt slurp&quot; he laughed to them. &quot;What a wet
slag this is.&quot;

&nbsp;

Johnno stood up and went behind her, putting his
hands on her shoulders and guiding her to the arm chair and pushed her
shoulders down so she leaned forwards, resting her weight on the arms of the
chair. He crudely kicked her feet wider apart then slipped off his leather
jeans, his cock springing out as he wore nothing under them. He held it and
guided it to her. She used one hand to reach under, between her legs to take
his cock and guide it into her cunt. As she put it into her cunt he grabbed her
hips, pulling them back towards him as he thrust his hips sharply into her,
resulting in his cock being rammed hard into her cunt. She cried out from the
sudden pain and they all cheered. Johnno started to fuck her, slowly at first
with long firm strokes then he speeded up, ramming and banging into her,
lifting her off her feet so her cunt was supporting her full weight.

&nbsp;

&quot;Look at her tits go as he fucks her&quot;
someone called out and hands reached up to fondle her as her body was rocked by
Johnno's thrusts until he thrust extra hard and deep into her and she felt his
spunk shoot into her. When he pulled out, his spunk and her juices combined and
ran down the back of her thigh as she stood, still bending forward.

&nbsp;

Johnno moved her round to face him and with his
hands on her shoulders, pushed her down so she was kneeling in front of him.
She needed no words to know what he wanted of her. She took his semi erect
cock, wet with his spunk and her cunt juices, and put it in her mouth. He
tasted clean and salty. As her lips closed over it, her hand moved up and down
his shaft, the other hand cupping his balls as her mouth worked on him until
she felt him hard and solid again. 

&nbsp;

By now the others were all undressed and it was
perfectly natural that they should all want to feel her and fuck her. One of
them stood in front of her and held out his cock for her mouth. As she obliged
him, as he fucked her mouth, another one went behind her and raised her hips
from the kneeling position and he kneeled behind her. He fingered her cunt and
her arse. He dipped his fingers into her wet hole and played them around her
clitty and her arse. He lifted her buttocks until his cock could slip into her
cunt and he then fucked her cunt as his friend fucked her mouth until they both
came.

&nbsp;

After this, she collapsed onto the floor until
someone lifted her in their arms and carried her to the bedroom and laid her on
the large bed, the bedding having been pulled off to leave only the sheet, the
bed stripped for action. She was dropped onto the bed in a tangle and hands
reached out to grab her wrists and ankles and pull her into an open star shape
so she ready for them to get at her body.

&nbsp;

One of the girls knelt on the bed between her thighs
and started to lick her clitty and lick around her cunt. It was too much and
soon Sue felt her climax build up, felt the tension in her thighs, her stomach
and her crotch until it gripped her and she tensed her thighs, pushing up her
mound as the orgasm washed over her. The girl continued although Sue tried to
stop her, her cunt was too sensitive, it was almost painful but it soon started
to build up again until another girl joined them on the bed. This one kneeled
across Sue's chest and lowered her shaven cunt onto Sue's face. &quot;Lick my
fanny for me you bitch&quot; she heard her say and was quick to oblige her. She
tasted the girls salty juices. She teased her small lips, pulling them gently
between her teeth then ran her tongue around the edge of her cunt before flicking
the tip of her tongue over the tip of the girl's clitty. She kept this up for
some time, enjoying the sensation of the smooth, shaven cunt in her mouth at
the same time as someone else's tongue played with her cunt and clitty until
another climax washed over and the girl across her also climaxed but as she did
so, she peed over Sue's face and neck. The hot liquid ran down and over her
shoulders and body. Instead of being revolted, she revelled in the warmth of it
and after the girl moved away Sue felt another stream of pee hit her nipples
then play down her stomach to her cunt. A man held her lips open so the man
peeing on her could direct his jet onto her clitty. She loved the feel of it
and was disappointed when the flow dried up. The drink she had been given was
working well!

&nbsp;

The men standing around her started to wank over her
and they all shot their spunk over her, covering her face, her tits and her
cunt then hands and fingers rubbed it into her body, concentrating on her
nipples and her cunt, the spunk making their fingers deliciously slippery as
they probed into her and fondled her.

&nbsp;

The third girl dried her with a large towel and they
lifted her off the now soaking wet bed. As she stood there, stark naked and
surrounded by naked men and girls, they started to fondle and grope her body
again, feeling all her intimate places, fingers probing her as others felt her
tits. Someone started to slap her tits so they swung and when she tried to stop
them her hands were pulled behind her back and the slapping resumed with more
vigour. She was held as they slapped her tits from side to side, then hefted
them in their palms as if weighing them then mouths went to suck and bite and
pull on her nipples before she was carried to another room with a bed which was
ready stripped for her. This time they laid her face down on the bed and one of
the men pulled her ankles so she was lying with her stomach on the edge of the
bed and her legs hanging over the side and resting on the floor. He pushed her
thighs apart and lowered himself into her, plunging deep into her cunt with his
full weight.

&nbsp;

&quot;Its no good, she's too wet, I can't feel her
cunt&quot; he told them. He pulled out and she felt his hands go to her
buttocks and pull them apart. She would do most things but did not like it in her
arse, it was too painful. Despite her semidrugged state she knew what was about
to happen and tried to pull away. &quot;No, not there, I don't want you
there&quot; she cried out and the men all laughed.

&nbsp;

Johnno sat beside her and spoke to her. &quot;Its
not a case of what you want my love - its what we want. You can't just take our
bikes, our booze, our baccy and then have us shag you for your pleasure only -
you are here now for our pleasure and since you don't like it up your arse, I
shall show you who is in charge by poking my cock up your arse and so will a
number of my friends here, just to teach you a lesson, OK? Is there anything
else you don't like that we can oblige you with eh?&quot; She shook her head.

&nbsp;

&quot;Please don't, I'll do whatever else you want
but not that, please.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Ah, this sounds interesting, you'll do
anything else will you?&quot; She nodded, relieved that there might be a chance
of avoiding the pain of their cocks in her arse. 

&nbsp;

&quot;OK then, if you let me beat you I'll think
about not having your arse&quot; he told her and before she could say more she
was pulled up and across the bed so she was spread-eagled. &quot;Spread your
legs and arms wide now there's a good girl&quot; he told her. She moved her
legs and arms wide apart as instructed. One of the men came back into the room
with a leather belt. Johnno stood up and dangled it in front of her face.
&quot;As long as you take it as you promised I'll not use the buckle end but if
you try to wriggle away from me I'll have you tied up and use the buckle end on
you, understand?&quot; She nodded, frightened that this was not going to be
much of an improvement on them having her arse.

&nbsp;

He stood back and brought the belt down across her
back. She shrieked. They all cheered. Her legs and arms were pulled wide again.
The belt swished down again, this time landing across her buttocks. She
shrieked again. She was turned over. This time they held her hands and feet so
her arms and legs were held open. Johnno stood between her thighs and dangled
the belt at her again. He let it hand so the end touched her nipples then he
trailed it down over her stomach to between her legs where he let it slip
between her lips. She knew from his face that he would beat her breasts and
then her cunt.

&nbsp;

The belt was raised. It landed across her left
breast then her right breast. Her body bucked as she tried to get away but
strong hands held her. She was screaming. They were laughing. One of the girls
kneeled on the bed and sucked her nipples then bent down and whispered to her
&quot;it hurts more when they are wet you bitch. I was looking forward to
having Johnno fuck me tonight until you showed up. Now you are paying the price
of pushing yourself into the gang.&quot; She looked up at Johnno and said
&quot;give her tits another go Johnno&quot; and she bent forward to suck them
again, leaving a large trail of her saliva to soak the nipples. As she was
getting up, Johnno brought the belt down across the girls buttocks which made
her howl and jump, much to the amusement of the others.

&nbsp;

Johnno handed the injured girl the belt, telling her
not to go mad or she would get the same as she gave out. The girl grinned and
straddled Sue, bringing the belt down across her left breast then her right.
She leaned forward again. &quot;Well girl, do you want it again or would you
rather give them all your arse? The choice is yours.&quot; Sue shook her head,
&quot;no, not my arse, please.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;In that case, ask me to belt your tits&quot;
the girl told her. It was very difficult for Sue to do. She tried but couldn't
get the words out. &quot;In that case I'll have to belt your dirty great cunt
for you - that should make you howl&quot; the girl laughed and raised the belt.
Sue's legs tensed against the strong hands holding her as they all watched this
tussle. &quot;No, don't, not my cunt, I couldn't take that. Use my tits.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;No girl, I told you to say 'please beat my
tits', now say that exactly or your cunt gets it.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Please beat my tits&quot; came out through
gritted teeth. 

&nbsp;

&quot;That wasn't so hard was it - now say it again
more clearly so we can all hear you&quot; the girl teased. 

&nbsp;

Sue shouted this time &quot;please beat my
tits&quot; and the girl obliged, bringing the belt down across each one in turn
until they were bruised blue. She then swung it, quite gently but with a
vicious flick at the end and flicked it across her cunt lips. This time the
hands could not hold her legs as Sue bucked and pulled them close together to
protect herself. They let go of her and stood around the bed watching as she
held herself in pain.

&nbsp;

Johnno helped her sit up and gave her another glass
to drink. The pain seemed to go away quite quickly as she drank. Johnno was
fondling her bruised breasts. She could feel his hands but not the full
sensation. He gripped her breasts, dug his fingers into her viciously but to
her it was not a problem, she felt something but nothing she could not handle. He
was enjoying himself with her breasts, digging his fingers into her flesh,
squeezing her hard, grabbing and twisting her soft breasts yet to her it was
pleasurable. He grinned. She could not feel everything, just a shadow of what
they were doing to her, the drink was working, she was ready.

&nbsp;

He took her hand and pulled her to her feet. He told
her to kneel on the floor, to go on all fours. She did as she was told.
&quot;I'm going to fuck you again, would you like that?&quot; he asked.
&quot;Mmm yes&quot; her almost sleepy voice said. He kneeled behind her and put
his cock into her cunt. It was still wet. He stroked her a few times, getting
his cock well lubricated. He pulled out. He plunged his fingers deep into her
and stirred them inside her so they were covered in her slippery juices and the
spunk they had shot into her. He played his fingers around her arse. She felt
his fingers there. It did not seem a problem. When he pushed one into her it
still seemed OK. Two fingers working her open was OK as well and when he leaned
forward and said to her &quot;right, now girl I'm going to fuck your lovely
tight arse hole&quot; she did not see anything wrong. Indeed she felt a slight
sensation as he leaned his weight into her to push past her tight ring of
muscle then he was past it and fucking her.

&nbsp;

She did not notice the flash of the cameras or the
whirring of the videos as they took shots of his cock in her arse, of her tits
swaying as he rode her then he put his full weight on her and as she collapsed
on the floor he held on to her and lay across her back, still fucking her arse,
her legs held wide apart by the others so he could get deep into her tight
hole. At last he shot his spunk into her bowels, she could feel it hot inside
her. He pulled out of her and more shots were taken of her arse hole gaping
wide open with spunk dribbling from it.

&nbsp;

She was put back on the bed, draped over the end so
her arse was presented to give service. Each of the men took it and after each
one fingers worked her hole so it was gradually opened and loosened for the
camera.

&nbsp;

When they had all had her arse, she was stood up and
the spunk streamed out of her and ran down the back of her thighs, captured by
the cameras and videos.

&nbsp;

As she came round from her drink, they were sitting
around the TV and she saw they were watching a blue video. It was some time
before she realised she was watching herself being fucked then she saw them all
fuck her arse, her hole being shown each time as it was stretched wider open.
They saw her watching it, horror stricken. Johnno spoke to her. &quot;In
future, if you don't give us what we want, we shall simply release copies of
this to some local video shops with perhaps some free copies to your neighbours
- I'm sure they would be extremely popular&quot; and they all laughed.

&nbsp;

&quot;You give us what we want - your body to use
however we want - and you can have as much booze, baccy or magic drinkies as
you want&quot; he laughed. &quot;Right now I want to fuck your mouth - come
over here and let me have it.&quot; He clicked his fingers to her and she found
herself moving to between his thighs and taking his cock into her mouth. He put
a hand each side of her head and gripped her tight, moving her head onto his
cock in time to his strokes in and out of her mouth, all the while talking to
his friends as if she did not exist. He was showing her she was there to be
used for their pleasure. She felt his balls tighten and his strokes speed up
and knew he was near to coming. She enjoyed oral sex but never allowed anyone
to come in her mouth. He felt her try to pull away. &quot;Oh no you don't, I'm
going to come down your throat&quot; he said and holding her head tight, stood
up, rising above her so his cock was angled down her throat and he thrust deep
into her throat as he shot his spunk into her. She gagged on his spunk but as
he held her tight she had to swallow and he held her tight for some time until
she had swallowed his full load before releasing her.

&nbsp;

&quot;Now we have you on film being filled with
spunk in every hole&quot; he laughed. &quot;The film will be put away and
forgotten about as long as you stay in the group and play your part in giving
us pleasure. The first night is always a bit over the top, it won't be quite so
bad except on special occasions. As the new girl, you'll get a bit more than
the others but as soon as another new girl joins us, you'll be just as keen to
get her on film as our friends here were for you because it takes pressure off
them so just do as you are told and everything will be OK. You've earned your
place in the gang tonight. As a full member now you will be treated with
respect and get your fair share of biking of course.&quot; She believed him in
an odd way - they had treated her with respect because they knew she would be a
great fuck and that she could take it. Although she had been beaten black and
blue and every hole ached she felt good that she had taken whatever they had
done to her, she had earned her place in the gang now.

&nbsp;

&quot;Just to show there's no hard feelings, give us
all a last fuck&quot; he laughed and they all rolled towards her as she lay
back on the carpet, her legs already opening to take the first one as another
swung his leg across and sat over her, lowering his cock to her waiting mouth.

Blackmailed

&nbsp;

When she recovered from her experience with the
biker gang, Sue felt a number of emotions. She was refreshed after the sex orgy
which had earthed all her frustrations, she felt proud that she had turned so
many men on but angry that they had used her so harshly and fearful for the
future now that they had the photos and videos of her in such lurid detail. She
worried about how they would exert their hold on her.

&nbsp;

A couple of evenings later Johnno telephoned her.
&quot;How did you get my phone number, its ex-directory&quot; she asked. He
told her they had gone through her wallet whilst she was otherwise engaged and
they knew her phone, her address and a few other things. Johnno invited her to
his place for a quiet drink. She was instantly suspicious but he assured it was
for a quiet drink and that only he would be there so she went to see him.

&nbsp;

He was warm and welcoming, kissing her as any friend
might as she walked into his home. Sure enough he offered her coffee or a drink
and showed her to a comfortable lounge where they sat and chatted. He seemed to
be a totally different person from the man with the biker group. He was well
spoken, gentlemanly and polished. He was obviously relaxed and she gradually
began to think she had been worried unnecessarily until he moved the
conversation on.

&nbsp;

&quot;How are the bruises?&quot; She told him they
were beginning to fade but were still blue and yellow as she bruised very
easily.

&nbsp;

&quot;We got the photos back - they've all come out
very well, would you like to see them or the video?&quot; he asked but she
declined, she knew fine well what would be on them and she did not want to move
the evening in that direction but he kept on at her. Your neighbours really
would find them very stimulating, rather surprising but very stimulating but I
don't think you'd like them to see these really would you?&quot; He looked at
her with a quizzical expression and his tongue very much in his cheek. She kept
quiet, waiting to hear what this was leading up to.

&nbsp;

&quot;I'm not unreasonable, I don't want to make
demands on you that you would not be happy about but there will be times when
your presence and your services would be much appreciated so can we work on the
basis that I will be in touch with you from time to time. You will always get
an invite to our group meetings and you are expected to attend two out of three
of these but there will be other events, sometimes with the group and sometimes
with just me or a few of my friends, OK?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Look, I don't know what you have in mind but
I'm not going to be messed about by you or anyone else so you ..&quot; she was
abruptly interrupted by Johnno whose voice was both very firm and very quiet.
He whispered almost which made it all the more menacing.

&nbsp;

&quot;No my girl, you look. Let us be quite clear
about this. You have two clear choices, well, three I suppose.&quot; He raised
three fingers and counted them off. &quot;One, you can tell me to get lost, I
will deliver various photos and videos to carefully selected neighbours, and of
course to the office where you work so you'll probably lose your lose your job
or at the very least it will be next to impossible for you to work there. Two,
you can do as I tell you, grudgingly and in bad favour so I will be all the
more difficult with you and demand things from you to make the point of who is
in charge here. Three, you can enter into this arrangement in good grace,
accept your situation, play your role thoroughly and in time I will give you
all the films and release you from our arrangement when you have worked off
your er, debt, shall we call it? We already know you enjoyed at least quite a
lot of what happened to you so this seems the best choice to me. I'll give you
until tomorrow evening to let me know your decision if you need time but I
would mention one thing, in the best tradition of the thriller writers I have
copies left here and there with instructions of what to do with them if
anything happens to me so no funny business, no hit and run drivers or anything
like that, OK?&quot;

&nbsp;

She knew she was beaten. Her head hung as she
thought about it and realised she had no choice really. Best to enter into it
knowing that, make the best of it and try to keep on his good side to make life
as easy as she could and hope that he honoured his promise to return them to
her. &quot;OK, I'll make the best of it then&quot; she told him and he smiled
at her and left the room, returning with a bottle of chilled champagne which he
opened and poured into a glass for her.

&nbsp;

&quot;Lets drink to the fun we shall have
together&quot; he said and raised his glass to her. She drank for relief rather
than in any kind of toast. &quot;Well my dear, I shall not require your
services tonight, I told you that it was for a quiet drink and I never lie so
lets just enjoy the rest of the evening shall we.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Just before we leave this subject, I have a
suggestion to make. There will be times when you are called upon to do
something you may prefer not to do and you may think about refusing. So that we
do not have to discuss our arrangement in public I shall remind you of 'the
seminar' to remind you of the groups of people who will be gathered together at
work and at home to study and swap photos and videos of you, so if you here me
speak of your seminar, remember that is what is at stake if you ever disobey or
hesitate to carry out my wishes. However, there will also be many occasions
when you will thoroughly enjoy what is asked of you so don't get worried about
it.&quot;

&nbsp;

After that he tried to relax her with chit chat and
reminiscences about the bikes which he knew interested her and when he let her
leave later, he simply told her to keep the first Saturday of every month free
as that was the club monthly party although there would be lots of other club
nights arranged in addition, often with a theme. 

&nbsp;

She had difficulty sleeping that night but consoled
herself with the thought that although he was blackmailing her, he did seem to
keep to his word. That evening he had made no move at all, had only gently
kissed her as a friend would, had not groped or touched her at all as he easily
could have done - this gave her some hope that she would be free of it at some
point, perhaps when a new girl was brought into the group? She understood now
why the other girls were so keen to join in against her, by getting her in
deeper they were distancing themselves perhaps.

&nbsp;

One evening the following week she came home to find
a message on her answer machine. &quot;Hello, its Johnno. Your first assignment
coming up. I want you to meet some friends of mine this evening. I want you to
look and act classy. Wear your best business suit and a white blouse, pants, no
tights and definitely no bra and you'd better have a bath first and get rid of
your pubes,&quot; he was laughing at this. He told her to be ready and waiting
for a taxi that would call for her at 8pm that evening.

&nbsp;

Her stomach flipped. This was it. Her first
assignment he had called it but it was obvious what it was going to entail but
she knew she would have to be ready so spent the next hour rushing to be ready.
By the appointed time she was in her best suit, hair done and face made up. She
looked in the mirror and thought that she did look classy, especially without
the jacket when her breasts swayed and wobbled under the silky blouse, her
nipples and aureoles showing through clearly. She fastened her jacket and went
to meet the taxi which arrived on the dot. The driver got out and opened the
rear door for her and without a word got back in and drove off. She was taken
to a large hotel where the driver got out and opened the door to let her out
then got back and drove off, leaving her standing at the hotel steps without
having spoken a single word to her.

&nbsp;

She turned and walked in to the hotel, suddenly
conscious that she had drawn herself up to her full 5ft 9 inches height. She
was proud of her looks and her body and no-one could take that from her - or
could they? She thought of the bruises that had only recently disappeared -
good job she did not have a current partner or went swimming.

&nbsp;

In the foyer was Johnno, surrounded by a group of
men - five in all, all dressed in dark formal suits, white shirt and an
assortment of ties between them but all appeared well heeled. He stepped
forward to greet her, taking her hand and introducing her to the others. 

&nbsp;

&quot;This is Victoria, my personal assistant (he
drew out and stressed the personal and they all picked up on it and gave him
and her knowing nods and smiles). Vicky, you must meet my friends - Tony,
James, Rory and Graham.&quot; 

&nbsp;

Each of them shook her hand warmly and undressed her
with their eyes. They seemed to like what they saw and what they imagined. She
was to be known as Victoria or Vicky in this role but it was unlikely she would
bump into anyone she knew although it suddenly dawned on her that it was not
impossible - something else to worry about.

&nbsp;

Johnno was obviously the leader of the group.
&quot;Come on folks, let us have a couple of drinks here then we'll go back to
my place.&quot; She wondered about his place. The flat was hardly large enough
for these people and he must have noticed her expression because he whispered
to her &quot;you haven't seen my place yet, just my town flat I keep for the
times when I don't want anyone to know about my real home but I know you'll keep
my secret as well as you want me to keep yours&quot; then he led them into the
bar.

&nbsp;

They spent some time at the bar and she found
herself tense in their company, worrying what was to follow. They were all
quite rough, not at all the type of friends she expected Johnno to have but
just what the biker group would attract she thought. She knew from the way they
were all looking at her that something was to happen that night.

&nbsp;

Johnno got them into the cars and they set off for
his place which turned out to be a large house in its own grounds, down a lane
out of town. Johnno was obviously a wealthy man who liked to rough it
occasionally. He let them all in to the house and led them through to a huge
lounge where there was a large log fire burning and a buffet supper spread out
on a large table.

&nbsp;

&quot;The staff are all away tonight so the place is
ours, no worries about disturbing anyone - except Vicky of course&quot; at
which they all laughed, except Sue. &quot;We can have a bit to eat in a moment
but lets get things started eh? I arranged a nice big fire so no-one would get
cold when we all strip off.&quot; They all leered at Sue as he slipped off his
coat and jacket and removed his tie as did the others who sat in the various
arm chairs.

&nbsp;

Sue found herself standing in the centre of a U-shape
of arm chairs occupied by men looking at her with great expectation written on
their faces.

&nbsp;

Rory glanced across to Johnno, &quot;can I get on
with it?&quot; he gestured to Sue.

&nbsp;

&quot;Of course, that's why we are here&quot; Johnno
told him, &quot;be my guest. Vicky is here to entertain us.&quot;

&nbsp;

Rory got up and went to her. He stood in front of
her. &quot;You are a bit classy for me love but I really fancy seeing a classy
tart in action. Lets see what you've got eh?&quot; With this he took the lapels
of her jacket and slipped it off her shoulders and threw it onto a nearby empty
chair. He stepped back to admire her then slapped her bottom hard so she
jumped. They all cheered as her breasts swayed when she jumped. Rory touched
her breasts through the silky blouse and fingered her now erect nipples through
the material. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Well, it looks as if even classy tarts like
their tits being played with&quot; he called to his friends. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Get her blouse off man and lets get a proper
look&quot; someone shouted. 

&nbsp;

Johnno called to her &quot;Vicky, you heard. Get
your tits out for my friends here.&quot; She hesitated. Johnno called to her
&quot;have you forgotten that seminar we were talking about? Come on, get on
with it, get your tits out. You'll love them lads, she has lovely
nipples.&quot;

&nbsp;

Vicky unfastened the buttons at her cuffs then down
the front and shrugged off her blouse, letting it fall behind her so she was
standing topless in front of them all. She stood erect, her shoulders pulled
back to show off her breasts to their best - if she was going to be displayed
she would make the best of it she thought.

&nbsp;

The men cheered and whistled. &quot;Nice tits - drop
the skirt you dirty bitch, lets see what else you've got&quot; Tony called out.

&nbsp;

Her hands went round to the catch on her skirt which
then fell to the floor, leaving her standing only in high heels and tiny white
pants which clearly showed she was shaven. She was pleased to hear the intake
of breath from the men as they studied her then James called to her.

&nbsp;

&quot;Come over here and stand in front of this
chair&quot;. He leaned forward and pulled down her pants then with his foot,
pushed her feet apart quite crudely so she was standing in front of him naked
and open legged. He stood up and his hand went to her belly and moved down to
her mound and her swollen lips. He pulled on them, gripping them hard between
his thumb and fingers and tugging as he looked over to Johnno. &quot;You were
right about the size of her cunt lips, built to fuck is this one, aren't
you&quot; he looked up at her.

&nbsp;

Graham called her. &quot;My turn now. Get your arse
over here. You don't seem so classy when you are stripped, just like every
other cunt I've ever had. Perhaps a bit better spoken though although I bet you
know the same words as the usual bints I go with. Must say though, you've got a
good looking body, bet its been around a bit eh? Had a few cocks in your time
eh love?&quot; His crude language and treatment of her was actually a turn on
for Sue who liked the idea of being treated as a sex object, it was a
compliment to her body and her skills, but she was still worried about what they
would want from her.

&nbsp;

Graham told her &quot;put your foot up on the arm of
my chair.&quot; She did. She was totally open to him, her thighs opened as she
stood like that and her cunt almost level with his face. &quot;Now tell me what
I am touching.&quot; &quot;My foot&quot; she replied as his hand stroked her
foot then as he slowly ran his hand up her leg, &quot;my ankle, ... my calf,
... my knee, ... my thigh, ow&quot; she cried as he grabbed at the soft flesh
of her inner thigh. &quot;Just keep going&quot; he told her. &quot;Now what
have I got?&quot; he asked as his fingers reached her cunt. &quot;My c c
..&quot; she couldn't bring herself to say it to these men. Their roughness
made her want to protect what they saw as her &quot;classiness&quot; to keep
the difference between them clear.

&nbsp;

Graham grabbed her large cunt lips and tugged them
hard. She yelled and almost fell onto him then regained her balance, one foot
on the ground, the other on the arm of his chair. &quot;Tell me what I've got
or don't you like to use such words? Its a cunt girl, you've got a cunt, just
like every woman except yours is built for serious fucking. Now tell me what it
is and make it loud so my friends can hear.&quot;

&nbsp;

She steeled herself. &quot;Its my cunt&quot; she
said. &quot;Fine girl. Now continue, tell them what I am touching each
time&quot;. She called out as his fingers moved around. &quot;My lips, my
clitty, inside my cunt.&quot; By now he was finger fucking her then he moved
his other hand up to her breasts and nipples. &quot;My breast&quot; she
dutifully called out only to shriek a moment later as his nails dug into her breasts.


&nbsp;

&quot;I know you think you are better than we are
but just like every other cunt we've fucked, you have tits my girl, tits - what
have you got?&quot; 

&nbsp;

&quot;Tits&quot; she replied.

&nbsp;

&quot;That's better&quot; he told her then let go of
her breasts. Now he removed his fingers from her cunt and ran them down below
her mound and back between her legs heading for her bottom. As she still stood
with one leg raised, open to him, he pushed between the cheeks of her buttocks
and his fingers, slippery with her cunt juices, found her tight little hole.

&nbsp;

&quot;Now what have we here?&quot; he asked and she
knew what she had to say.

&nbsp;

&quot;My arse&quot; she answered. 

&nbsp;

&quot;That's better, you are learning&quot; he
laughed then slapped her bottom and pushed her leg off the chair so she was
standing in front of him again.

&nbsp;

Rory now called to her. &quot;Lets see you parade
round the room a little in those high heels, lets see just how those lovely
tits sway as you walk.&quot; She obliged them and heard their comments as she
slowly walked round and round the room.

&nbsp;

&quot;Lovely arse on her&quot; one said,
&quot;gorgeous legs&quot; said another and there were comments about her tits
as well. &quot;What lovely stubby nipples, see how they stick out so hard, like
the proverbial organ stops&quot; at which there was more laughter.

&nbsp;

She was told to bring the various trays of the
buffet over to the men and as she bent down with each tray she was groped and
fingered. When they had finished eating they called her over then Rory went to
the table and came back with the trifle bowl. They each scooped up a handful
then threw it onto her naked body and rubbed it into her so she was covered in
cream, cold custard, jelly and bits of fruit rubbed in. She felt dirty and
sticky but the men loved it. &quot;Much better than that business suit
lads&quot; one of them called. By now they had all stripped off and stood naked
around her. She saw that they were all a bit flabby but all were erect or semi
erect and ready for her.

&nbsp;

They closed in on her. &quot;OK Vicky, now its time
to fuck. We have already drawn lots as to who has you first and Tony cut the
highest card so he gets first bang at you&quot; Johnno told her. &quot;Tony,
she's all yours - lets see you in action, how do you want her?&quot;

&nbsp;

Tony stood in front of her then walked around her,
examining her. She felt like some animal being judged at a show. He ran his
hands across her shoulders while he was behind her then down over her buttocks
then as he moved to face her he grabbed her tits and hefted them in both hands.
He was rough, she flinched. &quot;What�s the matter Miss High and Mighty? Am I
too rough for you? How do you like this then?&quot; He pushed her knees apart
with his leg, forcing her legs open then reached down between her legs and
jabbed his fingers deep into her cunt. She wanted to hit him or cry out but she
knew both would make it worse for her. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Do you like a bit of rough then?&quot; he
asked her. She could only answer &quot;Yes&quot;. &quot;Yes what? What about
your classy manners?&quot; &quot;Yes please&quot; she told him. &quot;Well
that's OK then because I like the idea of giving you a good hard shag but I
want to get to know your body first. Go and lie on your back on the
table.&quot;

&nbsp;

She moved to the table and sat up on it then
shuffled back and lay down. &quot;Spread your legs, don't be shy. We shall all
be up your cunt before long so there's no need to be hiding it&quot; he laughed
as the others stood around watching them both. She spread her legs and his
hands roamed over her thighs and her stomach. 

&nbsp;

&quot;What a lovely smooth flat stomach you have,
and lovely smooth thighs. I really love the shaved pussy though, that's really
something. Pull your knees up to your chest and hold your arms round them to
keep them up.&quot;

&nbsp;

Sue did this and presented him with a full view of
her mound and cunt, framed by her thighs, as she pulled her knees to her chest.


&nbsp;

&quot;Now open the thighs but keep the legs pulled
up&quot;. When she did this she was opened to him even more and he took a
delight in fingering her and prodding her. 

&nbsp;

&quot;What a lovely fanny she has lads, one of the
best I've seen.&quot; He bent down between her thighs &quot;smells good as
well. I think she's used some perfume there so she must have been expecting to
show it, the dirty cow, but her cunt juices are smothering her perfume now.
Before long she will be smelling of cock and spunk&quot; he laughed and they
all joined in.

&nbsp;

Tony took her hands and pulled her to a sitting
position then pulled her forward and off the table and pulled her towards a
wall covered in pictures. As they got near it, a panel swung open and she was
led into a secret room, a huge bedroom with an enormous round bed in the centre
and lots of other items around which she couldn't quite make out at first
except that it looked like a gym with vertical bars on one wall and ropes and
rings hanging from the ceiling. Tony pulled her to the bed and pushed her down.


&nbsp;

&quot;OK, enough talk for now, lets get on with the
shagging, its what we all came for isn't it. Come on cunt, on your back and
open the legs, I don't go in for fancy positions, just a good shag.&quot;

&nbsp;

She got onto the bed, knowing they were going to
give her a hard time now. She lay back apprehensively. Tony climbed onto the
bed and kneeled between her thighs then taking his cock in his hand, guided it
to her cunt. &quot;Put me in&quot; he grunted. She reached down and guided him
into her cunt, opening her thighs and adjusting her hips to take him as he
pushed roughly into her. Luckily she was very wet so he slid into her without
too much difficulty and he quickly started to fuck her. He used long jabs,
almost pulling right out then ramming deep back in again which was most
uncomfortable for her then he changed to fast short strokes before raising a
little onto his knees so he had a better angle to push into her. He moved his
hands from each side of her to rest his weight on her chest, squeezing her
breasts as he did so until she knew his climax was coming and he raised himself
up above her, grabbed both breasts very sharply then fucked her with fast hard
strokes until his buttocks clenched as he shot his spunk into her. He waited a
few moments, letting it subside before he let go her tits and climbed off her.

&nbsp;

He looked to James. &quot;She's all yours mate.
Sorry she's a bit full just now though.&quot; Sue did not have time to prepare
herself for the next man before James jumped onto the bed beside her.

&nbsp;

He sat across her chest, flattening her breasts, a
knee each side of her. He leaned forward and lifted her head so her mouth was
level with his cock. &quot;Suck it girl, don't just lie there.&quot; They all
laughed at his treatment of her. &quot;Go on, show her who is boss&quot; one of
them called. James was now kneeling up so his cock was angled down her throat
and filling her mouth as she worked on him. He moved his hips so he was fucking
her face from above. She felt the bed move as someone else joined them. This
man, it was Rory although she could not see him, sat between her thighs and ran
his hands up her legs. He ran them right up to her cunt then pushed his fingers
into her. She yelped but her mouth was full of James's cock so it came out as a
muffled sound which again set them off laughing at her predicament. Rory was
now jabbing her roughly so her body was rocked by his strong pushes into her
cunt and James fucking her face. 

&nbsp;

They kept working on her for some time until James
announced he did not want to come without having felt her cunt and he lifted
himself off her face. She collapsed as Rory moved to make room for James.

&nbsp;

James felt her cunt - it was still wet but Rory's
fingers had removed a lot of the juice and spunk so she was not too wet to fuck
and he lay beside her.

&nbsp;

&quot;Now its your turn to sit across me Vicky.
Hurry up, get those cunt lips round this&quot; as he waved his cock at her. Sue
got to her knees and then swung a leg over James and sat over his cock. She
took it in her right hand and guided it into her cunt as she lowered herself
down on him. He bucked up at her and pushed himself in before Rory stood behind
her and pushed down on her shoulders so she was jammed down hard on his cock.
It was uncomfortable as it was rammed high up inside her. 

&nbsp;

James's hands went to her breasts and he squeezed
and gripped her as she moved up and down on his cock. She had worked out that
the faster she got him to come, the sooner he would stop hurting her breasts so
she rode him and used her muscles to grip and squeeze his cock.

&nbsp;

&quot;Hey, she's good - she's squeezing my cock with
her cunt. She must be a whore after all!&quot; he laughed to the others. Sue
could see Johnno looking approvingly at her as she worked on James but he did
not realise that she was using her skills to end it as soon as possible, not to
give James a good time. James was pulling hard on her nipples, stretching her breasts,
then grabbing a handful and squeezing then pulling again but all the time he
was hurting her until she felt him get even harder and tense just before he
spurted his spunk into her. As he climaxed, he grabbed her breasts even more
painfully but he relaxed after he stopped pumping spunk and she climbed off him
with relief.

&nbsp;

As she lifted her leg to get off him, they could see
his spunk leaking from her cunt and she left a trail across his thigh. James
saw this and made her stand by the bed. He stood beside her. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Bend forward onto the bed, put your hands on
the edge.&quot; He stepped back then swung and smacked her bottom hard,
&quot;that's for leaking your spunk onto me you dirty cow&quot; he said as he
slapped her hard again and again. He carefully aimed at each cheek so both
buttocks were soon smarting.

&nbsp;

Rory came up and told him &quot;come on lad, let
someone else get at her now&quot; and James stepped back. Sue started to stand
up but Rory put his hands on her shoulders to keep her in that position.

&nbsp;

&quot;Stay just as you are - that suits me
fine&quot; he said then stood behind her and pushed her feet wider apart so he
could get his cock into her cunt. When she was bent over like this or on her
hands and knees, her cunt looked very low slung and was readily available to
anyone behind her so Rory easily slid into her still wet cunt.

&nbsp;

He fucked her hard, lifting her off her feet a
little when he thrust extra hard every now and then. This was painful to her as
he well knew it would be. It jarred her body each time and she was tense with waiting
for the next time until he pulled out.

&nbsp;

&quot;Lets get on the bed now - I want you on your
hands and knees.&quot; She obliged and he resumed his position, this time
kneeling behind her. However, he slipped his cock into her wide open wet cunt
and then left it in her, almost still. She felt him probe her buttocks and she
had an awful feeling she knew what was coming next. Sure enough he spread her
cheeks and played his fingers around her arse. He pulled out of her cunt then
lined his cock up against her tight hole then, raising himself as he kneeled,
he leaned hard into her so he pushed past her tight ring and suddenly was deep
inside her. 

&nbsp;

She yelled with the pain but he was already fucking
her with long, firm strokes. His cock was so wet from her cunt that it
lubricated her and allowed him to continue fucking her hard and fast until he
could hold back no more and came in her, shooting his spunk into her bowels
before pulling out.

&nbsp;

When he had pulled out of her, the men all sat back
in their armchairs in the lounge and told her to come to them. She went to each
chair in turn whilst they fingered her and felt her. &quot;What a juicy cunt
and arse she has&quot;, &quot;Its pouring out of every hole&quot; said
another.&quot; &quot;Not quite&quot; said Johnno and clicked his fingers to
her.

&nbsp;

Sue approached him. He clicked again and pointed to
the floor and obediently she kneeled in front of him. He stood up and held out
his cock for her take in her mouth. She held his balls with one hand as she
worked on his shaft with the other, pulling and sucking his length as she did.
Johnno stood over her, his hands on her head, pulling her in and out to him in
time with his thrusts into her mouth until they saw his buttocks clench then he
pushed deep into her face as he shot spunk into her mouth. As he pulled out, it
dribbled from her lips.

&nbsp;

&quot;Now she is leaking from every hole&quot; he
laughed.

&nbsp;

They made her dress as she was so her blouse was
soon sticky with spunk, her skirt was wet and stained and juices still ran down
her thighs.

&nbsp;

&quot;Now that doesn't look quite so classy now,
does it&quot; laughed James as they stood around her. &quot;Best fuck I've had
in a long while Johnno, where do you find them?&quot;

&nbsp;

The door bell rang and Johnno told her that her taxi
was ready now and she was dismissed as the men started a serious drinking session.
She left her first assignment absolutely and literally shagged out and
buggered.







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Maxm


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





