BDSM Library - There will be come




There will be come
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: tribute to the horror movie SAW. A group of teens have to play extreme sexual games to escape the mad mans captivity







Ricks vision began to lighten; the world around him a kaleidoscope of
pale swirls

 
  Admin
   jim
  2
  3
  2007-01-02T20:49:00Z
  2007-01-02T20:49:00Z
  1
  6006
  34237
  285
  80
  40163
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  Clean
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








Ricks
vision began to lighten; the world around him a kaleidoscope of pale swirls.
His hearing was coming alive the hum of electric light tubes and a strange
ventilation sucking noise filling the air. He sensed the passage of time-was it
still evening? He didn't think so. 

His mind tried to retrace his steps.

He remembered sat in his father's car; Beth was next to him. Beth was his all
star girlfriend; going steady for ages now he still couldn't believe his luck.
With her curly blonde hair; tight sweater top and those thrusting tits she was
a dream. She had that sassy hipped wiggle and was a diminutive teen angel.
Maybe too much the angel he sometimes thought.

&quot;Where are they?&quot; Rick had asked scanning the car park for his
friend. Then seeing an uninvited guest approaching added, &quot;oh for fucks
sake Beth you didn't ask him along did you?&quot;

Beth shrugged her shoulders seeing her boyfriends face wince and then gave him
that seductive cow eyes that made everything ok.

&quot;Sorry,&quot; she said with an apologetic smile, big blue eyes fluttering
under stray blonde locks, &quot;he's not that bad is he?&quot;

Eagerly waving at the couple was Scooter, Beth's nerdy neighbour. The young man
wiped his flat grease hair in place his tank top looking inappropriate for
clubbing. 

&quot;Danny will screw.&quot; Rick said under his breath. &quot;You know how
that smuck fawns over Sadie when he meets her.&quot;

&quot;Oh please,&quot; Beth said holding his hand giving him a serious
questioning stare. &quot;Are you sure its not you being the over protective
brother?&quot;

Rick gave the nerd a grunt as he climbed in the back of the car. He'd only just
got to terms that Danny was with his precious sisters. The idea that this jerk
had aspirations along the same lines was almost beyond comprehension.

Suddenly there was an old high school battle cry from the darkness and Danny
and Sadie appeared arm in arm. Danny was impressively big choosing to go the
wrestling way back at school rather than Rick's glory charge on the football
pitch and along side Sadie with her waif body and pony tiled blonde mane he
looked like a bulldozer.

Rick leaned out to shake his friends hand the blonde skinhead teen giving him a
solid grip.

Danny smiled with his cheeky grin then looked into the back of the car. His
face then said it all but he still added a pained,&quot;fuck!&quot;
Rick just shrugged his shoulders in resignation his younger sister also giving
him daggers as if to say, &quot;that's all we need bro.&quot;

Back in the present in the brightening expanding box Rick could now raise his
head. He felt like he'd been kicked by a horse; his brain still spinning in his
skull. There was a high pitch voice close by the shrill tones echoing in his
new world. His vision tried to make sense of the merging images however the
nasally cater hollering was unmistakable.

It was Trilly! &quot;Why, how did she?&quot; Then he
remembered.

The club had accepted them with ease, no need for ID or arguments. Even nerd
boy had got in looking like a 50's maths professor. It must have being a quiet
night. They danced and partied Beth looking fantastic; a bootylicous
babe, his sister also a heavenly sight in her figure hugging dress.

That was when Trill arrived.

Some girls have that knack. The one that turns the boys knees weak. Rick saw
many men admiring her great figure as she sauntered up to him. Trill was Beth's
older sister and so different from her it was hard to imagine them as siblings.
Beth was so sweet and straight laced; Rick had bluffed his way out of many
conversations about how hot she was in bed. That was because even after six
months of dating he didn't know. Trill on the other hand could provide an
impressive list of satisfied boyfriends.

Tall with legs to die for Trill gave him a smug smile as she approached. Beth
gripped his hand as her red head sister approached. She knew only too well her
penchant for boyfriend stealing. Trill cocked her head to one side seeing the
possessive gesture her eyes lighting up in delight.

&quot;Oh come on Beth,&quot; she said hands on hips in a look at me stance;
&quot;as if I would?&quot; 

She them waved her hand dismissively. &quot;Rick's really not my type, don't
you worry.&quot; And in that quick glib remark made both her sister and her
boyfriend feel diminished in some way. Rick gave a snort half in anger half
feeling insulted and as he turned away caught Danny eyeing the woman's long
heeled legs.

&quot;Hey duffious,&quot; he said nudging his friend
hard in the shoulder. &quot;Shouldn't you be keeping your eyes on my
sister?&quot;

Danny looked sheepishly away but Rick couldn't blame him. He knew how difficult
it was not to be interested in the teen bitch. It was even harder when you went
out with her sister.

That's when the night had started to turn sour. Trill had slapped a boy, no
wait Danny had, shit it was hard to remember. They all been thrown out and it
had been a struggle to get six in his car; Scooter pressed up against Trills
body Danny like a mountain guarding Sadie who in turn was pressed against the
far door. It was no surprise that cop car had stopped them. Then Rick
remembered was it a cop car, he hadn't been sure? It had flashing lights but it
was more of a van.

Trill's high pitch wail was like a siren stirring his body. He felt the need to
kneel up his vision firming up. His left hand was above his head and he
realised it was tied to something. His other wrist felt strange his shoulders tingling
in the air. A moment later he realised he was naked.

The voices overwhelmed him, his friends all talking, moaning, and shouting. He
took a depth breath his head finally clearing. He recalled that shadowy figure
at his driver window, the canister of acrid gas. As he looked around he felt
like pinching himself, his stomach turning as he realised fate had conjured
something evil into his world that night.

They were all imprisoned in a windowless concrete room. 

High above long strip lights glared down a large seamless steel shutter door
closed, the walls a mixture of white tiles and riveted aluminium panels. Rick
could see two cctv cameras
high in opposite corners, the lenses rotating and extending as someone unseen
manipulated them. On the far wall from Rick were large scrawled letters.

Everyone must play 

Everyone must come.

He took the scene in and in a very short time he understood. How long would it
take you to understand you were in the grip of a mad man?

***************************

At the far side of the rectangular room on the left wall was a 12 foot wide
Perspex box. The material like you might find in a squash court. The box had a
multiple bolted door fastened by padlocks. Inside the box Scooter was able to
stand uncomfortable with his stark naked skinny body. On the floor was Rick's
sister; Sadie. The lithe blonde girl was bound with manacles, arms behind her
back ankles tied together her mouth forced into a continuous yawn; a leather
ball gag tied around her head. Each bondage restraint was held by a 6 digit
barrel padlock. 

Her eyes were wild in panic and embarrassment, her body so elegant and slim,
totally naked apart from leather restraints; curled on the floor. Scooter
looked wide eyed around his Perspex cell an embarrassed, &quot;oh my,&quot;
coming from his lips as he noticed a collection of sadomasochistic paddles and
ribbed dildos hanging by hooks behind him.

Opposite these two on the right wall was Danny. The big bear was forced to
squat his arms behind his back attached to the wall his bare feet were in
manacles and he was held in position by a neck brace. He was bellowing in
protest his jaw able to move but Rick could tell that metal wings held his head
rigid his face pointing straight back towards the Perspex box where Scooter and
his bound babe lay captive and trussed. Danny naked cock and balls were pressed
onto the end of a big Perspex tube fastened around his groin so he couldn't
wriggle it free. The tube end finished with a protruding cable leading to the
wall.

Between Ric and his friend the central part of the
room had a strange half cylinder on the floor. About 6 foot long it was like a
sawn in two tree trunk, a single hole cut along its length. Beth was kneeling
near by her hands behind her back a chain around her ankle allowing her some
movement around the long tube; but not enough to reach the far group or come to
aid him. She stared at her boyfriend her chest rising and falling; her fabulous
big breasted hourglass shape like an upright bottle as she knelt erect. Rick
was on the near wall his hand above his head chained to a ceiling hook and Beth
looked horrified back at him and beyond to her wailing sister.

To his side in arms reach was Trill. The stunning girl was like everyone else
naked her fantastic waist and legs straining as she lay on an inclined metal
table. Her big kissable lips were drawn back as she held a continuous open
mouth expression of horror and discomfort. Her hands were tied tightly under
the cast iron seat back her ass slightly hanging over the lower end of the
table.

Trilly's thighs were parted a little as her leg were
out at slight v angles to each other, her ankles attached to fat steel
stirrups, looking like roof beams. The beams seemed to be attached by cogs and
rods under the table to some sort of machine.

&quot;Get me off this fucking thing.&quot; Trilly
squealed

But Ric could do nothing. He just looked at the naked
stunner noting a strange circular hoop of metal over her shaven pussy held
tightly in place by leather straps

He looked at his free hand then at Trill in confusion. Although he could reach
her waist his hand was bandaged tightly by tape and rubber into a black pointed
stump. He couldn't move a finger his digits now covered by this bizarre
bandage. Down his fore arm he had a similar hooped
steel bracelet bound to his skin his wrist passing through the middle. It was
the same as Trill's pussy hoop with 3 copper points around the rim with a wire
leading off under the table. He could see the girls hoop also had the 3 copper
points and a wire too.

Trill screamed again in frustration again Rick telling her to calm. His mind
was trying to understand what the hell was going on. He could see his naked
girlfriend close but unable to help. He looked down at his body. His balls and
deflated cock were a deep royal blue, painted for some unknown reason. And all
around then tying him, Trill and the rest into bizarre positions were 6 digit
barrel padlocks. There must have been dozens in the room.

&quot;Oh Jesus,&quot; Beth moaned,&quot; What the hell's happening?&quot;

Danny was less reserved at his predicament and the view of his girlfriend
laying all bound up next to a naked nerd was unbearable.

&quot;I'll fucking kill the bastard who's responsible,&quot; he yelled.
&quot;Get this fucking thing off me now!&quot; And staring back at the Perspex
box (he had no choice his head fixed), he snarled.&quot; Keep your fucking
hands of my girl!&quot; 

Scooter jumped back his attempts at unfastening Sadie's binds met with a
menacing rebuke.

Scooter shook his head horrified, &quot;I'm just trying to help her.&quot;

Danny snarled back,&quot; no you aren't you fuck not unless you know the
combinations to the locks! Do you?&quot;

Scooter shook his head pathetically. 

&quot;We'll keep the fuck off then,&quot; Shouted Rick finishing Danny's line
of argument also appalled that the fucking geek was pawning the naked Sadie.

&quot;Never mind her! &quot;Screamed Trill her big
long lashed eyes rolling in disbelief,&quot; what the fuck about me?&quot;

Rick shrugged his shoulders embarrassed but also perversely delighted with the
view. His girlfriend's hot sister spread eagle and table bound in front of him.
Beth saw his eyes linger and she gave a frustrated muffled scream at her letching boyfriend.

&quot;Rick!&quot;

He snapped back into concentration looking around the room.&quot; Look up
behind the Perspex in the wall, it's a TV!&quot; 

&quot;Oh great,&quot; Trill moaned closing her eyes in growing embarrassment,
&quot;let's watch the fucking game then!&quot;

That moment the TV came alive a black screen with a few lines of words on it.
The group stared at the flickering image the words remaining there allowing Beth
to read them slowly aloud.

&quot;The stirrups will bend back all the way, ten minutes, hurry before she
splits, make the connection.&quot;

Then the screen went dead.

The group were silent for a moment then they jumped in surprise as a mechanical
clang echoed in the room.

The machine attached to Trills bed had come alive. The stirrups were on a huge
ratchet wheel the massive metal beams drawn together in tension by some missing
heavy machinery. Now as the cogs turned eventually they aligned creating a
missing tooth and at this point the tensioned steel bars suddenly jerked with
great power slightly wider apart.

Clank!

Trill screamed her ankle and thighs a few inches more opened now. &quot;Oh my God! My ankles! It's spreading my legs!&quot;

As they all shouted Rick looked under the table the big cogs rotating the
stirrups suddenly springing another inch or so wider, Trill giving another yelp
of horror

&quot;Oh shit the girders look like they will bend almost all the way
back,&quot; he cried.

&quot;Jesus its going to keep opening,&quot; Scooter coughed looking from
inside his Perspex cell. &quot;Oh fuck Trill, Rick it's going to snap her in
two!&quot;

&quot;Shut the fuck up,&quot; Rick screamed seeing a bin under the table. He
used his leg to pull it closer. It was full of axle grease?

Clank! The stirrups opened another few inches Trill sliding a little down the
table her legs needing to bend slightly her groin now rising the metal hoop
thrusting up; her bare slit like a cats eye staring from inside a metal eyelid.

&quot;It said make the connection.&quot; Beth spoke out loud Rick looking at
the metal hoop around his wrist. It had copper connections with a wire leading
away.

Rick pushed his bandaged hand towards Trill's sweaty flat tummy the metal
clanking against its girl strapped counterpart. But as much as he tried the
hoop would not touch at the 3 points at the same time.

&quot;It's just too far up my wrist I can't press them on at the same
time.&quot; Then he looked at the greased bucket then back at his cone shaped
bandaged wrist

&quot;Oh shit I know want he wants me to do.&quot;

Click! The two girders sprang another inch or so wider Trill groin rising as
much as the pitch of her voice.

&quot;Oh shit! Please do something; hurry.&quot;

Rick looked at Beth the beautiful woman standing wide eyes her mouth open not
understanding why her boyfriend was looking so torn.

&quot;Oh please Rick help her,&quot; she begged.
Scooter suddenly realised what needed to be done.

&quot;Jesus Rick you need to put your hand up inside her. Inside her pussy then
the rings will connect.&quot;

Trills scream was half in horror at the suggestion half in terror at yet
another inch of opening stirrup

&quot;No Rick that's not,&quot; Beth floundered on her words seeing her
sister's face as the stirrups widened; her knees straining inwards her back
arching thrusting her domes skyward.

&quot;No you dirty fuck!&quot; Trill gasped looking down over her fine turned
body to the man between her legs. She shook her head mouth open wide but
speechless as Rick dipped his hand in the axle grease and then wiped his stump
along her slit.

&quot;Jez Trilli I've got
no choice,&quot; he explained Trill still shaking her red head but also
groaning as her legs clicked open a little wider.

Danny was hollering but he couldn't see his head locked in position, Beth, the
bound Sadie and Scooter however could and all watched in disbelief.

&quot;Oh fuck no Rick,&quot; Beth moaned as his stump pressed on Trilly's sex.

The teen bitch gave a groan gnashing her teeth thrashing her body, her opinion
the same as her sisters.

&quot;No ugggggg no you fuckkkkkk!&quot;

Her leg were now impressively splayed her knees bending a little pulling her
butt down the table as the girders continued on their 360 degree journey apart.

Trill felt his stump pushing her tight young hole and as her thighs ached she
realised it was her only chance.

&quot;Push Rick uggggggg push harder eeeieeeeeeeee!&quot;

Rick was pushing, pressing his stump the grease foaming around her shaven hole
the skin been forced back. His biceps bulged as she screamed but he couldn't
stop, no time to waste. He pushed with all his might.

&quot;Eieeeeeeeeee!&quot;
Trill gave an amazed scream, Beth with her hands over her mouth, Scooter and
Rick now hardening. 

&quot;You fucking bastard,&quot; Trill groaned the fist sliding into her hot
tunnel her body feeling like it was swallowing a fence post, &quot;you're
fucking loving this uggggg!&quot; And she glared down
at his royal blue erection.

Red faced Rick twisted his wrist pushing deeper Trill looking at him in the
eyes her teeth gritted her legs widening still. The hoops were now very close
and she thrust forward with her groin giving a sensation filled grunt. The
hoops touched; the copper nodes fashioned in such a way that they interlocked
and with 3 simultaneous clicks the connection were made and the machine
suddenly came to a halt.

&quot;Oh shit oh shit!&quot; Trill groaned her legs an impressive v shape her
groin slightly off the table Ricks stump swallowed deep underneath her flat
tummy. She gave a lip biting moan her eyes rolling realising the situation she
was in.

**********

Rick took a deep breath then tried to slowly pull out of the babe. She gritted her
teeth but as soon as a single electrode unclipped the engines began to whine
again, Trill screaming in panic and before it could click another notch on the
wheel he pushed hard back in the node relocking. He would have to leave it
there for the time being.

Rick was panted in relief, his face turning to his girlfriend.

Beth was also panting her breathing audible now the machine had been stopped.
Danny was still complaining no one was telling him what was happening. Beth
certainly didn't want to say her boyfriend was standing with his fist all the
way inside her own sister. The girl spread like a gymnast minutes from snapping
in two.

&quot;Oh Rick you...&quot; Trill voice trailed offunsure
if she should be pleased or not. He'd just saved her life. Beth shuddered hearing
the pleasurable undertone to her sisters lament and gave a frustrated screech
of impotence

&quot;Aggggggg why, why us?&quot;

Rick then heard a new noise. &quot;Wait listen the table stirrups have stopped
but what that hissing sound?&quot;

They looked toward were Danny was knelt. No one had noticed a Perspex box up at
the side of his clamped head. It had been full of a grey grain which was now
emptying to the floor

&quot;It's sand, pouring out!&quot;

The box slowly emptied the sand in a pile on the floor and as it did they saw
the shape of a silver revolver come into view within the box. It was fastened
inside, the barrel pointing inches from Danny's clamped skull.

&quot;What is it what do you see?&quot; The big bear wanted answers realising
something was happening to him now.

The sand drained to the final granules and they could see a big hand clock
ticking down. It was a special dial maybe only counting fifteen minutes on the
full face. The clock and trigger seemed connected in some way. Scooter babbled
in a nervous voice.

&quot;Oh shit Danny it's a gun shit its going to go off when the timer
finishes.&quot;

&quot;When.?&quot; He shouted.

&quot;I don't, know maybe fifteen minutes.&quot; 

Danny began to scream and thrash Scooter and Beth shouting over his rants.
&quot;Danny! Danny! What's the writing say on that tube?&quot; 

Danny looked to his cock encasing tube. At the tip of the tube inside there was
a red stop button. On the outside was a label. 

It said, press to stop.

&quot;I need to press this button,&quot; he gasped looking down the 6 inch
tube. &quot;Oh fuck!&quot; He wriggled about trying to knock the tube. The end
had a cable leading away tacked to the floor it bent around towards the box.

&quot;Oh fuck I need to get hard,&quot; he gasped realising his cock when erect
would nudge this stop button. But at present he was limp even Trill sensation
filled groans had not been enough and he couldn't even see the curvaceous body
of Beth. He could only see his bound and trussed girlfriend staring back in
panic and the awful skinny Scooter his cock semi erect after watching Rick fist
the teen queen.

&nbsp;

Oh
no,&quot; he said again knowing the gun was counting down, &quot;you fucking
bastards.&quot;

He knew what would do it. Shit he had no choice. 

&quot;Fucking do her man!&quot; Danny cried looking at his girl and Scooter.
Sadie shook her head in horror, Beth also shocked. Rick looked to the ceiling
realising that Scooter would have to fuck his sister. Then was distracted by
the movement of Trill as her eyes flashed in sensation, his hand so warm inside
her

Sadie wriggled as she was pulled onto her knees bent double; Scooter mumbling
unsure what to do.

&quot;Do it man. Fuck! I need to see. I need to get hard.&quot;

Scooter stroked Sadie's back unsure and nervous the girl wriggling and bleating
through her gag. But Danny didn't want that.

&quot;No for fucks sake! Slap her! Spank her fucking ass.&quot;

Scooter mouth opened in surprise, Beth giving an indignant yelp of horror. Rick
gave a cry, &quot;what the fuck!&quot;

Slap! 

Scooter hand connected with Sadie's butt the girl bucking a little. Danny
frowned not satisfied. &quot;No you fuck harder. Harder, use the paddle!&quot;

Scooter grabbed the thing from the wall hammering down on Sadie's bucking ass.
Beth, and Rick hollering to stop as the fleshy slaps resonated in the room. 

&quot;You fucking little shit leave my sister alone.&quot; Rick spat his words
as his sister grunted in her gag, rocking to and thro on her knees as she
received her backside punishment. But Danny had a different opinion, he was
encouraging the geek; egging him on groaning as he saw Sadie's eyes rolling
with the hard sensation.

&quot;The dildo man,&quot; The big teen gasped his cock hardening growing up
the tube. &quot;The big ribbed black one; ram it in! Fuck her hard with
it!&quot;

Scooter looked back as if to be reassured; Sadie shaking her head in protest. 

Scooter coughed his words aware of Ricks protests bitter and vengeful from
across the room. &quot;Danny I don't think I...&quot;

&quot;Fucking do it! Plug the little bitch.&quot; Danny screamed almost feeling
the trigger about to pull.

Scooter shook with fright grabbing the awful ribbed rubber baton shaped device
from the wall hook.

The big black dildo was rammed up the young girl snatch her eyes crossing her
body jerking back and forth on her knees as the bondage babe was hammered in
her hole. Danny was grunting in satisfaction Sadie's groans audible through her
gag, her body rocking like a shivering dog.

&quot;Come on come on you bitch you know your place ugggh!
That it all the way in; yeah baby. Fucking take it like you always do!&quot; 

Beth's hands were over her face she sensed this was not the first time Danny
had talked to Sadie like that.

&quot;You fucking shit Danny,&quot; Rick shouted seeing his sister pounded by
the massive ribbed cock hearing Danny aroused and eager to see the abuse.
&quot;Is that what you fucking do man, slap my sister you fuck?&quot;

Danny was desperate his cock still couldn't reach and the timer it must nearly
be up.

Scooters cock was fully hard now his body covered in sweat the effort at
spanking and ramming more exhausting then he imagined. His bound beauty was
glistening in sweat her cute face flushed her eyes wild as she felt the dildo
blur in and out of her moistening hole.

&quot;Uhhh slap her more, spank her ass hurry hurry.&quot; 

Scooter himself was getting into it. He pulled the black monster from her pussy
and thundered down with his palm lifting the slim waist girl up onto her
haunches her ass an inviting target for his spanking. The room echoed from
flesh on flesh a muffled yelp from Sadie each hit, Beth saying no over and over
Rick swearing on his life what he would do to Danny when he was out.

Danny was covered in sweat himself his cock now expanding to the sides of the
tube the red plunger tip was near but he still couldn't thrust high enough.

&quot;Come on come on!&quot; He gasped, get up her you skinny fuck. Ride her!
Fuck her, now!&quot;

Scooter pulled his body behind the girl pressing his cock between her ass
cheeks as she writhed in protest.

&quot;Pull her around I need to see it,&quot; Danny gasped; Sadie struggling as
Scooter dragged her the other way and in open view of Danny slid his cock to
the hilt up into the pony tailed blonde's pussy.

Rick was thrashing in frustration Trill bouncing on the metal bed still held
tightly. The room was full of gasps, butt slapping pelvis movements and
disbelieving voices.

Scooter was groaning in delight his hands on Sadie's shoulder his cock all the
way in the slim beauty. He gripped her tiny waist; she was like a doll. But
this doll was gagged and bound her muffled gasps and screams sending him to
climax

Danny knew he was so near any second and the fucking greasy geek would shoot up
inside his cute ass spank girlfriend. 

Scooter was slapping her ass now like a ye-ha cowboy Danny demanding he
&quot;whoop her good.&quot; Scooter grunts had turned to full blow shouts of
delight as he was caught up in the sexual frenzy. 

&quot;That it yeah, yeah, take it, take it oh Sadie. Oh yes you fucking hot
bitch ugkkkkkkkkkkkkk I coming! I'm coming up
you!&quot;

He went stiff the girls face one of frozen shock as she felt him unload. 

&quot;Ohhhhhhhhhhhh oh I'm filling you yeahhhhhh!&quot;

Danny was fully hard and as he heard Scooter rant over and over about how full
Sadie was with his come the big man gave a massive thrust his bulbous rampant
cock tip reaching the stop button and the gun clock instantly froze.

*************************

Sadie fell onto her side panting through her gag in total disbelief her body
spanked and fucked in full view of her boyfriend and brother. Scooter fell back
his face red his cock deflating come hanging in strands between his cock head
and Sadie's rear. Rick was cursing him Beth shaking her head in disgust seeing
her neighbours character laid bare. Trill was opened mouth a little surprised
by Scooter's demented dog technique.

Danny was sobbing his cock stiff inside the tube the button pressed but unable
to reach climax. Beth gripped her head in frustration. &quot;Danny you piece of
shit!&quot; She hissed. The big man didn't reply his sexual preferences now
quite evident to all. 

Suddenly the room was plunged into darkness. Everyone screamed then their eyes
began to play tricks. They could see a shape. It was Beth. The girl was a
glowing orange. Not all of her just parts, her tits, ass, the spine of her
back, hands and her eye sockets were glowing.

&quot;Jesus Beth you got fluorescent paint on.&quot; Beth lips were a neon oval
as she took a depth breath, then pointed.

&quot;Look on the wall.&quot; The TV was black but for a few words and some
numbers

-The room must stay dark for ten minutes or you will never leave-

&quot;What the hell does he mean? It is dark.&quot; 

On the wall the black screen was counting down in small yellow numbers 9.59,
9.58, 9.57...

As if to answer the obvious question there was a clunk and a fountain of white
light shone from the hole in the silver truck shaped object near Beth. It
appeared as a shaft of brilliant light reaching up like a column to the
ceiling. There was a whirring noise and machinery going through the motions as
steadily the light widened then gave a amazing starburst effect as a humming
glass vibrator rose up out of the cylindrical base.

The thing was shuddering intensely the curved ridged shaft a cork screw effect'
the thing ten tall glowing inches. The centre had some type of powerful optic
fibre and the group looked in awe as it rose like Excalibur from the lake;
finally clicking into place sparkling in the room.

Rick looked at the TV screen the timer had reset to 10 minutes and was holding.
Somewhere in the room maybe in many places sensors reacted to the light holding
the clock at 10 minutes as rigidly as the log tube held the buzzing cock.

Beth looked appalled,&quot; oh shit its... It's...

&quot;It's big,&quot; Murmured the impaled Trilly.
&quot;It's like a fucking light sabre.&quot; Scooter added.

Beth looked at the timer then at the vibro cock.
&quot;Maybe if...&quot; She bent down gripping her hands around the buzzing
length. It was like holding onto a jack hammer at full tilt her fingers
tingling uncomfortably. The light spewed from between her digits so she gripped
harder the light fading, but it didn't make much difference the base and tip
still glowed brilliantly.

The group shouted instructions Beth getting more and more desperate. She tried
to pin it between her thighs but no matter which way she attempted or what part
of her body she used not even the briefest moment of full darkness could be
achieved.

Beth was grunting trying to wrestle with the humming rod until eventually she
fell back in despair. &quot;

I can't cover it,&quot; she moaned looking into the darkness at Rick then back
at the timer.

She took a deep breath. &quot;Rick,&quot; she sobbed, &quot;the things all
slimy and greased. I know what it wants me to do.&quot;

&quot;It?&quot; Rick said realising what she was suggesting.

&quot;It! Him! Whatever is doing this to us!&quot; She screamed frustrated that
it seemed to matter which.

Slowly, tentatively Beth straddled the vibrator, everyone who could watching in
silence.

&quot;OH, ohhhhh uggggggg!&quot;
She gave a series of uncomfortable, impaling grunts as the blonde beauty slid
onto the tip; the glass cock feeling cold but alive with light and power.

&quot;Oooooooooooooo!&quot;

They watched as her hips slid lower the shaft now more stunted, shrinking
slowly, even the humming becoming duller.

&quot;Ohhhhhhhhhhh shittt.&quot;

Her inexperienced pussy sucked the cock in the shaft now a glowing 3 inches the
other seven inside her dark body.

&quot;Oh God it's ugggg tooo.&quot;
The gang encouraged her to try harder, &quot;push Beth push!&quot;

She gave an animal roar as she forced down to a final brilliant inch of ringed
light.

She pushed her hands down trying to cover the remaining parts and suddenly the
room was plunged back into black

They could hear her moan the timer instantly beginning to descend.

Rick watched as the fluorescent paint came alive again and he could see his
babe rocking on the fuck log glowing like some sexual demon; neon lips parting
her big tits like beacons emitting the soft pink glow.

Her teeth where chattering the vibrator like a twisted glass vase battering her
insides the light contained by her expanded and deeply explored pussy shaft. 

Scooter managed to take his eyes of the girl long enough to see the timer had
reached 9.

&quot;Shit Beth you have to keep going any light and it will reset.&quot; He
coached.

Beth seemed to nod but it was hard to tell the girls eyes close her hands now
on the trunk no need to help cover the light; she had swallowed the whole ten
humming inches inside her.

Then Danny shouted. He couldn't see the floorshow but he could see large
letters appearing above Scooter and Sadie's Perspex box. It was more
fluorescent paint work.

The letters said - Under the blue paint is the lock code-

&quot;What paint,&quot; Danny shouted. &quot;What the fuck, there's no blue
paint.&quot;

Rick looked down into nothingness the faint shape of his hardening cock below
him. The erect blue painted cock.

&quot;Yes there is,&quot; he said solemnly,&quot;yes
there fucking well is.&quot; And with that Beth gave a cute whimper her back
arching neon tits thrusting; and Ricks cock stiffened further.

It was down to five minutes when Beth began to groan louder and unashamedly.
The thing had been a constant powerful vibration but now she didn't care about
hiding her embarrassment. The sensation was too much and she grunted and wailed
like an alley cat.

&quot;Oh fuck ugggggggg its fucking ugggggggggggg!&quot; 

She didn't have the words to describe her feelings. Her neck was straining like
a tensed tiger the shouts from the others in her ears. She had to ride it and
keep riding it. If she pulled off it would only mean another attempt later.
They could starve to death waiting for her to finish ten minutes on this beast!

&quot;Ohhhhhhhhhhhh!&quot;

She was rocking in total frenzy now all watching in amazement as the prim girl
gyrated and bucked. Beth was keeping her pussy locked down on the cock her clit
on fire her inside feeling like a drilling bit digging to the core of the earth

Two minutes left.

&quot;Oh shiiiiiitttt it's ugggggg!&quot;
She was nearing climax her body writhing fabulous tits swinging her painted ass
bouncing. With only parts of her body painted she looked like a puppet
Halloween skeleton dancing in the night. Their captor had concentrated on her
feminine assets, ass, tits, wriggling spine, high check boned pouting face.
With her eye lids shut her sockets glowed like big alien eyes.

&quot;Oh fuck oh no! No!&quot; She realised she was coming. She couldn't hold
any longer she have to ride the last minute in hypersensitive climax.

Her clit exploded her nails biting at the metal trunk her ass hammering down as
she grunted like a pig over and over until she screamed in ecstasy and burning
tickling sensation.

But as the after shock set her clit on fire she needed to remain in place. The
room echoed to screams of discomfort her body electric her head swimming
bedraggled blonde mane whipping like a demented woman. She was nearly out cold,
&quot;oh God if she fell off now oh oh ohhhhhhhhhh!&quot;

Click! As suddenly as they had faded the lights sprang back into life Beth
glistening with sweat rolled from the rigid glass pole the light now
extinguished, the machine silent, its job done.

*******************************

&quot;Oh Beth,&quot; Rick choked his words his cock as hard as nails and
looking across the room he could see Scooter and Danny were also showing their
appreciating of his girlfriends performance. Scooter stiffy
was covered by his hands as he saw Rick eyes narrow, Danny had being listening
to the moans his rock cock tapping uselessly against the press to stop plunger.

Rick spat venom at his ex friend &quot;Fancy spanking the fuck out of my
girlfriend too? You bastard!&quot;

He then looked to Trill with her legs wide apart the machine halted but not
finished with its evil expansion. His wrist was numb from the bandage and the
deep pussy fisting he had been forced to do. His cock was like a pole but he
knew the grease pussy plugged stump would never be able to scrape the paint
from his cock. Well definitely not before he saw the long legged Trill split in
two on the operating table. 

Her legs were fastened by barrel locks the same as his hand. He would need to
read the code unfasten his useable hand then free Trill. All this before the
stirrups did their job.

&quot;Oh no don't please,&quot;Trill shouted seeing
him look at his cock then her plugged slit.&quot; There not enough time!&quot;

He began to twists his hand Trill screaming for him to stop, desperate for the
leg splitter not to start working again.

&quot;I need to rub the paint off&quot; Rick said in a rasping voice his hand
pulling from the stunning babes pussy the mechanical device springing back into
life, intent on opening a whole 360 degrees. &quot;You need to help me.&quot;

He used his stump to angle his rampant cock then he thrust into the hot
dripping pussy. Trill gave a disgusted grunt and then another high pitched yelp
as the stirrups sprang another few inches wider. Her mound rose up to meet his
pelvis Rick still chained with his hand above his head his hips thrusting back
and forth trying to rub the blue paint form his aching shaft

&quot;Oh Rick, Rick, Rickkkkkk!&quot;

Beth moaned over and over not in ecstasy but horror. She stood hands on her
head watching him bang into her sister. Trill was open mouthed gasping at each
fiery thrust her leg splitting predicament apparently forgotten for a few
moments.

Then the stirrups sprang again and she screamed.

&quot;Jesusss Rick hurry!&quot;

Beth saw her sister was now at a full 180 split; something she not performed
for years since she was head cheerleader. But even her athletic body couldn't
part further than this. Beth shrieked herself realising what see was about to
see.

&quot;OH my God hurry she's going to die!&quot;

Rick was hurrying his breath laboured his balance faltering. His cock ached
with passion her slippery hole making it difficult to rub. But the paint was
coming away he knew he still had a minutes before the next and final split but
his balls were tightening.

As he hammered in he realised he was about to come. A limp cock might not show
the numbers in time.

&quot;Oh shit oh no fuck ukkkkkkkkkk!&quot; His cock
shot his desperate load up the young bitch adding to the lubrication. Trill
gasped feeling herself flooded then gritted her teeth shaking her head as she
sensed the final tooth would miss and the stirrups would spring all the way
back.

&quot;Oh shit, shit!&quot;

He made a few final thrusts pulling his cock out praying he could see the
numbers, already the blood was draining from his rod and he knew he only had
seconds

564421

He could see it, he was sure. He shouted the words out loud as his chained hand
fingers gripped the barrel lock. Everyone was shouting and screaming but Rick
shut them out turning the barrels until... 

Click!

Free he instantly turned to Trill; Beth was already there her own barrel lock
now unfastened.

Each fiddled with an ankle as the device began to clatter and....

Snap! Snap!

The stirrups jumped the final notch both heavy girders springing all the way
back to the head of the table exerting enormous pulling forced. But Trill's
legs remained in place both her ankles now free of the horrid manacles.

Rick collapsed to his knees Beth helping her sister up the girl now able to
begin removing the fuck ring. Rick picked at his bandaged hand the grease and
juices still present. Scooter was unfastening Sadie using the same barrel code
the girl beginning to curse and yelp once her mouth gag was free pushing him away
in revulsion. 

&quot;Get me out of the fucking box!&quot; She screamed as Beth and Trill
opened the Perspex cages door. Danny had to wait until they unclipped his head
and just in time he was able to pull his neck away and move before Rick managed
to release his fist and rained punches down on him.

&quot;You fucking shit!&quot; He screamed Danny rolling on the floor trying to
protect himself from the barrage. 

The group pulled them apart all now oblivious to their naked bodies.

Beth hollered above everyone.

&quot;Pull yourself together we've done it.&quot;

Rick looked back fire in his eyes, &quot;done what? We're no further out of
this fucking place than we started.&quot; Beth was lost for words it was an
awful truth. She looked up at the cctv high in the
corner and grew angry.

&quot;We've done it you sick fuck we played your game and won, now let us
out.&quot;

A few seconds later the TV screen flickered and she saw the answer. 

Only 3 came

You have to play again

The room began to fill with acrid gas the party floundering around in
desperation choking and wailing. The mist grew thick the gas overwhelming them
Beth just standing looking like a fantastic statue as the gas swirl around her
hips. She was frozen in disbelief refusing to accept the answer. Suddenly the
room was a white out and then there was silence.

*****************************

Rick awoke slowly his mind once again confused, had he been dreaming? For a few
thankful minutes his world was a soft swirling half consciousness time to feel
safe and reassured. Only when the moaning and crying filtered through to his
ears did the cold sharp reality kick in.

He was in the concrete cell.

Rick was on his back his legs strapped to the massive girder stirrups. His neck
was locked in place and as he looked down over his chest his flaccid cock was a
dark blue again. Standing looking at him her arm chained above her head was
Sadie. Her other hand was bandaged and she stood legs slightly apart
uncomfortable with the harness and big ribbed dildo belted between her groin.

He looked away from the obscene sight across the room.

Scooter was now clamped in the revolver stocks his cock inside the tube. Beth
now rolled around in the Perspex box bondage gag and shackles in place her
sister standing hands on mouth an array of funnels, pipes, bladders and pump
ball devices hanging from the wall around her.

&nbsp;

Rick
stared into the eyes of his girl friend her sanity looking like it was on a
short leash.

Danny was sobbing, &quot;How? How? How the fuck could I come? I couldn't touch
it man!&quot; 

His big frame was hunched over the silver tree trunk the dark hole vacant but
threatening another visitor. Danny sobbed more his options limited on how he
would have to hide the light stick when it appeared.

Ric looked up to the TV screen the message read

-Everyone must play-

-Everyone must come-

Let's begin again...

THE END







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Finc


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





