BDSM Library - Red\'s Demise




Red\'s Demise
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Red breaks the law and is punished accordingly.







Red squirmed uncomfortably in her 
chair,&nbsp;in the headmasters office. Tiny beads of sweat formed at her brow. 
In front of her Mr. Brown, head teacher of St Michaels Private High School 
poured over her notes.
&nbsp;
"Well Ms. Jones, I expected better 
behaviour from you. I should fire you on the spot but I'm not going to. You will 
be made to endure the upmost humiliation for your actions." Red could do little 
more than hang her head in shame. Mr. Brown pressed a button on his intercome, 
uttered something Red missed and in came two burly men.
&nbsp;
Red, or Ms. Jones as she was known by 
the pupils was a nice woman. 29, with the perfect figure. She had always wanted 
to be a teacher, training for years in university and taking on a multitude of 
shoddy teaching jobs to work her way up to the most acclaimed school in the 
city. 
&nbsp;
Unfortunately, one of the boys had 
caught her masturbating and informed Mr. Brown knowing the conequences brought 
on by the confiscation of stimulation aids. The law had been passed after the 
severe decrese of children being born between 2065 and 2078, all females were to 
have such toys confiscated and the market went back undergroud. Red had 4 toys, 
a virbrating egg, a rampant rabbit, a butt plug -with optional vibrate- and 12" 
black dildo. 
&nbsp;
One of the men hauled her to her 
feet, the other frisked her. Upon finding nothing Red was quickly stipped of all 
her clothes. The men, clearly being watched by the headmaster roughly fingered 
her pussy and tits, squeezing them and shoving severl, short, stubby digits into 
her vunerable pussy. A collar was fitted along with a leash and nipple clamps 
that bit into her dark nipples until Red cried out in agony.
&nbsp;
She was hauled by her nipples into a 
room full of boys and staff in various states of undress. Red knew that she was 
lucky that Mr. Brown had not informed the authorities, because such crimes 
invovlved either being brutally flogged then decapetated or being thrown into a 
jail where murderers, rapists and muggers could fuck you until you were 
dead.
&nbsp;
Red was rougly dragged and forced 
onto a table on all fours, tied down tightly, her head pulled back and attached 
to a harness on her back. She was spun around to face the audience when Mr. 
Brown spoke.
&nbsp;
"Thank you all for attending this 
assebly, as is now common knowledge Ms. Jones has violated the no stimulants law 
and will be punished here, and here only. Not a word of this is to be leaked out 
on pain of death. Am I making myself clear?"
&nbsp;
"Yes, Mr. Brown." Came the chorus of 
masculine voices.
&nbsp;
"Ms. Jones is to be the school slut, 
you may use her with permission of the guards day or night, in any hole. She 
will be removed once a day for cleaning and feeding. That is all." Without 
another word, he tottered off and left the boys to it. Several rushed forward, 
eager to fuck. Cocks were shoved in her mouth, her ass and pussy. Red had never 
felt such pleasure, and soon succumbed to her fate as the school slut. 

&nbsp;
By the end of the first day she was 
covered from head to toe in spunk, it dripped off her abused tits, her hair, her 
face. It ran down her legs in hot streams from her stretched ass and pussy. 
Slipping in and out of conciousness Red saw another young man approach. He was 
dressed, upon reaching her he shoved his rock hard cock in her mouth and as he 
face fucked her full force he began to speak.
&nbsp;
"I was the one who ratted on you. I 
saw you fuck your slutty hole with that dildo. Pounding yourself wishing it was 
young cock." Red's face went crimson. But the boy continued. "I went to the 
headteacher, but naturally he just wanted you gone, until I gave him this idea. 
Now everyone knows what a cum bucket you are and you're going to be fucked until 
we throw you out on the streets as nothing but a whore." The boys thusts had 
become faster, his cock sliding down Red's throat, making her gag. He pulled out 
and came over her face and tits slapping her around her cheeks with his 
softening cock. Sliding the dildo that had ruined her career the boy turned its 
power on full and injected Red with something. Seconds later she was so horny 
that she came instantly. A few more boys came in.
&nbsp;
The first who had ratted on her 
whispered viciously, "beg them to fuck you!" Red couldn't help but oblige, 
nothing else mattered anymore except cock. She was nothing more than a cock 
whore.

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Gemma Jones


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





