BDSM Library - A second serving




A second serving
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A D/s couple meet another woman while on a business trip







As a college professor, I travel a fair amount to attend conferences,
give talks, and do some consulting

 
   
   jim
  2
  3
  2007-01-06T18:37:00Z
  2007-01-06T18:37:00Z
  1
  5800
  33066
  Penn State University
  275
  77
  38789
  10.2625
 

 
  6 pt
  2
  2
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}


 

 
  
 






As a
college professor, I travel a fair amount to attend conferences, give talks,
and do some consulting. Once or twice a year, my wife Sarah will join me on one
of these trips, especially if it is one in a fun place where my time commitment
to work is minimal.

&nbsp;

On a
recent trip, Sarah decided to come with me. I was being asked to give a speech
to a conference being held at a very nice resort hotel and spa. The group
sponsoring the talk was paying my travel expenses and a small honorarium,
enough to also pay for airfare for Sarah to come with me. The best part was
that my talk was scheduled for Friday morning, and then I would have no other
responsibilities even though my room at the hotel was provided through Sunday.
Sarah looked forward to taking advantage of the spa facilities and have a
relaxing weekend.

&nbsp;

Friday
afternoon, after I completed my talk, Sarah and I headed to the indoor pool to
take a swim. The pool was almost empty, as the conference took up most of the
hotel and most of the participants were still in meetings. After our swim we
got into the hot tub, which we both find a nice way to relax. As we sat there,
we noticed a woman walk into the pool area. She was tall, probably 5 foot 9
inches or so, and was full-sized. Not fat, mind you, but definitely full of
curves in all the right places. While some would not find her attractive, she
carried herself in a manner that exuded confidence. I noticed that Sarah, who
is bisexual, was also watching her quite closely. We have a very secure
relationship and quite often will admire women together.

&nbsp;

She
placed her towel on a lounge chair near the hot tub, and as she did, I got a
better view of her. She was wearing a one-piece suit that was cut quite high on
the thighs and the top revealed quite a bit of her cleavage. As she turned
after placing her towel down I saw a sumptuous ass, one that many might
consider too large but that was beautifully proportioned in my view. I was
quite pleased to see her heading toward the hot tub.

&nbsp;

As she
entered, she smiled and said hello to the two of us. We smiled back, said
hello, and left it at that. She closed her eyes and placed her head back on the
edge with a dreamy look on her face. After a few minutes of this, she picked
her head up, opened her eyes, and said, &quot;Well, this certainly is
relaxing.&quot;

&nbsp;

Sarah
replied, &quot;Yes, it certainly is, we enjoy hot tubs whenever we get a
chance.&quot;

&nbsp;

The woman
replied, &quot;Yes, so do I.&quot; She turned to me and said, &quot;By the way,
I caught your talk this morning, and found it very interesting.&quot;

&nbsp;

I was
surprised, and of course Sarah chuckled when she heard the woman say this (she
always finds it amusing when somebody compliments me professionally). I didn't
know what to say, so just said, &quot;Why, thank you.&quot; Sarah, who is much
better in social situations than I am, said, &quot;Oh, so you're here for the
conference.&quot;

&nbsp;

The woman
responded, &quot;Yes, and by the way, my name is Mary.&quot;

&nbsp;

Sarah
said, &quot;Well, you already know Bob's name, and my name is Sarah. Are you
here for the whole weekend?&quot;

&nbsp;

Mary
said, &quot;Yes, though I'm jealous that the two of you are getting to spend
some nice time together.&quot;

&nbsp;

I
replied, &quot;Oh, did you leave somebody behind at home?&quot;

&nbsp;

Mary
said, &quot;Well, to be truthful, not really. I recently broke up with my
boyfriend, so I wouldn't have had anybody to bring with me anyway.&quot;

&nbsp;

Sarah
said, &quot;I'm sorry to hear that. It's always a pain when relationships break
up, no matter what the reason. Bob and I have been lucky to have been together
for a long time. I don't mean to pry, but would you like to tell us what happened?&quot;

&nbsp;

Mary
hesitated for a few seconds, looking first at Sarah, then at me. It appeared
that she was trying to decide if she could trust us, or whether it was even
worth the trouble to go into the whole thing or not. We waited quietly without
pressuring her; Sarah was really just trying to be polite and making
conversation anyway.

&nbsp;

After
about 30 seconds, Mary looked like she had made her mind up to talk. She said,
&quot;I guess it just came down to personalities. We really weren't that
compatible, and even though we tried for a while to make it work, we realized
it wouldn't.&quot;

&nbsp;

Sarah
asked, &quot;What was the difference in your personalities?&quot;

&nbsp;

Mary
hesitated again for a few seconds, as if she were trying to find the right
words, and then replied, &quot;I would describe it as both of us having quite
strong personalities, and that made it impossible for us to be happy
together.&quot;

&nbsp;

Sarah
responded, &quot;Well that's certainly not a problem that Bob and I have. I do
have a strong personality, but he's pretty submissive.&quot;

&nbsp;

When I
heard that, I whipped my head around and started at her. The truth was that
Sarah and I enjoyed quite a bit of dominant-submissive play in our sexual
relationship, with her being the dominant one. But we had never discussed this
with anybody, and we rarely brought the role-playing outside of our sexual
play. I was stunned that she would say this to a perfect stranger. And not just
a perfect stranger, but somebody who now knew me professionally. Sarah caught
my look out of the corner of her eye and just gave me a little smile.

&nbsp;

I didn't
know what to say, or whether I should even say anything at all. After I got
over my shock of Sarah's disclosure, I looked at Mary and saw no reaction at
all on her face. I couldn't tell if she didn't get what Sarah had said, or if
it simply didn't impress her. She said to Sarah, &quot;Well then, you are quite
lucky to have found one another and developed your relationship together.&quot;

&nbsp;

Sarah
replied, &quot;Yes, we are.&quot; I was still shocked into silence, and wasn't
sure where this was all going, but decided the best thing to do was simply keep
my mouth shut. Sarah continued, &quot;Bob and I have very few conflicts in our
relationship because we both know our places. He is always willing to do what I
tell him, aren't you Bob?&quot; She turned her head to me as she asked this
question, and all I could do was mumble very quietly, &quot;Yes, Sarah.&quot;

&nbsp;

Sarah
responded, &quot;I'm sorry, Bob, I don't think Mary could hear you. Could you
repeat that?&quot; I wasn't sure what to do at this stage; I was torn between
not wanting to have our relationship brought out into the open in front of this
woman, and wanting to obey my wife. I guess my submissive side won out, and I
replied more clearly, &quot;Yes, Sarah, I am willing to do what you tell
me.&quot; I glanced over at Mary, and there was still little reaction. She just
had a slightly amused look on her face, like she was enjoying being a voyeur to
this little show.

&nbsp;

Sarah
then said, &quot;Mary, would you like to see an example of what I mean?&quot;
When I heard this, I was stunned! Sarah was actually proposing that Mary be
allowed to observe us while we played. At the same time I was stunned, I felt
myself getting aroused in my swimsuit, but still couldn't believe this was
happening.

&nbsp;

Without
hesitation, Mary said with a smile, &quot;Sure, that would be fun!&quot; So
Sarah said, &quot;Okay, let's go then. C'mon Bob. Let's head back to our
room.&quot;

&nbsp;

I was in
a fog, but didn't know what to do other than to follow along. As the three of
us got out and dried ourselves off, Mary said, &quot;I'd like to just stop at
my room and take a quick shower to wash the chlorine off of me, then I'll meet
you.&quot; Sarah said, &quot;Sounds like a good idea, we'll do the same.&quot;

&nbsp;

We left
the pool and started walking toward our room, Mary following. As we were
walking, Sarah said to Mary, &quot;What room are you in?&quot; She replied,
&quot;464.&quot; And Sarah said, &quot;Great! Right next to ours!&quot;

&nbsp;

When we
got to our room, I closed the door and turned to Sarah and said, &quot;What are
you doing?&quot; She replied, &quot;Oh c'mon, Bob, be a good sport and just
play along. Nobody's going to get hurt. And besides, I want you to do this. For
me.&quot; She got that stern look in her face, and I knew that I would be
unable to resist her. I just nodded meekly, and she told me that she was going
to shower and then I would. After she finished, I got into the shower, and I
heard Sarah go over and open up the door to the adjoining room, and knock once.


&nbsp;

After the
shower, Sarah, who was naked, told me not to bother getting dressed either. I
saw that the other door to the adjoining room was open, but did not see Mary in
there. Sarah instructed me to lay on the big king-sized bed on my back, and
went and got our toy bag (which travels with us wherever we go). She proceeded
to tie my hands and ankles spread-eagled to the four posts of the bed, turned
down the lights, closed the blackout blinds, lit some candles, and put a nice
CD on the alarm clock/CD player next to the bed. 

&nbsp;

A few
seconds later, I heard Mary walk into our room. She was a sight to behold, all
5 feet 9 inches of her, dressed entirely in red - a red lace and satin bra,
matching panties, and a red garter belt holding up red fishnet stockings. She
was even more beautiful with her suit off then she was before. The outfit did a
great job accentuating her curves. Without saying a word, she pulled up an
upholstered chair and placed it near the head of the bed. She sat down in it
and placed her feet up on the bed, not far from my head. After smiling at me,
she turned to Sarah and said, &quot;Okay, I'm ready whenever you are.&quot;

&nbsp;

It dawned
on me at that point that she and Sarah must have had a conversation while I was
in the shower. Sarah turned to me and said, &quot;We're going to do things a
little differently today, Bob. Turns out that Mary has had some experience as a
Domme, and she's going to assist us.&quot; I didn't know what to do, other than
to simply say, &quot;Okay.&quot; 

&nbsp;

Sarah
looked at me sternly and said, &quot;Is that an appropriate response,
slave?&quot; I knew immediately I had made a mistake, and replied, &quot;No,
Mistress. I should have said, 'Yes, Mistress, I understand.'&quot; Sarah
replied, &quot;That's much better, slave, but I think I may still have to
punish you for that indiscretion. And because there are two of us here now, you
will refer to us as Mistress Sarah and Mistress Mary.&quot; I looked at her and
said, &quot;Yes, Mistress Sarah,&quot; and then turned and said, &quot;Yes,
Mistress Mary.&quot;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Mistress
Mary then said, &quot;Okay, now that we've got that settled, let's get started.
Slave, I'm going to instruct you on what you will do to please Mistress Sarah.
Sarah, why don't you start off by sitting on the slave's face.&quot; Now I had
never been involved in a D/s scene with another woman, and was not sure how
this was going to work. But I didn't have much choice in the matter, and I
couldn't deny that I found the whole thing incredibly erotic. So as Sarah
straddled my chest and inched her way up my chest until her pussy reached my
mouth, I decided I would simply comply.

&nbsp;

Mistress
Mary said, &quot;Okay, slave, start licking.&quot; I stuck out my tongue and
began running it up and down Mistress Sarah's outer lips, which were very
accessible because I often trimmed her pussy as part of my submissive acts
toward her. I went up and down both sides of each, and then moved to the inner
labia, and performed the same action on those. As I did this, I glanced at
Mistress Mary out of the corner of my eye and saw that she was just staring
intently at the scene. Mistress Sarah was enjoying the oral ministrations, as
she usually does, as I could feel her grinding her pussy against my face in
order to get more of my tongue. 

&nbsp;

Mistress
Mary said, &quot;Now start working on her clit.&quot; I followed her
instruction, remembering to pause and say, &quot;Yes Mistress Mary.&quot; I
reached up with my tongue, assisted by Mistress Sarah's lowering her pussy even
further into my face. I began first rolling my tongue around her clit, and then
sucking it, first gently, and then harder. As I did this, I glanced over at
Mistress Mary and noticed that she was very gently rubbing her hand over the
outside of her panties, which were just noticeably becoming darker around her
pussy. It was quite clear that she was enjoying this scene.

&nbsp;

After a
few more minutes of working Mistress Sarah's clit, I could feel her building to
an orgasm. She came hard on my tongue, with her pussy juice leaking out all
over my face. I did my best to suck and lick it all up as she came down from
her orgasm and her breathing returned to normal.

&nbsp;

Mistress
Mary then said, &quot;Very good, slave. You've done well so far. But there is
still more for you to do. Sarah, I imagine you want to give your clit a rest,
so why don't you turn around and let the slave work on your ass for a
while.&quot; Now I didn't know if the two Mistresses had talked about this or
not while I was in the shower, but Mistress Sarah certainly knew that ass
worship was among my favorite activities. So as Mistress Sarah rose up and
turned around facing my feet, my arousal was quite evident in the hard-on
sticking straight up from my body. I saw Mistress Mary looking at this also,
with some amusement in her face.

&nbsp;

As
Mistress Sarah settled back down on my chest, Mistress Mary said, &quot;Okay,
slave, I want you to start by giving her cheeks a tongue bath. If you do a good
job, we may let you do more.&quot; I began running my tongue all around her
cheeks, alternating from the left one to the right, keeping them nice and wet
with plenty of saliva to run along her cheeks. I was in a state of euphoria and
enjoying every minute of it. The shame I had felt initially regarding this
stranger knowing about my submissive side was long past, and all I could think
about was serving Mistress Sarah.

&nbsp;

I
continued the tongue bath for what seemed like a long time; I was losing track
of time as I concentrated on pleasing my Mistress. I was getting a very
positive reaction from her, based on the sighs and moans emanating from her
mouth. She would occasionally shift her position to direct my tongue to another
part of her ass, but every time I got near her beautiful pucker, Mistress Mary
would say, &quot;Don't touch her there yet, slave.&quot; I continued working on
her cheeks for what felt like hours, but I would guess was only about ten
minutes.

&nbsp;

Then
abruptly, Mistress Mary said, &quot;Stop slave.&quot; I immediately stopped,
and Mistress Sarah leaned forward again. Mistress Mary got up from her chair,
unbound my wrists and ankles, and instructed Mistress Sarah to get up. Mistress
Mary then said, &quot;Okay, Mistress Sarah, why don't you get on your hands and
knees on the bed. Slave - you get on your hands and knees behind her.&quot;

&nbsp;

At this
point it dawned on me that Mistress Mary had really taken over, and that my
Mistress/wife was very quiet and all but following her directions. I noticed
the subtle difference in how she addressed the two of us - for me, a command;
for Mistress Sarah, a suggestion. Nevertheless, we both complied with her
request, and I found myself peering at my wife's beautiful ass cheeks and
pucker, the former both well lubricated by my saliva. Mistress Mary then said,
&quot;Okay, slave, we still have to punish you for your lack of respect earlier
when you addressed us inappropriately. I will administer the punishment, and I
want you to thank me for each one and ask for another.&quot; I had no idea what
the punishment would entail, but I meekly replied, &quot;Yes Mistress
Mary.&quot;

&nbsp;

Mistress
Mary was behind me, so I could not see what she was doing, but I heard her get
up from her chair. The rustle of lace and satin was a sound that could not be
confused for any other. After about ten seconds after the sound stopped, I felt
and heard a large &quot;whak&quot; on my left ass cheek. The slap caught me by
surprise, propelling me forward toward Mistress Sarah's pucker. I quickly
recovered and said, &quot;Thank you, Mistress Mary, may I have another?&quot;
She replied, &quot;Pull your head back, slave, I don't want you touching
Mistress Sarah yet.&quot; She spanked me again, continuing for ten hits, five
on each cheek. I could feel the heat rising in my ass, as Mistress Mary spanked
me harder than I had ever endured from Mistress Sarah, who stayed on the bed
the whole time, without moving or saying a word.

&nbsp;

Once
Mistress Mary finished, she said to me, &quot;Very good slave, you have taken
your punishments well. I will reward you by allowing you to worship Mistress
Sarah's asshole. Stay on your hands and knees and lean forward.&quot; Hearing
that, and without hesitation, I leaned forward and began tonguing my beautiful
Mistress's pucker, a spot that I adore. The pungent smell and wrinkled touch on
my tongue drives me absolutely crazy, and my cock responded accordingly as I
began the gentle rimming of her ass. I continued this, first running my tongue
around the outside of the pucker, getting it nice and wet. I then ran my tongue
up and down her crack, from the point where it is first starts on her lower
back, all the way down to her perineum, that lovely spot that defines the
separation of her ass from her pussy. Again I heard the sighs and moans of
Mistress Sarah demonstrating that she was enjoying the act as much as I. I felt
her leaning backward slightly, trying to increase the pressure of my tongue on
her ass, though I resisted the temptation to move closer to her for fear of
igniting another round of punishment from Mistress Mary.

&nbsp;

As I
prepared to push my tongue into Mistress Sarah's asshole, I heard Mistress Mary
moving behind me. I heard some rustling, and then she moved back closer to the
bed. The next sound I heard was a kind of &quot;pop,&quot; and then I felt
something wet stroking around my asshole. I realized that it was her lubed
finger, which caught me by surprise, and I stopped what I was doing to Mistress
Sarah. Mistress Mary responded by saying in a sharp voice, &quot;Don't stop,
slave - continue,&quot; and she administered a hard slap to my ass. I quickly
got back to Mistress Sarah's asshole, which had been well loosened up by all
the attention I had been paying, and began pushing my tongue into her sweet-smelling
crevice.

&nbsp;

As I did
this, I felt Mistress Mary's finger began to move from stroking my ass to
entering it. She rhythmically moved her finger in and out, an act that
heightened my arousal and made it difficult to concentrate on my tonguing of
Mistress Sarah. Yet somehow I managed, almost in a daze, to continue pushing my
tongue deeper and deeper in, as she pushed back to help me get in as deep as
possible. All this time, Mistress Mary continued pumping my ass, first with one
finger and then with two. And then she took her other hand, which was also
lubed, and began ever so slightly stroking my erect cock hanging underneath me.

&nbsp;

I felt
myself building to an orgasm, and was mentally begging for her to continue so
that I could have the release I so desperately needed. I felt Mistress Sarah,
who I knew could orgasm from my tonguing her ass alone, also getting closer and
closer. In my mind everything else had been blocked out; all I could sense -
touch, smell, sound, taste, and sight - was my tongue in Mistress Sarah's ass
and Mistress Mary's hands on my body.

&nbsp;

And then
it stopped. Mistress Mary had removed her hands, and before the shock hit me,
she reminded me, &quot;Keep going slave.&quot; I was frustrated as hell, but
did my best to continue pushing my tongue in and out of Mistress Sarah's ass.
As I did this, I felt something pushing against my own ass, and I was relieved
to think that Mistress Mary had taken pity on me and was going to continue
violating my asshole. But instead I quickly realized it wasn't her fingers, but
a butt plug, that was going up there. She pushed it in with a &quot;plop&quot;,
generating a quick burst of pain, followed by a sense of fullness that I had
never felt before. Somehow I managed, even in the midst of this new sensation,
to continue tonguing Mistress Sarah until she finally came in a loud and
violent orgasm, causing her to collapse on her stomach on the bed.

&nbsp;

I stayed
on my hands and knees, awaiting instruction from Mistress Mary. She did nothing
for a few minutes, just leaving me hanging there with a massive hard-on and a
butt plug in my ass, and Mistress Sarah recovering on the bed next to me. After
about five minutes, she told me to get up and lie back on the bed. I said,
&quot;Yes, Mistress Mary,&quot; and did as she instructed. She reattached the
ankle and wrist restraints, pulling my arms and legs as wide open as possible.
She then said, &quot;Mistress Sarah, get up and sit on the slave's hard-on,
facing his head.&quot; I noticed the change in tone; she was now telling
Mistress Sarah what to do, rather than making suggestions. I think that
Mistress Sarah noticed also, because she looked confusedly at Mistress Mary.
But given the mind-blowing orgasm she had just had, and the stern look on
Mistress Mary's face, she quickly got up and did as instructed, mounting herself
on my still hard cock. The feeling was absolutely stupendous, having her warm,
wet pussy surrounding it. I started to move, as did Mistress Sarah, until
Mistress Mary leaned over, grabbed one of my nipples in one hand and one of
Mistress Sarah's in the other, and squeezed hard. We both froze, in shock, as
Mistress Mary asked, &quot;I didn't tell either of you to move, did I?&quot;

I knew
what the right response was: &quot;No, Mistress Mary, you did not tell me to
move. I apologize.&quot; Mistress Sarah, however, was still confused about what
was going on. She looked at me, then back at Mistress Mary, who simply stared
back at her, waiting for a response. Mistress Sarah realized that things had
changed, and slowly and quietly replied, &quot;I am sorry also, Mistress Mary.&quot;

&nbsp;

A small
smile crossed Mistress Mary's lips, as a look of satisfaction crept on to her
face. Both Mistress Sarah and I stayed immobile, both of us just staring at
Mistress Mary as she released our nipples and backed away. As she did this, she
slipped the straps of her bra off of both shoulders, and turned her back to us,
saying, &quot;Sarah, undo the clasp of my bra.&quot; Again, both of us noticed
the change in tone, as well as the dropping of the honorific
&quot;Mistress.&quot; We realized that the tables had turned, but Sarah seemed
mesmerized with Mistress Mary and slowly and deliberately reached up and undid
the clasp on her bra. We saw it slip off the front of Mistress Mary and drop on
to the floor.

&nbsp;

Without
turning to us, she said, &quot;I would tell the slave to do this next part, but
he seems a little bit tied up at the moment, so Sarah, you will have to do. I
want you to reach over and undo the garters from my stockings.&quot; Again,
Sarah complied, reaching over while not moving off of me and undid the garters
on both sides of each stocking. Mistress Mary then rolled each one down her
legs, leaving them on the floor near her bra. She then turned toward us, giving
us a view of her voluptuous breasts for the first time. Unharnessed, they
almost seemed smaller than when they had been encased in her bathing suit or
bra. They were quite large, yet had very little sag for such a large woman.
Each was topped with a crimson red nipple, equal in proportion to the large
size of her breasts. And each nipple was surrounded by a mocha-colored areola,
slightly larger in diameter than a silver dollar.

&nbsp;

Both
Sarah and I just stared at this commanding presence in front of us. She stood
there for about a minute, before she reached up and pulled down the garter
belt, leaving her standing there in nothing but the red satin and lace panties.
The anticipation was gut-wrenching, as both Sarah and I knew what was coming
next but were powerless to make it happen any faster. Mistress Mary bent down,
and picked up the lingerie that had littered the floor. She slowly walked over
to the dresser, folded each piece very neatly, put them in a pile on top of the
dresser, and then walked back to the bed. She stood facing us, both of us still
staring at her. She spread her legs slightly, put her thumbs in the waist of her
panties, and slid them in one motion down her legs. We were presented with the
most beautiful shaved pussy I have ever seen, with both the outer and inner
labia hanging down and fully visible between her legs. A few drops of moisture
could be seen on her labia, confirming to me that Mistress Mary was enjoying
this session as much as I was. As much as I enjoyed the view, I could tell that
Sarah was enjoying it equally.

&nbsp;

Mistress
Mary proceeded to pick up her panties, first slightly turning away from us, and
bending at the waist. This gave us a close up view of her full ass, two milky
white cheeks surrounding a wonderful valley running from below her waist down
and under her legs. Her pink pucker was slightly open to us, presaging things
that (I hoped) were soon to come. She brought the panties over to the dresser
with her other things, folded them and put them on top of the pile. She then
went into our toy bag, and got out a blindfold. I was disappointed, because I
didn't want to be deprived of the pleasure of looking at her, but I also knew I
had no will to resist her. She walked toward us, and I prepared myself by
lifting my head from the pillow so she could get the strap behind my head. But
to my surprise, she looked at me and said, &quot;No slave, it is not for you.
It is for Sarah.&quot; 

&nbsp;

A look of
surprise crossed Sarah's face as Mistress Mary placed the blindfold on her,
adjusting the strap tightly across her head. After completing this, Mistress
Mary got on the bed, straddling my chest, facing Sarah. I was presented with
the enticing sight of her ass cheeks just a few tantalizing inches from my
face, but I still knew enough not to move until given instruction. I only hoped
it would come soon.

&nbsp;

I saw
that Sarah, who was still impaled on my cock, was breathing quite heavily.
Mistress Mary did nothing for a few long seconds, maybe 30, before she reached
out and started lightly brushing her nails over one of Sarah's nipples. It was
hard for me to see what she was doing, since my view was still largely taken up
by her ass cheeks right in front of me. But by turning my head slightly, I
could just glance at Sarah's breasts. Now I know from experience that Sarah's
nipples are particularly sensitive and responsive, and not surprisingly, they
both began to harden and point toward Mistress Mary. This caused Sarah to begin
to move around on my cock again, gaining her a quietly, yet firmly spoken
admonition from Mistress Mary: &quot;Don't move yet, my sweet.&quot; Sarah
immediately responded to the command, and sat still again.

&nbsp;

Mistress
Mary continued her work on Sarah's nipples, alternating between the two of
them, and then began to more forcefully squeeze and pull on them. As she did
this she edged a bit further back on my chest so that her ass was less than an
inch from my chin. I began to catch her scent, a heady mix of the juices that I
could feel flowing from her pussy onto my chest, as well as her succulent and
sweet-smelling asshole that, even though she had just showered, still had a
lovely smell to it. I tried to mentally will her to slide back that last inch,
so that I could reach that wonderful present in front of me. But she stayed
firmly in the same place for quite some time, teasing me with the treasures
just out of my reach.

&nbsp;

Sarah
continued to respond to Mistress Mary's work, breathing harder and beginning to
moan. Mistress Mary again whispered, &quot;Yes, my pet, you enjoy this, don't
you?&quot; When Sarah didn't respond, Mistress Mary lightly slapped the side of
her breast, saying &quot;When I speak to you, respond to me.&quot; Sarah came out
of her reverie for a second to reply, &quot;Yes, Mistress Mary, I do like
this.&quot; &quot;Do you want me to continue, pet?&quot;, asked Mistress Mary.
&quot;Oh yes,&quot; was the response.

&nbsp;

I saw
Mistress Mary take one of her hands away from Sarah's breasts, and lower it
down toward my cock. Even though I couldn't see what she was doing, I could
feel her begin to lightly stroke Sarah's clit. As she did this, she scooted
back just enough for her ass cheeks to make contact with my face, saying to me,
&quot;Okay slave, you know what to do now. But remember, no moving anything but
your head, and if you do a good job, you'll get a reward.&quot; I didn't need
any more instruction; I immediately began to give her cheeks the same attention
I had paid to Sarah what seemed like hours earlier. I lapped my tongue up and
down and around each cheek, gently at first, then more forcefully. I tried hard
to raise my head enough so that I could get my tongue into her crack, but she
was still sitting upright and denying me access to that part of her beauty. So
I contented myself with continue the attention to her ass cheeks.

&nbsp;

Sarah was
getting more and more flushed, her breathing rate increasing at the same pace
as were the moans emanating from her mouth. Mistress Mary continued her
two-handed assault, one hand working forcefully over her nipples and the other
more lightly on her clit. Sarah was somehow managing not to move her body, much
to my dismay, as I was hoping that her arousal would induce her to move enough
on my cock to help relieve the tension I had been feeling there for some time.
I had nothing I could do other than continue the washing of Mistress Mary's
cheeks with my tongue.

&nbsp;

Mistress
Mary then slightly adjusted her position by leaning forward just enough to
bring her face closer to Sarah's. She was quite a bit taller than Sarah, so the
effect was one of her looking down on Sarah, but their faces were close enough
together that she could reach down and kiss Sarah. She forced her tongue into
Sarah's mouth, which willingly responded by closing and sucking on Mistress
Mary's tongue. I glanced around Mistress Mary's ass every now and then to see
this beautiful sight of my wife and our Mistress passionately kissing each
other like neither had ever kissed before in their lives.

&nbsp;

The other
effect of Mistress Mary's position change was that it scooted her ass even
further back towards my face, providing me access to her crack and asshole that
I had been craving. I immediately started lapping up and down her crack,
earning me the gentle praise of, &quot;Yes, slave, that's very nice,&quot; as
Mistress Mary disentangled herself from Sarah's kiss for a few seconds. I
continued this up and down motion for a few minutes as the women continued
their kiss and Mistress Mary continued her manual assault on Sarah's clit and nipples.
I then began to concentrate on her asshole, lightly rimming and teasing it with
my tongue as I felt her wiggle her ass back just a bit further and lifting her
hips a bit, providing me even better access to her. That allowed me to begin to
push my tongue into her pink, puckered hole. I was surprised at how easily it
gave way, much easier than Sarah's ever had. I almost immediately found my
tongue quite a ways into her asshole, and I had no trouble pushing it back and
forth, feeling Mistress Mary's body moving in tandem with the action of my
tongue.

&nbsp;

Mistress
Mary then again removed her face from Sarah's, and said to her, &quot;Are you
close, my dear?&quot; I didn't need to hear her response, and certainly
couldn't see what it was because of the close-up view I had of Mistress Mary's
asshole, but I knew from the way Sarah's body had been responding that she was
right on the edge. She must have answered affirmatively, because Mistress Mary
then said, &quot;Okay pet, you can begin to move up and down on the slave.&quot;
Without delay, Sarah began to pump her body up and down on my cock, finally
beginning to move me toward the release I had been craving. Simultaneously,
Mistress Mary pistoned her ass back and forth on my tongue while she continued
her work on Sarah's clit and nipples.

&nbsp;

It
couldn't have been more than a minute before both Sarah and I built to an
incredible orgasm, both of us bucking wildly. I tried my hardest to keep my
tongue working in Mistress Mary's asshole, but found it impossible as the need
to cry out overtook me. My cries corresponded with Sarah's screams as the two
of us came together. Mistress Mary compassionately let us come down from that
experience, lightly stroking Sarah as she removed her blindfold and gently
running her fingers through my public hair. She said to us, &quot;You were both
very, very good, and now I'm going to reward you.&quot; I wasn't sure what this
was going to entail, but I was hoping it wouldn't involve much attention to my
cock, which was still incredibly sore from the long period of time which it had
been hard and that crashing orgasm.

&nbsp;

Mistress
Mary turned around, facing my head, and scooted up so that her knees were now
on either side of my head, rather than my chest. She gently picked my body up
so that I was sitting more upright. She was on her knees so that her pussy was
now right in front of my face, and she said to me, &quot;Okay slave, I want to
hear you beg for my pussy, and if you pay the proper tribute, I will let you
put your well-exercised tongue to work there.&quot; Now Sarah and I had never
done anything like that, so I had to think quickly (not the easiest thing to do
in my post-orgasmic state) to figure out what to say to her. After a few
moment's hesitation, I said, &quot;Thank you Mistress Mary for the generous
opportunity to lick your beautiful and erotic pussy. Please do me the honor of
allowing me to use my tongue to demonstrate my gratitude.&quot;

&nbsp;

She
responded, &quot;That is good enough, slave. Now get to work.&quot; And I did,
running my tongue up and down her shaved labia. All I can say was that it was
heaven - I had never gone down on a woman with a totally-shaved pussy before,
and it was like no other sensation I had ever experienced. Every fold, every
bump, every square millimeter of skin was equally accessible to my tongue. I
felt like I could explore her pussy unlike any I ever had before. I started by
licking and sucking all around, trying to drink in her luscious pussy juices.
Once I had managed to get most of them up, I then more luxuriously ran my
tongue up and down her labia, outer than inner, left than right.

&nbsp;

As I was
doing this, Mistress Mary turned to Sarah, who had just been sitting on the
side of the bed watching this whole episode, and said to her, &quot;Sarah, come
over here and begin to pay tribute to my ass.&quot; Without hesitation, Sarah
got up and positioned herself next to me, slightly bent over, so that she could
get her face down to the level of Mistress Mary's ass. Mistress Mary helped her
out by leaning forward even further, and grasping the headboard. Once she did
this, I couldn't see what Sarah was doing because her head was hidden by
Mistress Mary's body.

&nbsp;

Sensing
this, Mistress Mary said, &quot;Oh you poor slave. You can't see what your wife
is doing to me, can you?&quot; I removed my tongue from her pussy for a second
to respond, &quot;No Mistress Mary, I can't.&quot; And she replied, &quot;Well,
then I'll describe it for you while you continue to work on my pussy. My pet is
spreading my cheeks with her hands, and is lapping her tongue up and down my
crack. Ummm, it feels divine. Has she ever done this for you, slave?&quot;

&nbsp;

I
couldn't believe it; the one thing that I could never get Sarah to do for me
was to use her tongue on my ass. And here she was doing that to a perfect
stranger we had met just a few hours ago. I knew I had to respond, so I simply
said, &quot;No Mistress Mary, she has not.&quot; And Mistress Mary said,
&quot;Well, that's too bad, because you are really missing something wonderful.
Now I feel her moving her tongue around my little asshole, just waiting to
enter it.&quot; I could picture what Sarah was doing, and was incredibly
jealous that this woman was receiving the attention that Sarah had always
denied me. I continued to work on Mistress Mary, now beginning to suck on and
lick her clit. She responded by saying, &quot;Yes slave, that's very nice. You
are doing almost as good a job on my pussy as my pet is doing on my ass.&quot;

&nbsp;

In spite
of the fact that I had just come a few minutes earlier, I felt myself getting
hard again. The thought of my wife tonguing the asshole of this goddess was too
much to bear. Mistress Mary chimed in again, &quot;Oh yes, pet, that's very
nice. Stick your tongue deeper into my asshole now. And you slave, keep working
on my clit.&quot; The two of us feverishly continued our work on either side of
Mistress Mary, feeling her body begin to grind alternately first against my
tongue and then back against my wife's tongue. After a few minutes of this, I
felt her body begin to shake, and moans start coming from her mouth. The moans
escalated into cries, the shakes into quivers, and in a matter of seconds we
felt her come all over both of us. It took her close to a minute to come down
from the orgasm and remove herself from on top of me.

&nbsp;

As she
did, Mistress Mary looked at my hard-on and said, &quot;Oh, look at the poor
slave. He is hard again and needs some attention. I wonder what we could do
about that?&quot; She removed the restraints again, and said to me, &quot;Roll
over on your side, slave.&quot; As I complied, she remarked, &quot;Oh, I forgot
that you still had that butt plug in you. How silly of me.&quot; She said to
Sarah, &quot;Come help me over here pet. Oh, and you will have to help me also,
slave.&quot; I had no idea what she was talking about, but watched as Sarah
came over.

&nbsp;

Mistress
Mary took hold of the base of the butt plug, and began to move it around in a
circle, saying to Sarah, &quot;See what I'm doing, Pet? I want you to do this,
and also pull it in and out.&quot; Sarah complied, and slowly began to pull the
butt plug out of me. It came out with a &quot;pop&quot;, and then she proceeded
to put it back in. She continued this, occasionally giving it a turn while it
was in me. Mistress Mary then turned to me and said, &quot;And now you, slave.
Give me your hand.&quot; I put out my hand, and she poured some lube in it.
&quot;Now start stroking yourself, slowly, slave.&quot; I felt humiliated, as
I'd never masturbated in front of anybody, even Sarah before. But I did as she
said, powerless to defy her. I wrapped my hand around my cock and slowly
started stroking it up and down, in a rhythm with what Sarah was doing to my
ass.

&nbsp;

The
sensations from the two most sensitive parts of my body were incredible. I felt
myself building to another orgasm, and Mistress Mary could see this also. She
said, &quot;Very good, slave, now a little faster.&quot; I did as she said,
moving my hand faster up and down my bulging cock. My mind jerked back and
forth from the sensations in my ass to my cock. Mistress Mary was saying over
and over in a very low voice, &quot;That's very good, slave, that's very good
slave.&quot;

&nbsp;

Finally,
as I got close to coming, she changed her words, now saying, &quot;That's
right, slave, let's see you come for Mistress Mary. Show me what a good slave
you are.&quot; I couldn't hold back any further, and as Sarah gave a solid push
of the butt plug into my ass, I came, the cum shooting up over my hand and on
to my chest. It took me a few minutes to come down from all the attention, and
for my breathing to return to normal. Mistress Mary and Sarah just sat,
watching me the entire time. 

&nbsp;

I finally
fell asleep, for what seemed like hours. When I awoke, Sarah was naked and
asleep next to me, but Mistress Mary was gone. I checked with the front desk,
who told me that the person in room 464 had checked out a few hours earlier. We
never did see her again, but I am hoping that I run into her again at another
conference.







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Bob Aganoush


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





