BDSM Library - Afternoon Surprise




Afternoon Surprise
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A self-bondage session leads to unexpected explorations.






The best things always start by accident.



I am a self-admitted bondage fanatic. I have a relatively normal sexlife, but it's hard to find a partner to really share with sometimes. Of course, I turn to self-bondage to help me bridge this gap. When I can, I spend an hour or more each day, tying myself up. I love the feel of it. More often than not, I seem to be single these days - maybe my partners feel that I'm holding back. Some days, I can't say I mind.



This session began like any other for me. I had put on my posture collar, and all my various cuffs and belts. I admired myself in the mirror for a moment - I always do - and then I grabbed my blindfold and ear plugs and carried them to my special table. You see, I have a table that a once-boyfriend helped me 'modify'. It looks shoddy, but I guess that's because it kind of is. But, scattered around it's battered-looking frame are more attachment points than I can usually find a use for, and some handy storage spots. That table has been my favorite piece of furniture for quite some time. Recently I had improved it by added a little timer. The old trick of freezing a key in ice, while effective, left too much to chance - I decided to make a better release. So, where I usually cuffed my wrists, I had put in little electronic locks that would open when the timer signaled them. It made getting out a little more easy, and meant I didn't have to worry about my house's temperature while tying myself up.



I had had a rough day at work, and decided to go whole-hog and treat myself. I decided to fetch out my corset, and put it on, tightening it as far as I could, redoing my waist belt over it. I found the drawer with all my clamps and clothespins, and selected out what I thought I'd need. I grabbed two clover clamps for my nipples, and a handfull of clothes pins. I started with my pussy lips, and ran the clothespins down my lips, using some tape to fasten them to my thigh. I had to admit that I was excited enough to slip a finger into myself, and to taste it - but I held back from masturbating myself off then and there, telling myself there would be time enough after. To punish myself for my little transgression, I decided to add a row of clothespins on my hood and clit. Since I was already going so far, I decided to compliment my penis gag with a small buttplug. I took the plug and some lube over to my table, and got the plug ready. However, I wasn't ready for it yet. I put in my earplugs and the gag, wishing I had something to fill my pussy as well, and promising myself I'd invest in a machine-toy someday. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Then, I started attaching myself to the table. I started by hooking my ankle cuffs to the legs of the table, spreader-style. The next step was my thigh-cuffs, and then I bent over and hooked my waist belt to the table. At this point, I had to move the butt plug and clover clamps to keep them in reach. I made sure the time was set, and started it. Then, knowing I was now on the clock, I hurried to hook my clamps, first to my nipples, then to some springs under the table that would keep the chains tight - and tension on my tender nipples. I then hooked my collar to the table, and slipped on my blindfold; everything now I had to do by touch. I reached back, and slowly worked the buttplug in with one hand. I will have to admit I was working some fingers from the other into my pussy. It was all I could do not to come, but I didn't want to spoil it with too early an orgasm. Wishing I could taste myself, and knowing that if I didn't lock in my wrist cuffs soon I was going to finish myself, I quickly reached up and hooked the cuffs into the table, pushing down to secure the last clamps. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I was now totally immoble, and loving every second of it.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I dreamed of a man to fill my pussy, so I could glory in every hole being filled. I dreamed of a cute girl, to explore my body with me. I dreamed of many things, wishing for release, occasionally struggling to free myself, but I never dreamed of what happened next.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I felt a small breeze across my bare buttox, and snapped out of my reverie. I knew my house was locked, and that my alarm would have sounded had anyone entered. I was reasonably sure I had closed my bedroom door, and put out Rodger, the dog, but I had forgotten this once or twice before, and it had never been a problem. I'm sure he thought his mistress was a bit odd, but arn't we all? I started hoping he didn't chew up any toys I'd left out, or get into the lube - that would be a pain to explain to the vet. Part of me wished that I had left off the blindfold, or the ear plugs, but the rest of me was too busy enjoying the experience still. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I found myself drifting back into my dreams, when suddenly a shaggy weight forced itself onto my back. My first thought was 'this is some time for him to want to play!', when I realized that play was not what he was about to do. I tried to pull away, but was tied down too well. All I managed to do was pull hard on the nipple clamps, and ended up screaming a little into my gag. Rodger chose that moment to push forwards into me, knocking off the clamps from my clit and hood. I arced up further, nearly pulling off my nipple clamps, and bit down on my gag so hard I would have sworn I'd bitten through it! The feeling of Rodger's cock as it slid in was electric, and I almost came right there, admist the shame and the pain, but was so taken aback that I didn't. I felt his knot starting to form in me, pushing on my suddenly-liberated clit - the pain was fantastic! I found myself pushing into him, partially to relieve my poor nipples, and partially to explore this suddenly pleasurable pain. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Within moments, my thrusts were matching Rodger's. On a certain level, I was ready to ignore that I was fucking my dog, just to revel in the feeling of finally being full, of being so brutally used. It was a feeling most of my boyfriends had never fully captured, and to finally have it - I was exhilarated! I came fast, and came hard, harder than I had in a very long time, but Rodger wasn't done yet. I'd never had a multiple orgasm before that day. Somehow, the combination of being tied up, being all full up, and with the clamps and clothespins biting and releasing, I came and came again. I was so far lost in my orgasms I hardly noticed when Rodger came, except that I came hardest of all when I felt his warm cum inside me. I expected him to pull out, and to feel his hot cum run down my legs - the expectation of which nearly made me come again - except he didn't. Then I realized his knot was stuck inside me! He didn't try to pull away, but I did, my body screaming out in pain with every move. I knew I probably had given myself bruises, and while I would normally get wetter with that thought, I was suddenly scared. I had no idea what I had just done, how long was on my timer, or anything else. I started to cry, softly, my gasps muffled by the gag, my breath cut short by my tight corset and collar. I fell slack against the table, my inflamed nipples hurting more than ever, when suddenly I heard and felt the click of the wrist locks releasing! I had spent my full hour already!

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Quickly, I started freeing myself, pulling my wrists free first, and immeadiatly undoing my blindfold and pulling out my earplugs. I unhooked my collar from the table and spat out the gag, then undid the collar. I tried to pull in a deep breath, but my corset defeated me. I still had some tears running down my cheeks. I reached back and pushed Rodger off, feeling the sudden tide of hot cum, but now it made the tears run hotter instead. Rodger cocked his head sideways at me with an odd look, and then padded off. I finished freeing myself, and stumbled to the mirror to look. I was a mess. His cum covered most of my lower half, and I had huge bruises on my nipples from the clamps. I pulled out the buttplug, gently, as even my asshole was sore from my repeated orgasms. I made it to the bathroom, and into the shower, trying to wash away my shame, then to bed to try and sleep and recover.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;And while I slept, I dreamed.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The next day, I called in sick to work. I hadn't fully recovered from the day before, and I had plans for this new day. I started by setting up my video camera by the table, and then fetched out my digital camera, and set it to record the table from another angle. Then, I dressed myself much as I had the day before, except this time I took the time first to do up my makeup. I grabbed Rodger, dragged him into the room, and set about recreating yesterday's scene again, and again, and again.







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  SelfBoundJess


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





