BDSM Library - Story of a Slut




Story of a Slut
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A story I was encouraged to write for my Miss before our weekend together.






Story



We meet at the train station. You smile as You see me get off the train. I walk over to you and You kiss me passionately. Our tongues push against each other as We kiss, lost in the moment of our lust.



We walk out of the train station, Our hands locked together. I can see You smiling evilly about something but i'm not sure what You're thinking. I just wander along with You as we walk towards the bus stop. Or so I thought.



You drag me off down a dark street and out of sight and push me up against a wall. You hand reaches down and gropes me. I moan quietly as Your hand pushes against my quickly hardening cock. My moans get louder as You keep brushing my cock through my jeans. A hand latches around my throat quickly



"Quiet slut or you'll regret it" You growl at me.



My moans die down, but don't stop. I can't help it. I'm so horny for You after all the teasing that You've done to me. You tut slightly and reach into the bag i'm carrying and shove my gag in to silence me. Then with Your hand still squeezing around my throat You wait until my cock has soften for You.



Moving quickly You quickly lock my chastity device on ignoring my quiet moans from behind the gag. I'm feeling so horny, yet so humilated having this done to me where people could see. But i won't dare refuse You. I can't and i don't want to.



You quickly turn me around and tell me to spread my arms and legs, Your hand still around my throat. I feel you pull my trousers down until i'm naked from the waist down. Then i feel you push a plug into my slutty ass. You laugh as i moan like a whore as it pushes inside me. You pull it in and out a few times fucking me with it then ram it back in. Your hand finally releases from my neck and You tell me to pull my trousers up before You leave me here tied up. I quickly pull them up and after You allow me take off my gag and put it back in my bag. 



I can see You watching me, an evil glint in Your eye.



"Good slut" You tell me "But you're going to be punished for moaning like a whore when we get back. Even after I told you to be quiet"



I nod unable to say anything. I've just been locked in my chastity device and plugged in what seems to me to be perfectly visible to the public. As we walk out I can swear I feel people staring at me. But no ones there. It's just my paranoia. 



The entire bus journey home, every time someone stares at me i think that they know that i'd locked in a chastity belt, plugged. And that i moaned like a slut when You fucked my ass with the plug. 



We chat about stuff, You can see the humilation in my eyes, but You just smile and keep talking to me like nothings wrong. I can tell by the look in your eyes that You have even worse planned for me. And i can't wait



The bouncing of the bus making me feel the plug in my ass. My cock tries to get hard several times during the bus journey, but the chastity belt i'm now wearing quickly stops that.



We get off the bus at You stop and walk along. Once down onto the darkened street You hand wraps around throat again from the back and tightens. I moan quietly as Your hand pushes at the plug in my ass, then works round to the front squeezing at my bound cock



"Dirty slut aren't you?" You whisper into my ear "I know you was getting hard during that bus journey. You're just a little whore really aren't you?"



I moan quietly then quickly nod when Your hand tightens a bit more



"Yes Miss, I am a dirty slut for You Miss" I moan out, trying to stay quiet.



Your hand leaves my throat and grabs at the dog chain around my neck and pulls it. You lead me on through the streets until we get to Your house. You quickly unlock the door and shove me through it.



"Kneel slut" You growl at me, smiling evilly. I drop to my knees in front of You. You open my bag again and pull out my arm binder collar and unlock it. You step towards me and pull my head up so i can see into Your eyes.



"Do you promise to obey me? Do you promise to do whatever I say when&nbsp; I say it no matter what it is?" You stare down at me. 



"Yes Miss i swear to obey You. No matter what you order me to do" I reply submissively



"Do you accept that if You don't obey me I WILL punish you like the dirty slut that you are? And that with putting this collar on you are Mine until i decide otherwise. Which I won't"



I stare into Your eyes for a second, then reaching behind me pull up all my hair so You can put the collar on me. "I accept it Miss, and all that goes with being Your slave"



Your eyes soften for a moment, then leaning down You lock the collar around my neck. After locking it on me You grant me the honour of kissing Your lips.



"Good slut. Now go upstairs, have a shower, then call Me when you've done that call Me"



I nod and rise to my feet and head into the bathroom. I shower throughly, feeling the days grim wash off me. Each second that passes i feel happier and happier. It feels like this is what i was born to do.



Once showered and dried, I call You up. I hear You take a few seconds then come up the stairs. I kneel down on the floor, head bowed, waiting for You at the bathroom door. I can guess whats coming next.



You pass me a bag inside the bag is an electric shaver, a razor and some shaving cream. I bite my lip and look up at You.



"May I take my chastity device off Miss?" You nod and pass me the keys so i can free my cock. It immediately becomes hard. You laugh and i see a flash. I look up and see the camera in Your hand.



"Get shaving slut. I'll be here taking photos of this all" I blush slightly and start to get to work. I quickly use the electric shaver to trim all the hair over my cock and balls. Then I lather up my cock and balls, blushing slightly as You take pictures every so often. I take my time and shave my cock until its hair free. 



You smile at me and take one more picture of me stood there, my arms behind my neck. Then You make me put my hard cock into cold water until it shrinks and You relock me back into the Chastity belt. You just look at me without saying a word. I know whats next.



I lather up my face and start shaving it so apart from my long hair and eyebrows my face and neck are hair free. You grab me roughly when i've finished and check my face. Finally satisified You let go. 



Your finger pulls on one of the rings in my collar and pulls me into Your bedroom. There on the bed is what i suppose i'll be wearing for most of the weekend. On the bed is a long sheer black dress, with a slit up on side. some fishnets, some hair bunches, a make up kit, and a pair of high heels. 



"Dress slut. And be quick about it as well" You order me. I blush slightly again, and sit down on the bed and start to roll on the fishnets for You. The dress quickly follows. You slide the heels onto my feet laughing as You see my eyes betraying me. Showing that i'm loving being humilated like this. You then sit next to me and start putting make up on. You quickly put powder, blusher and lipstick on me. I can't look You in the eyes as You make me up. I'm too embrassed and humilated. And so horny.



Soon i'm dressed up like Your fuck slut.



"This is how You will dress for me for now on slut. Now stand up so I can take photos of you". I quickly get to my feet, staggering a bit in the high heels.&nbsp; 



"Hmm gonna need practice on them slut" You giggle. You make me stand in several poses for You, snapping away with the camera.



After the humilation of the photoshoot You help me down the stairs till We're in the living room. There You take out a lead and tie it to Your light fitting. Then pulling out a crop You whip my ass.



"Walk slut. Every time you stumble Your going to get whipped. If you stop before I tell you, you get whipped"



After a few stumbles and groaning as the crop lashes my ass for stumbling, i get the hang of walking in heels. 



"Good slut. You've got the hang of basic walking. Now time to swing your slutty ass so I can see what a whore you are"



Again after a few tries and whips i get the hang of it. You make me walk around for a while getting me used to walking around like a whore for You. You untie me from the light fitting and pull me down onto my knees. You pull out the bondage tape and wrap it around my eyes until i can't see a thing. Plugs push into my ears and i'm now helpless on Your direction. After what feels like an eternity You pull my face down. I can immediately smell Your pussy. You tease me for a moment keeping me just out of reach before You push me into Your pussy. I can't hear a thing but i'm sure the order is to lick You. Your legs wrap around my shoulders and pull me deeper into You as i lick Your pussy, tasting Your juices. I push my tongue deep into Your pussy and lap up Your juices, moaning at the taste. My tongue flicks across Your clit again and again. You make me stay there for ages, licking You until Your satisified ... for now. You help me up onto the sofa and lay me down. You make me raise myself up onto my elbows for a while. Your hand strokes my hair for ages and I lay there smiling at You, despite not being able to see You. Then You lean over and kiss me pushing Your tongue down my throat. Once again my cock tries to harden and is stopped by my chastity belt. I moan into Your mouth. I feel You smile, then pull me closer to You and push my head down.



I feel something push at my lip, and realise within seconds that it's the strap on. I resist slightly for a second, but i just feel You push me down harder. Soon Your strap on is buried in my mouth. You tie something around my neck and pull me back up. Just before i can get the strap on out of my mouth i stop moving. You've tied a rope around my collar stopping me from getting the strap on out of my mouth. Again i feel You push down on my head. I get the idea and start to bob my head up and down on the strap on, and soon i can't help but suck on it. I'm again being humilated by You but loving it. My head bobs up and down sucking Your strap on like a whore.



There i stayed for what seemed like hours, You pushing my head further and further down, making me take more and more of the strap on. Eventually You seemed to get bored of this activity and let me up. You drag me onto the floor and make me kneel on the floor. You tie my hands to my knees and force my legs apart. Unbeknownst to me You take photos of me like this. Then You ram the strap on into my mouth, and using my hair to pull me around You fuck my face hard pushing the strap on deep into my mouth making me gag as You use my mouth for Your own amusement. You pull the strap on almost all the way out of my mouth, and hold it there for a second or two. Once again I don't know Your taking photos of me with a strap on in my mouth.



After You've completely tired of fucking my face, You push my face into the floor and pull the plug out of my ass, and shove in a vibrator. My body is raised up a bit and the strap on is put under me so i can keep sucking on it. Despite the humilate of it all i feel so horny, and like i have finally found my place. To serve You in whatever way You please



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  AndrewMantis


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





