BDSM Library - Darkness




Darkness
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Three beautiful 20-something girls are sentenced to prison. Things turn for the worse when their escape attempt is botched.






Darkness 

Adriana crouched at the tap and turned it on. Water trickled out, she scooped some with 
her hand and splashed it on her face. It felt refreshing. She was very hungry as she hadn.t 
eaten since before her capture. They had only been given some water during the ordeal. 

In the six weeks that they had been on the loose, they hadn.t gone too far. They had 
followed the river in a northern direction. Sometimes it seemed like they were being set 
up. For instance they found supplies meant for the prison camp along the way. They 
grabbed whatever they could and that.s what kept the three of them going for so long. 
They had set up camp in a dense, hilly section and those packets of nutrient powder, 
pellets, soap powder and toothpaste came in very handy. 

But now she was in a punishment cell, after spending the night suspended from a tree. 
Her shoulders were very sore, she was exhausted and desperately needed to sleep, but she 
was too scared to turn her attention away from the door of the near-dark cell. They 
obviously wanted a full confession. who planned the escape, who helped them on the 
inside? She knew that the three of them had schemed together and made a run for it on a 
toilet break near the end of yet another long day in the fields. 

Life on the loose was an adventure but they had managed to make the most of it. Now 
Adriana, Kirra and Celeste were in individual 4x6 cells with concrete walls and a dirt 
floor. The only light came trough a 6.x6. opening in the door, that had bars that could be 
lifted. The toilet was no more than a deep hole near one wall, like the rest of the toilets 
across the prison camp. There was a tap near the floor. And she was naked and shackled 
at her wrists and ankles. 

Naked. That.s what it had come down to. They had ripped her prison uniform to shreds 
when they recaptured her. She had been wearing the brown baggy dress the entire time 
she had been in prison, which was close to a year. The dress had held up pretty well and 
when on the run, she was even able to wash it properly in the river and hang it on a tree to 
dry while they hid in the shade during the day. The last bit of the uniform had been 
removed before she was suspended from the tree for the night. 

Adriana didn.t know what emotion to feel apart from fear. They were going to come back 
and question her again. She knew that the next several days and weeks were going to be 
sheer hell. They had been warned at the time of their initiation into the prison camp that 
escape attempts would not be tolerated and hell awaited those who tried to get away. 

But she got away and managed to stay out for six weeks with her two close friends. That 
had now come to and end. Adriana sat against the wall, her legs outstretched, and stared 
at the door, ignoring the hunger pangs. She fell asleep. 



Silence 

The sound of the door opening made Adriana jump up. She moved back into the corner 
of the cell, her hands folded across her chest. The guard said nothing as she placed a 
plastic pitcher of water, a banana and half a loaf of bread on the floor. She closed the 
door and left. 

Adriana reached for the water and drank half of it in one go. She was glad to have 
something to eat. She ate the banana and most of the bread. She saved the banana peel. 

With nothing to do but wait, Adriana rested against the wall and thought about life before 
prison, life at the camp and life as a fugitive. She reckoned they would increase her 
sentence from ten years to perhaps twenty years. Her life was ruined anyway. She would 
be unrecognizable to the outside world after her release. There had been no contact after 
her brief trial had ended. The camp was isolated from civilization. 

She thought about Kirra and Celeste and how they were holding up in their cells. They 
were probably down the hall from her but she couldn.t hear them. She wondered when 
they would question her again. She fell asleep once again. 

She dreamed of days gone by. She was on the beach, showing off her bikini to all those 
young men. Life on the beach was great. sun, surf and drinks during the day. More 
drinks and clubs at night. Sexy clothes, hot tubs and showers, full body waxes, great 
food, girlfriends and boyfriends. Lots of sex. threesomes and foursomes, free love, 
blindfolds, a weekend of no-stop sex, shackles, whips. Hot weather, shackles. the beach 
dream began to merge with prison life. that awful uniform, her feet and legs covered 
with dirt, 5 minute showers, pit toilets. no grooming, no underwear. Evil guards 
hovered behind her as she crouched on the ground and continued digging. sleeping on 
dirt floors in a cell shared with nine others. Drinking copious amounts of water each day, 
sweating, peeing onto the ground. cornmeal mush and pellets for meals. bathing in the 
river while on the run, making love to her friends under the trees. naked while the 
uniform dried in the sun, lots of body hair, the closeness making her feel sexy once again. 

She woke up and realized that she had been turned on by her dream. She was very wet 
between her legs and her pussy was throbbing, aching for attention. She brought her 
fingers close and felt herself through the thick tangle of hair. She couldn.t resist sliding 
her fingers inside. She folded her legs to give herself better access and began to pleasure 
herself, making sure she didn.t moan too loudly, being attentive enough so that she could 
stop if she heard someone coming. 

Nobody came by but Adriana had a powerful orgasm. Here she was, naked and dirty on 
the floor of a dark cell, masturbating in silence. She withdrew her sticky fingers and 
brought them to her mouth. She licked them clean. Hot, sweaty and contented, she curled 
up on the floor and closed her eyes. 



Slow 

She couldn.t fall asleep this time. She had to use the toilet. She crawled over to the hole 
and squatted. When she finished she washed herself at the tap, using part of the banana 
peel as a washcloth, then tossing it into the hole. She drank the rest of her water and went 
back to leaning against the wall. 

She thought about her first day at the camp. They had been brought over the night before. 
After a thorough, humiliating search and medical exam, they had been placed in a 
transition cell for the night. just four walls and a hole. They were in their new uniforms, 
which were loose and uncomfortable. They were wearing bras but no panties. The dress 
came down to their knees. None of them slept much that night as they lay on the hard dirt 
floor and stared at the ceiling. The light from the corridor was too bright. 

The morning siren blared before the sun had risen. They got up and dusted their 
uniforms. The chains around their ankles limited their movements a little bit, the chains 
around their wrists would make simple tasks challenging. They had to get used to it. 

The cell door opened and a guard ushered them out. They were led outside, into the cool 
morning air. Other prisoners were filing out of their cellblocks, in various states of 
raggedness. Some had very torn uniforms, while others were in better shape. All had 
unkempt hair that was tied back. All were shackled. 

Orders were given to line up. The newest inmates were at the back of a line. Adriana had 
no idea what the routine was going to be like. She didn.t dare to ask anyone. Stern guards 
walked up and down, glaring at the prisoners. One guard pulled a prisoner out of file and 
berated her for not taking care of her uniform, which was torn from the underarm down 
the side. The guard grabbed the tear and tore it further, all the way down to the hemline, 
leaving it attached by a thread. She pushed her back into the line. 

They marched to the work site where they were split into groups of four, handed shovels 
and directed to specific locations to continue digging the canal system. Adriana had been 
separated from her friends and was with three other prisoners, none of who said a word to 
her. She really had to pee but didn.t dare ask for permission. She decided to follow the 
lead of one of the prisoners in her work group. This is what it had come down to. while 
the veteran prisoner, who looked like she could be 25, lifted her dress to reveal a thick 
hairy pussy, Adriana had a smooth, shaved one to expose to the world. Both of them 
relieved themselves at the work site, which actually helped soften the ground beneath 
them and make shoveling a lot easier. Drops of piss clung to her as she lowered her dress 
and resumed her work. 

Work stopped on the hour, every hour, for a two-minute water break. Around midmorning came the first meal, a bowl of cornmeal mixed with a special nutrient powder. 
That break was ten minutes, really the only chance to use the toilet which was a narrow, 
deep trench dug at the edge of the work area. The sounds of tools hitting ground were 
often interrupted by yelling guards or the occasional crack of the whip. An afternoon 



meal, the same as the morning meal, brought some relief. After sunset came the end of 
work bell. 

By this time, Adriana and her fellow prisoners were soaked in sweat. Their hands and 
feet were covered in dirt, their faces streaked with sweat and dirt. Exhausted, they were 
marched back to the cellblock for their showers. Prisoners lined up at the outdoor sinks to 
brush their teeth. Then they received some soap shavings and were ushered into a huge 
shower hall where they lined up, inches apart from each other, under narrow pipes. For 
five minutes cool water rained down on them as they scrambled to wash the dirt and 
sweat and clean up as best as possible with the meager amount of soap. The water 
stopped when they wanted it to go on forever. There were no towels so they had to use 
part of their uniform to dry themselves. The evening breeze made them feel cool as they 
collected their dinner bowls and water bottles and crouched in the courtyard to eat in 
silence. Dinner was a bowl of pellets, specially made for labor camp inmates, high in 
fiber and protein and other essential nutrients. They tasted sweet and a little tangy and left 
a decent aftertaste when washed down with water. Finally, with the sun long gone and the 
camp bathed in floodlights, the prisoners were ordered to their cells for the night, 
clutching onto a bottle of water each. 

Lights went out as soon as all the doors had closed. 

Light 

This time the bright light from the corridor woke Adriana up. She shielded her eyes as 
she struggled to sit up. Two guards were standing at the door, one of them motioned her 
to stand up. 

She had lost track of how long she had been in the punishment cell. Meals and water 
came with some regularity. There had even been a small tube of toothpaste and some 
soap shavings tossed into her cell. 

She was led, still naked and shackled, and very dazed, down the narrow corridor and up 
several flights of stairs to a small room. The room was windowless but had a bright light 
on the ceiling. Hanging from the ceiling was a beam with a chain attached. Two small 
posts were placed on the floor of the cell, near the center, several feet apart. A drain was 
in the center of the floor. There were two chairs against the wall. 

Adriana was secured to the beam, her arms stretched above her. Her legs were spread as 
far as the shackles would allow and her ankles were secured to the floor posts with a new 
set of shackles. 

The guards left here alone, closing the door behind them. 

The heat from the light was intense, Adriana was sweating profusely, also from fear. The 
dreaded interrogation was about to begin. When the door finally opened, a guard entered 
holding a hose. She aimed it at Adriana.s face and turned it on. A cold jet of water hit 



her, offering some relief but the sheer power made her feel like she was going to drown. 
The hose was quickly moved over her body, rinsing off the dirt that had collected during 
her time in the punishment cell. The guard made sure that she aimed the hose between 
Adriana.s legs longer than necessary and then proceeded to wash her back and butt. The 
water collected in the middle of the floor and slowly drained away. 

Another guard entered and served Adriana a bottle of water through a straw. She was 
getting a little hungry. Her last meal had been half a loaf of bread and she had slept for a 
while after that. 

One of the senior officers of the prison finally entered the cell and took her seat. She 
placed a folded whip on the chair next to her. Two guards remained stationed in the cell, 
one at the door and the other behind Adriana. 

The officer began by reading the new charges and then asked her first question, .So who 
masterminded this escape?. 

Adriana softly replied, .the three of us.. 

.That.s not what we.ve heard,. the officer said sternly, .your friends said that it was your 
idea.. 

Mind games, Adriana thought to herself. There.s no way her friends would set her up to 
take the fall for what was a joint effort. 

.We planned it together,. Adriana said, her voice trembling. 

The officer picked up the whip and handed it to the guard who was positioned behind 
Adriana. She continued, .Again, were you the mastermind of the operation that 
undermined our prison system? Did you, or did you not, hatch the plot and lead two 
innocent inmates to their downfall?. 

.No,. said Adriana, .I did. owwwww.. The guard let loose the whip, two swift strokes 
across her back. She fought back tears as she felt her skin sting. The whips were specially 
designed to redden but not scar. 

.Let.s try this again, one more time as I have limited patience. Explain how you planned 
this operation and your stay in this room will be short. Lie again and you.ll see what 
happens,. the officer said, rising to her feet and heading for the door. 

.We always wanted to escape. We did it together. We stole and hid supplies on toilet 
breaks. We broke into supply drop-offs along the way. It was a team effort.. 

.That.s a lie,. the officer said before leaving the cell, the sounds of Adriana.s cries 
fading in the distance as the guard whipped her all over her back, butt and thighs, before 
locking the cell door and leaving her shackled and sobbing. 



Silence 

At least in the punishment cell there were the occasional footsteps in the corridor. She 
could even hear the guards talking. Now there was no sound whatsoever. She wondered 
how they delivered her food and water in absolute silence. The walls and door were very 
thick, she figured. 

Adriana crouched in the tiny cell, a box much smaller than the punishment cell, with no 
room to stand straight or lie down. Still shackled at the wrists and ankles, she had been 
brought here after one final question and answer session that ended with another 
whipping and a hosedown. This time they had shaved her head. 

There was some light that came in through cracks above and below the door. She had no 
idea how long she would spend in this cell. There was no toilet or tap, just a drain. They 
allowed her out once every 26 hours, the only time she saw another human or heard any 
sounds other than her own shackles. Those precious 15 minutes were spent in a room as 
small as her cell but with a higher ceiling. That room had a hole in the ground and a tap. 
She also got her toothbrush, her daily water refill and bowl of pellets and bread. Small 
comforts meant a lot to her. She would wait patiently for those 15 minutes of freedom. 
One false move and she.d lose that. 

She counted the days but would soon be thrown off as they let her out at random times, 
sometimes after 18 hours, sometimes after 30. Even then she made the most of her time at 
the tap, washing her face and private parts. Her hair was growing back, she wondered 
how she looked. She hadn.t seen a mirror since her incarceration. 

Months went by and the silence and isolation was broken by the toilet visits and 
occasional hose-downs. Still well fed, Adriana remained in decent health but began to 
wonder how long this would go on. In some ways, she was beginning to miss the hard 
labor that she had gotten used to before her escape and capture. At least she saw other 
people all day long, heard conversations and breathed fresh air. 

Reunited 

.Back to work,. is what the guard said as she pulled Adriana out of her hole. Her hair 
now shoulder-length and unkempt, her body hairy and unwashed for a few days, her 
ankles and wrists still shackled, she was led down the narrow corridor and out into the 
open for the first time in months. The fresh air almost made her cry. It felt so good to be 
outside again. It was a cloudy day so her eyes didn.t require much adjusting after all 
those months in the dimly lit cell. Still she tried not to look at the open space. She stood 
near the back of a van, with a guard at her side. After a few minutes passed, her friends 
Kirra and Celeste appeared, both looking tired, haggard and broken. All three managed a 
smile as they were ordered into the back of the van. Adriana wanted to grab them and hug 
them tightly, but she knew that the guards wouldn.t like that at all. 



As two guards got into the front of the van, the guard on the passenger side handed the 
prisoners water bottles and paper bags containing bread crusts and pellets. She told them 
to remain quiet and off they went. 

They stopped once along the way but the prisoners weren.t allowed to get out. The road 
was narrow and unpaved and cut through the forest. After nearly six hours on the road, 
they pulled up at a huge iron gate, which swung open and they finally stopped near a 
small building. 

With both guards out of the van, Adriana spoke softly, .how are you?. 

Kirra replied, .glad to be out of the hell hole.. 

Celeste asked, .I wonder where they have brought us.. 

.It can.t get any worse,. Kirra said, .look at us. We look like animals.. 

.At least they fed us and let us wash somewhat,. Adriana said, her voice trailing off as 
she heard the guards return. 

The back of the van opened and they were ushered out. Leaving their empty bottles and 
paper bags on the floor of the van, the prisoners stepped out onto the grass. 

A stern-looking woman approached the guards and asked gruffly, .so what have you 
brought us this time?. 

One guard replied, .we.re here to exchange the last load with this load. Have they been 
productive?. 

.Very much so,. the woman replied, staring at Kirra. .I can sure use these prisoners, 
there.s so much to do down there. Bring me a few more if you can.. 

.Will do,. said the guard. 

.Follow me,. the woman said to the trio. She led them into her office. She sat behind her 
desk and looked them up and down for several minutes, glancing at some files at the 
same time. 

She continued, .the work you will do here is related to the work at your previous camp. 
However, conditions here are tough and we watch you more closely. One false move and 
you.ll think of your last cell as a five star hotel. 

.We will continue to feed you and give you opportunities to wash but if you.re 
unproductive, life will get tougher. I want no trouble from any of you. My girls are all 
hard working and obedient and disciplined and if there is the slightest hint of trouble 
anywhere in this camp, I will blame the three of you and personally administer your 



punishment. Now you.ve had a long trip. I.ll be nice and allow you to rest for the rest of 
the day and night and in the morning I will lead you to your work zone.. 

She called in a guard and ordered her to take the prisoners to an overnight cell. .Before 
morning bell they should be led to site 14,. she told the guard. 

The overnight cell was at the end of the corridor. It was nothing more than a 8x6 concrete 
windowless room with a light fixed to a high ceiling. There was a hole and a tap and 
some soap shavings. 

The door slammed shut after the guard had given each of them large pitchers of water to 
drink from. 

The three prisoners embraced tightly, their warm bodies locked, tears flowing freely but 
silently. After several minutes each took turns relieving themselves in the hole and 
washing up with some soap shavings. The cool water felt nice, even though it just 
trickled out of the tap. Still, they were cleaner than they were a few minutes ago. 

They sat down on the floor, leaning against the back wall of the cell, their bodies 
touching. They held hands and sat in silence. After some time, the cell door opened and 
they were handed bowls of broth with vegetables floating in them. They smiled and 
accepted food that wasn.t bread, pellets or grits. They ate their broth with bread. The cell 
door remained open as they ate. The guard arrived and gave them water and took the 
bowls away, leaving a tall pitcher and a cup for the night. 

They slept like babies that night, embracing one another, even kissing each other with 
some passion. After months apart it felt good to be together. 

New Job 

Their deep sleep was rudely interrupted by the opening of the cell door. .On your feet,. 
the guard shouted, .time for transfer to work zone.. They were led down the corridor, 
groggy and confused, and out into the darkness. They were marched through a wooded 
area and led down a shaft into an underground bunker where they were greeted by the 
woman who ran the operation, the same woman who had greeted them when they arrived. 

.Sit down, ladies,. she said. The prisoners sat down on the narrow bench while their host 
sat on a table. 

.We are laying an underground plumbing network, that will connect to the overground 
irrigation system you were working on at the previous labor camp. You will spend the 
next several months down here, working long shifts with short breaks. We expect you to 
step up to the plate and be productive. We know you are an energetic and creative bunch. 
The sooner this project is over, the sooner you get to go back and work in the field again. 
I have chosen three locations for you so you will be separated. At each location you will 



find tools, rations and safety equipment. Detailed instructions are also posted there. Any 
questions?. 

The prisoners said nothing. 

.Good,. the woman continued, .now let.s get to work.. 

Three guards entered and each took charge of one prisoner. Adriana was led by her arm 
down the narrow corridor and down some more stairs. An air-handling system kept fresh 
air flowing through the underground work site. Dim lights lit up the place. She couldn.t 
see which way her friends were going but they were not behind her any more. 

They stopped at a door. Her name and photo was on it. The guard opened the door and 
pushed her in. The door slammed shut and a light came on. She was standing in a 4x4 
room with a high ceiling and a domed light. Against one wall was a wooden box with the 
word .supplies. printed across. On top of the box were a small shovel and a piece of 
paper that said .Instructions.. She picked it up and read it. 

Instructions for Employee 

This is your home.
What you need for the next 14 days is in the wooden crate.
Dig yourself a toilet.
Your job is to look at the .X. on the back wall of the cell and dig a uniform hole, 12 
inches in diameter (use ruler) until you reach an opening on the other side.
Wear a facemask at all times.
Deposit dirt into shaft in wall above crate.
We will be watching you.


Adriana opened the box. There was a crate of drinking water, loaves of bread and bags of
pellets and nutrient powder. There was a toothbrush, two tubes of toothpaste and a bag of
soap granules.


She picked up the shovel and wondered how long it would take her to dig trough the wall.
But first things first, she crouched on the ground and began digging a toilet. She dug it as
deep as she could, almost two feet deep and 8 inches wide. She was sweating profusely
from the labor and finished by piling the dirt in one corner and leaning against the supply
crate to catch her breath.


She got up, drank some water and began her assignment.


How thick is this wall? 

Adriana had dug as far as she could reach. Her arms were aching and covered with dirt. 
The face mask kept the dirt out of her nose and mouth. It seemed as though she would 
have to dig wider so she could crawl into the hole in order to dig deeper. She could 
always replace some of the dirt and return the hole to its 12 inch diameter. 



She had been at this for several days it seemed. She still had enough to eat. The powder 
was quite filling, a few scoops with water kept her going for a while. She spared some 
water to wash her hands and she used the paper wrappers as toilet paper. 

Her body was covered with dirt, with streaks of sweat running across. She figured they 
would wash her after she was done so she just had to suck it up and carry on. She took 
frequent breaks, to get dirt and sweat out of her eyes. The shackles made it difficult to dig 
efficiently but she soldiered on. 

If they were watching her, they must.ve been happy for no one opened the door until it 
was time for fresh rations. The warden appeared with a guard and inspected her progress. 
She didn.t say a word. The guard placed new supplies in the crate and gave her a bucket 
of water and said, .wash with that and use it to collect dirt.. 

Adriana washed her face and between her legs with the water. She felt refreshed. She had 
been brushing her teeth regularly and had set aside some drinking water for washing her 
eyes at the end of a long day. She had no sense of time. No sense of day and night. She 
just used her body to figure out an approximate time scale. 

Light 

Adriana was lying flat on her stomach in the tunnel, she was several feet away from her 
cell, trying to make her way to wherever the end was going to be. She would dig for a 
while and then slide back through the two foot wide tunnel, hauling the dirt back for 
disposal. Her body was caked with the damp soil and dirt, which mixed with her sweat 
and formed a coating on her skin, almost like a protective coat. She knew she had dug a 
wider tunnel than instructed. There was no way she could.ve burrowed far without 
physically going into the earth. 

She was catching her breath, drinking water from the bottle she carried with her. She was 
getting a little hungry so she crawled backwards and out into her cell, grateful that she 
was able to stretch a bit. She dusted herself off with no avail, then pulled off her face 
mask and picked up some pellets and washed them down with more water. She looked at 
her handiwork, she had dug at least twenty feet into the wall. She squatted over her toilet 
and relieved herself and then returned to work. 

She felt the earth loosen rather easily and then give away to nothing as she had reached 
the end. She was ecstatic, letting out a scream of delight. She crawled further to see what 
was at the other end. It was a cell like hers, but empty. The supply crate was empty. 
Whoever was in there had only dug a few feet into the wall. She heard the cell door open. 
A guard walked in. 

.Get out of the tunnel now!. she ordered Adriana, who crawled out of the narrow 
opening onto the ground. She stood up and dusted herself off. She pulled off her mask. 
The guard handed her a wet towel. She gratefully used it to wipe her face and hands. 



.So you.ve made it to the end I see,. the guard said. Adriana just smiled. She forgot her 
plight momentarily as she reveled in her sense of accomplishment. The guard continued, 
.too bad the warden isn.t here to see this. But I.m sure she.ll be pleased.. 

They heard noises through the tunnel. Someone was in Adriana.s cell. She could hear 
someone say, .we.re done here, transfer the supplies.. Adriana wondered if she was 
going to be moved to another work zone. The guard stepped closer and looked her in the 
eye. She grabbed Adriana.s face and stared right into her eyes and said, .pretty girls like 
you deserve far worse. You come to our country, break our laws, and end up here. By the 
time we.re done with you, you.ll have no memory of what life was like before your 
arrest. Right now you dream about clothes and parties, good food, boyfriends, sex, 
beaches and whatnot. You had it all, you threw it all away. Now you.ll forget it all.. 

Adriana was shaking with fear. No guard had ever gotten in her face like this without a 
warden being present. The guard continued after relaxing her grip on Adriana, .you 
know, we have men working in our system as well. Nice muscular strong men who 
haven.t seen a woman in years. They work hard for little reward. Nothing will please 
them more than a tight white chick like you, for whom sex was always meaningless.. 

The guard pushes her back towards the wall. Adriana was truly scared now. She began to 
cry. 

.Yes,. the guard said, .cry all you want. Even our men wouldn.t want anything to do 
with you. Look at you, covered with dirt, caked in mud and sweat. But when natural 
urges take over, the men will ignore all of that. Your friends have paid their respects to 
our hard-working men. You will do the same, soon.. 

Adriana slumped to the floor and buried her face in her hands. She sobbed uncontrollably 
as the guard left her alone in the empty cell, leaving a water bottle behind. Her cell in the 
meantime had been emptied and the end of the tunnel sealed. She wanted to crawl back 
inside and disappear. That.s how she felt. She thought about Kirra and Celeste, what they 
must.ve gone through. Was the guard telling the truth? Maybe not. Maybe she was just 
messing with her mind. What if she was telling the truth? Adrian wondered who would 
want to have sex with her in this condition? She hadn.t masturbated in ages and hadn.t 
had any sexual urges since the night with Kirra and Celeste in the overnight cell. Even 
then, they just kissed and fondled one another. 

Her face streaked with tears, Adriana composed herself and drank some water. She 
quietly waited for whatever lay in store for her. She ran her fingers through her hair, 
which was tangled beyond repair and full of dirt. She shook off as much dirt as she could. 
In the dim light of the cell she looked down at her body. Her breasts were holding up 
well. She felt her nipples and with a bit of water, cleaned the dirt off them. She leaned 
back against the wall and stretched her legs out in front of her. Her hands relatively clean, 
she decided to feel her pussy for the first time in days. Working her fingers through the 
thick, tangled hair she found a wet spot. Was she really aroused, she wondered? She did 
have to pee so she slid to the corner of the cell and crouched. As she reached the end of 



the warm clear stream, she cupped her hand beneath her and felt her piss collect in her 
hand. As she finished she brought her hand closer and rubbed the warm liquid over her 
pussy lips, cleaning off a fair amount of dirt from the hair. She took some water in her 
hand and applied the finishing touches and then plunged two fingers inside herself for the 
first time in months. She lay on her back, her legs bent at the knees and feet firmly 
planted on the wall and began to furiously masturbate. It didn.t take long before she had 
an explosive, wet orgasm. She rubbed her cum over her pussy until her hands tired. She 
fell asleep. 

She woke up when she felt the warden.s boot tapping her side. She rose to her feet and 
tried not to look her in the eye. .I see you.ve relaxed a bit since your success at digging 
the tunnel. Come, it.s time for a new project.. 

Adriana followed her out of the cell and down the maze-like corridor, turning every few 
feet until they came to an area where there was a wide crack in the ceiling that allowed 
the evening breeze in from outside. It felt nice. A guard walked in, holding a hose. 
Without warning, she turned the hose on Adriana. The cool water hit her dirt-covered 
body, almost pushing her back against a wall. The water resulted in the dirt becoming 
mud and slowly running all over her. With instructions like .turn around. and .bend 
over., Adriana was hosed from head to toe, without the chance to scrub herself or soap 
up. When the hose was turned off she managed to get some of the mud off her body and 
hair. It was still something. She was a lot cleaner than a few minutes ago. 

Adriana crouched in the corner of the room, holding a bowl of pellets and bread floating 
in water. She slowly ate her meal. As she was finishing she saw Celeste and Kirra being 
brought in, caked in dirt from head to toe, virtually unrecognizable. They too were hosed 
down and returned to some semblance of cleanliness and handed food bowls and the 
three were together again. 

Together again 

The guard had lied about the men. Adriana made sure she confirmed that. Both Kirra and 
Celeste had their own digging jobs. Kirra had to dig an underground tank so she most of 
her time in a deep pit that she dug. It was too deep for her to rise to the top and into her 
cell so she just took her supplies down with her. Celeste also dug a pipe tunnel like 
Adriana. Now they were together in this empty room, washed, but with patches of dried 
mud on their bodies. They sat in the corner, close to each other and held hands and 
waited for whatever was in store for them. They fell asleep and woke up when the 
sunlight streamed into the space. It was very refreshing. They got up and tried to look out 
through the cracks in the ceiling. Their joy was short-lived when two guards appeared 
and ushered them back into the maze. 

Their new task was to transport all the dirt that had collected from the digging to a dump 
site at the end of the maze. This meant loading the dirt by hand onto carts and pushing the 
cart through the passageway to a room that was being sealed off with the dirt. They stood 
in a large room where several vaults had been cut into the walls. Two carts stood by the 



door. They began working, cupping the earth with the hands and emptying their hands 
into the cart. It was boring and slow. It took hours to fill up one cart. It took days to 
empty the room of its contents. 

Once the last delivery had been made, Kirra sat down, exhausted. She said the guards 
were on their way. The prisoners were covered in dirt as usual. They were tired and 
sweaty and finished what remained of their water. 

Two guards arrived at the door and found the prisoners slumped to the floor, leaning 
against the wall in the empty room. One of them handed them their toothbrushes and cups 
of water. After they brushed they were given some food and water and left alone. They 
finished eating and fell asleep. 

No one came to wake them up this time. When she finally got up, Adriana finished the 
rest of her water and went to the hole to pee. She looked over at Kirra and Celeste fast 
asleep, naked and dirty, still shackled like she was, as far away from civilized living as 
possible. Adriana walked over to the door and looked out of the barred opening. There 
was no one as far as she could see. The underground prison was silent. 

Kirra and Celeste finally woke up and relieved themselves. The three were now sitting 
cross-legged on the floor of the cell, with empty water bottles lying by the door. Adriana 
put her hand on Celeste.s thigh and smiled. .I.m glad we.re together, the three of us,. she 
said. 

Celeste fought back tears, her voice cracking, she said, .they better not separate us any 
more. I can.t bear to be alone.. 

Kirra put her hand on Celeste.s shoulder and moved closer. She kissed her on her cheek, 
the few parts of her body not caked with dirt. She twirled Celeste.s stringy, matted hair in 
her fingers. Celeste turned and kissed her on the lips, sliding her tongue into Kirra.s 
mouth in a passionate lip-lock. 

Not wanting to be left out, Adriana moved closer and began kissing Celeste on the neck, 
running her hands over her breasts, feeling her nipples. Soon Kirra and Adriana had 
Celeste sandwiched between them on the floor, Adriana cupping Celeste.s breasts from 
behind while Kirra kept kissing her. Then Celeste turned and began to kiss Adriana. The 
pent up passion was giving way to some steamy lovemaking on the floor of their 
underground cell. They were oblivious to the fact that one of the guards was watching 
them through the barred window in the door and had pressed her beeper to summon the 
warden. 

Celeste now lay on her back while Adriana leaned over her to kiss Kirra. Then the two of 
them began to exchange kisses with Celeste and work their mouths down to her breasts, 
each sucking one nipple. Adriana.s hands were between Celeste.s legs, navigating the 
tangled mass of pubic hair and finding her way to her wet pussy lips. She began rubbing 
Celeste as the moans started to get louder. Kirra tried to keep her quiet by kissing her. 



Adriana slid her fingers inside Celeste and began moving them, then she kissed her way 
down to her pussy and with her tongue she began to lick away, oblivious to the dirt, 
sweat and piss that was tangled into her bush. Adriana was on her knees, between 
Celeste.s legs, her butt in the air. Kirra, in the meantime was squatting over Celeste.s 
face, her bush inches from her mouth, as Celeste reached for her with her tongue. 

The orgy continued, each taking turns at pleasuring each other. The close-circuit camera 
had been turned on so the warden was enjoying the show in her office, with some of the 
guards. She was taping it for the male prisoners who would get the treat after completing 
their tasks. 

The guard at the door was deeply aroused and was eager to join the fun but it was against 
the rules. Her pager vibrated with the message, .stop them now.. It was the warden. She 
had had enough. The guard put the key into the lock and the sound of the key turning 
scattered the girls, but they had enjoyed every bit of their lovemaking. The guard entered 
with a cart of water bottles and food. She also left them a bucket of wash water and some 
soap. She locked the door and left. 

Transfer 

The guard came in when they were fast asleep. It seemed as though several days had 
passed since they had been locked in this cell. In that time they had become consumed 
with sex, making out at every opportunity, ignoring their pathetic existence and focusing 
on the simple pleasures of life. 

Now the guard escorted them out of the cell and out of the underground bunker and into 
the open. The fresh air felt great. It was a full moon night and the mild breeze felt great 
against their skin. The girls were taken to a building about 200 feet away. They entered a 
large washroom. The guard pointed out a row of showers but before they could make use 
of this tremendous opportunity, they were forced to crouch and have their heads shaved 
once again. 

The cool water felt great after all these months. The water easily slid off their freshly-
shaved heads down their bodies. The soap shavings were an additional blessing. Adriana, 
Kirra and Celeste proceeded to clean up as beast as they could. They wondered why they 
were being treated well after all they had been forced to go through. After nearly ten 
minutes of scrubbing and washing, the guard gave them a warning to finish up, before 
shutting off the water. She handed them fresh towels to dry off. 

Clean and dry, the girls sat down on a bench outside the washroom. Another guard 
appeared with some clothes slung over her arm. She handed each prisoner a regulation 
prison dress, the same brown baggy dress they wore when they first arrived. The girls 
were ecstatic. First a shower, now clothes, what next? 

A transfer was what was next. They boarded a prison van, clutching water bottles and 
bread, and were driven to another prison complex. They arrived at the crack of dawn, 



after spending most of the time awake and enjoying the fresh air that came into the van 
thanks to the open windows. 

A stern-looking guard greeted them and ordered a junior guard to escort the new arrivals 
to cell # 114, which was at the end of a long corridor on the main floor. They passed 
several steel doors in the dimly-lit corridor. The place was silent, except for the noise 
their shackles made as they walked to their cell. Their cell didn.t have a solid door. It had 
a barred door. They entered the cell, which didn.t have a lot to offer. It was 8x8 and 
windowless. The ceiling was high and had two fluorescent domes that glowed brightly. In 
one corner was a tap and under the tap was a small plastic bucket. In the opposite corner 
was the toilet, the regulation hole. There was no cot, no mat, just an unfinished dirt floor. 
On a shelf that had been cut into the wall were three brown-paper packets. As the cell 
door closed the girls grabbed a packet each to inspect the contents. they carefully 
unwrapped the paper and saved it. The packet contained a toothbrush, a tube of 
toothpaste, a sanitary belt, a small bar of soap and a six inch square washcloth. These 
were the most perks they had in their possession since their arrest. The girls were ecstatic. 
They couldn.t hold back tears. Little things meant so much these days. 

New Order 

There were no surprises in store for them for now. They had no contact with other 
prisoners and never left their cell. They heard the other prisoners being escorted out of 
their cells, possibly to work. They saw the same guard several times a day. She brought 
them their food and water. Even though they didn.t see the sun, they could keep track of 
the days thanks to the food and water deliveries. Breakfast was a bowl of grits, lunch was 
bread and a banana and dinner was rice and beans. Nutrient powder was sprinkled on 
their meals. Water was plentiful. Washing was still cumbersome as they had to fill the 
small plastic bucket and carry it to the other corner of the cell as the toilet also served as a 
drain. But they set up a relay system, whereby one would wash while the others brought 
her water. Usually they would all do a full wash on the same day and minimal washes on 
the remaining days. That way they were always equally clean, which made the 
lovemaking equally pleasurable. Sex with each other was their only solace, and even 
though the lights were always on, they made out as often as they could, stopping each 
time they heard the guard approaching. 

The cameras were hidden, and were always rolling. 

The days became months, new supplies came every month, the uniform was never 
replaced so they had to hand wash it in the cell and remain naked while it dried. Having 
spent so much time in isolation and working underground, they still didn.t know how 
many years had passed since their arrest. No one told them, they never asked. Their 
sentences had been extended to fifteen years. They would be 36 by the time they would 
be free again. Contact with the outside world was still forbidden. As the months went by, 
their hair grew back. They spent time braiding each other.s hair and putting each other 
through whatever pampering they could. Body hair continued to flourish and they were 



okay with that. It really made their lovemaking more pleasurable. The girls felt relaxed in 
spite of the fairly primitive conditions they were being housed in. 

Meanwhile, the warden was entertaining a visitor in her office. It was the new head of the 
prison labor system. The irrigation project had been expanded and he was looking for 
fresh legs. He handed her a map of the new worksite. She studied it carefully. 

Several new canals were going to be dug. Each canal would be six feet wide and six feet 
deep, but anywhere from one to ten miles long. The manager of the worksite wanted to 
position prisoners 24 feet apart. Their positions would be permanent, that is they would 
be tethered by the ankle to short, deep steel posts, by a chain 12 feet long. They would 
start digging six feet from their posts and be responsible for a part of the canal, 24 feet 
long and 6 feet wide. 

In the other direction, four feet away from the position posts would lie a sprinkler-pipe 
that would spray the prisoners with water at the end of each shift. The entire site was in 
the shadow of the mountains with trees providing shade all around. And six feet further 
away there would be a deep trench that had dug to serve as their toilet. 

Prisoners would be naked. At the start of each shift they would be misted with a 
sunblock/nutrient solution from head to toe. Shifts would begin at 5 am and continue 
until 7 pm each day, with hourly water breaks and meal breaks at 8 and 1, with dinner 
served after the end-of-day sprinkler-rinse at 7 pm. Each position would have a large 
barrel of drinking water, each prisoner would also receive a toothbrush, toothpaste and 
some soap granules. Meals would be standard fare. grits, bread, pellets, powder and the 
occasional banana. 

.So, do you have a couple of foreigners I could use?. the man asked. 

.I have three old hands, they.ve been in the system five years now. Even escaped for a 
while,. the warden responded. 

.I need only two. The foreigners we recently arrested have all been recruited,. the man 
said, .I.ll send the doctor over to check all three out and recommend the two healthiest.. 

.They.re in fine health,. the warden replied, .do you wish to see them?. 

.No, that won.t be necessary. I tell you what, let.s allow the doctor some time with them. 
He.ll do a thorough exam and I.ll come back after he.s sent me his findings,. the man got 
up and shook the warden.s hand. 

.Fair enough, see you soon,. she said. 



More change 

The girls were surprised when they were taken from their cells to a room that looked like 
a doctor.s office. A nurse ordered them to strip. She weighed them, drew blood, took 
urine samples and checked their vitals. Still naked, they were brought before the doctor, a 
much older man who thoroughly examined them. While Kirra was on the table, Adriana 
leaned over and whispered to Celeste, .why are they checking us out? I bet they have 
something in store for us.. 

.I can.t put anything past them anymore,. Celeste responded and shrugged her shoulders. 

Nearly three hours later, they were back in their cell. 

It didn.t take long for the transport van to arrive to pick up Adriana and Celeste. Kirra 
was thought to be a little underweight so they decided to leave her behind. The warden 
brought the head of the PL system to their cell. He looked at the girls and smiled. Then he 
spoke. 

.Two of you are being relocated to a work camp. We cannot provide you a free ride any 
longer. One of you will stay back for the time being until we find something appropriate 
for you to do. You have a good track record of hard work and good output so we will 
make good use of you at this new site. I don.t want any trouble from you, now or ever.. 

He pointed to Adriana and Celeste and motioned to the guard to take them away. Kirra 
protested loudly, .no you can.t leave me here, please, no,. 

.Shut up!. the man screamed, .don.t make me enter this cell.. 

Adriana, who was being dragged out by her arm yelled back, .you can.t leave her here.. 
Before she could say more, the warden had slapped her. 

Kirra sobbed uncontrollably as they took her friends away. She remained behind in the 
cell while Adriana and Celeste, both in tears, were placed in the back of a van and driven 
away. 

Kirra crouched on the floor of her cell, her face buried in her hands and sobbed for a long 
time. When she finally composed herself, she began ripping at her dress. By the end of 
the day, a pile of string and shredded cloth was what remained, scattered all over the floor 
of her cell, while Kirra lay there naked. 

Brutal 

Adriana leaned on her shovel to catch her breath. It was another hot and humid day, 
though the sun was partly obscured by the hills and trees and she was thankful for that. 
Still she felt awful. The ground was just too hard and two girls had managed to break 



their shovels and had been hauled off to be punished. Adriana feared that she would meet 
with the same fate if she wasn.t careful. 

She hadn.t seen Celeste since they had been transported. She was probably hundreds of 
feet away along the same work line. Adriana wiped the sweat off her brow with her arm. 
She was sticky all over, the sunblock mist mixed in with her sweat and covered with dirt. 
She was caked from head to toe, the evening sprinkler never strong enough to wash 
everything off her naked body. She resumed her work, gently chipping away at the hard 
ground. She had a long way to go before she would fulfill her quota. But they weren.t 
rushing her it seemed. 

She had stopped counting after a month. It just wasn.t worth it anymore. Every day was 
the same. The loud siren waking them up at 5. The two prisoners on either side of her 
never said a word. One was Russian, the other Czech. This was their first assignment. 
They had no idea what Adriana had endured so far in this prison system. 14 hours a day, 
every day, is what they were putting in now, stopping for drinks of water and meals. The 
prisoners had realized that one of the ways to make digging easier would be to just pee on 
the ground, but once a day Adriana hauled herself, still tethered to the steel post, to the 
latrine, with some old newspaper in her hand. She had forgotten what it was like to use a 
real toilet, to use toilet paper, to use a sink, a shower, a bath tub. everything seemed so 
foreign to her. Her past was slowly leaving her. She had no idea how many more years of 
torment lay ahead of her. 

She felt the blade of her shovel come loose. She was terrified. She gingerly dug with it. 
Then it gave way and broke off. She dropped the handle and tried to dig with the blade. 
She felt a figure walk up behind her. She dared not look. Crouching on the ground she 
continued to dig. Then she felt it. 

The leather belt came down across her back. She leaned forward and bit her lip to avoid 
screaming. It came down again, and again. She could feel the welts form on her back. 
Then she was pulled up by her arm and turned around. The guard looked her in the eye. 
Adriana was fighting back tears. .I.m so sorry,. she muttered, .please don.t take me 
away.. 

The guard slapped her across the face and lifted her strap. Adriana took evasive action 
but the strap never fell on her this time. The guard bent over and picked up the broken 
shovel. .You dig with your hands,. she said and walked away. Adriana slumped to the 
ground, partly relieved and partly angry, first at herself for breaking the shovel and 
second, at the treatment the guard just dished out to her. 

The sprinkler didn.t come on that evening. That was collective punishment for Adriana.s 
broken shovel. Each prisoner accepted their bowl of pellets for dinner, ate and lay out on 
the ground for the night. 

Adriana ate her dinner slowly, chewing each pellet one by one and washing the dry food 
down with plenty of water. She rinsed her fingers with some of her drinking water and 



splashed some water on her face. Then she stretched her sticky, dusty body out on the 
hard ground and stared blankly at the clear night sky and studied the patterns of the stars. 
She was soon fast asleep. 

Digging with her hands was not easy. She found some rocks to help her out. She 
increased her water intake so she could pee more and soak the ground, but at this rate it 
would take her years to dig the 24x6x6 trench and make it smooth enough. She longed 
for the end of the day. She soldiered on, digging slowly, stopping to drink water and 
stretch her legs for she was mostly crouching as she was digging. Or she was on all fours. 

Heads were shaved that evening and wet cloths were handed out to the prisoners. That 
certainly helped. Adriana was glad to be rid of her tangled hair. She wiped her face and 
hands with the cloth. It was soon dry and dirty. The sprinkler allowed her to wash a little 
bit but as always, it was never enough. 

Celeste 

Celeste picked the last pellet with the tip of her fingers and put it in her mouth. She 
chewed the somewhat sweet, fibrous pellet and washed it down with two cups of water. 
As she put her cup down on top of her water barrel the siren went off, signaling that they 
return to work. She got up and strolled to her spot, dragging the heavy chain behind her. 
She was one of the lucky few who hadn.t yet broken her shovel. The prisoners next to her 
had been digging with their hands for days now. 

Celeste stepped into the trench she had dug so far. It was about two feet deep but only 
two feet long and about four feet wide. She had a long way to go. She continued to chip 
away at the walls, trying to break the hard ground, kicking up clouds of dust that just 
stuck to her body and mixed with the sunblock mist and her sweat. She wiped the sweat 
off her brow repeatedly so that it wouldn.t get into her eyes. Her hair was very short as 
her head had been shaved only recently. She continued to suffer in silence, paying for her 
mistakes, which combined with a harsh legal system, had resulted in her exit from 
civilized society. 

She wondered what she would tell people when she eventually got out. She wondered 
how she would assimilate into the real world. She compared her plight to those of the 
black slaves. At least they had clothes and shelters, she said to herself. Yes, they were 
mistreated but did anybody suffer like she was suffering? She thought about Adriana and 
Kirra, how they were doing. How they were holding up. 

She kept digging, keeping in mind that her shovel could break any time. She tried to 
make it easy for herself. She sat on the edge of her trench and peed down the side. This 
reminded her of sitting on a real toilet, her shorts and panties pulled down to her mid-
thigh. She imagined her clear warm stream emerging from her neatly groomed pussy and 
hitting the water below her. She imagined the wad of toilet paper in her hand, ready to 
wipe herself dry before she got up and pulled her shorts and panties up and flushed. 



There was none of that. Now the clear warm stream soaked the side of the trench and 
pooled at the bottom between her feet, soaking the ground. There was no wiping herself 
dry, the last drops clung to her very hairy pussy that would get a rinsing at the end of the 
day when the sprinkler would come on. 

Celeste got up and chipped away at the wet ground, breaking damp clumps off and 
tossing them out of the trench into the pile. Her breasts dangled below her as she dug. 
The absence of support was taking its toll on her breasts, which were once nice and firm. 
She kept her arms close to her body as she dug so that she could support her breasts a bit. 

She made the usual amount of progress with her digging. She drank plenty of water to 
keep herself going. The sun began to set and the floodlights came on. Then the siren went 
off, signaling the end of the shift. It was 7 pm. Celeste stepped out of her trench and 
walked back to her post. She put her shovel down and drank some more water. Then she 
walked over to the sprinkler and waited. The sprinkler came on, she squatted in front of 
it and put her hands in the stream, clutching a some soap granules. She washed the dirt 
off her hands and splashed some water onto her face, clearing the sweat and mist off. 
Then she placed her feet on either side of the sprinkler and rubbed her pussy clean. As the 
water was beginning to die off she managed to rinse her ass before getting up and 
walking back to her post, somewhat refreshed. She ran wet hands over her breasts and 
arms and used a bit of her drinking water to clean her hands. She picked up her 
toothbrush and brushed her teeth before sitting down with her dinner bowl. 

She slowly ate the baby carrots and bread and washed it all down with plenty of water. 
She put her empty bowl down and stretched out on the hard ground as the floodlights 
dimmed for the night. Before long she was fast asleep under the stars, as was everyone 
else. A row of naked, dusty bodies lay out on the ground, all tethered to steel posts, shorthaired, hairy bodies, sleeping after a hard day.s work, to be soon awoken for more of the 
same, day after day, month after month. 

Kirra 

Kirra returned to her cell holding a paper bag of food and a jug of water. She placed them 
on the floor and walked over to the tap and filled the plastic bucket. Scooping water with 
her hands she splashed the water on her face. She washed her hands with soap and 
washed her pussy and ass at the tap. 

She walked over to another corner of the cell and sat down, stretching her legs out 
diagonally across the cell. She opened the paper bag and took out the apple and banana 
and ate them, saving the banana peel and tossing the apple core into the toilet. She ate the 
two slices of bread and drank half a jug of water to finish her meal. She stared at her dirt-
covered feet and the shackles that kept her ankles no more than two feet apart. The 
shackles had long-scarred her ankles. She looked at her legs, covered with dark brown 
hair, all the way up her thighs. The hair began to thicken inside her thighs and culminated 
in a dense growth between her legs before tapering off in a trail towards her belly-button, 
which was once pierced. 



Her arms had a similar growth of hair. Her underarms were full, the hair tangled and 
sweaty. Her head was once covered with long luxurious brown hair but the hair was 
cropped short, well above her shoulders. She had no idea what her face looked like for 
she hadn.t seen herself in a mirror since her imprisonment. Her breasts were still 
reasonably firm. They were small and her nipples were dark brown and erect all the time. 

She left her cell every day, shortly after breakfast. She was resigned to her latest fate. She 
would spend her days in a smaller room, still windowless. There was a thin mat on the 
floor as well as a hole and a tap. She was visited each day by the many powerful men in 
the system. Her job was to service them. They were always gentle with her but always 
got their way. She barely remembered the first few days she spent there. She never 
resisted. She believed that if she gave in she would be quickly reunited with her friends. 
Plus, she could never say no to sex. Before her arrest she was a sexaholic for sure. 
Nothing was off-limits to her. 

On some days she had two visitors at once. They always wore condoms. She was 
thankful for that. She usually lay on the mat, her legs folded at the knees and let them do 
the work. But sometimes they wanted her on top, squatting over them. Or she would have 
to be on all fours, at which point they could decide which way to go. One officer 
preferred anal. 

She pretended not to enjoy the process but the fact that she got wet as soon as she entered 
the room and had no difficulty accommodating her visitors, was a clear giveaway. As 
expected, she got a few days off each month. Apart from that, rewards were few. The 
food certainly improved. She also began to wash more carefully once she returned to her 
cell, or even in between visits in her .day cell.. 

Still, she was naked, shackled and in prison. 

Longer Shifts 

The administration was unhappy with the progress at the work site. New orders were 
handed down. Shifts were to run from 5-11 am, 12-5 pm and 6-11 pm. 16 hours a day, 
instead of 14 hours a day. 

Adriana was deep inside her trench. She had made progress with the depth and width but 
not the length. Her hands were caked with dirt since she had long broken her shovel. She 
was covered in mud, virtually unrecognizable. At the end of a shift she sometimes 
remained in her trench, too tired to climb out. She had placed her water barrel closer to 
her trench. She had to emerge at night for the sprinkler as well as the misting that began 
everyone.s day. The recent rains had washed some of the dirt off her and softened the 
ground, leaving it rather muddy. It made digging a lot easier. She kept at it, and so did 
everyone else. There was virtually no trouble at the work site. 

The siren went off signaling the end of the morning shift. Adriana leaned over the edge of 
her trench, her shoulders in line with the ground. She poured some water into her cup and 



drank it. A guard walked by and poured some pellets into her bowl. She poured them, a 
few at a time, into her mouth, chewy slowly and washing every bite down with water. 
After she finished eating she slumped to the damp ground. She closed her eyes and began 
to dream. 

But the dream was short-lived for the siren went off again. It was time to get back to 
work. Adriana peed onto the ground and got up. She proceeded to work towards making 
her trench longer. She had a long way to go. 

The sprinkler gave her enough water to clean her hands and face and get some water to 
her pussy and ass. It was never enough. Eight years had passed since she had been 
arrested and incarcerated. But she wasn.t counting. She wondered how her body had 
held up so well all these years. She was lucky. Maybe it was those pellets and the nutrient 
powder they sprinkled on her grits. Or those shots the doctor gave her every now and 
then. Either way, she was just tired and dirty. Her hair was always cut short. 

She was no longer embarrassed by her appearance. She stopped feeling any shame years 
ago. She was being rightly punished for breaking the law on her vacation. These spring 
breakers would never learn. Each year someone or the other got arrested and ended up 
providing free labor to the system. Everyone is tanned, toned and groomed at the time of 
the arrest. By the time they are released they no longer remember what it.s like to wear 
clothes, to wear makeup, to take long showers, to see themselves in the mirror, to shave, 
to make their own decisions, to use a real toilet. 

These girls got what they deserved. Plucked from their cushy existence thanks to their 
own mistakes and placed in the harshest system of white slavery, where there were no 
rewards or right, just privileges. Where they were surprisingly well-fed, albeit tasteless 
but nutrient-rich food. Where they drank large quantities of water to stay hydrated and 
healthy. Where the lucky ones wore uniforms but almost all toilet naked at some point. 
Where the lucky ones got five minute showers at the end of their shift, while the rest had 
to make do with a floor tap or a sprinkler. Where the lucky ones slept in cells with hole 
toilets, while the rest slept outside and used pits. But no one had any contact with the 
outside world. No one received any mail or packages. Everyone disappeared into the 
system for anywhere from five years to twenty years. Adriana, Kirra and Celeste would 
be here for ten years, if it weren.t for their ill-conceived escape attempt. They had 
enjoyed six weeks of relative freedom, at the cost of an additional ten years in prison. 
Would they make it that long? Both Adriana and Celeste were toiling away, digging the 
long canal. Kirra was relatively lucky. She was housed in a cell, but used as a pleasure 
post for the powerful ones. They would let her go after ten years and not tell her two 
friends who dirt-covered bodies, knee-deep in mud, continued to dig away. After the 
canal was complete, they had to dig another one. The reward for finishing the first canal 
was a full body wash, a scrubbing like never before, to remove years of dirt, sweat and 
tears. A medical exam and a head-shaving would follow and then it was back to work. 



Job well done 

Adriana lay on the mat and stared at the light on the ceiling. It was nice to be indoors, she 
thought to herself. She thought back to the day the job was considered complete and how 
she looked and felt. She relished taking that shower, though getting all that dirt and mud 
off her body took a major effort. She had no idea what had happened to Kirra. They 
weren.t telling her anything. Maybe she was still alone in that cell, she thought. At least 
she knew where Celeste was. Celeste was lying next to her, snuggled up against her old 
friend. 

They were both wearing the new uniform. thin, cotton pants and a long-sleeve shirt. 
Going from years in the nude to covered from neck to ankle felt weird. Their ankles were 
no longer shackled, but the scar from years of being shackled remained, an eerie and 
somewhat painful reminder of the bondage they had been in. 

The cell was not very different from the one they were in before the outdoor assignment. 
This time they had mats to lie on. They had each other for company, to alleviate the 
inevitable boredom that prison life brought to them. Their hair was growing back. Both of 
them sported short hair at this point. Adriana thought that it made Celeste look cute and 
young. Both were into their 30s now. Years of bondage and labor had taken their toll on 
their bodies. Their breasts were no longer firm, their eyes were somewhat sunken, their 
skin tanned. The sexual urges had resurfaced ever since Adriana embraced Celeste when 
they were reunited at the work site on the day they canal was declared .fully dug.. It 
didn.t matter to them that they were filthy and covered in mud for the last few weeks on 
the job were brutal with longer shifts and fewer breaks. In order to push them to finish 
before the deadline, orders were given to operate the sprinklers once a week at first, and 
then stop them altogether for the last two weeks that they were digging. 

Their cell had a solid steel door with two slots, one for meals and the other to fill their 
drinking water barrel. It wasn.t until they were washed, clothed and in their cell that 
Adriana could kiss Celeste full on the lips. They lay on their mats and embraced and 
kissed for hours, before falling asleep in each other.s arms. 

Later that day, after dinner, Adriana slowly slipped her hand inside Celeste.s shirt and 
felt her breasts. Celeste put her hand inside Adriana.s pants and felt her pussy and 
yearned to taste it again. Their clothes came off in a hurry and they were in a 69, 
devouring each other, moving their tongues through the hairy maze until they found each 
others clits and began to suck passionately. 

The cameras were always rolling. The videos were a hit everywhere. Videos of Adriana 
at her work site were especially popular and were even used to initiate new prisoners and 
remind them that they would meet the same fate if they misbehaved at the more humane 
labor camp. 

After all the love-making, Adriana leaned against the wall, smiling. Her uniform was 
crumpled on the floor. Celeste got up and walked across the cell and poured some water 



and handed Adriana the cup. Celeste drank from hers and took the cups and put them on 
top of the barrel. Then she walked over to the toilet, placed her feet on the rests and 
squatted. She smiled at Adriana, who was watching her intently, while stroking herself 
once again. She looked at the hair on Celeste.s legs, a nice dark brown coating. She 
focused on what was between the legs, both hers and Celeste.s. She watched as the clear 
stream emerged from Celeste and hit the steel pan below her. Celeste was holding her 
knees and leaning forward as she peed. She finished and got up and poured some water 
down the pan. Adriana was masturbating passionately and she slid down onto her mat. 
She asked Celeste to come and squat over her face. Celeste did just that, bringing her wet 
pussy close to Adriana.s mouth. Adriana wanted the taste of fresh piss right off Celeste.s 
pussy. She got just that and began to probe her further with her tongue, all the while 
pushing her fingers inside herself. Before long they were resting in a sweaty heap on the 
floor, ecstatic with pleasure once again. 

So the days went by with nothing to do but eat, sleep and make love. They took turns 
bathing one another by filling the small bucket with water and carefully soaping each 
other. A full bath would take an hour as they would have to drag the bucket across the 
cell to the toilet. But they made it as sensual as they possibly could. It was usually a 
weekly undertaking, the same day they would wash half of their uniform. But the uniform 
was falling apart readily. Holes and tears were everywhere, so they decided to rip the 
pants and make shorts out of them, and use the legs as short wrap-around skirts. They 
tore the sleeves off the shirt and fashioned tube tops to give their breasts some support. 
They braided each other.s long hair. These little pleasures gave them a lot to smile about. 







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Sam E.


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





