BDSM Library - The Proposal




The Proposal
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A couple propose that one of them give up their safe-word for an evening.  The girl loses but the resulting experience is not what she had feared.




The Proposal
by Some Writer



Leah arrived at Tom's house and knocked on the door.  They had been going out together for a few years, but they still lived separately.  At least 
during the week - usually they spent each weekend together, often at Tom's house because it was bigger.  It was Saturday afternoon, and they always 
met up to buy lottery tickets together - a tradition begun early in their relationship that they always maintained.

"Come in," said Tom as he answered the door.  "Almost ready."  Tom had dark hair and dark eyes, and was currently naked from the waist up while he 
was looking for something to wear.  He had a strong torso, with subtle muscles that Leah could not help but be attracted to.  For her part, she had 
long curling copper-brown hair and light green eyes.  She was shorter than Tom, with a toned figure that Tom loved.

Leah waited while Tom went upstairs to finish dressing.  "You got another woman up there or something?" Leah called up while she waited for him.

"Yes," Tom called back.  "I'm just tying her to the bed so that she'll be here when I get back."

"Should I be looking forward to a threesome?" Leah asked as Tom finally descended the stairs.

"I thought you could hand out refreshments or something while I get it on with her," Tom said straight-faced.  Leah poked him in the side and he 
laughed.

"You'll be the one tied up while I go out for the evening if you're not careful," Leah warned him.

"How about you tie me up and stay in for the evening?" Tom asked, drawing her to him and kissing her.  They often joked about tying each other up.  
Since they were both happy being the top or the bottom, there was always a certain friction as to who would win out.  Sometimes they vied because they 
both wanted to be the top, but sometimes it was because they both wanted to be the bottom.  Unfortunately, it was rare that they each felt like 
adopting opposite roles in the same evening.  They left the house and walked in silence towards the shop.

"So, do you think we'll win this week?" Leah asked when they reached the shop.

"What are the chances?" Tom asked.  "Like, one in six billion or something?"

"It's one in three billion isn't it?" Leah said.

The shopkeeper coughed politely.  "One in three million," he informed them.

"Oh yeah," Leah said and laughed.  "Million, billion, it's still a long shot I guess.  But we could maybe win the smaller prizes."

"Maybe," Tom said and grinned as he picked his numbers with practised speed.  They bought their tickets and left the shop.

"I'm just saying that the lottery would be more interesting if there was a real chance of winning something good," Tom said as they walked down the 
street.

"What if there was?  What if, whoever got closest to the first number - between us two - won something?" Leah suggested.

"Like what?"

"The winner gets to tie up the loser - with no limits," Leah said, a wicked smile creeping across her lips.  "No safe-word."

"No limits?" Tom said, breathlessly.  Leah nodded, and there was something in her smile that made him hesitate.  She leaned across until she was so 
close that he could feel her warm breath on his ear.

"You could do whatever you wanted to me, and I wouldn't stop you."

"No limits is a bit, erm - well, it's a big step isn't it?" Tom said nervously.  "Maybe we should work up to it."

"What do you suggest?" Leah said, slight irritation in her voice.  'Some limits' did not have the poetry of 'no limits'.

"No permanent harm, and no-one else involved," Tom said.  Leah cocked her head, considering this.  It sounded reasonable, but not restrictive.

"Ok," she said.  "But still no safe-word.  Is that a deal then?"  She knew, at the back of her mind, that she had not thought this through yet.  She 
knew that she should be as cautious as Tom about it, but she had the idea in her head now.

"Give me a few days to think about it," he told her, and she took the opportunity to agree so that she could think about it as well.

* * *

What had remained unsaid between them was the obvious result if Leah lost.  Tom had always made plain his interest in anal sex, something he had not 
done before but was very keen to engage in.  Leah had made it similarly clear that she did not want to do it.  So far in their relationship, they had 
remained at that impasse - but now, if Tom won, he would finally be able to achieve what he wanted.

Leah considered this as she lay on her side in bed, her fingers hovering near her ass.  She wondered what it would be like if Tom won and 
consequently forced his way inside her.  Would it bleed as if she had been cut?  Or would it merely be a dull ache that lasted for a long time?  Would 
she ever get over it?

Tom always seemed ok with it, but maybe it hurt him and he just did not let on.  For while Leah was resistant to having her ass penetrated, Tom loved 
the idea.  Leah was happy to oblige by using a strap-on when she was in charge, and it was quite fun to be let loose like that.  It made Leah feel 
slightly more guilty - her boyfriend was happy to take it in the ass but she was not.  Now, there was a fifty percent chance - assuming Tom agreed to 
the proposal - that she would find out what it felt like.  Somehow, it felt like it would be the end to the current period in their relationship.

* * *

Tom wondered what Leah would choose to do.  She would surely fuck his ass, in a form of pre-emptive imaginary revenge for what he would have done to 
her.  But she would surely not leave it at that - he knew that she would try to make the most of an opportunity.  She always did - it was one of the 
things he loved about her.  He might end up knowing the end of a whip - or a paddle, or a flog - for the first time as she experimented.

She would be able to get at him in other ways though.  She knew all his foibles, all his weaknesses.  With simply words she would be able to lay him 
bare.  No limits to stop her doing what she liked, to mentally dominate him.  The thought chilled him more than the whip and he tried to put it from 
her mind.  Surely she would not be malicious - attack him without reason.  She would just look to get what she wanted, surely?

Tom could not make up his mind.  He logged on to the BDSM forum that he regularly visited.  He made a small post explaining roughly what had been 
proposed, and his quandary over whether to accept Leah's offer.  
He felt a little guilty going to other people for advice on the matter - when it felt like it should be between him and Leah - but he believed it was 
a big decision and he wanted to hear what other people had to say about it.

The first few replies that trickled in over the ensuing hours advised him that it was his decision, and he should consider why he was afraid.  Which 
did not really help Tom at all.  He knew why he was afraid, but should he do it?  The first useful reply was from a user he recognised - Bookman, a 
nerdy type who was usually interesting and helpful, if strange.

Consider it logically, Bookman suggested - risks vs rewards.  Given that there was an equal chance of winning or losing, were the rewards gained 
from winning greater than the penalty of losing?  It was obvious, but it at least helped Tom think about it.  He considered it for a while and then 
composed his reply:

Thanks, but that isn't as easy as it sounds.  I'm not sure how good the rewards will be until I've tried them (it would be my first time at 
that particular activity), and I'm not sure what the bad outcome might be, or how bad it is until it's happened.  So I'm a bit stuck still.  Tom.

The reply was quick:

In that case, logic isn't much help.  Follow your instinct!  Bookman.

Tom sighed and tried to work out what his instinct suggested.

* * *

At first Leah was so preoccupied by thoughts of losing that she did not think about what she might do if she won.  Finally she realised that she 
needed a plan for if she won.  She had been worried for days by thoughts of what Tom might do to her, and so when she thought about what she might do 
to him, she took the no limits part to heart.

She would fuck Tom hard in the ass until he begged her to stop.  That much was obvious.  She wanted something more spectacular though.  Some sort of 
paddle would help there.  He would lick her pussy repeatedly during the evening, but that was again obvious.  Leah wanted something grand that Tom 
never would have even thought of, let alone agreed to.  This dilemma helpfully took her mind off losing, and occupied her for several days.

During the week neither of them spoke to the other about it.  Despite it being a significant decision that only concerned the two of them, they both 
came to the conclusion that it was not something they could discuss with each other.  Because of this, they did not even speak to each other during 
the week, both feeling too awkward to contact the other at all.

When they met again the following Saturday they were both obviously nervous.  They had bought their tickets separately, and both produced them once 
they had sat on the plush white sofa, laying them on the elegant coffee table in front of them.

"Is that a yes?" Leah asked.  Tom nodded.  Their gazes briefly met and then rushed apart, like magnets repelling each other when they get too close.  
Leah turned and switched on the television.  They waited as the build-up to the lottery draw commenced.

"So it's whoever has a number closest to the first ball that comes out, right?" Leah asked.

"Yep.  If it's a draw, presumably we use the second ball and so on."

"Sounds sensible," Leah agreed.  They were silent for an awkward length of time until Leah spoke again.  "I'm really nervous," she admitted.

"Me too," Tom agreed, and he turned round to hug her.  The embraced on the sofa, releasing some of the tension in the room.

"Oooh, the balls are going!" shouted Leah and they both quickly turned back to watch the screen, snatching up their respective lottery tickets.

The first ball rolled out of the giant spinning machine and both of them checked their numbers frantically.

"How far are you away?" Tom asked.

"Four," Leah admitted.

"Two," Tom said with a big grin, holding out his ticket as proof.

"Well done," Leah said, the statement hollow.  "So what is your command, master?"

"Don't call me master," Tom said dismissively.  "Well, I'm pretty hungry, so if you are as well then let's do some cooking."

* * *

Leah sat down at the table in the living room, as Tom carried in the food.

"When you'd mentioned a meal, I must admit I envisaged me cooking it and then sitting down to eat it in my underwear while tied to the chair," she 
explained nervously as she looked at the delicious food - nervous because there was still time for Tom to implement the latter aspect.  Against her 
expectations, she had sat in the kitchen while Tom had cooked them a delicious-looking meal of chicken with various vegetables and a sauce that seemed 
to have hundreds of different ingredients.  Leah licked her lips in anticipation as Tom began to put the food on the plates.  It smelt wonderful.

"Just because there's no limits doesn't mean I'm out to use you," Tom said.  "I love you."

"I love you too," Leah told him as he finished serving the food.  They chatted while they ate, and at points Tom forgot that he was supposed to be in 
charge this evening.  However, Leah could not completely push the thought from her mind.  The meal was wonderful though, tasting as good as it looked 
and smelt.

"You can help me load the dishwasher now," Tom told Leah when they had completely finished.  "But I think you can keep your clothes on for now," he 
added with a laugh.

"Very gracious of you," Leah said dryly as she carried the plates over.

They returned to the living room once they had finished, where Tom sat down on the sofa.  He re-ran through his plan in his mind.  Not all of it felt 
very dominant, but it was what he would enjoy.  And that was surely the point this evening - to take charge and take what he wanted.  Even better, 
Leah would enjoy quite a bit of it.  He smiled, and realised that Leah was watching him, waiting to find out what she should do.

"Go into the bedroom and find the toys," Tom told her.  "Bring back: the medium 
butt plug, some lube, a towel, the ankle and wrist cuffs."  Leah swallowed hard, but nodded.  Her stomach was churning with nerves as she got up and 
went to the bedroom.  The medium butt plug!  Would she be able to take that straight away?  How long would he make her keep it in?  She would find out 
soon enough.  She rifled through their box of sex toys until she found everything that Tom had asked for.  This was the real start to the evening that 
she had been waiting for.

Leah returned and handed over the goods to Tom, her hands trembling slightly.  He put them on the sofa beside him.  "Kneel in front of me and take 
off your blouse," he told her.  Leah carefully knelt between his legs and slowly undid the buttons.  Her shaking hands made the task harder than 
usual, but she worked steadily until finally she had removed the troublesome garment.  Tom grinned.

"I love looking at your tits," he said as he gazed at Leah's soft breasts, pushed up perfectly by her bra.  "Now, take off my trousers and underwear 
for me."  Tom spread his arms to the side as Leah leaned forward to unbutton and unzip Tom's trousers.  She knew he was staring at her breasts still, 
and she puffed her chest out to give him a slightly better view from above.

Tom elevated his hips as Leah wrestled his clothes off, leaving him naked from the waist down.  Tom's cock was lying casually on his chest, as if it 
were sleeping.  His groin was entirely hairless; after they began going out, Tom and Leah had discovered that they both preferred the other to be 
devoid of the normal covering of pubic hair, and so now they always remained bare for each other.  Tom grabbed the towel and put it beneath him 
on the sofa.  Leah frowned slightly.

"Ok, insert the butt-plug for me," Tom said.  "Into me," he added, to avoid confusion.  Leah felt relief wash over her.  She rolled a condom 
onto the plug - it made things so much easier afterwards.  She picked up the lube and 
squirted some onto her fingers as Tom slid down in his seat to give her better access to his ass.  He knew it was not a classically dominant thing to 
do, but he enjoyed having his ass filled, so why not when he was in charge.  In which case, it made sense to have his submissive sort out the 
particulars.  He smiled as he felt Leah's slick finger slide into his ass and twirl around.

His cock began to stiffen as the finger was withdrawn and the tip of the plug was pressed against his opening.  "Why is my cock in the open air?" he 
asked accusingly.  Both hands engaged with the plug, Leah leaned over Tom's groin and awkwardly put her mouth against the head of his limp cock.  
Using her tongue and a well-timed inward breath, she manoeuvred his cock into her mouth, swallowing his entire flaccid length.  She could feel it 
swelling inside her mouth as she firmly pushed the plug into Tom.  She backed off slightly to avoid gagging, and began the familiar motions with her 
tongue that would arouse him.

"Not so fast, you little cockslut," Tom said jovially.  "Stand up and take off your trousers and panties."  Leah wiped her hands on the towel and 
stood up, undressing slowly just as Tom liked her to do.  She slowly slid her trousers down her legs, revealing first her simple white panties, and 
then her creamy thighs, and finally dropped her trousers to the floor and stepped out of them.  She faced away from him while she pulled the back of 
her panties down over her ass, and when she was sure he had had a good look, she turned round and pulled the front down to reveal her bald pussy 
before bending over, letting Tom see her breasts, as she removed the underwear and straightened up again.  "Put on the wrist cuffs," Tom said, trying 
not to get distracted by her mostly-naked body just yet.

"Should I take off my socks and bra?" Leah asked.  She presumed she should, but wanted to make sure that was what Tom intended.

"No," Tom decided.  "Leave them on."  For some reason, the idea of her keeping a couple of clothes on amused him.  Once Leah had put the wrist cuffs 
on herself - a tricky feat - Tom made her put the ankle cuffs on him, which served to confound her expectations for the second time that evening.  She 
soon found out the reason when Tom stood up, took off his jumper, and told her to lie on the floor on her back, a cushion under head and under 
her bottom.  He 
stood behind her head and bent down to join together his ankle cuffs with her wrist cuffs.  It was the most fun way to keep her arms pinned down, he 
had decided.  His legs would keep her wrists just where he wanted them.  He shuffled backwards until her arms were stretched far behind her head, and 
then he carefully knelt down over her.

Leah watched as Tom leaned over her, his semi-erect cock dangling down from his groin.  She automatically opened her mouth as he guided the head 
downwards into her waiting maw.

"I'll stop licking when I come," Tom told her from somewhere further down her body, and Leah realised that they were going to form a 69.  Tom grinned 
as he looked down on Leah's pussy.  He tenderly pushed apart the crack in the soft bare skin to reveal her gorgeous cunt.  He bowed his head and 
pressed his tongue against her exposed womanhood.

Leah gasped as Tom began licking.  This was turning out to be a more enjoyable evening than she had anticipated.  She turned her mind to trying to 
work out what to do with Tom.  There was little room for manoeuvre where she was, but he was high enough above her and the cushion had enough give 
in it that she could attempt some imitation of a blowjob by just moving her mouth.  Not that she wanted to finish too quickly anyway, she realised, as 
Tom found a sweet spot that caused her to moan.

Tom was enjoying himself.  His ass was full, his cock was in Leah's mouth and he was tasting her pussy.  And she could not move.  What more could he 
want?  He realised the answer was literally right in front of him, as he watched Leah's juices overflowing her pussy and streaking away.  He pushed 
her legs apart with her hands, and she yielded to his direction.  He pushed his middle finger between her buttocks and found the small dimple of her 
ass, now slick with the excretions of her vagina.

Leah felt Tom's finger slide into her ass and the nervous feeling in her stomach returned.  She had let him do this a few times before, but tonight it 
had implications that she was dreading.  She knew that she could not do anything about it and so she tried to concentrate on her slow blowjob for Tom.  
She was mostly using her tongue on his tip, but occasionally she would lift her head to slide her mouth up his penis and then back down again.

Tom savoured the feeling of Leah's warm ass gripping his finger.  The tightness - the sensation of her pressing all around his finger - was always 
good.  Tonight it was improved by the knowledge that later on, his dick would be experiencing the same sensations.  Leah tried to ignore the 
presence of Tom's finger in her ass and focus instead on the commendable job his tongue was doing up and down her slit.  Things only got better as two 
fingers from Tom's other hand slid inside her cunt, and she groaned loudly in appreciation.

Leah began speeding up her blowjob as Tom's fingers - in both openings - began alternately thrusting in and out.  A proper slut, she thought to 
herself: all three holes filled and loving it.   Tom was enjoying the way that Leah was squirming around beneath him as he relentlessly finger fucked 
her, while his tongue worked frantically on her clitoris to try to finish her off.  Leah groaned loudly, her tongue humming against his dick as she 
reached her climax, her vaginal and anal muscles spasming wonderfully against Tom's fingers.

A few seconds later, Leah was shouting loudly and squirming around beneath him again as he kept on licking her exposed pussy, post-orgasm.  She 
suddenly remembered what he had said: "I'll stop licking when I come."  While her lower body thrashed around to try to escape him, his fingers still 
inside her - now very uncomfortably - she tried as hard as she could to make Tom come.  Thankfully, with his head still buried in her pussy - which 
she knew turned him on - it did not take long.

Tom stopped licking and threw his head up to moan as he felt his come spilling into Leah's mouth.  He had deliberately not warned her and so she 
almost gagged at first, but recovered her composure enough to manage to swallow his load in the awkward position they were in.  She lay back and relaxed as 
Tom finally removed all his fingers and let her rest.

Once they were free of each other Tom made her remove the plug from him and dispose of the condom before they both redressed and sat on the sofa 
together, resting.

"Enjoy that?" Tom asked, not wanting an awkward silence.

Leah nodded.  "I'm guessing we're not done yet?"

Tom shook his head.  Leah nodded curtly in acknowledgement, trying not to show any emotion.

"What's the matter?" Tom asked, sensing Leah's nerves.

"It's just - well, I'm worried about what's going to happen later.  That I'll get hurt," she explained.  They both knew what she was referring to.  
Leah did not know what else to say.  She knew she could not ask him to do it - it had been inevitable since their agreement was made.  She felt stupid 
for even bringing it up.

"Come here," Tom said, and he pulled her to him and hugged her, trying to reassure her.  "It doesn't have to hurt.  I'll build up slowly and be 
gentle."

"I don't want you to prolong it," Leah protested.  She waited a moment so that she was calm, and then added: "But you can do whatever you like."

"I could play with your ass for hours without stopping if I wanted," Tom said.  It was not said as a taunt, or a boast or thread, merely a statement 
of fact.  Leah nodded humbly.

"But right now, all I want to do is kiss you," Tom said, and pulled them both on to their sides.  Tom held Leah close so that she would not slip off 
the sofa and they kissed endlessly as if they were teenagers again.

"I love you," Tom said genuinely during one of the few pauses.

"I know," she replied, and they smiled at each other.

"Now, go and run us both a bath," Tom said, slapping her bottom.  Leah laughed at his cheek and got up from the sofa.  "Make it hot, and extra foamy!" 
Tom called after her as she left the room.  He checked the time - it was just gone 9PM.  Doing fine, he thought to himself as he stretched out on the 
sofa.

* * *

"It's ready," Leah said and Tom realised that he had dozed off for a few minutes.  "Towels are ready and everything.  It's almost cool enough to 
get in."

They walked to the bathroom, which was hot and humid.  Tastefully-neutral pink tiles covered the wall around the bath, which had gained a foot 
in height due to the volume of foam.  All the mirrors and the window were misted up.  Tom shut the door and walked up behind Leah, who was awaiting 
his instruction.  He began softly kissing her neck as he put his arms around her waist.  She let her head loll to one side to give him better access 
as she put her hands behind her and tousled his hair.  She melted into him, barely noticing him unbuttoning her blouse.  He moved his hands behind her 
back and swiftly unclasped her bra.  Leah put her arms down, shaking them to encourage the bra to fall to the floor.

Tom gently spun her round and clasped her to him, kissing her forehead.

"Want me to do you?" Leah asked but he shook his head.  He moved slowly down her body, planting kisses randomly on her bare breasts and stomach until 
he got down level with her waist.  Leah looked down as he undid her trousers and let them drop to the floor.  He planted a long kiss on the front of her 
panties while his arms caressed her thighs.  When he finished he looked up at her with a happy smile.

He helped her out of her socks but left her panties on as he stood up.  "Strip me completely naked," he said ebulliently.  Leah quickly stripped him 
off - whereas he liked her to undress slowly, she knew that Tom liked her to undress him quickly - ending up in front of him on her knees.  She looked 
at his still-limp cock and looked up at Tom questioningly.  He shook his head and she stood up again.

"I want you to go and get fetch some items," Tom told her, and explained the clothes he wanted her to get ready for wearing after the bath, and also 
added a blindfold to the list.  He took the opportunity to use the bathroom before she returned.  When she did, Leah put the clothes on the floor 
neatly and Tom told her to take off her panties and get in the bath.  She sat down in the bath and he blindfolded her before following her in.  The 
bath was large enough for two, but no bigger.  Tom slipped in behind Leah so that she sat between his legs, leaning back on him.

They remained there for some time.  Deprived of her vision, Leah simply luxuriated in the relaxing feeling of the water, and let her weight rest on 
Tom, who held her in his arms, sometimes stroking her body idly without sexual intent.  After a while he began massaging her shoulders and Leah moaned 
involuntarily at the release of the tension.  By the time Tom finished, she was completely relaxed.

"Now you can do the same for me," Tom said, and Leah shuffled backwards as Tom got up and walked round to sit down in front of her, generating loud 
sloshing noises as the water began running backwards and forwards in the bath like waves.  She blindly felt for him and then began working on his 
shoulders.  He smiled as her fingers worked their magic.

"Time for the soap," he said when he had had enough.  He helped Leah stand up and then began rubbing soap all over her body, front then back.  She 
smiled as he paid particular attention to lathering her breasts, although he largely skipped past her vagina.  When her front was covered in greasy 
soap he helped her turn round and began the same process on her back.  She was made to lean forward and put her hands against the wall to steady herself 
while Tom spent a long time on her ass, massaging soap into her buttocks but also rubbing firmly inside her crack.  She made no comment, and finally 
he finished there and went on to her legs.

After she felt like she was encased in soap, Tom helped her sit down again and he rubbed all of it off.  Leah blindly returned the whole favour, doing 
a patchwork but effective job of lathering Tom.  She felt him grow hard while she lathered his cock but she was not told to pleasure him, and so she 
ignored it and simply cleaned him.

"I think we're done " Tom said when he had finally been cleaned of all the soap.  It was the first words either of them had spoken for some time.  
Leah held her eyes closed as he removed her blindfold, and felt him get out of the bath with a large whoosh of water while she slowly opened her eyes.  
Tom handed her a towel when she was ready, and she stepped out of the shower and dried herself.  He waited for her, his body now dry and his towel 
wrapped around his waist.

"Stop," Tom said as she reached for her clothes.  "Legs apart, hands against the wall."  Leah did as she was told, and Tom knelt behind her.  He began 
kissing her bottom, worshipping her soft round cheeks with his mouth, gently planting kisses all over.  He spread her buttocks with his hands and 
stared hungrily at her small little hole.  Emboldened by his resultant arousal, Tom pushed his face forward and felt for her recessed opening with his 
tongue.  Leah was surprised as she felt his tongue hit the target.  She was clean, but it was not something Tom had done before in any circumstance.  
She found it a little ticklish, and ultimately - to her surprise - faintly erotic.

Tom's prick was rock-hard by the time he finished, and it was obvious beneath the towel when Leah turned round to dress.  She was to wear what she 
always thought of as her "special" underwear - a deep red bra and matching thong.  She hated thongs, but she had bought this underwear one Valentine's 
Day to wear for Tom and she had only worn it occasionally ever since - usually in situations like this, where Tom made her do so.  He usually ended up 
fucking her while she still wore it.

The blouse was one she had bought optimistically - it was too small for her at the moment (she had planned to lose some weight in order to wear it), 
but it made her breasts look huge.  The skirt was a result of a shopping trip with Tom.  While looking for a smart skirt for work, she had tried this 
one on.  Once on, it was obviously too short for work but Tom had seen her in it and told her to buy it alongside the skirt she eventually went for.  
Hence she owned a very short, but smart, skirt that Tom loved to see her in.  She looked somewhere between a sexy - but not slutty - secretary, and a 
sultry schoolgirl.

"Are we role-playing?" Leah asked, her curiosity getting the better of her.

"Not tonight," Tom told her.  "But what's the point in a beautiful present if it doesn't have some attractive wrapping to rip off?"  He grinned, and 
Leah could not help but do the same.  "Accompany me to the sitting room my dear," he said, feigning a posh accent, and they walked through the flat 
together, Tom still wearing only his towel.

"Are you enjoying yourself?" Tom asked as they sat on the sofa.  It had become cordial between them to occasionally ask such a question when 
dominating the other.  The answer would not make any difference to whatever the dominant person was doing, but they usually asked anyway to be polite.

"Yeah," Leah said, puzzlement showing in her voice.

"What's up?" Tom asked, curious.

"I'm just surprised that's all.  So far it's been amazing.  But, I mean, you could have done this any time.  Nothing so far has been beyond my 
limits - or even that near them, to be honest."

"I told you before.  Having no limits doesn't mean you have to just do what you like," Tom said.

"I know," Leah said, feeling a pang of guilt at what she had planned for him if she had won their bet.

"The thing is," Tom continued, seeing that was still not satisfied.  "I could say, get you to suck me off, and then hold your head down so that you 
deep-throated and were gagging and nearly throwing up, but I don't think I'd particularly enjoy doing that.  And same for most of the really extreme 
things I could think of - not very appealing to me.  I'd rather just play with you, you know?"

"Ok," Leah said.
<p.
"Now," Tom grinned mschieviously as he paused, "Bend over the sofa and hold your skirt up, my little sub."  Leah did as she was told, holding the 
sides of her skirt up as she knelt down in front of the sofa and bent over so that her face was in the crease of the sofa by the back cushions.  Tom 
picked up the plug from where it had been left earlier and rolled a new condom down over it.  He then lubricated his finger, and while he used one 
hand to hold the thong aside, he pushed his finger between Leah's gorgeous exposed cheeks and forcefully slid it inside her ass.  Leah moaned, and he 
revelled once more in the tightness, the suffocating feeling on his finger.

How many fingers would she need, he wondered, before she was ready for the plug.  At least two certainly.  Maybe three - or maybe not.  The plug was 
not big, maybe half to two-thirds the girth of his own cock.  Although as he knew from his own experience, the sensation was not exactly a linear 
scale.  It would still be a step-up from the plug to his dick.  So two fingers were ideal, but he did not have to do it.  He was in charge, this was 
no limits, and he could do what he liked.  He could make it too much for her, show her his influence over her.  He pulled out his finger and aimed the 
tip of the plug at her ass.

Tom pushed, gradually forcing the tapered plug inside her.  Leah began breathing heavily as the tip was eased inside, openly panting.  She grunted as 
the plug was pushed further inside, and then changed to a keening noise, a long groan of discomfort that ended with a shout as Tom pushed the last 
part in, and her ass seized upon the plug as Leah lurched to the end of her short ordeal.

"Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmppppphhhhh," she said, as if gagged, no words forming to express the feeling of pain in her ass as it struggled to both recover from 
the pain of the insertion and also cope with the invader lodged inside it.

"Turn round and sit on the sofa with your hands on your knees," Tom said brightly, as if he had not noticed Leah's reaction.  Leah did as she was told 
and she turned to sit on the sofa, placing her hands delicately on her knees.  Tom went to the bedroom and returned with some chains which he 
began threading under the sofa.

"How does that feel?" he asked plainly as he knelt in front of Leah and fed a chain along.

"Slightly painful and very uncomfortable," she said, her tone more one of resignation than of anger.  She was continually squirming in her seat, and 
longed to reach underneath her and yank out the plug.  She gripped her knees tightly.  She hoped that when Tom had finished doing the chains that she 
would be allowed to remove it, but she knew it was far more likely to be left in.

Tom finished with the chain and made sure that he had everything he needed from the bedroom.  "Ok, get up and take off your skirt and thong," Tom 
said, realising that they would impede the next part of his plan.  Leah got up and took them off slowly, sliding them teasingly down her legs.  
Despite her dislike of her predicament, she still knew what was expected of her.  "Now kneel on the sofa, facing the back."  Leah did so, causing her 
bottom to be stuck out prominently behind her.  Tom caressed her bottom before spreading it wide to look at the base of the plug.  He grinned at the 
sight of it.

He stood and tied her wrists to the chain, so that they were pulled out to the armrests of the sofa, attached together via the long chain underneath 
the sofa that ran from one side to the other.  Leah's head was just accessible above the back on the sofa, and he put on her a gag and a blindfold.  
Leah waited for him to make his next move.  He walked back behind the sofa and picked up the vibrator.  It was the most popular design, a long 
shaft with a clitoral attachment - in the shape of an animal - forking from the bottom.  He daubed the head with some lube and then manoeuvred it 
between Leah's feet to the entrance of her vagina, where he teased her by running the head up and down the length of her slit a few times.

Leah tensed as the dildo was forced into her unprepared vagina, opening it wide.  She was grateful for the few moments she was given to recover while 
Tom arranged the vibrator and Leah into the right position.  He flicked on the switch for the attachment and it began humming.  He gripped the base 
tightly in his hand.

"I want you to ride this dildo for me, slut," Tom called over the buzzing.  Leah responded by using her knees to allow her to slide up and down the 
dildo.  Tom had ankled it correctly, and when she reached the base, the attachment touched her clitoris and she received a brief reward.  She began 
shuffling slightly at the bottom of her stroke to get the vibrator in the right spot.  Tom thought about stopping her, but the little movement made 
her ass jiggle in a wonderful way, showing the plug, and so he just watched.

"If I was you, I wouldn't make myself come," Tom warned and Leah knew from the tone of his voice that it would not be pleasant for her if she came.  
Not because Tom was likely to hurt her in retaliation, but because he would continue with his plan regardless and there were some things that were 
more pleasurable - or rather, not as painful - if they were experienced before orgasm rather than after.  He had demonstrated that earlier in the 
evening while licking her clitoris.

With his free hand, Tom slowly stroked his dick while he watched.  He was concerned that he had been so hard for such a long time that when it came to 
do his part, he would go limp.  However, with this show in front of him, it seemed unlikely.  Leah groaned as she came down hard on the dildo and the 
vibration found exactly the right spot.

"You like that don't you, you little slut," Tom said, and Leah moaned in agreement, an admission that he was right.  "I bet you do," Tom said, and he 
carefully but quickly pulled the dildo away.  Still holding the dildo, he pulled Leah's hips backwards and her feet stumbled as they hit the floor, 
her body pulled until her torso was horizontal, her knees on the floor.   

"You like being fucked by it, little whore," Tom said as he pushed the dildo back in and began thrusting it in and out.  He loved seeing her ass in 
this position, sticking out into the air.  The plug, visible in the centre, was the perfect accoutrement.  Suddenly Tom pulled the dildo out and used 
his other hand to swiftly guide his hard cock in its place.  He pushed himself into her, not wanting to go too fast and spoil the feeling.  He groaned 
louder than Leah did as he felt her warmth around him, felt her tender derriere cushion his abdomen.

He slowly drew back out and pushed in again, watching with glee as his cock, slick with her juices - held apart her massively swollen labia and slid 
in beneath her bottom.  He savoured the sight a few more times before suddenly changing to long, hard fast thrusts into his helpless girlfriend.  Leah 
grunted loudly each time he reached the end - the pleasurable sensation of Tom thrusting inwards became too much for her at the end, where his cock 
seemed to go too deep, and his body also pushed against the plug, reminding her sharply of its unpleasant presence.

Tom did not care about this, and simply pounded her, driven by his increasing arousal.  He put his hands on the side of her bottom, and put his thumbs 
towards the centre, using them to hold apart her buttocks so that he could look at the plug as he thrust, the first time he had ever been able to put 
a toy in her ass while they fucked.  It was one of his long-held fantasies, and Leah suffered for it, as the spreading of her bottom allowed him to 
push the plug more harshly into her on each thrust.  She buried her head in the sofa, hoping that he would not last much longer.

It was a relief when she heard him shouting loudly and he buried himself deep inside her, releasing his semen with long moans.  He pulled out of her, 
and Leah realised that she was still very aroused, despite the downsides of the furious intercourse.   As if he had read her thoughts, Tom reached 
his hand between her legs and began stimulating her clitoris.  Leah groaned her approval, and she subtly shifted her hips to maximise her pleasure.  
She could feel his come washing back out of her, and the plug in her ass still ached, but she ignored all of that and concentrated on her approaching 
orgasm.  When she came it was not wild or ecstatic, but a long slow release of tension, as if Tom had been massaging deep inside her and relaxed her 
entire body.

Leah heard Tom get up and walk around in front of her.  Her blindfold was removed and she blinked rapidly as Tom also removed her gag with one hand.  
When she could see properly he held up his other hand in front of her.  His fingers were wet with what looked to be a mixture of her juices and his, 
a coating of semen and her own lubrication.  Tom held his fingers in front of her face.

Leah looked up at him defiantly and then, without looking away or her expression changed, she snapped her head forward and took his fingers in her 
mouth in one motion.  She continued to look into his eyes as she slid away, licking some of the mess off with her tongue and scraping off the rest of 
the sticky, salty solution with her lips.  When she had finished Tom held up his limp dick, which was covered in the same mixture.  He moved forward 
and she took in her mouth, cleaning it of the by-product of their adventures.

Tom ruffled her hair genially and then set about freeing her.  He removed the plug from her ass - which was finally allowed to relax, although it 
still ached.  "Go and get cleaned up and ready for bed," Tom told her as he cleared up all the toys.  Leah did so, realised that she had a sudden urge 
to use the bathroom, and when she returned she got into bed while Tom went to clean his teeth.  "Naked," was the only thing he said as they passed 
each other.

Tom returned from the bathroom to find Leah naked beneath the covers as he had instructed.  He slid into bed and pulled her on top of him.  They 
kissed repeatedly, thoughts of sex far from their minds.  They caressed each other romantically as they rolled back and forth in the bed, 
confirming their love with endless long kisses.  The room was completely dark, and they experienced each other only through their mouths, their 
tongues and their hands.  No words were said.  Finally they ended up on their sides, Tom spooning Leah, holding her naked body to him, stroking her 
hair reassuringly.  They dozed into sleep.

* * *

Leah was awoken by Tom gently rocking her.  It did not feel like she had been asleep for long but there was not a visible clock nearby to confirm 
that. She rolled over to look at Tom's face.  The room was dimly lit by the bedside lamp on the other side of the bed.  They were both still naked, 
and Leah could see the desire in Tom's eyes.  It was finally time.  To her surprise, she was no longer worried.

"It doesn't have to hurt," Tom re-iterated, not realising that Leah's nerves had vanished.

"I want it to," she told him sincerely.  She could not find the words to explain why, but she wanted this humble act of submission - that felt to her 
like the ultimate, final submission - to hurt.  Tom nodded, realising that she was serious.

Tom held up a gag.  Leah said nothing, but simply opened her mouth.    Tom pushed the rubber ball into her mouth and she raised her head to allow him 
to buckle the strap.  Tom looked down her beautiful body - naked, except for the gag.   She looked very sexy, and he was almost tempted to just take 
her right there.  The brief sleep had definitely returned his arousal.

"Hands and knees," he said softly, reminding himself of his intentions.  Leah rolled over and adopted the position.  "Don't move, no matter what," 
Tom told her, and Leah realised that he was not going to tie her up.  At least if she was tied up, she knew she could not resist.  If she was tied up, 
she was being forced into it against her will.  But like this - free - it was as if she was agreeing to it, agreeing to what she did not want him to 
do.  And yet, she did not move away.  She waited for him to do what he desired.  He would get what he wanted from her.

Tom lubricated his finger and slipped it inside Leah's ass.  Despite his use of the plug earlier, she was still as tight as she had ever been.  His 
cock needed no help to be ready - it was already fully hard at the thought of what he was about to do.  He knew how he should properly prepare her 
ass, gently stretching it with fingers and toys until it was ready to accept his cock.  He knew this, as he lathered his cock in an excess of 
lubricant.  He knew it as he guided his cock to her ass and gripped her hips with one hand while he used the other to help push his dick against her 
ass.  Her closed opening resisted him for a long time, and Tom was beginning to wonder if this was not going to work when suddenly she was forced open 
and he slid into her.

Leah did not scream as he pushed his way inside her.  It hurt, a fire of pain lighting up inside her as he penetrated her.  She ground her teeth on 
the ball-gag as he forced his way deeper.  His hands were on her bottom then, performing an out-of-place soothing massage to ease her discomfort.  
Suddenly she burst into tears.

Even if speech not been prevented by the gag, she could not have explained those tears.  The tears were pain, and they were love, and they were 
sorrow and yet they were joy.  As he painfully violated the most intimate and guarded part of Leah, Tom drew her body up to him and held her, both 
of them upright on their knees on the bed.  He did not hide his happy panting as he enjoyed the feeling of her wonderfully tight ass squeezing his 
dick, trying to crush him in retaliation for what he was doing.

Leah sobbed while Tom wiped away her tears, holding her tenderly in his arms as his cock finally stopped pushing inside her - for it had gone as far 
as it could.  Leah reached behind her and placed her hands on Tom's hips, lightly drawing him towards her.  He began slowly rocking his pelvis, moving 
his dick in and out of her in slow jerks.  It hurt, and not in an arousing masochistic way like the bite of a whip or the thwack of a paddle.  It just 
hurt.

Tom nuzzled her neck and she could feel his heavy breathing as he slowly fucked her in the ass.  His light butterfly kisses on her neck were in stark 
contrast to the pain he was causing down below and she barely noticed his hands grasping her breasts as she held tighter onto his hips.  Leah was 
grateful when Tom paused for a few moments, hoping that it would give her a chance to recover.  However, the stinging sensation inside did not go away.

Tom picked up some bondage tape from where he had left it next to his knee and pulled Leah's arms behind her back, awkwardly taping her forearms 
together while trying to keep his balance.  He taped her arms so that they were both horizontal across her back, where they would not interfere with 
his thrusting.  He lowered Leah to the bed, until her weight was on her head, buried sideways in the soft covers of the bed.  He could hear her 
groaning through the gag as he held her hips and began thrusting again, slow long thrusts.

Tom would pull out as far as he could, and then push back in as deep as he could.  On a couple of occasions, Leah was able to eject his entire cock 
from her with an involuntary push, but this would only lead to being penetrated again.  Everything Tom did hurt, and so she did not care any longer 
how he fucked her.    She just longed for him to come.  Tom was beginning to want the same thing, to crown his exploration of anal sex with an orgasm.

Tom reached forward and grabbed the long curls of Leah's hair, using them to pull her head upwards from the bed.  He took a fist of her hair in each 
hand, and her head was forced back, leaving her looking at the wall in front of her.  Tom held her hair like reins and began thrusting in and out of 
her ass, as hard as he would in her vagina.  Leah shouted into her gag, a product of the pulling of her hair and the pounding of her ass proving to be 
intense.

Tom was enjoying the slap of her ass against his hips, the grip of her ass on his dick, the groans that Leah was making, the sight of her arms tied 
up.  He knew it was hurting her but he tried not to think of that as he frantically thrust backwards and forwards.  He was close now, and this was too 
much - too much pleasure for him to last.  He groaned loudly as he felt his come shoot forth into Leah's ass, his legs quivering as his climax rippled 
through his body.

He pulled out of Leah and found some tissues that he used to soak up the lubricant, tenderly sponging her ass as she remained 
kneeling on the bed.  When he had finished, he freed her and removed her gag.  Without saying anything she curled up on the bed underneath the covers.  
Tom finished cleaning up and then joined her in bed again, switching off the light.

"Are we done for the day?" Leah asked as Tom snuggled up behind her.  The feeling of him spooning her once more was immensely reassuring.

"Yes," Tom said.  "Are you ok?"

"Obviously my ass is gonna hurt for a while.  But otherwise - it's odd.  Somehow I felt that when we finally did it, that would be the end of 
something.  But now I don't think it is.  Maybe it's just the beginning instead."

"I see it's sent you into a reflective mood," Tom joked.

"I guess so."

"So how was it, with no limits?  Well, few."

"Not as bad as I'd feared.  In fact, not really bad at all.  You went further than I might have liked only once or twice, and one of those was partly 
because of me."

"Maybe we can throw away your safe-word," Tom suggested.

"Maybe," Leah said, considering the idea.  

"I wouldn't hurt you again like that," Tom told her.

Leah paused before speaking: "Maybe - maybe that's just all part of the territory," she mused.  "Although yes, trying to make it not painful would 
be a must in future.  Tonight was... special."

"I know."

"So what about your safe-word?  Ready to give it up?"

"I think we've reached an understanding, where that could be possible," Tom said circumspectly.  They said nothing more before they both fell asleep, 
weary from an energetic evening.

* * *

"Maybe I should take charge this evening, in return for last week," Leah suggested as they watched the lottery balls roll out of the machine 
the 
following week.

Tom got up before kneeling in front of Leah.

"Good boy.  Are you going to be mine then?" Leah said with a laugh.

"Til death do us part," Tom said solemnly, and suddenly she noticed the ring in his hand.  Her eyes went wide, and her mouth hung open.

"Will you marry me?" Tom asked, feeling that he should say the words.

"Yes.  Yes.  Yes, a thousand times over."  Tom got up, and Leah hugged him so hard that she fell off her chair and they both ended up lying sprawled 
on the floor.

"I love you," Leah said, and they kissed.  Then she added: "This isn't because you think you can have anal sex with me now is it - because I let you 
have my ass?"

"Of course it is.  Why else would I propose?" Tom said with a straight face.

"Hey!" Leah said, poking him in the side, and he could suppress his laughter no longer.  The indignant look on her face remained.

"Seriously, last week when we were talking afterwards, it made me realise that nothing stood between us any more.  We belong to each other, and it's 
time that we showed the world that.  I love you Leah, and I want to be your husband."

"And I will be your wife," Leah told him.  They both lay on the floor, smiling at each other.

* * * * *

If you liked this story, why not:


Write a review (or send me an email)
Check out my other stories




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Some Writer


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





