BDSM Library - As My Slave Softly Weeps




As My Slave Softly Weeps
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A short tale by a Domme Mistress and owner about some fun at night with her boy-toy












Very late at night when all else may be very hushed and quiet at the house it always makes me wonderfully happy and contented just to be able to hear the boy moaning and sobbing in deep aching frustration, or just weeping alone in some delightfully wicked and painful misery for me often through the darkness, as I lie in bed listening. It satisfies me deeply to know that I have caused him to hurt so badly for me and knowing it sometimes makes me shiver in an absolute ecstasy of sadistic dampness and excitement.

I will often reach for my vibrator and as I am laying there listening to his sweet agony I will pleasure myself.



Whenever he is to be allowed into my room to sleep on the floor, or at the foot of my bed I will usually ensure that first he has been quite completely broken and is already in tears. 

Then I will just talk softly to him as he lays there all tied up, in just, some frilly panties, socks and the ubiquitous ktb restrainer, gagged and often blindfolded on the rug..

Often I allow him the privilege to sleep in my room at night just so that I can watch and listen to him whimpering and sobbing as I drift off to sleep and he can hear me talking to him, almost as if he were a child,&nbsp; taunting and mocking him with a false sympathy in my voice.



"There, there little one ...does it still really hurt bad?&nbsp; ...Awww Sugar did the nasty ladies really sting my little boys sexy legs today?... never mind honey buns&nbsp; .. and guess what sweetie? .... tomorrow it's going to be even worse !"

Hearing his reactions to the news and the way he responds to my cold words makes me wet.&nbsp; 

Oh yes, sweetie hey but don't cry so. Yes, listen poppet, I'm afraid tomorrow is indeed going to be a whole hell of a lot worse." I giggle then, "Hehehe...but that's ok... Awww...just think about all the fun we are having...hehehe"

 

He is constantly squirming in his bondage by now and moaning loudly then starts sobbing fresh tears much to my delight. 

"Aww poor little babykins" I tell him, as I turn off the light

"Your sweet little bunzies must still be really very sore still huh?...&nbsp; and those long legs must ache and burn so bad...well sweetie I am going to sleep now so you had better be quiet... Ooooh listen to me sugar you better stop that crying or you might make me cross with you and you wouldn't want to do that would you?....Hmmmm?... awww so sweet... good night my sweet little toy and sweet dreams."

I do so love then just drifting off to sleep to the wonderful sounds of the youngster still snivelling and moaning, but trying to be quiet and still softly weeping in the dark of my room. 

Sometimes, though If he is a naughty little slave and won't be quiet when I tell him or perhaps just because I may be in the mood or he wakes me up I will put back on the light and do something else. 

Rising from my bed and approaching him perhaps feigning anger at being kept awake, I will temporarily release him from his bonds but leave his hands cuffed behind his back and his ankles tied together�only to pull him to his feet then take his ear and drag the wonderfully distraught youth hopping over to my bed, then sitting on the edge I will pull him right across my knees for a good spanking.

Pulling the frilly panties down to his knees, as he squirms and begs deliciously into his gag. I start talking to him as if he were a still just a naughty little boy of 10.

'Well, young man it seems you are intent on disobeying me tonight... I was dreaming wonderfully and you had the insolent nerve to wake me up ?"

Surveying the rosy and sore tight little round buns clenching on my lap I pick up my wooden hairbrush off the bedside table and press its cold hard flat back deep into his hot smooth flesh moving it around as I talk to him.

"So, here's what we are going to do.... KEEP STILL BOY.. and do stop that wiggling !"

I put down the brush and start feeling his hot buns with the palm of my hand rubbing and kneading the pliant flesh as I reach between his legs and gently take his swollen ball sac in my fingers before continuing.

"Since these balls seem to be so awfully swollen and blue, and my cock is so dreadfully painful there in its restrainer, making you squirm so much and make so much noise tonight I have decided that after I spank you I am going to release you from the KTB ! so you can sleep"

Savoring the young slut's reaction to these words of apparent coming kindness and seeing the desperately grateful look in his soulful eyes as he turns his head back to try and look up at me, I feel him then burst convulsively into a big flood of tears of relief. They roll off his face and fall to the floor.

Oh he is so grateful now to his Mistress I sigh to myself then wickedly smile.

"There sweetie, I say it will be all right very soon my pet" I will coo as I toy with him. Seeing his intense frustration, and licking my lips...I think its time to bring him back down to earth with a little reality check

"Yes my darling I am going to let it out of that nasty little restrainer but..."

My voice suddenly soon changes and has a very harsh edge as I add

"Of course only after you are nicely put into&nbsp; POSITION # 6.! FOR THE REST OF THE NIGHT ! "

At my words and as the implication of them sink in to his little blond head

I feel all at once the wriggling youth almost buck off me and scream into his gag since he now knows from experience what truly lies ahead for him and it's definitely not going to be pleasant for him or to his liking.



"First things first though boy," I say still rubbing his now madly-twisting buns and viciously wrenching his bound wrists further up his back to hold him still.&nbsp; Ignoring his desperation I muse aloud to myself....

"hmmm... now where was I?...."Oh yes I remember" 

As I say this I raise my hand and smack first one then the other clenching firm&nbsp; boy-buns before me again and again then it begins.

He will start to buck quite wildly then making futile little grunting sounds right into his gag with each loud impact of my hand on his sore buns and he's moaning constantly between them.

Smack smack smack smack SMACK.!!!

I vary the pace and the severity of my spanks as I now start to scold him.

"THERE take that... and that..did... you THINK for ONE... second..you NAUGHTY... BOY.. it was going to be that...EASY... well?.. DID!..YOU..?"

Punctuating my remarks now with rapid doses and then&nbsp; some slower but very VERY HARD spanks, I work on his buns and the backs of his tender thighs again and again and again.

"I&nbsp; ...WILL.. TEACH... YOU... TO... WAKE... ME... BOY! ... YOU LITTLE BRAT !"

"Now Keep STILL !!..." 

He is groaning and soon screaming almost and bucking wildly making muffled sounds into his gag...

"Oooooh Eghargh!...Noooooo Ohhhhh"

Again and again I spank his burning flesh for the next 10 minutes or so till it is extremely tenderized and fairly boiling and he is a broken sobbing wretch.

I lose track of time and eventually it is my own hand that stops me. My own palm is sore and starting to sting!

I pause, out of breath. This young boy-toy can certainly give me a workout.... but I am nowhere near done with him yet... and I pick up the hard wooden hairbrush...

Make him really squeal I think to myself and as I get my second wind I brutally start using the brush to do just that...still scolding him ruthlessly.

"Its... obvious to... me... BOY... that I have... been FAR.... too lenient with you these... last few days ....and its.... MADE.... YOU INTO A BRAT well...... from now on.... we... ARE... GOING.... to BEAT.... THE.... BRAT.... OUT.... of you!!..."

I then stopped talking to just spank his buns and the backs of his legs remorselessly all over again and again and again.

I did not forget his inner thighs either where he is always so tender and really pound him so that when I am at last done with this stage of his chastisement the round firm little teenage buns and the backs of his legs were throbbing an angry shade of crimson and purple from his waist to just above his knees

He had lost all coherence quite a while ago and just lay there absorbing what I dished out and yelping like a scalded dog then just lay there over my lap weeping very bitterly. 



I want a drink of water so I callously push him off my knees and stand up.

He falls to the floor with a thud and curls up in a fetal position&nbsp; still weeping nicely on his side with his hands and feet still tied. He is still bawling like a baby as I step over him. 

Talking to him still as I walk out to get some water I casually call back to him bitchily.

"I warned you didn't I boy that you would not want to make me angry but you just couldn't keep quiet could you? and now look where we are" 

Calling back to him from the sink as I run some cold water into a glass 

"You know... you're actually quite lucky that Susan and Sarah are both away right now or I might have them take you downstairs to the Den to Tawse or Cane you !"



"Oh I know young Sarah would just love to cane you now especially in your condition and I doubt very much you could take it."

I started walking back sipping the refreshing water and I could still hear him snivelling and moaning as I returned to the bedroom.

"Fortunately for you boy however I have you all to myself tonight...and I have other ...hmmm well different plans for you. So isn't that nice?"

I came and stood over him sipping my water

"Awww Poor little cry baby you look so cute lying there like that and crying your eyes out...Awww ..."

Standing over him I realized he was positively made for moments just like this. Here was this cute looking young blond teenage youth, my toy boy, my slave completely smooth and hairless rolling around on the floor in abject submission and agony with nothing more on him than some frilly panties, long white socks and a restrainer, and here was I His Mistress and owner, standing over him and relishing my power, drinking some nice cold water as I watched him squirm around on the floor of my bedroom.

Yes, I thought, life has been good to me. 

Watching the cutie slowly calm down I lapped up every last drop of his misery till he lay there just quietly sobbing.

My little toy seemed to be almost stopping entertaining me so I Imperiously put out my foot and casually kicked him in his thighs right where they seemed sorest.

He Yelped and started bucking again crying out in anguish and almost chocked on his own saliva.

I Laughed at his new distress and simply stepped up on to his legs pushing the backs of them deep into the rough carpet and causing some carpet burns to the tenderized flesh there and on his buns as he kept crawling along the carpet trying to avoid me as he squealed out. 

"does it hurt boy?" I pitilessly asked as I kept walking after him kicking and grinding his flesh with my foot.

Around the room we went me following like a cat after a trapped bird.

At last we came back to the bed and I knew before I went on with what I intended&nbsp; I had better pause and redeploy.



My mocking tone and voice returned.

" ....poor baby...you look so thirsty... get up here and let me give you a drink "

He tried to roll onto his knees wincing the whole time and because his ankles were still tied so I grabbed him by the hair pulled him up and threw him back onto my bed&nbsp; then climbed on next to him and removed his gag.



He started crying fresh tears then quite fully distraught and stuttering as he tried to beg me..

"Ooooh Pleeesse Mss... I am... sooo sorry... Owww !"

I guess the bed cover rubbed against his sore flesh and he winced again.

I think he thought I was about to pounce on him again and he seemed really scared.

"Mistress... Pleeasse no more..tonight ma'am...ooooh pppleeeas no more.."

He seemed genuinely happy that I was not going again into hurt mode quite yet and sobbed gratefully as I just lifted his head and offered him some water, which he gulped and swallowed greedily shaking the whole time and looking at my face searching for signs there as I just held the cup to his lips.



It seemed that every move of his was pure agony on the backs of his thighs and his buns now and I felt really pleased with myself that my little spanking had such an impact on him.

As he finished the last drop from the glass I put it to one side then stood up.

"Ma'am...thank you ...ma'am .." he remembered and it again pleased me that the kid was learning.

"Please don't no more tonight Ma'am" he started to plead and blubber.

"I'll be a good boy and won't keep you awake anymore...Please Oh please I cant take any more... I'll be quiet.. be a good boy"

I smiled wickedly and just laughed at his childish whining.

Then I paused and watched the expression on his face for a while.

When I was sure that he had calmed down sufficiently I continued:

"Yes baby you certainly WILL be good little boy now and Oh I know it hurts but ...well you see..honey&nbsp; I AM going to put you back into bondage now...and sweetie it IS going to be position 6 because that's what I said and that's just the way it is going to be "

At this those big baby tears returned and filled his eyes as he started to cry again and pitifully beg.

"Noooooo Ohhhh NOOOoo PLeease...ohhh God... "

He is just too Damn cute sometimes and once more my passion was on the rise. I felt it time to continue..

"AND boy, if you dont stop that childish babble I will get the cane and CANE YOU MYSELF!"

He was lost then in subspace.

So Reaching over I pulled his ear making him sit up and yelp as the pains returned to his buns and legs.

"UP!" was my only command and he struggled to stand.

I put the large red ballgag into his mouth and cinched the strap really tight behind his head forcing his mouth into a swollen almost surreal grin.

"This is what you'll get now boy for disobedience and naughtiness earlier....Now turn and kneel" All he can do is shake his head as he shuffles on his toes in a circle. His long blond bangs flying from side to side as he hangs his head in defeat shakes it and starts to weep.&nbsp; God he looked so beautifully vulnerable and young to me then I that I have to look away lest I actually rip his body to shreds with my teeth. I recover quickly and with his wrists still cuffed behind him its easy for me to roughly bind and cinch his elbows painfully close together behind him.

"I will now show you boy the price of your disobedience! " I say to him then as he wails and drools nicely into his gag. 

He seems slow to respond so I grab his hair from behind wrenching his head back I kick the backs of his knees so that his legs buckle. Shouting into his ear,

"I said....boy&nbsp; KNEEL !"&nbsp; as he dropped to his knees

After tying his ankles to his wrist cuffs then cinching them close together I lay him on his back on the hard floor. I thus soon have him severely hogtied face up on the floor by my bed with his elbows and wrists now pulled and tied very tightly and uncomfortably behind and under him and his long burning legs bent double beneath him. His heels and socked calves pressing cruelly into sore his welted buns and the backs of his burning thighs.

He is completely helpless now and can only gasp and shake his head as I finally then remove his ktb restrainer 



Oh my how that young and juicy hot cock still soaked in its own frustration just springs up and urgently points, very stiff wet and hard upto the ceiling. Mmmmmmmm

Not wanting to have him get too comfortable I reach up and cruelly pinch both little nipples HARD.

This makes his cock twitch and almost burst out of its stretched skin ashe shakes his head and moans into the ballgag.

Reaching up I grab a handful of his hair and pull his head up off the ground.

"I will teach you, you horny little slut exactly what can happen when you disobey me!" The roller coasters of my mood is on the rise again and I slap his face hard left and right. then again.

For position 6 which is one of my favorite positions for the lad A very basic hogtie needs some exquisite little refinements. 

First I need his knees stretched very widely apart and with a knee spreader bar soon locked in between his knees, and cranked open soon his thighs and inner thighs specifically are really feeling the new 'burn'

Then I take the ball ring and lock it around the top of his shaved and swollen ball sac right under his twitching penis. It won't cut off circulation as its not tight there but it certainly won't come off either at the angle it is positioned and under tension will provide a very steady pull on the boy's nutsack.

I run an elasticized cord from it directly to the middle of the bar between his knees.

It really is a fabulous ball stretcher and I can see the boy almost writhe up as he feels the unrelenting tug.



"I guess you thought that you'd be out of the ktb restrainer and completely free to spank your monkey and jerk off spilling all that hot cream from your balls all over the place didn't you?

well didn't you SLUT??"

I know he cant really talk but I want him to concentrate and when he does not even acknowledge my question I give an even harder Tug on the cock line Ohh he felt that and 

as he strained up and wails into the gag, his eyes are wild almost wild and glazed over in pain and fear.

"Mmmmpfff' is all I hear"

"Well my sweet long legged little bitch boy THAT isn't gonna happen !"

I make sure it is very taut with a minimum of elasticity then ask him

"Hurt?... tight enough?"

He wailed then nodded but I just giggled and pulling it even tighter saying&nbsp; "GOOD !"

I tied it off then at the knee spreader bar.



He is now hogtied, spread and his swollen aching nut-sack is&nbsp; really painfully stretched constantly pulled and tugged but position #6 does not stop there.



This position 6 is a wonderfully effective little method of bondage for horny little slut boys but the next 2 items are Often integral to its success.

I own a nice variety of nipple clamps and one pair in particular that is extremely, bitingly painful and quite delightfully vicious. Position 6 utilizes those.

Clamping them on each of his little nipples after first teasing and pinching the nubs to life I run two more strong but elasticized chords to anchor points above and beside him.

This together with his strenuous ball stretching can really bring tears to a young slave's eyes in a hurry and prevent him from moving twisting side to side too much lest the tugging torture their nipples and balls too greatly.





I have sometimes found that its a great position to have the youngster in before we play tickle torture games on his stretched flesh.

The possibilities are endless and I thought on this night about coating one of my dildo's with some lovely irritant and filling his rectum with an itch from hell. 

That will really make him wiggle and squirm. But on this night I chose another little trick.

I think it came as a particularly nasty surprise to my slave when I sprinkled very fine itching powder over his now stretched ballsack and and cruelly tugged nipples. coating them thickly in the stuff 



That might really make him squirm and suffer over quite a few more hours, but I left his cock free of the fiery itching stuff for now.

I did squat down beside him and ever so lightly fingered his now flagging wet penis..

"does that feel good to you boy?... like that and that up and down... your Mistress playing with and milking HER cock while her horny young bitch-boy wimpers..for her?... You want to cum sooo bad don't you boy?..."

I look over to his face and he is nodding furiously as the tears flowed..

"Awww that's so sweet... my little toy is crying again...Awww he wants to spill all that pent up boy-cream from his balls... that's just too precious....up and down...Awww "&nbsp;&nbsp; 

I continue this slow delicate pumping never allowing him to spurt but keeping him on the very crumbling edge of it.

Up and down slowly and barely touching using just my polished finger nails on the soft sheath of skin stretched and throbbing in front of me as I worked it.

'Edging' is a major specialty of mine and I am really very good at it. 

Up and down again...watching as it grew tighter and again...and again... until at last I felt the slight giveaway little twitch that told me he was almost too close...

Several fresh and clear beads of frustration that seeped out of its head and hung there confirmed it as they slowly rolled down the shaft towards my stopped finger tips

I am sure he would have bucked his hips in my hand if he had not got his balls so very stretched and held.

As it was all he could do was try and twist but that seemed to really tug on his little nipples and he soon gave up that idea.

He was desperate yet at the same time he knew it was futile and I am sure the aches in his balls just really was hell and not made any better by the powder that made him screech beautifully and break into agonized tears yet again as he shook his head madly from side to side trying to ease the predicaments he was in 

Yes poor boy was REALLY close now and almost tried risking his balls as he attempted to jerk his hips up and down into my hand. The pain in his balls must have been very intense now since he was wailing into his ballgag as he pumped those hips desperate for some relief.

Unfortunately 'relief' was not on the menu tonight So naturally I just let go of his cock and as the weeping desperate boy screamed out in his pain and frustration. 



To bring him quickly back to earth I plucked first one then the other of his taut little tit-torment lines.

He moaned and sobbed then as tears of defeat rolled down his face and his penis just bobbed in the air dripping pre-cum but retreating from the edge he was on.

Beautiful I thought. Truly beautiful.

I was Glad I had him so close to my bed I could reach down in the night without even having to get up and play with him any time I wanted.

That's the way it should be I felt.

Anyway as I stood up and looked down on the slave meat sweating again and panting on the floor We both knew he would not be getting much sleep tonight.

I picked up the itching powder again and sprinkled it all over the deperately throbbing penis till it joined his balls and nipples in a medley of itching and pain. 

Tied painfully tight and stretched so cruelly and delightfully as he was I would now let him stay like this for many hours to continue suffering through the rest of the night with all the fires, cramps and pains his position would give him.

The new ball-gag would help ensure his relative silence. 

But I warned him to not make any too much noise though I could see as the itching and twisting began that it was really going to be very hard for him.

The darling little slaveboy was steadily moaning now and crying again like a bitch shaking his sweet little head from side to side in his predicament.



Anticipation or nervous fear is such a good thing for my boytoy and concentrates his mind so well that I made a point to taunt him and drop a few cruel and cold hints of what the next day would bring.

"Oh poor baby" I mocked "Awww I bet you are sorry now that you woke me up earlier"

adding for effect.

"Oh and by the way sweetie when I wake up in the morning I am afraid its going to be the tawse and cane for you anyway before I put you to work.

He looked positively broken, beaten and without hope then as that news sunk in.

As I climbed into bed I picked up my Riding crop and tapped him all the way from his nipples down his body and along both of his&nbsp; thighs...pausing to lightly tap his stretched ball sac.

 Laughing as he flinched and felt the tugs I smiled down on him and said.

"Its alright baby, I just wanted to be sure I can reach all the right spots from here just in case you don't keep quiet or I wake up later tonight and just want to play."

Giggling then I say...

"..hehe..awww poor baby baby I know it hurts and itches so bad. heheh but I got such a thrill, silence now and sweet dreams kiddo"



I could not help myself giggling as I got back into the bed covers and turned off the light then reached for my vibrator.



I could still hear the silly boy moaning miserably into his ball gag and sobbing quite delightfully and I listened for awhile in the dark and laying there with my hand rubbing between my legs, 

Later with the vibrator I brought myself to one blissfully satisfying orgasm after another.



Lastly I blew him a callously sweet little kiss before I turned over and I knew that his salty tears were only partly caused by the acute burning in his buttocks and legs and the cramps he would now have to suffer. They were also partly caused by little fears from threats I had planted in his head about the the next day.

I knew that in the darkness as he tortured himself with any movement, those fears would slowly grow to haunt him for the rest of the night. I doubted he would be able to sleep much at all and it really pleased me to know it. 

I thought about the cute boy being held now so cruelly on the cold hard floor right next to my warm bed. He was now quietly moaning and steadily weeping, quite obviously still in some distress. 

I lay there for quite a while just listening to and really enjoying this sweet soft music of agony.&nbsp; 

Thinking about him now having to suffer like that through the rest of the night finally satisfied me.

I snuggled into a cozy pillow happy and contented at last and drifted off to blissfull sleep. 



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Helen D' Rago


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





