BDSM Library - London Teen Fuck Party




London Teen Fuck Party
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: My English friend sets up a sex party with four teenage boys. We get a little rough with them.






The London teen fuck party that Ian set up for me was to be
held at Wapping.
Wapping is a dock area that has been turned into housing
developments, some
quite posh and some still pretty wretched. Our party guest
were poor tough
street lads of thirteen and fourteen who needed money badly
and had little
hope for a prosperous future. I guess over in the States
we would call them
dropouts. The were also just discovering sex. According
to Ian, some of
these boys had jerked off together before, but that was
all. I wanted to
make sure all the boys at the party were oral and anal
virgins. No sense
popping some teen boy ass that has had everything under the
sun already
shoved up it.


I love nothing better than a fresh smooth round thirteen
year old asshole,
as many of you know. This for me is the optimum age to
fuck. The perfect
target as he has sexual feelings and senses his masculinity
which it is so
much fun to destroy. The four boys were shy at first, but
soon after we got
out the beer and wine and champagne and pot and shit...we
had them loosened
up. Well not in the physical sense. We had them relaxed. I 
told them all
about America and how I worked with young actors and models
and pop
stars...(I don't hesitate to elaborate and exaggerate if it
will get me some
fresh boy pussy) We put on some music and got the boys to
strip for us. Oh
my, all that pale pink boy flesh. Their young bodies were
just starting to




become defined. Their skin was smooth and hairless..they
had tiny tufts of
hair above their English uncut pricks. There were four of
us adults at the
party..so one pussy for each. However, I intended to sample
all four teen
boy cunts. We stripped and worked our dicks up until they
were dripping with
fuck need. Long strings of pre-cum dangled from the tips of
our pissholes.
Ian got the boys to mastubate for us, and I took some
photos for my album.
I suggested that the boys practice kissing on each other. I
love to see boys
of thirteen and fourteen tongue kissing each other and
swapping spit.


"Okay, kiss each other and wank each others' pricks at
the same time."
It was truly a beautiful sight, one that all too few people
in the world
appreciate. Naked healthy teenage boys frigging each others
dicks, balls
dancing and jiggling in the sack, mouths locked together,
spit dripping from
their chins. Their undeveloped young chests heaving with
boy lust and their
titties becoming hard and pointed.


I could see that Ian had chosen wisely. I had four horny
little fuckers
here at my disposal. Next I told them to play with each
others' tits.
A couple of them had particularly sensitive nipples, and I
knew that would
come in handy later. We took a break from the "modeling"
and started
necking with the boys ourselves. I picked a sweet young
thing named Cliff.
Thirteen and a virgin in every way. I rammed my tongue half
way down the




boy's gullet and let my spit and drool run down his throat.
He tensed up a
bit and became rather shy, so we shared a joint. I also
gave him a viagra.
I gently masturbated his young dick..between two fingers,
getting it leaking
and juicing. I kept telling him what a fucking stud he was
and how the girls
must go nuts over a cute hunk like him. He had a nice
fleshy nut sack on
him, hairless of course and soft as velvet. I rolled his 
teenage nuts around
in my hands and frigged his dripping pecker until he was
very near shooting.
Ian had two fingers up inside the ass of his boy.


I wanted to get some more photos though, so we put the
boys back on the
couch and told them it was time they learned about cock
sucking. They kind
of freaked at this, saying they didn't mind if we wanted to
suck them, but
they were not faggots. Ha ha. Isn't if funny how many
"straight" boys are
ready and willing to be sucked, but don't want to taste
dick. Well we
encouraged and kidded and I had Ian suck on my leaking
fuckmeat to
demonstrate. Ian is well muscled and doesn't act at all 
faggy, so that give
them a bit of courage. Soon, they were sucking away like
pros. We made sure
to teach them how to lick the dick from the root to the 
tip, scoop up any
dick leak on the tongue, lick and suck the nutsack, and
then take the tick
all the way in and use both the tongue and lips to
stimulate it. Once they
got into it, they had a great time and we put them in all
kinds of




combinations, so that each boy both sucked and was sucked.
Then we
substituted our huge dripping dicks for their slender boy
pricks. That gave
each boy a real mouthful. Cliff choked and gagged at first
on my hunk of
fucker. I was patient and taught him to respect and service
a dick.
We spent amost two hours just patiently teaching the
thirteen and fourteen
year old boys how to properly suck cock. We sat on the
couch and chairs and
had the boys kneel between our legs and lick our dicks and
sacks. Every five
minutes, I would say "change" and the boys would shift
positions and suck
on a different dick. That way I had each of the four young
mouths working on
my spit slick prick and sweat coated fucksack. I forbid 
Ian to cum of
course, but Liam blasted all over the face of one of the 
boys, and that
caused some trauma and also laughter. The kid, the other
thirteen year old,
got really grossed out and angry, and we had to calm him
down. I had Ian
lick the cum off his face to show him it was no big deal.


After we were all on the very edge of blowing our loads,
I decided it was
time for the boys to enjoy the first fuck of their lives.
One of them who
tried to be a big shot, a tough little fourteen year old,
pulled a condom
out of his wallet, and I told him there would be no condoms 
used at this
party. We then positioned the boys back on the couch, and
Ian took photos as
I showed them how to shove their dicks up each others'
assholes. I didn't




let anyone fuck Cliff, as I wanted his boy pussy fresh and
unspoiled when I
plowed my fat fuckmeat up inside his thirteen year old
rectum. I had Liam
take over camera duty, so that Ian could lick each of the
boys' assholes to
relax them. The boys got off on this, laughing like little
kids over the
tickling sensation of a tongue probing their shitholes.
There was a bit of
confrontation over who would get fucked first... All four
boys wanted to be
the fuckers, not the fuckees. But I decided that the other 
thirteen year old
should be the first to feel dick up his ass, as his ass was 
so pretty and
the older boys had slightly larger dicks.


Now we all knew it would hurt bloody hell, so we had to 
move very
carefully over this area. We kept frigging the boys to
keep them near
shooting and kissing them and playing with their tits..and
then slowly had
them insert their pricks up each others' boyholes. It was 
almost six
o'clock in the evening before we had them properly fucking
each other. Cliff
didn't know why he wasn't getting fucked...we tried all the 
other boys in
every possible combination. When I say tried...I mean had
them fuck each
other. We still had not deflowered them. I love teaching
young boys how to
fuck, because you know they will be doing it often from
this time on. Once
they get into fucking games, its all they want to do at
that age. Every day
after school, they will rush over to somebody's house and
fuck. My one




regret has always been that you can't get a young boy 
pregnant.


After I got all the photos I wanted, we were so horny and
dripping that we
could not wait any more. I told Cliff to crawl into one of
the bedrooms, so
I could get a photo of him on his hands and knees. He was
very nervous. I
couldn't get over what a pretty ball sack he had. I kicked
it gently with my
foot to watch it swing. I crawled into bed with the
thirteen year old and we
cuddled and kissed and made out for almost an hour, my
gently frigging his
dick, but not letting him cum. The bed and our bodies were
wet and sticky
with fuck leak, mine and his. I fed him my dripping dick
again, and soon his
pretty young lips were coated with fuck slime. I squatted
over his face and
had him lick my nuts. I kept telling him what a hot little
fucker he was. I
sucked on his boytits and fingered his asshole. It was so 
tight I couldn't
even get one finger in, so I spent the next thirty minutes
sucking on his
asslips. I knew this was going to be a superb fuck. His
thirteen year old
rectum as going to be worked everywhichway by my thick
pulsing prick.


I have to be honest with you. It kind of felt like a
fucking wedding
night, with Cliff as the blushing bride. After much ado, I
finally got the
head of my dick up inside his asshole. He was in pretty
great pain, tears
running down his cute young face. I kept telling him that
his friends were
taking dick, and surly he could do as well as them! Inch by
inch I forced




more dick up into his boy chute. It was so very tight that
my dick was in
considerable pain, but that's what you have to put up with
to give a boy
pleasure. He was screaming by now that it was too big and I
had enough in
him..."enough..that's enough" he kept saying in his high
pitched, trembling
little boy voice. I told him that I wasn't even half way in
yet. He said I
was killing him, and I assured him that I was loving him.


The feel of your dick stretching a young boy's asshole
has got to be the
supreme pleasure in life. He is like a butterfly pinned to
a board...pinned
by your throbbing prick. To know you are in some way
ruining him forever,
taking his virginity, using him like he is nothing but a
cunt...that is so
awesome. Drool was pouring out of Cliff's mouth and soaking
the bed sheet. I
licked his face and neck while I forced more and more dick 
into his guts.
All the while, I told him how much I loved him, and how 
cool he was, and
shit like that. 


When I was in balls deep, I allowed him a moment's rest.
He lay there
panting, and shaking, his young smooth body covered with
sweat, my dick
buried to the scrotum up his asscunt. He moaned that it
hurt so much he
couldn't stand it and could I now please take it out. I
licked his shell
like ear and informed him that I hadn't even begun to fuck
him yet. To feel
my dick pulsing in his rectum told me that I couldn't hold 
out much longer.
It's a shame in a way, as I wanted this first fuck to last
for hours. I




wanted to fuck him senseless, until his asshole was 
stretched beyond belief.
But I knew I just couldn't hold out, so I decided a really
hard fast deep
fuck might do the trick. I stretched his assglobes
painfully apart so I
could bury my dick deeper in his fucked hole. He grunted
like a stuck pig,
which in a way is what he was.


He began to babble incoherently as I raped his boy ass as
hard as I could.
I bounced on his young slender boy on the bed, my dick
ramming deeply into
his bowels. I fucked him that way for ten minutes, and then
just had to
shoot. He was hoarse from crying and yelling and he sounded
like an old man
now...gravel in every word as he continued to beg me to
please take it out.
I was long dicking him now, pulling back until only my
cockhead was still in
his red raw asshole, and then plowing in one hard thrust
balls deep and
letting my entire body slam behind the fuckthrust. I
slammed into him so
hard that the air was pumped from his body and he deflated
like a fucking
balloon. As I shot my load, I spit in his face.


Afterward, he lay there like a broken puppet. His
breathing did not calm
for some time. I gently scooped up the fuck running from
his asshole and fed
it to him. He was so broken that he didn't even object. I
wanted a beer, so
I got up and padded naked into the other room. The other
boys were pretty
wiped out and ripped open as well. I grabbed the one
fourteen year old and
ordered him to lick Cliff's ass slime off my thick deflated
prick. I had to




slap him to get him to comply. I told Liam to go into the
bedroom and fuck
Cliff. I told him to fuck him as hard as he could. Then I 
moved in to go to
work on the other thirteen year old. It was quite a party.








Review This Story
 || Email Author:  dale10


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





