BDSM Library - Little Baby




Little Baby
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:   Ryann was the popular cheerleader in her high school. although she was prude, she had plenty of guys hit on her.  she had it all, until the schools janitor decided to change all of this...






ryann is a 18 year old cheerleader.&nbsp; she was the popular girl and the best body in the school.&nbsp; she was also a very big prude and hated the guys who hit on her for only her body.&nbsp; this is all going to change when im done with it.&nbsp; my name is carie and im the schools janitor.&nbsp;&nbsp; im only a 24 year old single blonde woman, but this is the best job i can get since i didnt go to college.&nbsp; 



one day ryann was walking to her class and i was cleaning up a soda spill in the hallway when i saw her for the first time that day. she was wearing a dress that looked absoloutley amazing on her.&nbsp; i knew i had to get a peice of her.&nbsp; but knowing how prude she was with all the guys in the school, i might have to break her first.



right after the first hour bell rang i made up a story and told the office that the cheerleading coach needed to talk to her in the locker room about new uniforms.&nbsp; and then i went to go get ready.&nbsp; 



only a few mins after getting to the girls locker room did she arrive.&nbsp; once she was getting ready to knock on the locker room office door i snuck up behind her and covered her mouth with a rag soaked in chloroform. 



once she was out i got to work.&nbsp; first i took off her dress and underwear.&nbsp; i noticed she had pubic hair .&nbsp; this would not do.&nbsp; getting some shaving cream and a razor i went to town. once she was as bald as a new born baby i put her dress back on.&nbsp; 



wanting to add to the humiliation i took some sissiors and cut the bottom of the dress so it was at the bottom of her butt cheeks. so any movment at all would show off all her goods. then i cut the neck line of her dress to show off alot of cleavage. 



once her attire was good i got out my duffle bag i had brought from home.&nbsp; i got out two bottles of pills. one was to make her not be able to controll her bladder. and one was to make her really really horny. 



i dragged her out into the hallway and locked the gym door.&nbsp; i waited for her to come around. once she did she saw me trying to help her up and accepted the offer.



"o man what happened?"&nbsp; she said.



"i was walking down the hallway and noticed you here and thought you were hurt are you alright?" i replied.



"yes.. just i have a really bad headake" she said.



"i have some advil if youd like it"&nbsp; i reached into my pocket and got out the pills.



she wondered why the janitor would offer a student pills. wasnt that against school policy? but she decided against it . she was just trying to be nice.



she took the pills and went back to her class. 



knowing what was going to happen next i went to the office and waited for the call.



meanwhile in the classroom, once back in her seat for english she started to feel really funny. there was a burning sensation in her crotch. and she felt sick to her stomach.&nbsp; "ms. smith, may i go to the restroom?" she aksed her teacher.



"you should of gone while you were missing my class before missy." replyed the teacher.



she thought to her self oh well. i can bare it. just as she thought that she noticed that two boys were turned around in their chairs staring at her. no... wait not her at her shoes? maybe?&nbsp; 



thats when she realized the vacancy of her protective layer under her dress. 



very confused and embarrassed she crossed her legs and folded her arms.&nbsp; but as she did that a loud fart came out.&nbsp; all the kids laughed and she started to cry in embarrassment.&nbsp; she looked down to realize that it was not only a fart but she had actually leaked a little feciese.&nbsp; the teacher , very discusted, sent her to the office.&nbsp; once she was out of the room she called the office to tell her of the perdicament.



once the office atendant got off the phone with the teacher, she asked the janitor to go to the nurses office and tell her to come to the office to help a student in need.&nbsp; i walked out of the room knowing what was going on and pretended to go twards the nurses office but really ducked into a closet and waited for a min and then returned to the office.



"she is really full . she says to send the student down there" i said



"well shes on her way from the bathroom to here so can you walk her down to the nurses office?"



"no problem" i said



i went to wait for ryann to come to the office and when she did . i noticed her holding the bottom of her dress down,witch was not stained, as to not reveal anything. 



"oh my dear, you need to change your clothes"



"i do not have anything here. maybe the..."



"oh i know" i interrupted " i have some spare clothes in the janitors room, people always loose clothes here"



not wanting to be in the soiled dress that didnt even fit her anymore, she agreed.&nbsp; once down in the janitors room she was really starting to feel the effects of the horny drug and started to smell her self.



i closed the door behind us so we were alone in the room. i locked the door and told her it was so no one could come in and see her like this.



i got into my bag and found some jean short shorts. and a tank top.&nbsp; i handed her the clothes, but she just stood there.



"go ahead. i&nbsp; wont look." i said



i walked around the corner. for a few seconds then came back around to find her naked.



very suprised she yelled " hey! im naked!"



"what, are you not thankfull that im helping you get dressed?" i said



confused as all hell, she decided she didnt want to piss this girl off. after all she was helping her. or so she thought.



i walked over and held the jean shorts open for her to step into. once she did i pulled them up pretty hard, seeing how they were too small for her. 



once those were up she put on the shirt.&nbsp; looking like a trailer trash whore she was almost more embarrased not then she was.&nbsp; 



"well thanks alot for the clothes. i better be going back to class now"&nbsp; she said.



just when she was turning around to open the door, another fart came out.&nbsp; hoping that that was it she looked down to see that a brown streak was going down her leg she started to cry again.



noticeing the turn of events i decided this was my moment to break her.



"wow you really are a child. looks like im going to have to treat you like one."



i walked over and pulled her over my lap and said" if you cant even respect someone who gave you clothes after you ruined your own, then you must be punished."



"wait! i didnt mean it, i feel really sick" she said



"i dont belive you!" i yelled back. i reached into my bag and pulled out a pair of used panties and shoved them in her mouth and put a peice of duct tape to seal them in.&nbsp; 



"that should shut you up" i said.



being much stronger than her i easly over powered her struggles. all that she could do was to moan and grunt into the gag.



i pulled down her shorts to find a messy bottom.&nbsp; i got a wet wipe and cleaned her up. then i pulled her over my lap again and started to spank her.



she cried and grunted into her gag after every smack. 



once her bottom was nice and red i reached up and tore off her shirt.&nbsp; i reached down and rubbed her crotch.

"nice and smooth... are you sure your supposed to be in high school?"i said.&nbsp; i rubbed between her lips to notice it was wet from the drug i gave her.



" your wet... i think your liking this you slut."



very much frustrated not only by being horny, but wanting to tell this woman that she was not a slut. and to stop was she was doing! but couldent because of the gag.



i got some more duct tape and put some around her wrists and ankles to ensure she couldent go any where.



i set her on the ground and said"now dont you go anywhere. i have some clothes to fit your age "



i went to the back , and got into my bag and got out a diaper and a dildo.&nbsp; 



i went back to her and took the tape off of her ankles. she started kicking. 

"do you want me to just drag you into the hall and let everyone see you like this?"



not wanting that to happen, she decided she had not choice but to just let this happen.



i took the vibrator and shoved it half way into her tight pussy. i turned it on high and then pushed it the rest of the way in.



then i took the diaper and secured&nbsp; it around her waist and under her crotch.&nbsp; 



fully degraded she started to cry.



"o.. such a cute little baby"



....to be continued??



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  ajacks


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





