BDSM Library - Jamal Takes Over




Jamal Takes Over
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: I was the only white guy at an inner city gym, the black boys there took over my life!






I sat naked on the bench in the health club locker room, 
staring at the
tiles on the floor between my feet, but really looking at
nothing. I was
waiting for Jamal to decide to come up ant talk to me. He
was this muscular
teenage nigger who frequented the club and had ruined my
life in the last
few weeks. I was ordered to sit naked on the bench without 
a towel or
anything to cover my nakedness. I had to keep my legs
spread and my cock and
balls visible for the anyone In the locker room who wanted
a look. I knew
instantly that it had been a mistake to sign up at the
inner city health
club which was eighty percent black, but It was near my
house and cheap
which was even more important.


The harassment had started on my first visit. Dark
skinned, muscular
black boys bouncing around the locker room with their huge
dicks and
pendulous sacks of balls swinging, high fiving each other
and laughing and
rapping, and there I was, this moderately built white guy
of thirty two.


I will never forget coming back from the shower and one
chocolate skinned
thug of about eighteen let out a "weeeeeeeow" kind of sound 
and then said
very loudly to me, loudly enough for all his pals to hear,
"White man, how
the hell can you fuck wit such a small dick?" They all
roared with laughter
and I turned bright red. Before I left that first time, I
med Jamal. He
eased up to me while I was packing my gym bag. He is one
good looking




darkie, I will say that for him. He flashed me a big white
toothed smile and
said he hoped I wasn't thinking of quitting the club. He
said he was friends
with the manager and they had my address and shit, and it
would be really
unfortunate if I decided to quit. Then he laid one large
basketball player
sized hand on my shoulder and said that he would see me at
the same time the
next day.


Well, that's how it started. It got worse each time I 
went to the club.
Jamal and the other niggers got me to get towels for them,
had me scrub
their backs in the shower, even made me pick their dirty
stinking jock
straps up off the floor. They sent their filthy jocks and
socks home with me
to wash for them. 


Now let me state here once and for all, that I am in no 
way at all gay. I
don't think I ever even had a gay thought. So all of this 
really repulsed
me. They would brush up against me so their big fat black
dicks rubbed my
body. They would make constant jokes about me being a
faggot.


So I had it out with Jamal. I told him I was a single
parent with a
thirteen year old daughter and in no way gay, and I wanted
to quit the club.
That mention of my daughter was the biggest mistake of my
life. Jamal
demanded to see a photo of her. Her name is Crissy. After 
that, all they
talked about was "Crissy the Cunt" in the locker room.


 "Some fourteen year old school boy probably shoving his
dick in her right




now while you is at da club." They would say things like
that. Jamal would
ask, "Do you suppose she had ever sucked black dick?" I 
told them she was
totally innocent, and they should keep their foul mouths to
themselves. They
beat the shit out of me.


 I didn't go to the club for a week. All the windows 
were broken on my
car, and my newspaper was stolen, and somebody pissed all
over our door. I
received a package at work, and when I opened it, there was
a pile of shit
in a box. I was going nuts with anguish. I thought of
going to the police,
but I knew I would face even worse if I did. So I went back 
to the club.
That was two months ago. A lot had happened in those two
months.


 Now I sat waiting for Jamal to speak with me. He walked
up, stark naked.
The first thing I saw were his huge brown feet next to me. 
I looked up at
his long muscular legs. How could I miss the seven inch
flaccid dick, thick
as a flashlight and the ball sack that looked like it had
oranges in it. It
was fucking obscene. His stomach was hard and tight. His 
ass was one of
those round tight nigger bubble butts. His chest well
defined with large
nipples. He had a killer smile, thick nigger lips, and dark
flashing eyes
that often looked drugged. He had only recently gotten out
of reform school
for molesting a girl on the playground.


 "So, my man, how's that little dick of yours
hangin'?"




 I spread my legs wider so he could see my pathetic
shriveled white
prick and small ball sack. If I didn't keep myself on
display for them at
all times, they would have a wet towel snapping session
where my scrotum was
the target. It hurt like hell and was totally humiliating.


"So, bro, is everything set up for tomorrow?" He 
stood close to
me...so close that his huge flaccid hunk of fuck meat
brushed my shoulder.
His dick was so huge, it was just fucking obscene, and that
was in its
flaccid state. He had not showered yet, and his body reeked
of the nigger
stink of his workout.


 "Please. Please don't do this. I know I agreed, but that
was after you
had beaten me almost senseless. Please, isn't there some 
other way?"


He lifted one leg and put his foot on the bench next to
me. His gigantic
balls swung back and forth in their fleshy sack.


"Dere is no other fucking way, man. You don't wanna 
even think of what
we gonna do to you next time you disobeys us. Dere is no
other way. Now it
so happens dat I needs me a new girlfriend, and your pretty
little daughter
fills da bill." 


I felt my stomach turn over. I tried to relax, to breath
deeply, but I
felt like I was choking. This teenage nigger thug was
talking about my
daughter. My little Crissy. My thirteen year old angel. He 
had announced to
me that he wanted her to become his girlfriend! Jesus 
Christ!


 At first I had bluntly refused, letting my anger and
disgust show. All the




niggers in the club gathered around me, about fifteen of
them, and Jamal
announced that I was racially prejudiced and didn't want
him dating his
white daughter. They started to slap and punch me.


"It's not that. Honest to God, I swear, it's not that 
you are black. It's
that she is only thirteen. She's my innocent baby!"


Jamal roared with laughter. "Any bitch of thirteen is
totally ready for
dick! She probably sucking da boys at school every day
anyway by now." He
looked at the photo of her which he had taken from me.
"Yeah, she got real
cocksucker lips, she shore do!"


"Oh God no, she's just a baby." I was crying in front of
all of them.


 "No, daddy, you gots it wrong. She is a babe...not a
baby. Dat pretty
little pussy is ready for some nigger popping!" Half the
niggers surrounding
me were getting hard ons, and I don't there there was one
under eight and a
half inches. 


For weeks I had argued, begged, pleaded, tried to
bargain with Jamal, but
he only wanted one thing. My daughter's virgin pussy. Once
I stood up to
them and told them I would go to the police. They had
dragged me naked and
screaming into the health club bathroom and forced me to
eat turds out of
the toilet bowl. I was sick for two days. The next time I 
went to the club,
Jamal had made me suck his dick. That was the first time I 
saw it erect.
Over twelve inches of throbbing leaking nigger cock. I had
a panic attack
and literally tried to run out of the club. They held me
down on a bench and




Jamal fed me his black fuck meat. His balls almost 
suffocated me. His dick
choked me. He even made me suck his ass. What could I do? 
I agreed to let
them have my daughter. I know, I am an awful man. A
sinner. It is
unforgivable, but I am scared out of my wits.


 "So, tomorrow, I comes over to yo house dressed up real
good. You
introduce me to yo bitch daughter. Now when I sees her, dis
is how I wants
her dressed. A very tight tee shirt dat says printed on
it, "I Love Nigga
Dick!" She will wear no bra under it so I can see the tips
of her budding
little titties through the material. Den she is to wear 
her nice pleated
cheer leader skirt like in da photo, only I don want her
to wear no panties
under it. From now on, yo daughter is forbidden to ever 
wear any panties.
We want dat fresh young cunt and ass ready and available at
all times. I
want you to have some really top drawer booze at yo house
ready for me. I am
not sure what I will want, so you better have enough to
satisfy me,
whatever my taste might be. Who da fuck knows, I may want a
cosmo, or maybe
some of dat Louis XIII Brandy dat costs three hundred
dollars. You better
have it all. After I has a drink, you pretty little bitch
and I gonna sit on
da couch and get acquainted. Dat means you as da daddy get
to watch me
finger her cunt and play wit her titties. You gets to see
her meet my big
fat old dick and even lick and suck it a little. I always
insists on sex on




da first date, cause how else you know how a bitch perform,
right? Shit, I
insist on sex on every date. I mean dat is da only reason
for da fucking
date..to plow some pussy! Right? Otherwise I'd rather hang
wit da home
boys. Now she gonna be a little uptight and scared at
firs...right?
Specially when she see my dick and she know dat huge
motherfucker is gonna
plow her virgin twat! Oh yea, if she got any hair on her 
cunt yet, you
make sure she shave it all off before tomorrow. I wanna see 
bald thirteen
year old pussy."


While he said all of this to me at the health club, his 
dick got thicker
and thicker and long strings of pre-fuck started to hang
from the fat
pisshole.


"Please don't hurt her...please." I was shaking in my
naked agony.


"Hurt her? No why the fuck would I hurt my new
girlfriend? I gonna love
her. I gonna show her da pleasures of lovemaking. Shore, 
it gonna hurt a
little da first time I ram my twelve and a half inch
motherfucking dick
balls deep into her tight little teenage pussy. Shore it
gonna hurt when I
pounds her as hard as I can, and den pull out and shove it
as hard as I can
up her little asshole. Shore dat gonna hurt a little, but
dat is jus' part
of growin' up. A her daddy, you understand dat. Right?
Better to hab some
nice boy like me who wants her for his girlfriend fucking
her, den every boy
at school who don't give a shit about her.




 "Now don't you worry, I gonna take her into the bedroom
to fuck her cunt
and ass. I think dat is private. I mean, you can watch da
first time she
suck my balls and lick my dick and such. But fucking is
between a guy and
his girlfriend. I wants you dere at the start...at the
sucking part, cause
she is gonna be scared like I say, and you can calm her.
Tell her it is a
natural part of life, and she just gotta learn to please a
man. She, she
shoulda learned dat couple of years ago already. She is a
late bloomer.


 Now I am gonna want to use her bedroom for da first
fuck,cause I wants to
fuck her little bitch body in her teenage bed, wit all her 
teenage shit
around. It will be so hot. But den, I is moving into your
master bedroom.
You can sleep on da couch. I wants a nice big bed and
luxury for future
fucks. I gotta fuck at least three times a day, usually
more. Now of course
I still going to be bangin' other cunt, but I will fuck 
your daughter
regularly cause she is my number one girlfriend. My special
bitch. I ain't
gonna introduce her to my bros until after I fuck her for 
a week or so. Den
when she broken in, I gonna share her with all da boys from
dis here health
club. Dere about twenty of us here as you know, so she
gonna be pretty busy
sucking nigga dick and getting ass and cunt fucked. We
gonna do mos' of it
over at yo house. You have lots of food dere at all times
fo my brothers
when dey comes over to fuck your daughter. Since she be 
fucking most every




day all day and night from now on, I suggest you apply to
home school her.
Dat way, she don't even need to think about school and she 
can concentrate
on nigga cock all da time."


"Please, please use condoms...." I had tears running
down my face.


Jamal roared with laughter. "Condoms? Shit...no. We 
never use condoms.
It ruins da fuck. Dat little bitch gonna be pregnant in a
couple of weeks at
mos'. You gonna be da grand daddy of a nigga chile! And 
who knows. She
young. If she stay tight enough and cute enough, maybe we
fuck her for three
or four years, you know, pass her around, pimp her out.
Shit, she still
young enough. She could hab five or six nigga babies! We 
don' allow no
abortions. She gonna breed. Now my brothers and daddy be
comin' over lots
to fuck her too, so you better have lots of keys to yo
house made, or jus'
leave the fucking place unlocked. She don't leave da house
without
permission. I would hate it for both of you if some black
bro comes over for
a good hard fuck, and she not dere! Now I know you worried
about her. Don'
be. After a few days of getting nigga dick, she gonna love
it so much, dat
all she gonna live for. I seen it in young white bitches
lots of times.
Someday she gonna thank you for all dis. I mean how many
girls her age so
lucky to get ten to fifteen black cocks a day? Long as her
pussy and asshole
hold up, she be happy. One thing, she gonna hab to be a
really good




cocksucker, cause One thig is dat when da boys in my hood
meet up wit guys
from other gangs...we got dis thing. We hab our girlfriends
suck da cocks of
all da members of the other gangs, as kind of a peace
signal, you know, a
sign dat we is kewl and everything is okay. So she gonna 
pretty much hab a
dick in her mouth twenty-four seven for da next few months. 
She gonna be
sucking on nigga dick even when she getting fucked by my
bros. Dis house
gonna be pretty packed full of black boys! Now, after a 
bitch has sucked
fifteen to twenty dicks a day, she often get a real tired
jaw and swollen
lips and a sore tongue, so you gonna have to tell her no
matter how tired
she get, da last dick of da day she suck, gets jus' as
good a suck as da
first one in da morning. You gotta make sue she understand 
that. I can't
have no bad reports from rival gangs dat my bitch can't
suck!


 Now we gots one more problem. Da little bitch gonna be so
busy getting
fucked and sucking dick, she ain't gonna hab no proper time
to clean up da
dicks after dey fuck her cunt and ass! You know it da 
bitch's job to clean
a dick wit her mouth after a brother fuck her. I mean, you
can't expect a
brother to walk around wit pussy slime or ass juice on his
dick. But she
gonna be so busy, she ain't always gonna hab time to clean 
up, so you my
friend is going to have to step up to da plate to help her.
You gonna be the
official dick cleaner. You gonna lick and suck da dicks
clean after dey fuck




yo bitch of a daughter. I want you naked on you hands and
knees at all times
around da house, ready to lick and suck dick clean. And you
gonna do a fine
job too, I just know it. You get all dat stink off da cock.
Maybe you can
entertain da brothers waiting next in line to fuck yo
daughter too by lickig
dere balls and assholes. I never thought of dat until just
now. Hot damn,
dat is a good idea, ain't it? So dey don't get bored while
dey waitin. And
den, to keep your daughter fresh and tight, after every
three or four fucks,
you gonna crawl in and suck the nigga cum right outta her
pussy and asshole.
Think how great dat is. You gonna get to suck some thirteen
year old pussy
and asshole! How lucky is dat? You gonna clean out her
cunt real good with
yo tongue so it is ready for da next nigga.


We gonna be da happiest family you ever seen! Now come
on, white boy,
suck my dick, can't you see it dripping all over da floor?"


I put my mouth over the head of the huge leaking hunk
of fuckmeat, and
resigned myself and my daughter to our new destiny.








Review This Story
 || Email Author:  dale10


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





