BDSM Library - Who, Why, What




Who, Why, What
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Dee has turned a willing victim into a tormented creature.






1. WHO



 

Samantha couldn't contain her excitement. Such a cliche, she realised, but it was absolutely true. She sat on the sofa and her knees were bouncing up and down, her right hand was tapping uncontrollably on the couch arm while her left hand held a glass of wine as steadily as she could manage... and her face was flushed from the wetness in her knickers.

 

'Come on Dee! Don't tease me any more, I want to see him!'

 

'It!', Dee smiled. 'See IT'.

 

'Yes, it, whatever, just let me See... it!'

 

Dee smiled and lingered in playful, exagerrated slowness over a last mouthful of her wine - she wished she'd bought something more original than Jacob's Creek for such an occasion - and then set the glass down and headed to the door to the cellar. Well, she thought, a nurse can't afford much more than Jacob's Creek. Especially with what it had cost her to create the freak. As she thought of him - it - again, she thought of how she and her friend were sipping wine, something the freak would never again enjoy. The freak would never enjoy most any of life's pleasures again. The thought of that delicious contrast between a normal life and what the freak now faced gave her a jolt of sexual pleasure. It always did. It always would.

 

2.&nbsp; WHY



 

Dee and the freak had been friends, online at first and then in real life once the ice had broken and the trust congealed to the point of discovering that they lived only a few tube stops apart. Their connection and friendship centred on a mutual love of bondage, torture, humiliation, degradation, and the most extreme fantasies of severe sadism and masochism.

 

Over time and over regular bottles of popular, inexpensive wine, the freak had begun to challenge Dee to carry out some of the twosome's ideas - on him. Their conversations both online and in person began to be dominated by banter and probing. The freak would say that Dee would never have the nerve and cruelty to do some of the things she fantasised about doing to a man. Dee would counter that the freak had no idea how readily she would do so, and that it was he who would 'chicken out' if push came to shove. Dee had constantly wondered; Would he let her do these things? Should she call his bluff? Or would she expose herself to him as deranged? Would he pull up in shock and say 'I was never serious... How could you have been??'

 

Now, with hindsight, she knew that he had been wondering just the same. Had also been pushing towards fantasy-made-reality as much as he dared, but always stopping just short in case she would think he were a few shackles short of a dungeon and not want to see him any more.

 

In the end, though, his frantic desire had got the better of him. The freak had stated it very clearly. He 'dared' her to do what she wanted with him. Dared her to turn him into a freak; make him an imprisoned, impossibly degraded animal-slave. Their eyes had been locked together as she said slowly and carefully that she would. That he had two days to reconsider and back down, otherwise he would present himself to her ready for it to begin and never to end. That he should understand that she would alter him with needles, tattoos, brands, body alterations, anything she wanted. That he should remember that she was a nurse and nurses were not squeamish. That he would then be kept in her cellar, brought out only for her amusement, and never freed.

And so it was.

 

3.&nbsp; WHAT



 

Samantha leaned forward on the sofa as Dee emerged from the cellar, pulling a length of chain behind her. There was a wide grin on Dee's face as she pulled the freak up the final steps and into view. She stood the creature in the middle of the room, about nine feet from the couch, and couldn't help herself from exclaiming 'Ta-Daaah!' and making a theatrical gesture, like a magician unveiling a healthy woman who moments earlier had been sawn in two.

 

She looked at Samantha's face; her eyes were wide and flicking up and down the freak's form. Beautiful eyes they were too, eyes that had helped Dee and Samantha tumble into a passionate affair of love and bondage and trust.

 

'It's amazing', Samantha breathed. 'Show me everything you've done'. Her fingers were inside the waistband of her skirt as she spoke.

 

'Okay'. And Dee began to explain all the things she had done to the freak. She recounted how every hair on its body had been permanently removed. How she had gone about branding the word 'freak' deeply into its bare pubic area.

 

She showed Samantha the surgical steel tube that was held tight around the freak's penis, locked there through piercings both at the base and near the head of the cock, so that full erections were impossible and just the purple helmet protruded. She further showed off, with great relish, the stud piercings that encircled the rim of that cockhead and the tiny, tinkling, humiliating bell that hung from one of them.

 

She explained how the freak's testicles dangled almost to it's knees; how days, weeks and months of stretching had achieved this bizarre, permanent modification. Smiled as she recounted the freak's yelps as she had tattooed the words 'hit me' across the front of those dangling balls, and smiled wider as she gave them a slap that sent them swinging side to side.

 

She glowed with pride as she turned the freak round to show off the huge steel buttplug that stretched its anus, and the devilish addition to the plug: a chain hung and swung from its base, and on the end of the chain was a small steel ball adorned with needle-sharp spikes. Most of the freak's movements caused the spiky ball to swing into its grotequely dangling testicles.

 

She gestured carefully at the words 'ANAL WHORE', tattooed in three inch black letters across the freak's butt. Explained the small black box attached somehow at the small of the freak's back, with the ominous black wire that disappeared into the steel buttplug and the tiny white remote control in Dee's pocket. Paused to toss the remote control to Samantha, and laughed as Samantha pressed the button, causing the freak to jerk and yelp, its anus-ball and ballsac swinging into painful contact to increase the torment.

 

She turned the freak back around to fondle its C-cup breasts, laughing with Samantha over the way this modification seemed to have upset the creature more than any other - even the surgical removal of its fingers and thumbs, which had been carried out under the same anaesthetic.

 

'And its face!' Samantha exlaimed. 'What have you done to its mouth?'

 

Another proud smile from Dee. 

 

'I've actually implanted a steel ring inside its lips!' she explained. 'It can barely move its mouth from this open "O" shape. So even if I hadn't removed the end of its tongue, it still wouldn't be able to talk intelligibly. Go on freak, tell Samantha how grateful you are that I've done all this to you!'

 

A series of meaningless sounds came from its cruelly altered mouth. 

 

'There you go!' Dee giggled. 'I took all its teeth out too. The idea was to make a perfect mouth for a guy to fuck, although I doubt I'll ever introduce freak to anyone else. You probably can't tell, but its eyes are sealed with surgical glue at the moment. I'll probably sew them closed at some point'.

 

'Damn, it's all so incredibly, wonderfully CRUEL!' Samantha gasped. Her hand was buried in her crotch, her skin tingling with excitement at what had been done to this man.

 

'Isn't it?' Dee agreed. 'I'm quite sure freak is regretting getting into this, but it's a little too late now, isn't it freak?'

 

Another wordless noise from the degraded creature.

 

'I mean, even if I let it go, can you imagine it trying to live any kind of life with these tattoos? "Cocksucker" around its throat and a penis on each cheek?'

 

Samantha's giggle was stifled somewhat by an involuntary gasp of pleasure as she continued stroking herself. Dee too was fondling her own crotch through her light cotton trousers. She stared at the freak as she did so, and pondered on what might be going on in its head. She had determined some time ago that she was never going to release its mouth, nor let it communicate intelligently in any other way, even though it was tempting to do so. She knew that having been an intelligent and talkative man, the freak's torment must be unimaginably deeper through not being able to speak, nor engage in any sort of human communication. 

 

For a while Dee had missed chatting with the man that the freak used to be. But the sadistic thrill of what she was doing to him had usually outweighed that feeling. Then she had got chatting with other men and women online, made some new friends, and had found that she could orgasm just from the act of telling the freak all about them while it moaned pathetically through its distorted lips. And then Samantha had come along, of course, and Dee could tell the freak-creature not just about the hours and hours of conversation that the two of them enjoyed, but also torment it with graphic descriptions of their lovemaking. The freak's steel encased cock would get as hard as it was able, its purple head would swell so that the skin was tight and shiny... but there was no release and no relief. Just a slight tinkle from the bell hanging from one of its piercings, a delicate sound that mocked the creature's perpetual agony.

 

Both Samantha and Dee felt some sympathy for the freak. But both also knew that the fool had asked for everything that it now suffered. And witnessing its suffering made both almost burst with sexual desire. They looked at each other and their faces broke into symmetrical smiles a mile wide.

 

Dee broke the silence.

 

'I'm going to put this thing back in its electrified cage and set it to shock every three minutes. You better have your clothes off by the time I get back up the stairs...'



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  ducttape


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





