BDSM Library - My Mistress My Wife




My Mistress My Wife
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A husband is surprised my his wife\'s true profession, to stop him leaving, he is enslaved.






Some elements of this are true, my wife's profession for a start. As is the general underly story. This is a first part of a long running tale of my submission and enslavement, all will be explained as it goes on.



I can't believe i'm doing this, i know the consequences, what it makes me. I hesitate at the door, but i know its what want. I press the door bell and i hear it raing inside. A buzz sounds and the door pops open, i walk inside.



The hallway is dark, a curtain separates the vestibule from the rest of the flat. A red light perpetrates round the edges, clearly showing me where i am. I large sign on the wall displays my instructions. It says "Strip Naked then proceed".



I remove my clothes and hang them up. Despite knowing what is coming, my penis is getting hard, very hard. I move the curtain aside. My mistress stands before me. She wears a long black leather skirt, with a long slit up the side, i can clearly see her boots and stocking tops. She wears a white blouse, clearly displaying her black corset underneath. Her long brown hair is in a french pleat. She wears a collar and long black silk gloves. Oh such a heavenly sight.



She points to the first room, which i enter. Its a medical setup, gynacological examination chair sits in the middle, i'm told to get on, but i hesitate. I feel a sharp pain across my ass, then again and again, i cry out in pain and leap onto the chair. My mistress press a button and my arms and legs are locked shut. She pulls a strap across my neck, leaving me totally helpless. I see that she carrys a viscous looking riding crop, the source of my pain. I open my mouth so peak, but a ball gag is thrust in, i try hopelessly to reject it, but its a useless act, the straps and locked in place and the gag inflated in my mouth.



I can hear her sharp heels on the tiled floor, i hear a cupboard opening and closing. A gloved had grabs my still hard penis, and i feel a razor removing my pubic hair. Then, the hair on my balls is shaved, between my legs, on my legs, my ass as well. I'm being shaved naked.



Despite being totally helpess, the lack of hair makes me feel vulnerable, and humilated. Next i feel a sharp pain on my crotch, and a buzzing sound starts. This goes on for a good hour before it stops. Then suddenly the chair locks are released, my neck strap removed. I sit up in the chair, my mistress still has not spoken to me. I look down at my penis, now soft, and my shaved legs and balls, it looks strange, but not unpleasent. Then i notice the tatoo, "Property of Mistress Black 001". I'm branded for life.



She clicks her fingers and i stand up, she still holds the riding crop which she briefly threatens me with, so i jump to it, i'm also starting to get hard again, now i'm able to look at her. One sharp crack of the riding crop on my penis solves that, i collapse in pain, she starts to beat my back. "Up" she shouts, i struggle to my feat, my penis now soft and aching, my back and ass on fire.



My hands are grabbed roughly and pulled behind me, i feel the cold metal of the handcuffs locking my in place. A black collar is put round my neck, i notice it has loops round it. A small padlock is fitted to the clasp, the key goes on chain round my Mistresses neck.



She walks round me, the click of her heels resonating round the room, it is somehow erotic and despite my pain, i feel stirings in my penis again. I desparately try and think of something else, the fire i feel in my ass a ready reminder.



When i'd met claire i was amazed she was interested in me, she was told, big breasted, long brown hair, a shaply size 12, and intelligent. I considered myself my average. She said she was a lawyer, very his clas,s very secretive, long hours but well paid, so we simply didn't talk about her work. When we married i was the happiest man in the world. Did i know she was a whore? Of course not. A friend that she didnt know had let me in on the secret. I'm not a whore, i'm a bdsm mistress, i do not do sex with men, only girls, and only sometimes. There is only one man i want sexually and thats you. You never complain about the money so if you can't take this i'll leave". I was stunned, confused, my head was in a mess, but i managed a weak "No". "Perhaps if you came and had a session you'd understand?" she's said. It was a truely bizarre situation to be in, but we were in love and i was curious, so i said yes.



Standing in the room, with my mistress walking round me, running her glovd hand over my nipples, my ass, it felt so cool, so nice. I grew slowly hard,i was beaten again. Getting up was difficult, being handcuffed. I was soft again. "good boy" she said, you'll learn when you are allowed to be hard and when your not she said.



A leash was attached to my collar and i was led into the next room. As expected, it was a dungeon. I was strapped my an A frame device, which was bent forwards in the middle. Standing in front of me, my mistress removed her skirt and blouse, i instantly grew hard again. She explained the next step.



I was to be put into a chastity device and kept here at the flat. She wanted me, any way she could keep me. Then it hit me, i was to be enslaved.



To Be Continued.....









Review This Story
 || Email Author:  ScotSlave


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





