BDSM Library - Pam gets blackmailed




Pam gets blackmailed
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Step mother is caught red handed and becomes a sex slave.
This is just a work of fiction. Any similarity to real cases is unintentional.
If reading this is illegal for your age where you are, just leave right now and don't continue reading.
This story contains non-consensual sex, forced exhibition, blackmailing, incest, etc. Most things I don't agree with. If you feel offended with this kind of materials just leave now and don't continue reading.
If you reach this point, and like to go on reading, do it at your own responsibility. Enjoy this as much as you can!!



Main characters of this story

Jack
Age: 56
Summary: Tommy's father. Widowed 10 years ago and married Pam 5 years ago. Very wealthy indeed. His job usually makes him leave his home on business trips for several days (even a whole month).

Tommy
Age: 17
Summary: Jack's only son. He has never liked Pam. 

Pam
Age: 31
Summary: Loving mother only when Jack is at home, despises Tommy whenever Jack is not at home. Never liked to be Tommy's step mother. Married Jack mainly because of his money. Nice and firm body: Diet and gym makes wonders (specially if you don't have a job and don't work at home either). Usually cheats her husband with younger men when he is not at home.


Tommy and Pam are at home, Jack is on a business trip. Pam doesn't let Tommy to have some friends home, as a punishment... just for asking her to let him use her car!! So he is at home for a week with no car, no friends, no beer, she even instructed him to go home right from school.
Pam is going to have an informal meeting at home with some of her (female) friends this evening. Tommy is quite angry with her, because every time he reached his room to watch TV and browse the web she asked him for something (tidy some things in the garden, clean the swimming pool, move the furniture, ... just to have everything ready for this night. In the meantime she is just shouting the orders laying beside the pool, with a very tiny bikini, in order to tan as much as possible.
When the time arrives, her friends start to arrive, and she is just stunning (makeup, nice dress, stillettos, hairdresser). They start chitchatting as soon as they arrive. 
Again, every time Tommy reaches his room, Pam calls him to request him to help her with food, beverages, and whatever. Tommy is becoming really angry with her, but disobeying would only result in more punishment.
The following day he goes to scool with a big grin in his face, which calls Pam's attention immediately, but she disregards this shortly thought. When he comes back from school, he switches on the main TV in the living room, which is something she usually doesn't allow him to do (she keeps the 29" for herself and allows him to use his old 19"). She starts shouting immediately: "I told you thousands of times NOT to use this TV. You have your own one in your bedroom. Switch this off right now... ". 
He just smiles and watch the TV. "Do you remember what happened yesterday after your frieds left?". She blushed. The night before, when her friends left, she checked that Tommy was asleep and phoned one of her lovers. They'd had sex passionately in the living room. But now, with this question, he might know something. "It's none of your business, but if you want to know I went to bed" she lied "and if you go with those lies of me having lovers to your father once more I'll punish you really hard this time". 
"Are you sure, Mom? Do you remember that Dad installed a new CCTV security system? Well, let's see what we have here..." and presses Play on the DVD player. 
There she was, sucking, fucking, cumming like if there was no tomorrow. "Are you sure that Dad will not trust me this time? I guess that this time you would end up with no husband, no money, no car, no gym, and no expensive dresses". 
"Please, don't show this to your father, he'll be very upset with it."
"Upset? He'll be furious. He thinks he can trust you. I can't find a good reason not to show this to him." 
"OK. What would you ask for your silence? A car for yourself?" 
"A car is not enough. I want you to be my complete slave, to obey my orders with no hesitation, no questioning..." 
"In your dreams!! You are crazy if you think I'll obey a 17 years old asshole" 
"OK, I was just expecting this. Don't worry, I have to send an e-mail to Daddy"
"OK, please don't send this to him. I'll do whatever you like" 
"Good! That's the attitude I like from you. Strip naked!!" 
"What?!!" 
"Are you deaf or stupid? That was a simple order" 
"I won't do this, you are my son, for God's sake!!" 
"I am not your son, and if you are not naked within the next 3 minutes I send the e-mail" 
She realized that there was no room for negotiation and started undressing slowly, until she was in only her bra and panties. "What are you waiting for? You still have some clothes on!". When she was finally naked she tried to cover with arms and hands her tits and pussy, red in shame "Stand straight, fingers locked behind your head, elbows stretched behind as much as you can, legs spread" 
She does so, crying. She feels trapped, ashamed, humiliated, and hopless. He grabs one of her nipples until it hardens "Nice tits. It seems that Daddy made a good choice with you. I don't like your landing strip, though, so you are going to shave on a daily basis from now on".
"On your knees: Let's check whether you are a good sucker or not. Unzip my trousers!!" 
She does so and starts licking, helping with her hands "No licking and no hands, just suck me deepthrought" She can't believe this. She feels his hard 9 inch cock going back and forth, down on her through and out, again down and out. He grabs her from behind her head and pushes as deep as possible, making her choke. "I'm about to cum. Just swallow everything, dont't waste a single drop" She couldn't believe this. 
He finally cums, and she swallows up to the last drop.
"We are now going to establish our ground rules from now on. We'll have two sets of rules: One for when daddy is at home, and another one when he is not"When Daddy is NOT at home:1- You are going to start every morning naked, until I tell you what to wear2- You are going to suck me every morning3- You are going to refer to me as "Master"4- You are going to obey my commands immediately, with no hesitation, and no questioning5- You are going to refer to yourself in third person and as "This slave" or "This slut", no names allowed6- Whenever you don't have any specific orders, you are going to wait with your hands locked behind your head, elbows spread behind, legs spread (either stand up or on your knees).
When Daddy is at home:1- You are going to obey my commands immediately, with no hesitation, and no questioning. Just to keep our secret, I'll precede every order with "Why don't you try to", "Wouldn't you like to" or any other phrase I find appropriate. You'll know that it's an order, though.
Both when Daddy is at home and when he is not:1- You are not going to have lovers anymore, except the ones I ask you to fuck2- You are going to shave your pussy on a daily basis
"Am I been clear enough?"
"Yes"
He slaps her ass "How do you refer to me when daddy is not at home, you stupid bitch?"
"Yes, Master. This slave just forgot these simple rules"
"Right!! Though quite stupid you seem to be a fast learner"
He punishes her for this disobedience by leaving her naked for the rest of the afternoon. When she was laying the table to have dinner he tells her "Bitch: Bend over the table, I'll fuck your ass"
"Please, I'll do whatever you want, but don't fuck my ass, I am still virgin back there"
Slap!! "How do you refer to me, bitch? I'll fuck your ass, and you are still going to do whatever I want. Bend over!!"
She cries but bends over the table to let him assfuck her. Pain is incredible, she feels like she is being ripped apart by his tool. 
The next day, the first with the new rules, she wakes up naked, sucks him, and adopts the instructed position (rule #6 above). He instructs her to have a shower, and waits her with the clothing allowed for the day: Sheer blouse, short skirt, stillettos, no bra, and no panties.
When he returns back from school, he brings Fred, a friend of him. "Hi, Mom. How are things going?". 
"Fine, thanks. And what about you?"
"You already know Fred..."
"Hi, Fred"
"We are going to study together for a test"
"OK"
Both guys go to Tommy's bedroom, and she feels like naked with the clothing he instructed him to use for today. About half an hour later, Tommy comes down with a little thing in his hand. "Bitch. I want you to fuck Fred, but you have to make this look casual, so put this behind your ear and follow my instructions. Change into the smallest bikini you can find and go to suntan beside the swimming pool"
She can't believe what she is hearing. One thing was being a slave to this bastard, and another one very different is to fuck this friend of him, which she didn't know very well and wasn't even nice looking. But she knew she didn't have any option. So she goes to her room and comes back with a very tiny white bikini, goes to the pool, and lays face down. After only a few minutes, both boys arrive. "Hi, Mom. We are going to play around here. Do you mind?"
"It's OK with me. Don't worry". They dive for a while, swim a little bit, but after a while Tommy goes up to his bedroom again. As soon as he arrives he starts transmitting orders through the earphone to Pam:
"OK, Bitch. Take your tanning lotion bottle, hand it to him, and tell him exactly 'Would you mind helping me with this?'. Try to sound sexy, remember what all this should lead us to". She blushes but makes the effort, smiles at Fred with the bottle in her hand and repeats the right question.
"Of course I don't" Fred answers. As soon as he starts rubbing the lotion in her back, she hears the new instructions: "Untie your bikini top and tell him 'I think this might help a little bit'" She does so. As she is still face down, her tits remain hidden to his sight. It is more than obvious that Fred is feeling very excited with what he is doing. He rubs her slowly but endlessly, reaching each time further from the previous one.
"Now pay attention, slut. You are goint to throw away your bikini top, turn face up, lock your hands behind your head, and tell him 'Do you mind? I would also like you to help me with the other half'". She blushes just for the thought, and doesn't obey Tommy immediately. "OK. You've disobeyed me. Now you are not only going to let him fuck you, but you are going to use two of your holes. This punishment will teach you about your future disobediences. Now: Turn face up!!" She does so, red in shame, and repeats the exact phrase.
"Of course I don't mind!" and he starts rubbing her tits. The bulk in his shorts seem like going to rip a hole in the front part.
"Bitch, tell him this: 'I can throw away the bikini bottoms, if it doesn't make you feel unease. It will help you with your task if you don't have so many strings bothering you'. But this time smile sexily to him. I want him to know you want to fuck him." She does. He starts rubbing her pussy, and her body starts betraying her. Her pussy is becoming more and more wet every instant. She closes her eyes and he starts rubbing her clit very energically. Only a while after this, she starts feeling an orgasm growing inside her. She feels ashamed but excited at the same time. When it arrives its like an electric shock.
"Nice, bitch. I knew from the very beginning you were not suffering this situation. Now start sucking him" She starts to get him naked, and his cock jups immediately. She couldn't believe this brat has such a big cock, specially for his age. She starts sucking him. Fred enjoys this a lot, and Pam tries her best not to choke with every push. 
Fred says "Would you mind if we try a 69? It would be great!!" She agrees and he starts fucking her mouth violently. Unfortunately for her she is already laying face up in the ground, so she can't move her head further away from his tool, and she can't swing it to the sides either, as he has his thigs on both sides of her head. In this position he has full access to her tits and cunt... and he takes advantage of both possibilities!!
"Remember that he has to fuck you in two of your fuckable holes, don't let him cum yet." She couldn't believe this. She was about to come once more she gently pushes him (she couldn't speak very well with her mounth filled with cock), and tells him "Please fuck me hard, I can't wait any longer"
"Let me fuck your ass first. Most girls my age don't let us do so"
A buzz in the earphone and the commanding voice "Of course he can fuck your ass!!". She puts on her fours and he starts fucking her from behind, grabbing one nipple with his right hand and her clit with his left hand, while fucking her ass. The pain for her is unbearable, but within a few minutes a new orgasm is building, and any effort she makes to avoid it is useless. She cums with a strong shout. With her orgasm, her ass tightens and this leads to his cumming inside her ass.
"Bitch: Lick him clean" Her shame was on its highest mark. The mix of smell and tastes (her shit plus his cum) makes this to be very disgusting. 
When she finishes, Fred tells her: "I didn't know it was going to be so nice to study for an exam. I promise I'll do this very often from now on. I knew that your husband travels a lot, but I didn't know you were so horny" She thanks him and he starts dressing to go up to study, hoping that Tommy doesn't realize what has just happened, and unaware that Tommy himself was who has made his stepmom behave like a whore.
That evening, after preparing dinner for both Tommy and herself in the nude, Tommy calls her: "Bitch. From now on, and taking into consideration how hot you are, and your need to cum, you are going to add a new routine for each day daddy is not at home. Every night, after dinner and before going to bed, you are going to finger yourself until you cum. I am then going to check you have not faked your orgasm. We can start right now: Start, bitch!!" She realizes she doesn't have a reasonable option, and starts rubbing her clit with her eyes closed, under the table. 
"Your brains are not working. I can't even see you like this. Go to the armchair, spread your legs wide, place one of your knees on top of each of the armchair's arms, and mean it. I want your eyes and mouth opened, and the tip of your tongue touching your upper lip." She can't believe what she was being asked to do, but does it.
A whole week after, while Fred is back at home, everything seems to be normal again, except that she wears more revealing clothes, and asks him for sex more frequently (pushed by Tommy, of course, but Jack doesn't know about this). But when he leaves again, good times (for Pam) are over. The shameful routine of nudity, humiliation, sex, starts once more. Usually naked at home, waking up with the obligation to suck Tommy and obey his every wish, and covering (most of the times partially, only with sheer clothing) to hide this situation from the maid, gardener, neighbours, and other people around.
After a couple of days, Tommy comes back from school and tells her "I am organizing a party with some of my mates, and we don't want to pay for a stripper. So I've offered to get one for free. Do you guess who is gonna be?"
"Please don't. I can suck you forever, if you wish, but don't force to show my parts in public"
"It seems that you've already forgotten the right way to treat me. Of course you are going to suck me forever, that was not in doubt. We are going to find a suitable punishment for you. But right now you are going to come with me to the party."
That evening she goes with Tommy to the party. She feels partially relieved because he told her she would be wearing a mask during the show, so as to let her show everything except her face. That should keep her identity hidden from the guys. While in the car, on the trip to one of the guy's home where the party is going to start, he tells her that he is going to be kind of the presenter, or party coordinator, so as to be able to give her orders without having everyone suspecting. She is wearing (besides the mask, of course) a lot more clothing than the one he allowed her to use for the last days. He instructed her to do so in order to stretch the show time as much as possible.
When they arrive, the door opens and one of Tommy's fellow mates tells him "Hi, dude. I see you've kept your offer for the stripper"
"Yeah. Just an old cow, but the only thing I could get for free". She feels ashamed just for the way Tommy refers to her.
"Come on in. Almost everyone has arrived. You can start the show in just a few minutes. You can have a drink if you wish". Both Tommy and Pam have a drink, and he tells her to have a couple of them more to relieve her inhibitions for the show. When nobody else is missing, and it is the right time for the show, Tommy picks the microphone and starts the introductions.
"Hi everyone. We all know why she is here. We are going to do as follows: She is just going to dance with her hands behind her head. She is not going to take her clothes off."
"Boooooooh!!!"
"The good news are that we are going to take them off for her. If anyone touches her 'accidentally' while doing so, it just doesn't matter. I'll take the first ones as an example and call you one by one to do the same with the rest of them. By no means you are allowed to see her face, so the mask stays where it is. Let the music start!!" The music starts and Pam starts dancing as instructed. Tommy stands behind her and starts unzipping her jacket and, in the meantime, fondling her breasts and pressing his cock to her back. "Don't stop dancing, bitch." When her jacket is unzipped, he is still mauling her tits, and rubbing her nipples through her blouse and bra. After a long while, and with the guys becoming impatient, he finally takes her jacket off and calls the first guy: "Johnny, the blouse is yours"
Johnny approaches and gives a similar show, unbuttoning her blouse slowly and fondling her tits a lot in the meantime. She feels her nipples as if they were going to poke through the flimsy fabric. When the blouse is finally out of sight, she is dancing there, in front of a room full of teenage guys displaying a revealing half-cup bra. "Jack: The skirt is just waiting for you"
Jack approaches and, even before touching the skirt, he mauls her tits for a while. Then he unbuttons and unzips the skirt but holds it in place pressing her from behind. She can feel his hard-on in her back. He slides his fingers inside the skirt and fingers her through her panties. She starts getting wet... and this makes him smile. He finally releases her skirt. Pam is dancing in just her bra and panties. "Fred, the bra is yours"
Fred approaches with a big grin. He unclasps the bra immediately, but lets it stay in it's place while he, as his mates have done before, stands behind Pam pushing his hard-on and mauls her tits. Pam's tits are obviously visible at this moment, it is only that the bra is still on. He pinches her nipples, twists them, and then changes his place to her front and sucks her nipples hard. As his hands are free, he can finger her clit a little bit. The bra has gone "Larry: You can have her panties"
Larry approaches, stands behind her, and starts mauling her uncovered tits. Once her nipples are rock hard he slides his hand under her panties and starts rubbing her clit. Pam thinks she is going to cum anytime, but when the panties reach the floor, Tommy takes the microphone and announces "This is quite an unfair situation. We are about 15 here and this bitch brought just 5 pieces of clothing. We have to play some little games for the rest of you. Kim, darling, do you really mind to have your cunt licked in front of us? That would be quite a turn-on for the rest of us". Pam can't believe what she is hearing, not only a girl was watching the show but she is also going to lick her cunt.
Kim answers "Of course I don't mind. You already know I'm a lez, and this bitch has just put quite a show for us. I'm almost boiling. I don't mind showing you anything, as long as it doesn't involve sex with men"
"You've heard her, bitch, start licking her cunt until she comes. You can start with her nipples, as a warm-up, and move to her clit only when she allows you to do so. Don't use your hands" Tommy orders Pam. Pam thinks this is just disgusting, but can't quarrel. Kim is laying face up on the floor, and Pam, on her fours, starts licking her nipples, not very hard.
"It seems that the bitch is needing someone to help her to get turned on. Who wants to fuck her?" Pam can't believe this, and starts licking Kim's nipples as if there were no tomorrow. But it's already late, one of the guys obviously volunteered to fuck her. She feels his tool entering her cunt from behind and his hands grabbing her tits strongly. After a while, and when he hasn't yet came, he starts fucking her ass quickly and deeply, and cums inside her ass. Tommy says "Bitch, you've left him dirty. Lick him clean". She stops licking Kim and does so with the guys dick, which tastes awfully, by the way.
Once finished, she turns round and continues with Kim's nipples. Kim starts feeling hot, and orders Pam to lick her clit. Pam does so until Kim cums in her mouth. "Wow, what a show!!" Tommy says.
"Now, as she needs to be punished, we are going to take charge of that. She is going to suck and fuck each of us. But as an added challenge, we are going to slap her ass in the meantime. The routine will be as follows: The volunteer is going to sit in the chair with his dick exposed. The bitch is going to suck him. When he is about to cum, he is going to choose if he wants to cum in her mouth, ass, or cunt. If the volunteer wants to cum in her mouth, he is just going to do so, but whatever else the hole he chooses, he is going to request the bitch to fuck him. While she sucks the volunteer, the volunteer is going to slap her ass vigorously. This way, the better she sucks, the faster this will end. Please form in line, the ones that have participated in the strip show please form in the last place.". Pam still can't believe what's happening. This was a lot more than the strip show Tommy has informed at home.
"The first volunteer is ready, bitch, start working" She kneels in front of the chair, but before she starts sucking, Tommy says "Hey, bitch. This way nobody is going to be able to spank your ass. Stand with your knees straight, feet about shoulder length apart. This way you show us your holes and you leave your cheeks available for spanking. It will be nice to look at the reddish tone your cheeks will get." She obeys, starts sucking without using her hands, and the first guy starts spanking her hard. She makes a great effort, because she knows that the faster he cums, the better. This guy chooses to cum in her ass.
After the third guy, the pain in her ass starts to feel like unbearable. So she approaches Tommy and asks him to let her skip the rest of the lads. "Bitch: Your work is far from being over. Resume sucking. I can always ask you to give me your mask and reveal your indentity". She realizes that there is no way out of this and starts sucking the following guy. 
When the last guy is over, her ass is bright red, she has cum about thre or four times (and hasn't been allowed to stop sucking, even to cum), and is completely wet in sweat, with cum dripping on her ass and cunt, and her mouth sore.
"Kim, darling. It seems that you still want to play" Everyone turns round to look at Kim. She is completely naked, except for a strap-on dildo, which is twice the size of a big real dick. "Believe me. When I brought this little toy I wasn't even sure to show this to you. But after such a show I want to fuck her too" Pam couldn't believe this.
Kim sits in the chair, Pam stares at Tommy, and he says "OK, bitch. You already know what to do. Of course this time you can use your fingers while you suck". Pam can't believe this. There is no way this huge thing is could fit in her mouth. But she knows there is no option, so she starts working on it with her tongue. "Open your mouth, bitch" and she does so.
Kim, instead of just spanking her ass, placed her hands behind Pams head and pushed until the dildo's base was touching Pam's chin. Pam is choking, but sucks it as good as she can, until Kim tells her to fuck her ass. Kim enters Pam's ass violently. Pam thinks the monster is going to rip her apart. But this finally is over.
"Guys" says Tommy "the bitch has given us a nice show, I think she deserves a reward for her performance. As I can see, all of you are hard again, why don't we reward her with a bukkake?" They all agree with him.
"Bitch: Lay on the floor, face up, and start fingering your clit. Each time someone cums in you you suck him clean, and thank him." She lays on the floor and starts fingering. One by one, all the guys cum on her, leaving her soaked with semen. She licks everyone. In the meantime, she comes about twice more.
"OK everyone. The show is over" claims Tommy "I hope everyone enjoyed this as much as I did". Pam obviously didn't. She picks up her blouse and skirt, Tommy didn't let her use her jacket, and her undies were nowhere to be found. She is quite a show: Flimsy blouse sticked to her body with cum, and the shortest possible skirt without undies. As if this were not humiliating enough, Tommy leaves her a few blocks away from home, so as to let everyone see her almost naked walking.
Her cunt, ass hole, ass cheeks, and throat remain sore for days. Though in pain, she is still forced to keep to the daily routine. She hopes Jack comes back home soon. 
A few days later, Tommy comes back from school and, after making Pam suck him, he tells her "Come on, bitch, we are going shopping. Let's choose your clothing". He chooses kind of revealing clothes: Sheer blouse, no bra, short skirt, tinyest possible panties, stillettos. Pam can't believe she is going shopping dressed like a whore.
Once in the car, Tommy tells her "Bitch: As we already know you are a whore, and you like to display your skin in public, we are going to buy you clothes accordingly. As we don't have much money, you are going to pay for them with your body. Remember to obey every command I give you"
"Yes, Master"
"You can start right now. Finger yourself until you cum, and better mean it, because if you don't cum before we arrive to the shopping you are going to get punished. Believe me you are not going to enjoy your punishment" She starts fingering her clit, afraid that someone can get a look at her through the car's window. She feels the orgasm building inside until she cums. Tommy inserts three fingers in her pussy to check it hasn't been faked. "You are dressed quite conservatively"
"What??"
"That is not the way you should address to me, bitch"
"This slave is very sorry, master. Please forgive this slave"
"You are going to be punished for that, bitch. Unbutton the three top buttons of your blouse and lift your skirt at least a whole inch. Leave your panties on the floor, you are not going to use them" She does so. Of course there is a lot of danger of showing skin, as her blouse is buttoned just up to below her tits, and her skirt is at her cunt level.
They leave the car at the parking lot and go to the mall. Tommy chooses a shoe shop with a young guy in there. 
"Hi: How can I help you?"
"We are looking for stillettos. The ones she is wearing are only 3 inches tall, we would like to look for at least 5 inches ones" Tommy says. The guy leaves the room to look for the shoes and comes back in a few minutes with five boxes.
"Darling: Would you please sit in that chair so as to let him help you?" Tommy tells Pam. He then speaks in her ear, without letting the guy hear what he is saying "... and be sure he gets a full view of your cunt and ass. Spread wide and don't hide anything". She feels ashamed but does what she is being asked to do.
The guy in the shop kneels and opens the first box. As soon as he lifts his sight to speak to her he remains there speechless, with his mouth open. He can't believe what he is seeing. After quite a while, he finishes all the boxes and asks "Which of them do you like most? Would you like to try on something else?"
"We would like to buy the pink ones" says Tommy "How much do they cost?"
"Let me see... $179.99, but I can leave them to you in just $130.-"
"OK" Tommy confirms "We'll take them"
The guy picks the remaining boxes and leaves the room. Tommy tells Pam "Take this, bitch" and hands her a $50.- bill "and offer him something else for the rest"
"Yes, Master"
When the guy comes back, Pam is bright red. "There is a little problem, sir" she tells the guy "I've just checked my purse and all the money I have is this" and hands him the $50.- bill. She rubs lightly her right tit and asks him with a (fake) smile "Do you mind if I pay you the rest with some kind of service?"
The guy almost explodes with this proposal "OK. I can close the shop for a while, we go to the back room, and you suck and fuck me. I'll pay for the rest". She obviously agrees. The guy closes the shop and puts a note in the glass 'Back in a few minutes'
The three of them go to the back room, Tommy asks the guy "I guess that it would be better to have her naked, don't you think so?"
"Of course". Pam undresses, knowing there is no real option to this. The guy sits on a chair and asks her to approach. "Let me suck your tits" She just stands besides him while he fondles her tits and sucks her nipples. With his free hand he fingers her clit. He the asks her to take his dick. She does so and starts sucking him with her knees straight and feet apart, as has been taught to her before. While she sucks the guy Tommy fucks her ass from behind "She likes to have it in her ass, if you prefer to follow my advise"
Both Tommy and the guy cum almost together, so Pam is asked to turn round and fuck the guy with her ass, while licking Tommy clean. When the guy came for the second time she licked him clean.
She gets dressed, and the three of them go to the front room. The guy is in a very good mood for the rest of the day!! 
Tommy and Pam go back home. Tommy leaves her again quite a few blocks away, this time with the new shoes. "Do walk quickly. If you are not at home within the next 4 minutes you are going to get punished. Don't use your hands to cover your tits, ass, or cunt. I am going to look at you.". So she walks home swaying her tits (because she is walking quickly), her ass (because of the new stillettos), and cunt (because of the short skirt). Things worsens when she was just about a hundred yards away from home, as one of her nipples slips out of the blouse. She arrives home and rings the bell, hoping that no one has noticed her 'accident' with her tit.
Jack comes back the very next day and stays home for about two weeks. During this time, Pam gets relieved, as Tommy has a very limited opportunity to have her. Unfortunately for her, this doesn't last forever, and when Jack leaves Tommy resumes his activity as Pam's Master. The daily routine starts again.
Tommy and Pam go together by car to nowhere special. While in the car, Tommy explains Pam that he wants her to get $1,000.- just with her body, but he doesn't want to wait for them more than 45 minutes time. With this instruction he leaves her at the entrance of a place where a big tower is being built. Pam can't imagine herself fucking lots of sweaty construction workers for just $30 to $50 each, but there she is, with a sheer blouse, no bra, short skirt, no panties, and 5 inch stilletos, ... and almost no time to start working if she doesn't want an extra punishment. So she gets in the worksite and starts wandering, swaying her hips, and smiling to everyone.
After a few minutes a small crowd is following her, so she says in a loud voice "OK, guys. I know what you want from me. Anyone who wants to fuck me shall pay $50.-, a handjob is just $20.-, and if the rest of you likes to see me naked and working that's for free". 
The horny guys don't let her even finish her speech and start giving her money, undressing her, and fucking her at a rate of two or three at a time. She tries to get things more organized but no one pays her attention. She ends up soaked in cum, laying on the dirty floor, smelling like a cow, and naked. She takes the $1,640.- she has got and looks at her wrist watch... OH, NO!! THERE ARE ONLY 4 MINUTES LEFT!!! she starts dressing but can't button her blouse, nor tide up her skirt. So has to run with her blouse sticked with drying cum to her tits and her cunt visible under her skirt, raising lots of whistles before reaching the entrance. When Tommy sees her he claims "Bitch: Seems like you don't need buttons on that blouse anymore. You are late, by the way. Remind me to punish you"
"No, please. Believe me I did my best effort to arrive on time. I can give you all the money, if you wish, I've raised more than what you need"
"Bitch: You obviously need more education. You still don't know how to address to your master. You are of course going to give me ALL the money, but you are going to get twice the punishment"
"Yes, master. This slave deserves that. This slave is very sorry" she corrects immediately.
"The first punishment is going to be to show your tits in public. So use your blouse to clean yourself and throw it away through the window.". She does it, red in shame and almost crying. She closes her eyes hoping that nobody realizes she is naked. At first she thinks that it would be better to cover her tits with her hands, or to lower her body below the window, but she realizes that this would only add a new punishment. When they arrive home, she has to be naked outside until he unlocks the door and opens it. As soon as she enters the house she strips naked as per the general rules and, as Tommy climbed up to his bedroom, she waits for him on her knees, spread wide, hands locked behind her head and elbows stretched behind.
When he comes down again, he brings something really weird. It's like if someone has picked a straight plastic stick, two inches diameter, and bent it into a 'U' shape. The straight part of the 'U' are about eleven or twelve inches, and in the internal part of the curved section there was a tiny red button. "Bitch: I've saved this toy to you. You are going to place one tip on your ass and the other one in your cunt. If the red button is not pressed to your body between both holes for five minutes the capacitor is going to give you an electric shock, so fuck this toy strongly". He presses the button and releases it "Now you have five minutes to insert this deeply inside your holes"
She starts working, but it is huge for her. Five minutes after she is still working and an electric shock makes her shout very loud. "Bitch: You better improve your performance, because if the button remains released you are going to get one shock every minute". She hurries up and the second shock never arrives. She is suffering quite a lot, but doesn't spell a word. 
Six hours after, after lunch and before going to bed, Tommy tells Pam "I know you've had a lot of sexual stress during this day. You are going to be allowed to relieve that before leaving the toy. Play with your nipples with both hands, bitch" she starts doing as instructed. "Now fondle your whole tits" she obeys. "Now finger your clit until you cum" she obeys again. When she was about to cum he approaches her and makes her suck him. When she cums he doesn't allow her to stop sucking, so she makes an extra effort to keep working. He cums and she swallows up to the last drop. "Now you can leave the toy. It seems that you've enjoyed your second punishment quite a lot!!"






























Review This Story
 || Email Author:  The Best


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





