BDSM Library - Masters Trapp




Masters Trapp
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A boastfull would be Master is tricked, captured and reduced to the status of pleasure slave







Master Trapp

 
  CyberCity
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  5
  2007-05-13T18:28:00Z
  2007-05-13T18:28:00Z
  8
  2266
  12920
  Maru
  107
  30
  15156
  12.00
 




 
  Clean
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-unhide:no;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman","serif";}


 

 
  
 






Master Trapp

&nbsp;

An apprentice Master asked to visit me and
I agreed. I suggested
he stay in a motel within easy walking distance and come
over to my place at around 6pm. 


When he arrived he was wearing a black sleeveless muscle
shirt and grey pants. He was around fifty but with a solid
body and judging by the hairs on his arms a reasonably hairy
one. 


He introduced himself as an apprentice who believed the
time had come for a senior Master such as myself to
agree
that he had graduated and could now call himself a Master.



he talked a lot and as I went through the bag he had
handed
me containing the tools of his trade I began to wonder how
this brash (would be master) might look without his clothing
and hanging by his wrists from the exposed beam that ran
the length of my lounge. 


The bag contained many coils of rope, a gag, hood, whips,
butt plugs and an assortment of vicious looking nipple
clamps. 


I noticed that there were no handcuffs and asked him how
he immobilised his slaves and what he did with them. 


He told me he was a rope Master and took off his top exposing
a good lightly hairy body but what surprised me was that
it was crisscrossed with tight knotted rope, (Japanese
style) which disappeared below the waist band of his trousers.



I admired the way the tight ropes around the chest in particular
forced his tits and nipples to thrust forward and immediately
began to daydream about what I might like to do with them
if I could trick him into becoming my slave. 


I asked him to show me the rest of the tie by stripping off
his trousers but he refused pointing out that doing so would
make him no better than a slave and that as a master that would
never happen. 


I just smiled and nodded thinking my chance would come sooner
or later. 


He then pointed out that the body tie he was wearing did not
constrain him in any way and that he wore it to show off how
he ties his slaves and explained that it goes all the way
down the front is knotted just above the cock and tightly
below the balls before being pulled through the legs and
wrapped around the top of the thighs. Thus leaving his slaves
arse and crack clear and available to their Master. 


I asked him once again to show me and again he refused. 


He then, following my eyes, spotted the exposed beam and
bragged that he often vertically suspended his slaves
from such a beam. I asked how given the absence of leather
cuffs and he replied that he did it with rope. 


He was so full of himself and his abilities that when I asked
him how that would work he proceeded to show me how with my
help he could wrap a length of rope up to six times around
the wrist and knot it off so that it is tight enough not to
be able to slip over the hand but loose enough to be able to
slip a second very short length of rope through all of the
coils and tie it off forming a closed loop that when pulled
gathered all the other rope coiled about the wrist. 


This little demo left him still free and still full of himself
as he pulled on the small loop which were it to be placed over
a hook would leave the wrist tightly trapped and unable
to be freed unless the other hand could be used to slip it
off the hook. 


I saw my chance and was full of admiration and asked if I could
try that on his other wrist to see that I could do it right.
With his expert (if very boastful tutoring) I got it right
and pulling reasonably hard on the small loop on that wrist
noted with satisfaction that while he was still free. Both
wrists now had ties in place. 


Enjoying myself I asked him if the same system worked on
the ankles and he immediately sat on my couch and set about
looping another rope several times around the left ankle.
I kept telling him how clever he was as I did the same to his
right ankle and how I had never seen anything like this before
in all my years as a Master and marvelled at how simple rope
could be used so well. 


When he had finished and stood. I asked if the rope on the
wrists might not cause rope burns if indeed it was
required
to take a portion of the slaves weight. 


He fell for it and told me to throw a rope over the beam and
pull him onto his tip toes. I did as he said using his right
wrist and once he was on his toes knotted it off. His left
arm hung at his side as he twisted and turned still bragging
about what a safe secure tie this was and then asked me to
untie him and admit that he was indeed no longer an apprentice
master in that he had taught me something. 


I pretended not to hear as I slung another rope over the beam
about a meter away to the left and swiftly threaded it through
the small loop on his left wrist. He protested but I said it was hard to tell
how good the tie
was, unless both arms were up and before he could object,
hauled the rope tight securing him on his toes with both
wrist tethered apart slightly wider than his shoulders.



He immediately became agitated and demanded I free him
as one Master to another. 


I simply smiled as I pulled up a chair and sat in front of my
victim just out of kicking distance. I liked the look of
his straining muscles and his pants had slipped a little
from his exertion as he flailed and kicked in an effort to
get free. 


I slowly and deliberately emptied the bag in front of him,
I picked up some more lengths of rope and walked around behind
him he aimed a kick at me but I simply caught the ankle, pulled
off his trousers, threaded my rope through the loop and
dragged the leg sideways tethering it to a large weight
he hadn't noticed. 


I then grabbed the other ankle and again slipping the rope
through the loop tethered it out the other side. 


He began to mouth obscenities about how I had deceived him
and so I used his own gag to silence him before going back
to my seat. 


What a lovely sight, I now had a brand new slave, a naked captive,
his arms and legs stretched in a vertical spread eagle,
every muscle taut and straining. I stood slowly and spoke
softly to him telling him that he was quite right he was no
longer an apprentice Master but a naked pleasure slave
and that if he became aroused in any way over the next hour
or so that would prove that he was always meant to be a slave
and not a Master as he had so fondly described himself. 


I then ran my hands over every inch of his naked, displayed
body. I noted his nipples harden as I played with them and
his cock also began to respond magnificently to my touch.



I repeated that these things proved he was a slave and had
no right to pretend to be a Master. I saw the anguish in his
eyes as I lifted his chin and made him look at my eyes. I told
him if he was prepared to admit now that I was right I would
let him down and retie him spread eagled face down on the
bed fuck him like the whore he obviously was. 


He shook his head violently from side to side and mumbled
through his gag that I could go to hell. I simply held his
eye as my fingers slid to his nipples and I squeezed them
tightly. 


I then returned to the bag, saying there was no hurry but
that whenever he was ready he just needed to nod in the affirmative.



This brought on more struggling which increased as I walked
behind him and slid my fingers up his inside leg and parted
his cheeks. I discovered that while he could not close his
legs because of the rope to the weights each side he could
open them and move whenever I touched him, so I threaded
a second rope through each ankle tie and and cinched it between
his legs thus ensuring he could neither move them apart
or together as I finished I slapped his bum and again fingered
and opened his cheeks explaining to him that this was quite
normal for a slave as all Masters may examine their slaves
whenever and wherever they wish and or display them for
their friends. 


I came back to the front and lifted his chin again. Psychologically
he was becoming a slave, all be it very reluctantly. I admired
his own rope harness handiwork and showed him how I could
arrange the tight ropes around his chest to force his tits
out like a whores and flicked the hardening nipples with
my finger nails. 


I sat again and watched him like a cat with a mouse while I
examined a pair of metal nipple clamps linked by a chain
as I stood up with them and moved forward he began to struggle
again. I told him not to waste his energy but to simply nod his head when he
was ready to
admit to being my slave. Once again he shook it and looked
fiercely at me. 


I laughed as I hardened each nipple in turn before clamping
them, leaving the chain dangling across his chest. I then
pulled gently on it and watched the pain flickering in his
eyes. 


I then moved behind him and ran my fingers up the inside of
his thighs and into his crack penetrating his anus. He could
do nothing but clench and unclench his buttocks at this
violation of his body. Each time he clenched I slapped his
bare cheeks harder and harder as they reddened and warmed
up to my touch. 


I told him his buns were great but his hole was far to tight
and needed to be stretched and plugged before he could be
comfortably fucked by me or any of my friends, this brought
on more struggling and I returned to my chair to enjoy the
spectacle of his naked body which was beginning to sweat
from his exertions and the attention it was receiving.



I again sorted through the bag and produced a large butt
plug and some lube. I stood directly in front of him and lubed
the plug before his horror filled eyes and asked him once
again if he was ready to submit. 


I was genuinely pleased that once again he declined and
I moved behind him again. This time I massaged the strong
muscles in his legs and thighs moving inexorably higher
with each stroke as I moved into his crack. I then lubed his
hole with my finger and pushed the butt plug in and out slowly
as his sphincter relaxed and opened slowly to receive it.
Finally with a last push his sphincter closed over the bulbous
portion closed on the narrow neck. 


I returned to his front and asked if I removed his gag would
he at least be quiet and respectful while not yet submitting
to be a slave. He nodded agreement and I released his gag.



I then moved into him crushing his clamped nipples with
my chest and forcing my knee gently into his cock and balls
and kissed him long and hard probing him with my tongue.
He could do nothing but despite his pain he began to kiss
back. I thought the battle for this slave is nearly won.
I then moved down his body and began to blow him, as he hardened
I grabbed his cheeks and forced him to thrust into my mouth.



In a very short space of time his hips were bucking of their
own accord and I kept manipulating him by hand as I pulled
on the chain between his clamped nipples and grabbed a shot
glass to catch his cum. 


When he came it was hot thick and creamy and I got most of it
in the glass. I held the glass up to his face and asked him
how he now felt about being my slave but he simple begged
me to remove the nipple clamps and let him down. 


He was clearly exhausted and in pain but was still resisting
the acceptance of his fate as my slave. 


I realised he needed more training but bent and slightly
released his ankle ropes so he could bring his legs a little
closer together and get off tip toes. I also released his
right wrist from the beam rope but held it by the loop while
I attached another length to it and then swiftly brought
that wrist down behind his back, reached through his legs
and swiftly tied it around his cock and balls. I then untied
the right wrist and completed the same manoeuvre. Both
wrists were now secured separately behind his back through
his legs to his cock and balls. 


He was greatly relieved to have his arms lowered but still
had no ability to make the escape he had hoped for. I then
set about looping rope about both wrists and tying them
together, including a cinch rope running between them
and leaving a length of rope dangling on the ground. I could
then untie the ropes connected to his cock and balls and
once again sit down and observe my captive who stood naked
before me, his ankles still secured to the weights and testing
the strength of the rope around his wrists to no avail. he
wasn't going anywhere. 


I put the question to him again but he simply hung his head
and wouldn't answer. I pointed out that if he wasn't
prepared to talk he may as well be gagged and proceeded to
re gag him. 


I then took the length of rope hanging from his roped wrists
and through it over the beam and hauled his wrists skyward
but this time because they were tied behind his back he was
forced to bend double. I tied it off so that he was moderately
uncomfortable with his head precisely at my cock height
and his back parallel to the floor. 


I then pulled the weights connected to his ankles around
so that once again his legs were stretched as far apart as
the other rope between his ankles would allow but this time
his body was in line with the beam. I then linked another
rope into the back of his harness rope work near the top of
his back and attached that to the beam, this eased the pressure
on his wrists while at the same time tightening the ropes
that wrapped either side of his tits. 


I moved my chair to the side and admired my handiwork. My
slave was bent over as though on a bench but supported only
by the ropes around his chest and on his wrists. his
tits
hung down begging to be clamped and both his orifices were
available at cock height. 


I bent and re-clamped his nipples letting the connecting
chain hang and swing below him while I found a fishing sinker
to attach and add to his discomfort. I also tied his ball
sac above his balls and added weights to that before standing
in front of him and pushing my cock into his face. He turned
his head to avoid me and I then walked to his rear and pulled
out the butt plug. 


I then sat down and put the slave question to him again and
when he once again shook his head I said never mind, stood
and played with my cock in front of his face before demanding
he lick me to hardness or be prepared for me to go and get my
gay friend from the motel over the road and bring him back
to give my new slave a good fucking. 


He opened up and sucked and licked me to hardness. I then
pulled a condom over my thick throbbing cock, moved to his
rear grasped him by the hips and rammed my meat home. I rode
him until I came, my thighs and balls slapping into him and
making the weights on his tits and balls swing violently.



When I had satiated myself I released him from the beam and
untied his ankle restraints but left his wrist securely
tied together behind his back. I led him by the chain on his
nipple clamps to the shower and washed him thoroughly before
taking him to my bed, where I lay him down and tied his ankles
together with a cinch similar to his wrists, removed his
nipple clamps and gag and we lay kissing and cuddling, slave
and Master 


I was sure he was now beginning to understand his role in
this relationship as I whispered to him that my friend at
the Motel would be over in the morning and would love to take
turns with me at both ends of a suitably secured slave 


rick







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Rick Green


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





