BDSM Library - WTF High's School Defense Force




WTF High's School Defense Force
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A school wtih a dark secret was mysteriously closed for five years. It was reopened an year ago and the new students were no longer safe. However, the students of 4D have secrets of their own.






Windroy Twelve Forrest Secondary School was just your average public high school.&nbsp; Well... on the outside, anyway.&nbsp; Although it was over a hundred years old, the school building looked very modern and was up-to-date in terms of school equipment and such.&nbsp; At present, it had over 50 classrooms and around 900 students.&nbsp; The computer-labs had the latest computer models and used the Linux OS.&nbsp; The gymnasium had the latest in training equipment and the library took up two floors.

In the year 2XXX, it was just your average public high school with above average school funding.&nbsp; To those who did not go to this school, there was nothing out of the ordinary.&nbsp; Most that did go to this school were also oblivious to the dark nature of this school.&nbsp; Only a handful of the 900 students knew the true horrors and secrets behind Windroy Twelve Forrest Secondary School.&nbsp; Only a handful knew the true reason why it was closed for five years and just reopened a year ago.

A year ago, the previous principal found out the secret, but he knew he had no time to expose it.&nbsp; As a last ditch effort, he immediately sought out and hired a previous student of the school to be a teacher.&nbsp; The day after this teacher was hired; the principal mysteriously vanished and was replaced by another.

"Three years of high school and nothing special happens.&nbsp; This sucks," A high school student around seventeen years old muttered as he walked to his first day of school.&nbsp; He kicked around an empty can as he walked along the leaf-covered sidewalk.&nbsp; The metallic sound of the aluminum rang out in tune with the crunching of the freshly fallen leaves.

He knew that high school life was deeply exaggerated in media and such, but he couldn't help but feel disappointed.&nbsp; Three years had passed and nothing exciting happened at all.&nbsp; There was some rivalry with a local school, but there were no pranks pulled.&nbsp; Bullying was at a minimum and the washrooms and parking lots were cleared of any stoners.&nbsp; However, he was going to a new school this year... so perhaps things would be different for once?

"Oh crap!&nbsp; I think I already passed it!"&nbsp; The high school student exclaimed as he whirled around and immediately ran in the direction he came from.

Title: WTF High's School Defense Force - Lesson I
Class: 4D
Room: 104
The school year begins!&nbsp; Random Student #13's first day of class!

"Huh... that's strange... the names aren't in order," Mr. Smith muttered as he looked over the attendance sheet.&nbsp; The homeroom teacher stood at around six feet tall and had a medium build.&nbsp; He had dark brown hair that was split in the middle.&nbsp; He wore a brown suit and black tie.&nbsp; "Alright, just raise your hand and/or say 'here' when your name is called.&nbsp; Mike Angels."

"Here." A student with white hair raised his hand.&nbsp; He wore a white shirt with black sleeves and the number 7 on the front.&nbsp; He also wore a cross around his neck and baggy blue jeans.

"Sera Spykes."

"Here." A student with golden blond hair raised her hand.&nbsp; Her hair was tied into a pony-tail and two dreadlocks framed her face.&nbsp; She also had yellow eyes that almost matched those of a serpent's.

"Tiehhsin Ying."

"I prefer to be called Tim."&nbsp; A young Chinese man with jet black hair and silver grey eyes raised his hand.

"Trent Bloom.&nbsp; Trent Bloom.&nbsp; Anyone here answer to that name?"&nbsp; The teacher looked around the room in case he missed a hand being raised.&nbsp; He sighed and marked the student absent.&nbsp; Unknown to the teacher, Trent really was in school and heard what the teacher said.&nbsp; Mr. Smith shook his head in disapproval.&nbsp; "Sheesh... on his first day, too.&nbsp; Let's move on... Jesse Cromberry."

A student wearing a black hood and extremely long sleeves responded with a raised hand.

"Is there a reason why you're wearing a hood to cover your face?" Mr. Smith asked.&nbsp; When the student nodded, the teacher shrugged his shoulders and said, "Okay... moving on.&nbsp; Motoko Kurenai."

"I prefer Monica, if you don't mind," Monica replied with a raised hand.&nbsp; She was a Japanese girl with long shiny black hair that reached the small of her back.

"Io Ford."

"Here," A girl with short auburn hair and a small body raised her hand.&nbsp; She barely looked like a middle school student let alone a high school senior.

At first Mr. Smith thought about asking Io her age, but decided to leave her alone.&nbsp; He looked back down at his papers and continued, "Virginia Celeste."

"Here!"&nbsp; An Italian girl with two pig tails and green eyes raised her hand.

"Heather Kimbley," Mr. Smith continued down the unorganized list until he reached the bottom.&nbsp; Once that was over with, he faced the class and began his lesson.&nbsp; "First thing's first... I don't like lateness and I won't tolerate talking in class.&nbsp; If you're absent, at least you're not interrupting the class for those who took the effort to show up.&nbsp; Therefore I've come up with a simple, but effective punishment for all late-comers.&nbsp; If you're late or talk in class, you get stuck with a nickname of my choosing for the rest of the day."

"What?&nbsp; Can he do that?"&nbsp; A guy with large eyes, Random Student #1 asked.

"That's not fair."&nbsp; Random Student #2 looked pretty angry.

"Does that count as abuse?"&nbsp; Random Student #3 wondered.

"Depends on the nickname, I guess?"&nbsp; Random Student #4 shrugged.

"Fish Eyes, Blue Boy, Banana Bandana, Ringer, what did I just say?" Mr. Smith snapped at four students in the back.

"Wait... how did he know my real nickname?" Bandana quirked an eyebrow questioningly.

"Excuse me, is this homeroom 4D?"&nbsp; A late student asked as soon as he entered the classroom.

"Random Student #13, point out your name," Mr. Smith held out the attendance sheet towards the new student.

"Uh... right here," Random Student #13 was taken aback by the teacher's unusual response and simply pointed out where his name was supposed to be.

"There's a seat right behind Monica, Thirteen.&nbsp; If you showed up on time, you would've known why I'm calling you Thirteen, Thirteen," Mr. Smith pointed at the desk right behind the Japanese girl.

"Um... okay..." Thirteen was confused at the "explanation" as he took his seat behind Monica.&nbsp; He was still confused when the class was told to take out their textbooks and turn to the first chapter.

Interesting teacher, don't you think?&nbsp; A female voice giggled.

"Wha..." Thirteen looked around for the source of the voice, but to no avail.&nbsp; All the other students appeared to have their attention on the teacher at the moment.&nbsp; After a moment, their attention shifted to the first student who had to read out loud to the class.

Don't bother trying to look for me.&nbsp; A mortal like you couldn't possibly figure out who I am in this class.

"Maybe I'm dreaming... yeah... that's it... maybe I'm sleeping in class," Thirteen muttered to himself.&nbsp; For some reason, no one else had noticed the voice.&nbsp; Why would they?&nbsp; The voice sounded like it was coming from Thirteen's own head.

Let's meet up in the girl's locker room after school.&nbsp; I'll show you something special.

"Yep... just... insane... in the membrane," Thirteen muttered to himself as he concentrated on the words in his textbook.

"What was that, Dreamer?" Mr. Smith asked as he stood over Dreamer's desk.

Thirteen almost had a heart attack when he heard Mr. Smith's voice.&nbsp; For a moment there, he thought he had his nickname changed or something.

Monica looked out from the corner of her eye with suspicion written all over her face.&nbsp; A tingle went up her spine and Goosebumps rose from the back of her neck.&nbsp; She felt something familiar and dangerous in the air of room 104.&nbsp; Someone or something was definitely emitting a killer's intent.

*****

"Well... glad that's over with," Thirteen muttered as soon as classes had ended.&nbsp; There were a few classes he liked and a few classes he didn't like all that much.&nbsp; Then there were the classes that were either dreadfully boring, had a hateful teacher, or both.&nbsp; Now that he thought about it, there were more boring classes with hateful teachers than all the rest put together, unfortunately for him. 

Homeroom was pretty interesting what with the teacher handing out nicknames all the time.&nbsp; There was also that weird occurrence with the voice inside his head.&nbsp; This was pretty much what Thirteen wanted, but he wondered if he should had been more specific with his wish.&nbsp; Then he wondered about the voice inside his head.&nbsp; Was it really all in his head or did someone really wanted to meet him in the girl's locker room?

The confused student thought about it some more as he stood in front of his locker.&nbsp; If it really was all in his head, then perhaps the reason for it happening was because he was trying to delude himself into believing his new school-life would be interesting.&nbsp; It would explain why no one else seemed to hear the voice.&nbsp; On the other hand, if one of the girls really did want to meet with him...

"Excuse me, are you okay?&nbsp; You had been standing there for ten minutes," Monica snapped her fingers in front of Thirteen's face.&nbsp; Her locker just happened to be right next to Thirteen's.

"Huh?&nbsp; Oh... right... sorry, just thinking about something," Thirteen apologized with a flustered look on his face.&nbsp; The two of them happened to have a couple classes together besides homeroom, so they got a couple chances to talk to each other.&nbsp; At first Thirteen wondered if the strange voice from homeroom came from Monica since she sat in front of him.&nbsp; Since the strange voice did not match Monica's, he threw that idea out the window.

"There is no need to apologize, but you should hurry up.&nbsp; They are closing the school in a few minutes," Monica warned as she gathered her books into her bag and walked away.&nbsp; As she did, a look of concern crossed her face as her eyes shifted to the side.&nbsp; She muttered to herself, "Strange..."

"What?&nbsp; Already?"&nbsp; Thirteen asked with a look of surprise on his face.&nbsp; Suddenly, a stab of fear went through his body.&nbsp; He really, really, really wanted to check out the girl's locker room, but he knew the reason for it was too ridiculous to consider it.&nbsp; He wondered why he was so tempted and pondered on the thought that perhaps there was something wrong with him.

Clang!

"Huh?"&nbsp; Thirteen whirled around and tried to locate the source of the clanging.&nbsp; It was then he realized that the entire hallway was empty.&nbsp; For a brief moment, he was afraid that he had been standing around for much longer than ten minutes.&nbsp; He checked his watch and breathed a sigh of relief, but still wondered about the sudden emptiness of the school hallway.&nbsp; Was it really possible for the hallways to be completely empty just a few minutes after school?

Clang!

"Uh..." This time, Thirteen was quite sure of where the sound was coming from.&nbsp; He stared at his locker, which he had yet to open.&nbsp; Did someone get stuffed into a locker?&nbsp; As in... his locker?&nbsp; How did somebody manage to open his locker, anyway?&nbsp; The youngster immediately knocked on his locker and asked, "Hey!&nbsp; Is someone in there?"

"Depends!&nbsp; Who's asking?"&nbsp; A voice called back.

"Hold on, I'll get you out," Thirteen replied as he hurriedly unlocked his locker and pulled it open.&nbsp; Once he did, he found himself staring at the metal back of his locker.&nbsp; There was no one in there!

Before Thirteen decided to check the other lockers, he noticed the back of his locker moving.&nbsp; He stared as a guy his age with blond hair reveal himself by pulling back the metal board that was the back of his locker.

"Hey there!&nbsp; Name's Trent!"&nbsp; Trent exclaimed happily as he firmly grasped the hand of his wide-eyed classmate.&nbsp; The student wore a green jacket over a white shirt and brown trousers.&nbsp; His blond hair was so long that it actually reached down to his ankles.&nbsp; "I'm from 4D, just like you!"

"Wha... how... wha..." Thirteen stammered as he tried to figure out what to ask or say first.&nbsp; For some reason, his first question was, "I don't remember seeing you in homeroom this morning."

"Heh, I was busy checking out the school's tunnel system.&nbsp; You can go pretty much anywhere in there," Trent explained with a mischievous grin on his face.&nbsp; He pulled out a sheet of paper and revealed it to be a map of the school with a network of lines all over the place.&nbsp; Thirteen looked at it and figured that the lines represented the tunnels Trent was talking about.

"Tun... wha... wait, did you say anywhere?" Thirteen asked as he grabbed the map from Trent's hands.&nbsp; "Even the girl's locker room?"

"Sure!&nbsp; I'll take you there if you keep this whole thing a secret," Trent continued grinning as he stepped back into Thirteen's locker.&nbsp; "So, the girl's locker room, eh?&nbsp; You realize there won't be any girls there right now, right?"

"Yeah but... no!&nbsp; It's not what you..." Thirteen faltered when he realized how ridiculous he must've looked trying to convince this student, who discovered a secret tunnelling system that he wasn't trying to peek on anyone when he said he wanted to check out the girl's locker room.

"Sure... whatever you say, Random Student #13," Trent said right before he pulled his new friend into the locker.&nbsp; The locker door shut behind them, reducing the light to nothing save for a few slivers from the slits on the door.&nbsp; Thirteen could do nothing but follow along as he was dragged by Trent through the tunnels.&nbsp; The tunnels were surprisingly spacious around six feet high and one and a half feet wide.

"I'd prefer it if you didn't call me Random Student #13," Thirteen replied as he was dragged along.

"Really?&nbsp; Sounds pretty cool if you ask me.&nbsp; How bout... Voyeur-Boy!&nbsp; There's also Spacey, Statue, or Locker Guy," Trent suggested.

"Thirteen's fine," Thirteen sighed in defeat.

As he walking along the narrow passageway, he noticed lines of light that went from one wall to the next.&nbsp; It took a moment before he realized that the lines were coming from peepholes in the wall.&nbsp; With curiosity on his mind, he looked through one of them and found himself looking at a computer screen.&nbsp; The next hole revealed that the computer lab was on the other side of the wall.&nbsp; Ten holes later and Thirteen was able to see his homeroom.

"C'mon, the girls are waiting," Trent urged his new companion to follow along.

"Alright, I'm coming, but I don't see any reason to hurry.&nbsp; There aren't any girls there today, right?" Thirteen replied with a questioning look on his face.&nbsp; He hoped there was a girl in the locker room, because it could mean that he wasn't going crazy.&nbsp; It could also mean some... he immediately shook that thought out of his head.

"Ah... here we are!&nbsp; The girl's locker room," Trent exclaimed after several seconds later.&nbsp; He waved his hand to signal his new companion over.

His hair's so long, I wonder how he grew it, Thirteen thought to himself before Trent's exclamation.&nbsp; He snapped out of his daze and shuffled over to where the holes peeking into the girl's locker room was.&nbsp; He peered into one of the holes, wondering how no one noticed so many peepholes throughout the school.&nbsp; He sucked in his breath as soon as his eye was on the view on the other side of the wall.

On the other side of the wall were two girls sitting on the bench in the locker room.&nbsp; One of them was a blonde with yellow serpent-like eyes and dreadlocks that framed her face.&nbsp; She had pale skin and a frail light build to her body.&nbsp; The other girl had brown eyes and short brown hair with red streaks.&nbsp; She was slightly more tanned than the blonde and had a bit more muscle to her body.&nbsp; They were both naked and making out with each other.

Thirteen recognized both of them to be students from his homeroom.&nbsp; The blond girl with the dreadlocks was Sera while the girl with red-streaked brown hair was Linda.&nbsp; Besides their names, he knew next to nothing about them... which was expected considering it was still his first day of school.

"Go ahead, make as much noise as you want," Trent grinned as he continued watching through his peephole.&nbsp; "For some reason, we can hear them, but they can't hear us.&nbsp; It's quite convenient, really."

This is wrong... but I can't look away... Thirteen thought to himself as he continued watching his classmates make out.

"I'm glad you accepted my invitation," Sera giggled as she pulled her lips away from Linda.&nbsp; A thin strand of saliva bridged the space between their tongues.

"Ah..." Linda looked as though she didn't want to stop.&nbsp; With possessed eyes, she stared longingly at her lover and tried to resume the kiss.&nbsp; However, Sera stopped her by placing her hands on her lover's shoulders.&nbsp; The blonde girl leaned forth, forcing her classmate to lean backwards and lie down on the bench.

"Just try to relax and let me do the work," Sera said as a sneer etched across her face.&nbsp; She swung one leg over Linda's body and straddled her lover's hips.&nbsp; Her hunter's eyes pierced through the tense air and into Linda's doe brown eyes.&nbsp; Although her eyes were on the dazed girl before her, her eyes were also visible to Thirteen.&nbsp; Even if you didn't look directly into her petrifying eyes, you would still have a hard time breathing let alone move.

Thirteen's peeping eye was drawn to the dark round pupils encased by the sunflower yellow irises.&nbsp; His eyes widened as he watched the round pupils become thin vertical slits.&nbsp; Sera reached down and touched her trembling lover's face with a calm look on her own face.&nbsp; Her index finger drew downwards from Linda's left earlobe and down to her chin.&nbsp; The more dominant girl used her finger to tilt her prey's head backwards as her predatory eyes scanned the girl's smooth skin.

The yellow-eyed girl grabbed hold of Linda's wrists and placed them above her lover's head.&nbsp; With her left hand pinning down the other girl's hands, her right reached down underneath the bench.&nbsp; She sat up with two coils of rope in her right hand.&nbsp; With one coil of rope, she straightened out Linda's arms before tying her wrists together.&nbsp; The other coil was used to tie the first rope to the bench.&nbsp; Throughout the process, Linda looked too out of it to really do anything at all.

Next, Sera slid backwards until she was off the bench.&nbsp; She grabbed hold of Linda's ankles and pulled them apart.&nbsp; With one ankle on either side of the bench, Sera revealed a third coil of rope, which was used to tie the ankles together with the knees bent.&nbsp; Now that her prey was all tied up, she was ready to being her game.

Thirteen's heart hammered against the inside of his chest.&nbsp; Despite what Trent said, he was quite positive that Sera could hear his heartbeat.&nbsp; He was a bit disappointed that Linda's pussy was facing away from him, but he also knew he wasn't supposed to be watching this either.

"Hmm... something seems to be missing," Sera tapped her finger against her chin as she stood over her new toy.&nbsp; All of a sudden, she grabbed hold of one end of the bench and began rotating it.&nbsp; Despite her frail-looking body, she appeared to be strong enough to move the bench while Linda was tied to it... and quite easily, too.

"Wha..." Thirteen backed off a bit when he realized that he was staring right into Linda's open womanhood!&nbsp; He began to panic, wondering if the two girls knew that he was peeping in on them.&nbsp; He wanted to run away before he was caught, but his body refused to budge.&nbsp; As if he were hypnotized, he continued watching the scene before him.

"Yes... the light here is sssssoooooooooo much better," Sera hissed into Linda's ear.&nbsp; Her left hand travelled along down Linda's throat, causing the tied-up girl to gulp in both fear and excitement.&nbsp; Her right hand stroked the brunette's red streaks while her left hand continued its journey down the valley between the breasts.&nbsp; The dominating girl swung her leg over the bench so that Linda's head was between her knees.&nbsp; "I can see your lovely body quite clearly now, my pet."

Dribbles of juice were travelling down the blonde's inner thigh as her hands grabbed hold of the submissive's breasts.&nbsp; She lowered her body so that her pussy was mere inches from Linda's waiting mouth.&nbsp; Linda reached up with her tongue, but she was unable to reach the prize she so dearly wanted.&nbsp; She struggled against her bonds, but to no avail.&nbsp; Fortunately for her, a drop of Sera's cum fell from the pussy and onto the tip of the possessed girl's tongue.

"Enough playing around, I want you to make me come," Sera commanded as she lowered her pussy and sat down on her sex toy's face.&nbsp; Linda was taken by surprise and started thrashing around with her tongue.&nbsp; She could barely breathe and became desperate for air, so she worked away at her captor's pussy.&nbsp; Sera moaned in response, "Oh... yes... that's right.&nbsp; Just like that."

Thirteen continued watching from the other side of the wall.&nbsp; He couldn't look away from this scene and he wasn't sure he wanted to.&nbsp; Sera lowered her head until her dreadlocks brushed lightly against the bench.&nbsp; Her hands clamped down onto the sides of the bench so that she was able to support herself.&nbsp; Her eyes were on the same level as Thirteen, which made the young man extremely nervous.

A sharp breath escaped from Thirteen as soon as Sera closed her eyes.&nbsp; The blonde girl with the serpent's glare shut her eyes tightly as she felt the beginnings of an orgasm.&nbsp; She rocked her hips against Linda's tongue and her breathing went faster.&nbsp; Her moaning became louder and echoed against the walls and lockers of the empty locker room.

"Keeping licking like the bitch you are," Sera gasped out as she pressed her pussy tightly against Linda's hungry lips.&nbsp; With one hand still on the bench, she used the other to play with her tits.&nbsp; She took her own nipple between her index and thumb and started twisting away as hard as she could.&nbsp; After a few seconds, she let go and started twisting the other.

You're just a dumb slut, aren't you?&nbsp; A little lesbo slut who can't live without pussy in her life.&nbsp; It was Sera's voice.&nbsp; Although the message was directed at Linda, Thirteen could hear it loud and clear.&nbsp; I saw the way you've been looking at all those girls in class.&nbsp; The way you almost drooled at the sight of... who was it again?&nbsp; Monica?&nbsp; She's a pretty one, isn't she?&nbsp; That's who you wanted to fuck, right?&nbsp; That's who you were going to go after before I asked you to meet me here in this locker room.

Wait a minute, that message was for Linda?&nbsp; Thirteen thought to himself.&nbsp; His thoughts were cut short as soon as he heard a scream of pleasure.&nbsp; His focus was back on Sera's now tensed-up body and the thought messages were somehow forgotten.

Oh... that was good.&nbsp; It was very good, my pet.&nbsp; I bet you've had a lot of practice; Sera smirked as the last of her cum dribbled into Linda's mouth.&nbsp; She waited for a moment to catch her breath before opening her eyes.

Her left eye stared right into Thirteen.

Thirteen wasn't exactly quite sure what happened next.

You weren't supposed to know.&nbsp; It was a private invitation, you know, Sera hissed into Thirteen's mind.&nbsp; She stood up and proceeded to untie her new slave.&nbsp; Linda rolled off the bench and laid there on the floor, but Thirteen wasn't aware of that.&nbsp; The guy was trembling for he found himself submerged in nothing but darkness.&nbsp; He was unable to breathe for there was no air to breath.&nbsp; He was unable to see and unable to hear.&nbsp; He could only feel the fluid-like space around him slowly squeeze the life out of him.

Kneel down before me and clean me out, Sera grabbed Linda by the hair and forced her new slave to her knees.&nbsp; She sat down on the bench and pulled Linda's head between her thighs.&nbsp; She sneered at the brown-haired girl while stroking the slave's hair.&nbsp; The dominant high school girl looked up from her submissive classmate and into the peephole.&nbsp; For some reason, the hole was invisible to normal people when viewed from the outside.&nbsp; However, Sera was not a normal girl.

This is... Thirteen struggled against the suffocation and tried to snap himself out of it.&nbsp; He was able to move his body, but there was no point what with him just floating there.&nbsp; He forced his eyes open and looked deep into the darkness.

He reached up with his right hand until his thumb was right in front of him.&nbsp; He opened up his mouth and clamped down on his thumb until blood began dripping out.&nbsp; He snapped out of it and found himself back in the secret tunnel of peepholes.

"Trent?"&nbsp; Thirteen quickly looked around, but couldn't find his new companion anywhere.&nbsp; He quickly resigned to the fact that he was left behind to face Sera's wrath.

Wrath?&nbsp; That's a little too strong of a word, don't you think? Sera giggled into the young man's head.&nbsp; Thirteen found himself back in the suffocating darkness.&nbsp; However, this time he was able to see Sera's face clearly, which was an inch from his own.

Thirteen held his breath and his heart hammered with excitement and fear.&nbsp; He thought he was about to die from a heart attack when Sera started rubbing her body up against her classmate's.&nbsp; The speechless guy's body stiffened as he felt the blonde's silky smooth skin rub up against his own.&nbsp; For some reason, in this world of darkness, he was completely naked.

I'm quite curious as to how you were able to listen in on my thought messages, Sera grinned as her snake-like eyes continued piercing into her newly captured prey's eyes.&nbsp; Her right hand reached up and her index and middle fingertips touched Thirteen's forehead.&nbsp; I can sense something quite special about you, Berserker.&nbsp; Do you know why I'm calling you Berserker?&nbsp; You'll find out sooner or later, but for now... let's try something fun.&nbsp; What I'm interested in right now is your innate intuitive abilities.&nbsp; Accept this gift and your life will never be the same.&nbsp; You'll be able to understand and see what others cannot.&nbsp; Use this gift wisely or I'll make your life a living hell.

Thirteen's consciousness started to falter.

Trust yourself for once and let go of all fear, Berserker.

Thirteen blacked out.

*****

"Ugh... what happened?" Thirteen muttered as he sat up.&nbsp; His head was pounding and he wasn't quite sure why.&nbsp; He looked around, but wasn't able to see anything.&nbsp; Once his vision cleared, he could see the face of Trent.&nbsp; "Huh?&nbsp; I thought you left."

"As if I could leave behind a fellow voyeur," Trent chuckled as he started slapping Thirteen's back.&nbsp; "Man, I thought we lost you for a moment there."

"Why are you slapping my back?" Thirteen asked even though he did nothing else to stop his new friend.&nbsp; "Also, I'm not a voyeur.&nbsp; I just wanted to check something, alright?"

"Are you okay?"&nbsp; A third voice asked.

"Monica?&nbsp; What're you doing here?" Thirteen snapped his head and looked up at his other new friend.&nbsp; He blinked, and then started looking around himself.&nbsp; He was back in the school hallway next to his open locker.&nbsp; His attention went back to Monica and as soon as it did, he asked, "Is that a sword... are you wearing P.E. clothes?"

"Huh?&nbsp; Um... yes, er..." Monica blushed as she moved a katana behind her back.&nbsp; Suffice to say, she was attractive with her athletic body and pale soft skin.&nbsp; Her white shirt was tight against her body and her long legs were showing.&nbsp; She opened her mouth to change the subject, "So why were you-"

"We won't ask if you don't ask," Trent suggested with crossed arms and a quirked eyebrow.

"Right... okay then... see you guys tomorrow... I guess," Monica grinned as she backed off before running away.

"Uh... demon hunter?"&nbsp; Thirteen muttered as he blinked to himself.

"Huh?"&nbsp; Trent looked down at the other student with a questioning look in his eyes.&nbsp; When he didn't get an answer, he shrugged and grinned, "So how bout those two chicks, huh?&nbsp; Was that wild or what?&nbsp; I gotta start hanging out with Sera."

"Um... right..." Thirteen muttered before standing up.&nbsp; He walked down the hall in the direction that Monica headed while thinking about what had happened.&nbsp; Suddenly, a thought entered his mind.&nbsp; He muttered, "Dog..."

Accept this gift and your life will never be the same.&nbsp; You'll be able to understand and see what others cannot.&nbsp; Use this gift wisely or I'll make your life a living hell.

Instead of the front entrance, he went to the back doors and opened them.

Trust yourself for once and let go of all fear...

He stepped outside and into the remaining sunlight of the day.

Berserker.









"Hello everyone, and welcome to the second chapter of WTF High's SDF!" Sera exclaimed excitedly as she waved her hand for some unseen audience. She wore a black, barely see-through shirt that hugged against the top of her firm breasts. Her nipples were clearly showing through the thin and flimsy material. She also wore short jeans that were cut in the shape of a V to show off her thighs. It was as if she took a random pair of jeans and cut off the legs.

"Um... what is this?" Sandra asked in curious wonderment at her new surroundings (pure white... nowhere land). She had dark hair with dark blue dye along the tips and light violet eyes. Her white tank-top showed off the creamy skin of her midriff while her camouflage pants stopped right above her ankles. Prayer beads encircled her left wrist while a silver bracelet encircled the other wrist.

"Well... you see, the author of this story decided to make a small section at the front for several reasons," Sera explained as she played with one of her dreadlocks. She faced the unseen audience and continued, "One is to show off any small-time gags that may not fit into the storyline. If you read Manga, you might remember some of them having small sections at the front, back, or between chapters. This small section is basically copying that."

"Um... are you feeling alright? Who exactly are you talking to?" Sandra asked as she tried to look into the direction Sera was facing. Unfortunately for her, she wasn't able to see the unseen readers who were looking back at her. "What do you mean by 'author' and 'story'? We're not fictional characters."

"Poor girl, you must still be in denial," Sera wrapped her arms around her bewildered companion. With her face nestled in Sandra's neck and her right hand stroking Sandra's hair, the blonde said, "Don't worry, things will get easier once you accept it."

"Wha... wha... what are you doing?" Sandra blushed furiously as she tried to push the blonde girl off of her. Unfortunately, she couldn't even move her arms let alone push the other girl away.

"Another reason why this section exists is in case plot takes up more time than sex," Sera continued as she flicked her pink tongue against her new victim's earlobe. It was almost as if she were the snake who caught a rabbit that was too out of it to notice anything until it was too late. Sandra could only close her eyes and moan with pleasure as she felt experienced and flexible fingers dance along her left breast.

"I... I still... don't under-" Sandra breathed heavily as her blood began to boil with pleasure. She wasn't sure why, yet it happened anyway. Her heart was pumping and her adrenaline level was through the roof.

"Anyway, we've taken up far too much time," Sera announced as she released her prey and faced the unseen audience again. With a cheerful look on her face and her seductive expression hidden, she continued, "It's about time we started up the story, which is pretty much the reason why you're here, right?"

"Wai... wait a minute, that's it?" Sandra shouted hysterically as she sat up on the floor. Apparently, her legs lost their strength and turned into jello when Sera licked her ear. A look of disappointment and anger crossed her face as she looked up at the blonde. "How... what..."

"Don't worry, you'll be getting plenty of action once you're introduced," Sera giggled as she patted her prey on the head. She licked her lips in anticipation at the thought of Sandra down on her knees and licking pussy. "I hope you like it up the ass."

"Wait... what?" Sandra's face went white with fear.

"You'll see," Sera giggled.

*****

"I can't be late this time," Thirteen muttered as he walked to school with his backpack slung over his right shoulder. The autumn wind carried several brightly coloured leaves through the air before scrapping them along the ground. The young man watched with lightless eyes as the leaves made a circle with their movements. He stopped and stood there, thinking about what happened yesterday.

Images of Sera flashed in his mind's eye as he remembered the events that took place. His classmate, Trent was hiding in his locker when Thirteen first met him. After that, the two of them explored the school's hidden tunnels together. No... things began even before that. It all started when he heard that strange voice in his head during homeroom. It turned out the message wasn't for him, but rather...

"Huh? Ack! I'm late!" Thirteen exclaimed as soon as he looked down at his watch. He quickly ran down the sidewalk to get to school as quickly as possible. After a few minutes, he turned around and ran in the opposite direction for he remembered he already passed Windroy Twelve Forrest High several minutes ago.

Title: WTF High's School Defense Force - Lesson II
Class: 4D
Room: 104
Isn't a female Demon Hunter called a Demon Huntress? Demoness Huntress? Er... Demon(ess) Huntress?

"Leafy, you're late! Again!" Mr. Smith shouted angrily as soon as Thirteen, now Leafy, stepped into the classroom. The irritated teacher marked the late student before continuing down the attendance sheet.

"Uh... okay..." Leafy blinked in confusion, and then took his seat behind Monica. As soon as he did, he noticed someone familiar in the seat next to him.

"Hey, what's up, Leafy?" Trent grinned as he clasped a hand on Leafy's shoulder.

"Please don't call me that," Leafy muttered as he rested his head against the top of the desk and away from his new friend. As soon as he did, he slowly drifted off into a deep sleep.

"Monica Kurenai," Mr. Smith called out without looking up from the attendance sheet.

"Here," Monica replied as she raised her hand to indicate that she was present. As soon as she dropped her hand, she slumped into her seat and started wondering about yesterday. Her thoughts turned to Leafy and the connection between him and Sera. Sera... for some reason, that girl bothered Monica more than anyone else in the classroom... and there were many people who bothered her.

There was that strange student with the completely concealing black robes in the back of the room. There was also a kid with metal antennae sticking out of his head and a girl with white eyes. There was a guy wearing black who had the eyes of someone who killed before. There was Leafy's friend, Trent, who skipped class yesterday to explore a secret tunnel. Maybe it was just her imagination, but she felt as if homeroom 4D was more than it seemed.

As Mr. Smith started the lesson, the young Japanese girl looked up at the ceiling. Since the teacher was only looking forward, most of the students didn't pay attention. Monica didn't notice for she too started to have her attention wane with time...

*****

One day ago...

"Excuse me, are you okay? You had been standing there for ten minutes," Monica snapped her fingers in front of Leafy's face. Her locker just happened to be right next to Leafy's.

"Huh? Oh... right... sorry, just thinking about something," Leafy apologized with a flustered look on his face. The two of them happened to have a couple classes together besides homeroom, so they got a couple chances to talk to each other. At first Leafy wondered if the strange voice from homeroom came from Monica since she sat in front of him. Since the strange voice did not match Monica's, he threw that idea out the window.

"There is no need to apologize, but you should hurry up. They are closing the school in a few minutes," Monica warned as she gathered her books into her bag and walked away. As she did, a look of concern crossed her face as her eyes shifted to the side. She muttered to herself, "Strange..."

"What? Already?" Leafy asked with a look of surprise on his face. Suddenly, a stab of fear went through his body. He really, really, really wanted to check out the girl's locker room, but he knew the reason for it was too ridiculous to consider it. He wondered why he was so tempted and pondered on the thought that perhaps there was something wrong with him.

Meanwhile, Monica had just reached the front doors of the school entrance. The front hall of the school was pretty big for the ceiling was two floors up. Two large trophy cases that were also two floors high were on either side of the eight main doors. She reached out with both hands and grabbed hold of one of the door's horizontal handles.

ZZZZAAAAAAAAPPPPPPPPP!!!

"Aaaaahhhhhh!" Monica shrieked as she felt several volts of electricity pass through her hands. The shock was enough to send her head spinning and her adrenaline pumping. She staggered backwards away from the doors and immediately looked around with a dangerous glare in her eyes. She whirled around and came face to face with the one responsible for the stunt just now.

"Heh... magical wards are pretty useful, don't you think?" An arrogant voice belonging to a female student snickered. The owner of the voice had yet to reveal herself, but that was all the more reason to be on guard. Judging from the sound of the voice, the attacker couldn't have been any older than... say... a college student. Monica continued scanning the large front hall for the enemy, but was unable to see in the darkness. What was more... her vision was starting to fade on her.

The hidden enemy smirked as she watched her prey from a distance. She licked her lips as she watched Monica stagger about in search for the one responsible. The ward she used had enough power to temporarily send a normal person into paralysis in only seconds.

It was a zapper ward, which was a piece of paper placed on one side of a door. Anyone who touched the other side of the door would temporarily lose all control of their muscles in seconds. The victim would lose their vision and voice as well, but they'd still be able to hear and feel. They would be completely aware of their situation, but wouldn't be able to do a thing about it. If Monica were a normal person, she would have already been lying down on the floor completely helpless and at the mercy of her captor. However, Monica was not a normal person.

"Motoko 'Monica' Kurenai, fourth disciple of the Double-Sword Devil-Slayer," The voice continued to taunt her prey. "One of the few practitioners of the Shin Onitsurugi-Ryuu style of kenjutsu at the advanced level. You're also that bitch, Sanae's kohai."

"Wh-where... show... y-y-your..." Monica managed to rasp out as she managed to stand up straight. She stood completely motionless in one spot with her arms up and ready. She closed her eyes and decided to concentrate on fighting back the effects of the initial shock first.

Suddenly, Monica felt a presence behind her, but made no sudden movements. She felt two fingers dig into her right collarbone and warm breath on her neck. The mysterious voice hissed into the semi-paralyzed girl's left ear. "There's no need to fight it. Just relax and let go of yourself. I promise you'll enjoy it."

"*Sh-shut the f-fuck up,*" Monica growled in Japanese as she jerked forward and slapped the back of her right wrist against the hand that was on her shoulder. As she spun around, she thrust her fingers towards her opponent's throat while her hand was in the shape for chopping.

"Aw... too bad you missed," The mysterious attacker smirked maliciously once she moved her head back and out of the way of the sudden strike. As soon as she did, her face was visible for Monica to see. The attacker had long brown hair with pink bangs and red string around each long side-burn. Her eyes were hidden behind a pair of silver-framed sunglasses and the bottom half of her face was hidden behind a metal mask. She also wore a dark jacket and what appeared to be rubber pants.

The masked assailant pressed her fist up against her chest and prepared to shoulder her victim onto the floor. Unfortunately for her, she was not fast enough. Before she knew it, Monica's initial strike became a chopping motion towards the throat. Naturally, the attacker moved out of the way and raised her hands to defend herself. However, she failed to notice the low left kick towards the back of her right knee. Suffice to say, the combination was enough to knock her off balance.

"Ack..." Monica found herself stumbling after her retaliation and also lost her balance. She started hopping on her right foot, but could not maintain control over her muscles long enough to balance herself. It only took a couple seconds before she also found herself lying on the school floor.

"Grr... stupid bitch," The female attacker growled as she cautiously got to her feet. She was careless and underestimated her opponent because she felt secured after the zapper trap worked. She believed that Monica was already helpless and in her hands even if the Japanese girl was able to somehow resist the zapper's effect. She wasn't about to make the same mistake twice.

Monica felt the effects of the zapper ward begin to subside and her vision became a bit clearer. She felt a bit sluggish, as if she just endured hours of harsh training. That was fine by her... she was used to fighting after enduring hours of harsh training.

"Hmph, you just got lucky, that's all," The attacker growled as she took out a stun-gun from an inner-pocket of her jacket. The masked woman stood up with the gun held threateningly at the girl.

In the blink of an eye, the stun-gun was knocked out of the assailant's hand. Monica used her right hand to chop at the opponent's wrist while her left hand slapped the back of the hand holding the gun. As the masked woman's eyes followed her gun, her prey pressed on to attack. Right before the gun hit the floor, Monica's right foot snapped up into a round-house kick towards the left waist.

ZZZZAAAAAAAAPPPPPPPPP!!!

"....." Monica opened her mouth to scream, but nothing came out. It was the exact same kind of feeling she experienced when she tried to leave the school through the front doors. She staggered backwards and while trying to collect herself, but immediately lost her balance. Adrenaline was pumping through the veins and her heart pounded faster than ever, but nothing made her muscles work.

"You're not getting off that easily," The masked woman smirked as she caught her victim before the stunned girl hit the floor. She wrapped her arms around the Japanese girl and gave her the bear-hug of death. With strong arms, she hugged Monica and refused to let go as volts of electricity came out of her body.

Kuso... *Damnit*, Monica thought to herself as darkness slowly took over her vision. She could feel the specialized electricity course painfully through her body as her limbs went limp from the zapping, the pain, and from exhaustion. For some strange reason, her hearing and sense of smell started going crazy. She swore she could smell honey and she fell to the floor with a painful smash.

"Heh... I can see why you caught her eye," The attacker grinned devilishly behind her mask as she stood over her prize. She shed her jacket to reveal that she was wearing a full-body rubber-suit.

Everything from the chin-down was covered with black rubber including her hands and feet. The skin-tight uniform revealed an athletically attractive body. Her stomach was as flat as a board and her legs looked shapely and strong. The only regret any straight man, lesbian, or bisexual would feel after seeing such an image was that the actual skin was hidden.

On her back and on her front were four long pieces of paper with strange symbols arranged into the shape of crosses. Apparently, zapper wards don't just work on doors. "I didn't expect you to knock out my gun, so it's a good thing you aimed for my waist and not my face."

"K-kuso..." Monica grunted as she desperately reached out with a trembling hand. As soon as she touched the rubber skin around her opponent's ankle, her hand dropped to the floor. She was stopped by the stun-gun that was back in her captive's hands. Due to the effects of the zapper ward, she was still conscious and breathing.

"After all that you can still move? These zapper wards aren't as strong as I thought they'd be," The masked woman remarked as she grabbed the fallen girl by the hair. She pulled down her mask and forced open her victim's mouth. She hawked up and spit into the helpless girl's exposed throat. Monica could do nothing but swallow the spit or suffocate from having her windpipe blocked.

"Now that I've a closer look, you're a hot-looking thing, aren't you? I wish I could play around with you some more, but I've got a job to do," The attacker smirked as she started removing her victim's clothes.

Monica felt the smooth material of the rubber uniform rub up against her face. The wards must've been either deactivated for taken off since she didn't feel anymore shocks. She tried to resist when her panties were taken off, but she couldn't even move her fingers much less retaliate. A chill went up her spine when she felt hands groping her breasts. She couldn't even shiver in response.

"Mmm... I'd love to make such a cutie like you my sex slave," The masked woman trailed the tip of her tongue along the helpless girl's collarbone while her index fingers and thumb twisted the exposed nipples. Monica couldn't even moan in pleasure... moan in pleasure? To her horror, the Japanese girl found herself enjoying the attention that her erect nipples were receiving. She could even feel her pussy getting wet from all the excitement!

"Well someone seems to be enjoying this," The rubber-clad woman giggled as her finger slipped into her captive's pussy. She lifted her finger and brought it under Monica's nose as her tongue danced along the side of the paralyzed girl's neck. "You know... I just might make you my slave anyway. We'll have sooooo much fun together. In only a couple days I'll have you reduced to the submissive bitch you were meant to be."

Glint...

"Hmm?" The rubber-clad attacker noticed something yellow in the corner of her eye. Before she knew what hit her, her head snapped to the side and her eyes rolled over into the back of her head. She fell onto the floor with the paralyzed Japanese girl in her arms.

"Sorry girl, but she's mine," Sera smirked as she stood over the fallen girls with her hands folded behind her back. Her eyes trailed over to the front doors and she told herself, "Hmm... better not mess with those. They'll wear out by morning... probably."

*****

The next day...

"So, who do you think would win, Batman or Superman?" Trent asked as he held his can of pop over his head with one hand and a pocket knife with the other. He was crouching on the seat of a chair at a table in the cafeteria with a small pyramid of pop cans in front of him. Other people sitting at the table included Monica and Leafy, formerly known as Thirteen. The kid with the metal antennae, who introduced himself as Kenny, and a girl named Io were also sitting at the table.

"Superman," Kenny replied as he took a bite out of a tuna sandwich. If you ignored the metal antennae, he looked like any other student at WTF High. He had on a red cap worn backwards, short black hair, and freckles all over his face.

"Wait, which versions are we talking about here?" Io asked hurriedly. She had the appearance of a middle school student despite being a high school senior. She had short auburn hair and green eyes. "Original, retro, JLA, Golden-years, emerald-world, or new-age?"

"Does it matter? Batman's just human, right?" Kenny pointed out.

"Original for both," Trent answered as he poked a hole in his can of pop. He opened his mouth and allowed the resulting stream of coke to pour down his throat.

"The original Superman was Canadian," Leafy said while pointing upwards. His other hand was cupping his elbow. "I think Batman would win."

"Why? Cause Superman's Canadian?" Kenny asked with a raised eyebrow.

"No, cause Batman has kryptonite and therefore will always win," Leafy replied. "Why would you think Superman being Canadian had anything to do with him winning or not?"

"Superman's weakness in Emerald world is radioactive marshmallow," Trent grinned as soon as he was finished drinking his can of pop. "Ah... the 2010s... crazy times."

"Excuse me, may we sit here?" Everyone's attention shifted towards the owner of the new voice. Sera smiled sweetly at everyone else as she stood with her tray of food in hand. Linda was standing behind Sera while looking as though she were interested in the mashed potatoes she had bought for lunch. Both Leafy and Monica looked equally interested in their food and refused to look back up at Sera. Both of them had flushed looks on their faces.

"Sure! The more the merrier!" Trent exclaimed with a happy look on his face. "Plenty of seats at this table, anyway."

"Thank you," Sera replied as she took a seat while motioning for Linda to follow suit. "By the way, did you boys enjoy the show last night?"

"We sure did," Trent grinned as he grabbed another can of pop from the small pyramid in front of him. As soon as Sera's question was asked, Leafy sprayed coke all over the table while Monica's face went redder. Trent immediately followed up with his own question, "Whose faster, Superman or Flash?"

*****

One day ago...

"Ugh..." Monica groaned as she slowly came about. She lifted her head and her field of vision started coming back into focus. The muscles in her arms, legs, neck, and pretty much everywhere else were sore from exhaustion and pain. It took her a few seconds before she realized that she was in the locker room. The first person she noticed was one of her classmates, Linda. Linda, without any clothes on, was kneeling on the floor submissively with her head down and her hands behind her back. Behind Linda was another of her classmates, Sera Spykes, who was also not wearing any clothes.

Her eyes widened and her brain immediately became alert as she recalled the past events. That mysterious masked woman almost had her, but she was... saved by Sera? No... Sera knocked her out with some kind of sleeping spell right after that. Sera said that Monica was hers, so did her alleged saviour intend to own her? No... She didn't want to become a slave... that's not what she wanted!

The Japanese girl tried to move her arms and legs, but to no avail for her wrists and ankles was tied with thick white scarves. She was hanging approximately one foot from the floor with her wrists above her head. Her ankles were tied together with one scarf while her wrists were tied to the long scarf she was dangling from. The scarf her wrists were attached to appeared to thread through some invisible pulley before ending tied up to the leg of one of the benches.

"It's no use trying to resist. Those scarves by themselves are stronger than steel even without my spells," Sera smirked with her arms crossed in front of herself. She licked her lips and eyed the prize in front of her with predatory intent in her serpent-like eyes. The slits that were her pupils bore deep into the pale and soft flesh of the bounded Japanese girl. Her tongue flicked in and out of her mouth like a snake tasting its caught prey.

"Let me go or else," Monica threatened as she stopped her struggling long enough for her eyes to meet Sera's. She refused to look like some deer caught in headlights just waiting to die. Her sharp brown eyes met Sera's predatory gaze like two swords crossing for the first time. Neither the proud serpent nor the cornered wolf was willing to be the first to back down.

"Now is that any way to treat the person who saved your life, Moto-chan?" Sera asked with an obviously fake hurt look on her face. Her devilish grin returned as she cupped a finger under Monica's chin. The tip of her polished nail trailed along the surface of the bounded girl's throat. Monica held her breath and kept herself from gulping as her eyes stayed on Sera's. Sera withdrew her finger and backed away with what looked to be a satisfied look on her face.

"You... you tied me up," Monica replied as soon as she found her voice again. "And do not call me Moto-chan."

"Oh, by the way, go ahead and speak Japanese if you want. I'll understand what you're saying," Sera said as she turned around and waved her hand in a dismissive manner. She walked away towards the row of lockers on the far end of the locker room.

"*Damn mother-fucking bitch! Lemme outta these shitty scarves or Ah'll ice ya fucking punk-ass!*" Monica growled angrily in Japanese as she continued struggling with her bonds. "*Think yer something damn special cause ya got me all tied up? 'Fraid tah fucking face me one-on-one? Damn slut better watch yerself or a blade'll go down yer cock-suckin' throat!*"

"Well... I certainly didn't expect that," Sera closed her eyes and chuckled in response to the foreign profanity. She took hold of one of the locker doors and swung the locker open revealing a knocked-out Leafy/Thirteen. The passed out teen fell forth and dropped on his side against the floor. He appeared to be too out of it to notice any pain that he might had felt had he been awake.

"Thirteen... Thirteen! Wake up! Wake up, Thirteen!" Monica cried out as soon as she recognized the face of her new friend. She struggled harder against her bonds and the look of the fierce warrior vanished from her face. She glared at Sera and demanded, "What did you do to him? Tell me!"

"He won't be hearing you anytime soon, Moto-chan," Sera smirked as she stepped gingerly over Thirteen's body. She made her way to the next locker and opened that door to reveal a familiar-looking katana. She picked up the katana and held it out for Monica to see. It was a shinken sword made for battou-jutsu and iai-jutsu. "This is a very nice sword you have here. A gift from a friend?"

"*Wha... get yer filthy hand off my sword!*" Monica shouted angrily. "*How the hell did ya get that? Fucking thief!*"

"Tell me something, do you often play with this?" Sera asked as she held the hilt of the sword under her nose. She sniffed along the black handle before flicking the tip of her tongue against the hand guard. "The smell of your girl juice is all over the sword. Even the blade? My... someone likes to play dangerously."

"*I...*" Monica wasn't sure how to reply and her struggling stopped. Her face went red with embarrassment and her will was beginning to weaken. Even in this sort of humiliated state, she managed to get some words out, "*It's none of your business what I do, ya got that?*"

"I'll take that as a yes," Sera smiled seductively as she unsheathed the sword while approaching the bound Japanese girl again. She stared admiringly at the fine craftsmanship put into the forging of the blade. She lowered the tip of the blade and pressed it against the inner part of Monica's ankles, just above the scarves.

"*If yer gonna kill me, just do it. Kill me so that Ah can haunt ya as a ghost fer all eternity,*" Monica growled as she suppressed a gasp of pleasure. It was humiliating and horrifying for she found herself getting excited from all the tension in the air. It was hard to admit to herself that she was getting wet from being naked and vulnerable in front of her more dominant classmate.

"Do you honestly believe you can defeat me in a one-on-one fight, Moto-chan?" Sera asked as she slowly drew the blade upwards along the inner part her captive's legs. The cold metal of the samurai sword pressed lightly against the fleshy skin before stopping right below the pussy.

Monica breathed deeply as the sword stayed in that position for a few seconds. It was as if time stood still for the both of them as they stared into each other's eyes. The Japanese girl's fierce and determined eyes returned as soon as eye contact was re-established. Sera had to admit to herself that she had not met sharper eyes in centuries with the exception of her parents. Although she was in the superior position, she held deep respect for her captive.

"Linda dear, please take Mr. Berserker and wait for me outside of this locker room," Sera said as her face softened and her eyes closed. She relaxed her grip on the shinken and appeared much calmer than before. For some reason, that was enough to disperse the tension in the air.

"Yes Mistress," Linda nodded before grabbing Thirteen by the wrists and dragging him out of the locker room.

"Something strange is going on in this school and I don't like it," Sera explained as she withdrew the shinken and sheathed the blade. She held the sword out horizontally in front of Monica's face and continued with her words, "It would be best if we were on the same side. However, I was not sure whether or not you were strong enough to be my ally. If you still want to fight, then let's fight. I'll consider it the last test of your abilities."

With that, the scarf that Monica was hanging from fell from its invisible pulley and loosened its grip around the confused girl's wrists. The scarf from the ankles also loosened up and allowed the Japanese girl to land on her feet properly. She planted the palm of her left hand against the floor, and then rose to her feet. Her eyes narrowed in anger and rage at the other girl in front of her.

"*Who the hell do you think you are?*" Monica screamed as she furiously snatched back her sword by the sheath right next to the hand guard. She kicked out with a left side-kick while twisting her shinken out of Sera's grasp. When she felt nothing but air, she continued whirling around in a clock-wise rotation and unsheathed her blade at the same time.

"I'm Sera, the daughter of Feng the Snake King and Huang the Vixen Illusionist," Sera replied with pride evident in her voice. Her hands made semi-circular motions with her hands moving inwards and upwards. At the same time, her scarves flew upwards and crossed each other to block the horizontal slash towards her neck. "Who the hell are you?"

Ping!

"*I'm Motoko Kurenai, fourth disciple of the Double-Sword Devil-Slayer,*" Motoko shot back with gritted teeth bared at her opponent. She could not believe it, but she was still getting excited! The thought of fighting nakedly against this stronger foe was getting her aroused. Her heart was racing and adrenaline was reintroduced into her veins once more. She was going to have the time of her life.









"And now we come to the third chapter... AKA Lesson III," Rock grumbled as he stood in front of the unseen audience. He crossed his arms and scowled, "What I wanna know is... what the hell happened to the 13th part of SDF? Stupid author couldn't just finish my story before starting up this series."

"I am sure he has a good reason for doing so," Monica/Motoko placed a hand on Rock's arm to console his anger. For some odd (maybe not, considering who the author is) reason, the Japanese girl was completely nude save for the chain belt around her waist and the shinken that was attached to it.

"Yeah, I- wha... why are you naked?" Rock exclaimed with wide eyes as soon as he noticed the state of undress that his companion was in. After a few seconds of silence, a perverse look etched across his face. With lustful eyes, he dangled his fingers in the air as if ready to tear open a wrapped gift. "I see... I see now... I forgive you, Mr. Author."

"No! That is not why!" Monica screamed as she dashed away from Rock while covering her breasts and womanhood with her arms and hands. She slammed the bottom of her right foot into her classmate's chin all the while shouting, "Did you not read the last chapter? I was fighting Sera in the end and I did not have any clothes on!"

"Ow... damn hack of a writer..." Rock grumbled as he slumped to the ground with fresh blood coming out of his nose. "Give me a break already..."

"*We'll be starting this chapter from where we left off,*" Monica explained while still covering her private parts from the unseen audience. "*We hope that you enjoy this chapter at least as much as the first two. The author would also like to apologize for the crappiness in the second chapter and will try to make it up to you with more sex scenes... right after my fight.*"

*****

"Excuse me, is this the chess club?" Domino, AKA Thirteen and Leafy, asked as he entered the classroom. The classroom lights were off and only one of the windows was open. As a result, the room was completely dark save for a sliver of light that fell upon a newly set up chessboard.

A hand reached out from the darkness and moved the fourth black pawn from the left two spaces forward. The hand retreated into the darkness and Tim's voice replied, "Yeah... it is."

Title: WTF High's School Defense Force - Lesson III
Class: 4D
Room: 104
The Enchantress versus the Demon Huntress! Alright, a catfight! Er... sort of... (runs off to check wikipedia's definition)

Two days ago...

"*I'm Motoko Kurenai, fourth disciple of the Double-Sword Devil-Slayer,*" Motoko shot back with gritted teeth bared at her opponent. She could not believe it, but she was still getting excited! The thought of fighting nakedly against this stronger foe was getting her aroused. Her heart was racing and adrenaline was reintroduced into her veins once more. She was going to have the time of her life.

The first thing Motoko did was back off and re-sheathed her sword at a distance from her opponent. The metallic alloy of the blade screamed into the air as it instantly returned to its sheath. She made a small hop over a bench so that she was crouching behind it. The sword girl reached around behind her back with her right thumb and middle finger and gripped a barely noticeable metal orb that was sticking out of the sheath right below the hand guard. The metal orb was around the size of a push pin and a thin chain was attaching it to the sheath.

As Motoko harshly ripped the small orb from the sheath, the chain grew longer until it was around the Japanese girl's waist. With the chain around her waist, she pushed the metal orb into a small hole in the sheath that was opposite of where the chain started. A small click was heard and the chain hugged snugly against the soft flesh that was Monica's hips. Now she was free to use both hands without fear of losing her sheath.

"You're a hundred years too early to challenge me and a thousand years early to defeat me," Sera smirked as she whipped out her right arm and swung it ferociously until her hand was pointing slightly to her left. The white scarf on her right flew forth and made a beeline towards Motoko in sync with the demoness' arm movement.

"*Damn bitch ain't seen nothing yet,*" Motoko spat as she rose sharply with all of her weight shifted onto her left foot. Her right foot flew upwards and slammed against the underside of the bench that was in front of her. The side of the bench that was on Motoko's right flew upwards with the legs on the left end acting as the pivotal point. The top part of the bench slammed against the incoming scarf attack and pushed it to the side. Seeing an opening, the young demon huntress dashed forth with her hand on the hilt of her sword. In the corner of her eye she saw the bench snap in half, which surprisingly did not faze her in the least.

"Are you forgetting my other scarf, girl?" Sera chuckled as she pulled her right hand back and threw a left hook at the same time. In response, the right scarf returned to its owner's side while the left scarf flew out and made an arc so that it was aiming from Motoko's right side. It was obvious that the scarves were mimicking Sera's every movement and judging from the broken bench, they weren't going to be soft taps against the skin.

"Kuso..." Motoko growled under her breathe as soon as she noticed the attack. If she sped up she could avoid the attack, but she would be in between Sera and a possible attack from behind. If she stopped she could also avoid the attack that way, but she would be cut off from her opponent by a possible backlash attack. There was no time to think, so she reacted instinctively.

"Oh?" Sera blinked in surprise as the tip of the shinken blade rose upwards towards her face. Motoko met the attacking scarf with the bottom of her right foot raised at face level. She kicked the underside of the scarf in order to redirect the attack so that it passed above her head. At the same time, she drew her blade and made a vertical upward slash towards the chin.

"*Huh?*" Motoko suddenly found herself sinking sharply to the floor and her attack shifted towards Sera's left side. The blade swung harmlessly past the blonde's left shoulder as the Japanese girl's left ankle was dragged to the side. The young demon huntress looked down and noticed that Sera's right scarf managed to snag her ankle. As she sank towards the floor, she narrowed her eyes, gripped the hilt with both hands, and swung downwards.

"Heh... I see lots of potential here," Sera smirked as she caught the blade with her left hand before it reached her milky white skin. Surprisingly, though perhaps not too surprisingly, the blade drew no blood from her hand. While gripping the blade, she yanked the sword out of the shocked girl's hands. Once her opponent was unarmed, she planted the bottom of her right foot onto the Japanese girl's face and pushed her backwards.

"*Wha... I lost...*" Motoko gasped in shock as soon as her bare back was against the floor. She knew her opponent was strong, but she thought she had at least a chance of winning. The only reason she lost to the masked woman was because of the zapper wards and Sera defeated the masked woman with a sneak attack. With those in mind, she was sure she was able to win in a one on one fight.

The Japanese teen snapped out of it when she felt a scarf wrap around her right ankle. She looked down in time to notice that the scarves were pulling her ankles apart and forcing her to do the splits. The scarves appeared as though they were threaded through an invisible pulley attached the bottom of the walls opposite of each other. Her buttocks dragged along the floor and her wet pussy made a small trail of girl cum.

"Interesting, you were leaking during that last attack," Sera noted as she pressed her knees against her defeated opponent's biceps. She gripped the other girl's wrists and positioned herself so that her pussy right was above Motoko's face. Her eyes were on a trail of girl juice that started from where Motoko chained her sheath to her waist. The trail followed the path of the final dash and stopped right where the humiliated girl's pussy sat. "Did I really make you that excited? Were you really that turned on by me? Why... I'm flattered."

"*Sh-shut up,*" Motoko growled as her face went beet red. She tried to lift her body, but with Sera on top of her and her legs spread apart, she was unable to. She also tried to move her wrists, but her captor's hands were like a pair of titanium-made manacles. She hadn't experienced such strength since her spars with Sanae-Sempai and Sensei.

"Don't worry, I don't plan on forcing you to become my slave, if that's what you're thinking," Sera smiled as her vertical pupils returned to normal. She released her grip and stood up before commanding her scarves to release the Japanese girl's ankles as well. She stepped back and held out a hand towards Motoko. "I just wanted to see the Shin Onitsurugi-Ryuu style for myself, that's all."

"*I... you...*" Motoko stammered as she looked up at the smiling girl. The girl she was facing was different from the demoness she faced just a while ago. Was it a facade? A trap? No... There was no reason for Sera to trick her now that the difference in their strengths was proven. She tentatively accepted the hand and gingerly rose to her feet. Her face was still beet red.

"Now now, there's no shame in getting wet between the legs, Moto-chan," Sera assured the other girl as she pressed her body up against her. Their nipples lined up and rubbed against each other in the process. Before Motoko could get away, the blonde girl slipped her left hand under the chain while her right hand touched the Japanese girl's soft cheek. "I'm feeling kind of horny myself, you know? Why don't we play a different game now?"

"*Wha... what game... are you...*" Motoko gasped before she fell silent by her aroused state of mind. She could feel her body bending to the will of the eyes of the demoness before her. The young sword girl tried to fight back, but after suffering a defeat in an exhausting battle, she simply could not muster the strength to do so.

"Shh... just relax and let me do all the work," Sera shushed while pressing the tip of her slender index finger against her new prey's lips. She leaned in and moved her right hand so that it was behind Motoko's head. The blonde girl gripped the Japanese girl's hair and firmly pressed their lips together. Like a serpent seeking out her prey, the dominant girl's tongue invaded the other girl's mouth and explored.

"Mmm..." Motoko could easily feel herself melting in the palm of the predator's hand. As if they had minds of their own, she felt her arms wrap themselves around Sera. She allowed her hands to feel the softness of the skin on the other girl's back. She allowed the other girl to explore her mouth as much as she wanted. The sword girl closed her eyes and allowed herself to simply relax and go with the flow of things.

Sera reached down with her hands and began unchaining Motoko's sheath. With her tongue still slithering away along the sword girl's own tongue, she disconnected the chain and dropped the sheath onto the floor. Once that was done with, she placed her left hand on the back of Motoko's neck and the other hand on the small of her back. She guided her new partner onto the floor of the locker room, all the while planting butterfly kisses along the other girl's collarbone.

The serpent-eyed girl continued her advances by groping the breasts with gentle and loving hands. As soon as she heard a moan come out of the sword girl's throat, Sera used her index and middle fingers and thumbs to carefully twist the nipples from side to side. While she was doing this, her face was pressed up against the space between the other girl's chin and throat.

Sera's pussy was hovering just above Motoko's and they could feel the heat coming from each other. Their moans of pleasure intertwined like a melody of hot sex. Their breaths were equally heavy and they could feel each other's pulse race with adrenaline. The two girls gazed into each others eyes with lust and spirit reflected into each other. One was cunning and deadly while the other remained strong and proud despite the circumstances.

Their outer lips rubbed up against each other, causing both of them to moan simultaneously. They pressed their pussies together and instantly found a rhythm as if they knew what the other was thinking. The clitoral hoods of the two girls peeled back as they found their way towards each other. Their moans began shrieks and their shrieks became screams. Sweat poured down their backs and the entire room was filled with intense sexual energy.

"*Oh my god... it feels... it...* kimochi..." Motoko screamed as she rocked her hips back and forth in ecstasy. She wrapped her arms around her new lover and pulled her down into an embrace. They screamed into each others ears and they brought each other to orgasm. The feelings of pleasure could be felt under each other's skin and each jolt one felt caused another jolt in the other. Their soft and pale flesh rubbed up against each other and their juices mixed together into a puddle of sexual fluids.

Motoko stuck her tongue out and wiggled it with a look of pure bliss on her face. Her face was still blushing red with embarrassment and arousal in her cute expression. Sera smiled herself before leaning her head down accepting the invitation. Their tongues danced and twirled between each other's faces as they closed their eyes and made out. A trail of saliva connected them and added to the lust that they felt for each other.

Sera pulled away from the kiss and straightened up while straddling the other girl. She moved backwards, all the while allowing her wet pussy to drip with fresh and clear girl cum. She knelt between Motoko's legs and spread them before reaching back with her left hand. The blonde girl felt around until her fingers caught hold of the chain of the sword girl's sheath.

With a devilish look on her face, Sera grabbed hold of the sheath with both hands and held the tip above her lover's pussy. With a dazed look on her face, Motoko looked up in time to see her sheath enter her pussy. Gasping at the sudden intrusion, her head flew back onto the floor and her arms and legs tensed up in excitement. She planted her feet against the locker room floor and raised her ass in acceptance.

"Every time you use this to play with yourself, I want you to think of me," Sera smirked as she firmly pushed the sheath deeper into the sword girl's dripping wet cunt. The sheath made a squishy sound each time it moved further into the juicy canal and made Motoko moan with pleasure at the same time. The blonde girl continued forcing the sheath deeper until around seven inches of it was inside. Once she felt it was far enough inside, she started fucking the Japanese girl with her own sheath, "Do you do this often? Do you fuck yourself with your own sword every night? Did you want a cock in there? Is that why?"

Motoko was too busy humping her pussy against her sheath to answer. Her eyes rolled back and drool started coming out of the corner of her mouth. She just kept rocking her hips in wild abandon as she felt herself reach yet another climax. She rode the waves of pleasure as the walls of her womanhood tightened around the sheath like a vice.

"Screw this, I want some of that pussy for myself," Sera growled as she instantly ripped the sheath out with one movement of her hand. This caused the Japanese girl before her to scream out and squirt even more of her girl juices. Motoko was exhausted and her pussy was completely sensitive and sore from the orgasms. That was why it was so easy for her to reach another orgasm when she felt a tongue on her pussy.

The Japanese girl jerked and twitched around as Sera held her down and continued licking away with her soft and skillful tongue. She felt the blonde girl work her way around the outer lips before moving along the inner labia. Her fingers clenched together and formed a fist while her toes curled up in response. Her muscles tightened up and her voice reached a new level of screaming as soon as she felt the tip of Sera's tongue on her clit. The direct stimulation to the exhausted girl's clit was enough to bring her to another climax.

"Moto-chan? Are you okay?" Sera stopped her licking and looked towards Motoko's face. A smirk stretched along her lips as she reached over and brushed the sword girl's hair to the side. The blonde dominant girl stood up with the sheath in her right hand and walked over to pick up the blade. She sheathed the sword, and then laid it next to Motoko's exhausted body. Her smirk became softer and turned into a simple smile as she looked down at the Japanese girl's face.

"Mmm..." Motoko moaned as she tried to focus her eyes on the face of her new lover. She was too weak to answer Sera's question, so she simply looked up with unblinking eyes. Her breathing was starting to slow down as she did her best to calm herself and ride out the last of the waves. She felt herself getting pulled into a deep sleep, but she did her best to stay awake.

As promised, I won't force you to become my slave. You have a lot of untapped potential in both fighting and sex, Moto-chan, Sera whispered into Motoko's mind as she planted one final kiss on the lips. She got up and moved to leave the locker room, tasting her prey's juices on her fingers as she did so. If you're interested in getting stronger, pay me a visit some time this week. Bring the Berserker boy with you while you're at it. He'll know where to go, even if he doesn't right now.

With that, she was gone.

*****

Still on the first day of school... (Warning! Bestiality up ahead! Though I cut that part out this time. &gt;_&gt;)

"I hope Mistress Sera is okay," Linda mumbled to herself as she sat down on the floor with her back against the wall. She twiddled her thumbs nervously and kept telling herself that it was going to be fine. She kept reminding herself of Sera's unnaturally monstrous strength and power. She had only known the blond girl for a day, but she felt as if she knew her all her life. Ever since she locked eyes with such a beautiful goddess, she surrendered her mind, spirit, and body to her new Mistress.

Right beside her and lying down on the floor was a knocked out Thirteen. The brunette with red streaks in her hair was told to get her unconscious classmate out of the locker room and wait for the fight to end. She considered peeking in, but she was sure that her Mistress would not like that one bit. All she could do for now was sit buck naked in the hallway next to a guy who saw her getting dominated by a beautiful and powerful blonde.

"What's wrong? Your Mistress kick you out or something?" A voice asked mischievously from down the hall.

Linda immediately stood and faced the source of the voice with a fearful look on her face. She hadn't anticipated anyone else staying after school... but then again, she hadn't anticipated Thirteen and Monica/Motoko interrupting her time with Sera, either. Whoever it was, the young submissive wasn't sure if she could drive him away in her current state.

"You know, you were pretty hot in there with that Sera chick. It was a very nice show you put on for Thirteen and me," Trent grinned as he looked Linda up and down as if he were checking out a painting or some other work of art. For some odd reason, he did not have any clothes on, but he acted as if that was a normal thing. He was more than ten metres away when he got Linda's attention. In the blink of an eye, he was standing right in front of the startled girl with his face only inches from hers. "I don't suppose you're interested in guys as well?"

"Uh... um... I only like Mistress and only Mistress," Linda managed to squeak out after getting startled by Trent's quick movements. The trembling submissive took one too many steps back and ended up against the wall. The first thing she wondered was how anyone could grow their hair as long as Trent did. The second thing she wondered about was how anyone was able to move that fast. She considered the possibility of teleportation, but such things only existed in sci-fi and fantasy... right?

"Really? That's too bad, cause I was hoping I'd have a chance with you," Trent smirked as he planted a hand against the wall next to Linda's head. He moved his face closer to the frightened brunette and added, "You look ready for a good fucking what with that dripping wet cunt of yours, so I thought I'd ask. Guess not, huh? Oh well... I guess I'll see if Sera's interested."

"I... I..." Linda stammered as she watched her classmate head towards the locker room. After a moment's hesitation, she grabbed the long-haired blond guy by the arm and exclaimed, "Wait! You can't go in there. You... you just can't! Mistress will get mad if she knew I let you in there. I'm sure of it!"

"Then you're going to have to give me a reason to stay out of there," Trent grinned as he reached up with his right hand and brushed Linda's bangs to the side. He towered over the submissive girl and looked deep down into her eyes. "Have you even fucked a guy before?"

"Um... not... not really. Do dogs count?" Linda's mind practically exploded with humiliation as soon as the words were out. She wondered what the hell was wrong with her for mentioning that! When she was fourteen, she lost her virginity to her pet dog, a Great Dane named Jingles. She was desperate to please her Mistress, but she was sure she could have done that without asking if dogs counted. She shut her eyes in shame and waited for Trent's disgusted rejection.

"Dogs, huh? So you're into dogs," Trent smirked as he lowered himself so that his face was right in front of Linda's pussy. He grabbed hold of the trembling submissive by the hips and dipped his head forward.

"Huh?" Linda snapped her eyes open with shock when she felt heavy breathing on her pussy. With that shocked expression still on her face, she looked down and gasped. Sitting on his haunches and licking the shocked girl's pussy was a golden retriever was practically slobbering all over the brunette's pussy. With wide open eyes, the girl asked, "Are... are you... real?"

"Does it feel real? Do you want me to stop?" Trent, the talking dog, looked up into the shocked girl's face and started panting heavily. When he got no response, he continued licking away at his submissive classmate's snatch with vigorous attention.

"Ah-no... st... don't st-stop..." Linda moaned with pleasure as she felt the attention on her pussy continue. Her bare back against the wall slid down until her buttocks reached the floor. She trembled as she planted her hands against the floor and opened up her legs so that her furry friend had more access to her womanhood. She hadn't felt like this since Jingles died a couple years ago. It brought back a lot of sweet and wonderful memories. Sweet, wonderful, and naughty memories.

The submissive girl's breathing became heavier and her heart raced with pleasure. She pushed her ass forward and the back of her neck against the wall. She shuddered and shivered as if she were being electrocuted from the inside as each lick sent her closer and closer to heaven. As the dog's tongue lapped away, Linda's hands reached up and pulled the dog's head closer. A new wave of pleasure hit her as she felt the canine tongue drive deeper into her love canal.

"Ah... ah... right there... that's the spot..." Linda gasped as she guided the dog's head towards her clit. Her favourite kind of lick was the kind that went from her anus up to her exposed clitoris. That was the kind of lick that sent the submissive bitch over the edge. Trent did that kind of lick three times in a row, sending the submissive bitch over the edge and beyond.

Electric signals danced around within the brunette's body, sending her into a frenzy of ecstasy. Sparks of pleasure travelled throughout her arms, legs, hands, feet, fingers, and toes. Shivers went up her spine as her orgasm subsided and her juices squirted out from her pussy. The waves kept going for Trent did not stop with just one orgasm. The shape-shifting human-dog continued lapping away, sending more powerful waves of electric sparks down the girl's spine. It was enough to induce a second orgasm... and a third one right after that.

Linda would have gladly accepted a fourth orgasm with open-arms, but she wanted more than just licking. With trembling hands, she somehow found the strength to lift her left leg over Trent's head and face the wall. She placed her right forearm against the wall and reached back with her left hand. With her knees against the floor, she used her left fingers to spread her pussy lips wide open for her canine partner to see.

"Please... please fuck me," Linda begged as she breathed heavily from her last three orgasms. She placed her forehead against her right forearm and kept her pussy lips open with her left middle finger and thumb. It didn't take long before she felt the shape-shifter mount her. Within seconds, the head of the canine's cock was up against the entrance to the brown-haired bitch's wet canal. With her pussy already wet, it didn't take long for the cock to enter her and start fucking away. "Ah... like that. Harder... give it to me harder. Keep... keep fucking me. Please!"

"You asked for it, bitch," Trent smirked as he continued pounding away at the wanton slut. His tongue hung out as he panted heavily as all dogs do. In his human form, his cock was around seven inches, which was already pretty big for a human male. However, his cock was easily twice that size when he was in his dog form. For that reason, he was particularly proud of being a dog. There were other reason, of course, but that was one of them.

"I'm your bitch! I'm your slut! Do whatever the hell you want to me, but keep using me like the bitch I am!" Linda screamed out as she tried to push back in unison with the dog's movements. One of the advantages of getting fucked by a dog was that a dog was unpredictable with his thrusts. They just pounded away like there was no tomorrow, so pushing back when the dog thrust forward felt like winning the orgasmic lottery.

Linda wailed in pleasure as the electric sparks came back for yet another dance within her body. The dance of the sparks continued even as fresh dog cum filled her cunt to the brim. Her body collapsed against the floor and her arms splayed out in front of her. Her knees remained bent for the dog's cock was still inside her vagina. A familiar sensation crossed her mind as she felt a knot form inside her pussy. There was no point in trying to pull it out, so she decided to simply wait for the knot to disappear.

"One of the advantages of being a shape-shifting human-dog hybrid is that I can simply turn human when I want the knot out," Trent smirked as he changed back into his human form. He pulled his cock out of Linda's pussy, and then changed back into his golden retriever form. With his cock still dripping with fresh semen, he pressed his tongue against Linda's pussy and started cleaning up the mess. Pride filled his heart once he sent his submissive bitch into a fifth orgasm.

*****

"Ugh..." Monica/Motoko groaned as she finally decided to get up off the locker room floor. She still felt her own juices mixed in with her saliva and Sera's saliva and pussy juice sticking to her inner thighs. Her eyes wandered around the room until they rested upon the clock. Apparently, it hadn't been that long since Sera left the locker room after the intense... Monica's face reddened as soon as she thought about it.

With wobbly legs and a pounding headache, she walked over to her locker and swung open the door. She reached around with a trembling hand until she found her P.E. clothes and started to put them on. She wondered for a moment whether or not she should take a shower first before putting on her clothes. She decided against it and simply donned the P.E. outfit, checking to make sure her juices did not soak through at the same time.

Once that was done with, she picked up her katana and froze for a second when she realized that it was still sticky. The demon huntress used her hands to wipe off her fluids as best she could before giving up. With a sword smelling like pussy and her entire body smelling like sex and sweat, she left the locker room. As soon as she did, the first thing she saw was a golden retriever running around chasing his tail.

"Oh... hey there, Monica!" Trent exclaimed as he stopped chasing his tail long enough to greet his bewildered classmate. While still in dog form, he walked over and sniffed the Japanese girl's pussy. "Sera just took Linda and left. So what'd ya do in there, anyway? A little girl-bonding, I take it?"

"Ah... wha... how... wha..." Monica stammered with a bewildered look on her face. Questions went through her head such as 'how did he know my name?' or 'is he a friendly talking dog or is this a trick?' She immediately calmed herself down and reminded herself that she had seen much stranger sights as a demon huntress and sword girl. She sought out the words she wanted to say before asking, "Who are you and how do you know Sera?"

"Heh, the name's Trent and I'm a student in your homeroom," Trent replied as he changed into his human form. All of his long hair hung down to his ankles while the front part of his body was exposed for the world to see. Well... exposed to anyone in the hallway to see, anyway. He held out a hand and grinned, "Nice to meetcha. I'm a friend of this guy, Thirteen over there, by the way. We caught Sera's show live, but I guess he got busted or something."

"Er... I... I see..." Monica replied as she blushed at the sight of Trent's nudity. Unlike everyone else, she did not wonder about the blonde boy's super long hair. She wondered about the blonde boy's ability to change into a dog and vice versa. She had met some shape-shifters before, but never thought there was one in her homeroom class. She looked away and asked, "I don't suppose you could put on some clothes?"

"Sure, they're in my locker near Thirteen's," Trent replied as he grabbed Thirteen by the ankles and started dragged him down the hallway. He waved Monica over to follow him; picked up the ankle he dropped, and continued dragging his new friend.

"Wait a minute, you will hit his head!" Monica exclaimed as she rushed forward and grabbed Thirteen by the armpits and helped carried her unconscious classmate. Her face reddened even more as soon as she noticed that she was pressing Thirteen's face against her crotch. Thanking whoever was in charge of the afterlife for her classmate's unconscious state, she lifted Thirteen up further and away from her pussy. That was when another thought clicked into her head, "Wait a minute, how did you know my name?"

*****

Later that night...

"I'm sorry Mistress, I didn't mean to disobey you," Linda cried as she knelt on the locker room floor. She was wearing a green tank-top with a black miniskirt and high-heel sandals. Small rings made of jade hung down from her ears and a jade bracelet encircled her left wrist. "I just had to stop that dog-man from interrupting your work, Mistress."

"Shh... It's quite alright," Sera assured her new pet as she patted her on the head like a dog. She turned away from the distressed Linda and said, "We only met just recently, after all. It's not like we've made any commitments to each other. At least not yet, anyway."

"I want to commit to you, Mistress," Linda sobbed as tears rolled down her cheeks. "I want to be your slave. I've never felt this way until I met you. Please make me your slave."

"Go home and think about it first. We can talk about it when you've calmed down," Sera replied as she stood in front of one of the lockers in the locker room. She opened up the door with a smirk on her face. On the bottom of the locker were fragments of a coil of rope, a saliva-covered ball-gag, and a vibrator that was still vibrating. Sera touched her chin in a thoughtful manner and said, "Oh dear... looks like she escaped. Oh well... hope she enjoyed the show I put on for her, anyway."

*****

"That demoness... I can't believe it. Of all the schools, she just had to pick this one," A naked woman wearing only a mask and sunglasses growled as she looked down from the school rooftop. A trail of her own juice ran down her legs as she fingered away at her pussy. In her other hand, she held Monica's panties to her face. She lowered her mask and sniffed the panties as she masturbated away in the chilly night air. "Still... there are quite a few worthy prizes out here including the demoness herself. I guess I have no choice but to resort to some... supernatural forces myself." 










"Alright! I'm finally gonna make my first appearance!" Rock cheered as he pumped a fist into the air. He was holding a notebook titled "Deathnote's ideas for the WTF High series" (no such notebook exists!).

"Congratulations, Rock," Sandra said as she placed a hand on Rock's shoulder. She leaned her head in and peered at the pages of the notebook. Suddenly, both she and Rock's faces went pale. "I'm... how... that many... all at once?"

"Wait... you can't be serious," Rock stammered as he flipped through the pages and read his future fate. After a few more minutes of reading, he furiously tore up the notebook into simple confetti and growled, "Okay, where's that damn author?"

"Why, what seems to be the problem, you two?" Sera smirked as she suddenly appeared right behind the two troubled teens. A devilish grin stretched across her face as she added, "Last I checked, the author was looking up demon names for inspiration."

"Yeah right, he's probably reading Naruto," Rock grumbled as he fell into a cross-legged sitting position with his arms crossed. "Either that or he's watching bondage porn."

"He's... getting ideas..." Sandra shivered at the thought of her fate as streams of tears ran down from her eyes. She crouched next to Rock and depressingly looked down at the ground.

"Actually, he's reading Tenjou Tenge," Sera explained as she placed a hand on both Rock and Sandra in a futile attempt to console them. "Don't worry; you'll both have your cool moments."

"....." Both Rock and Sandra sighed at the same time.

*****

"Hey Rock, close up when you're done. I'm heading home," The voice of a middle-aged man instructed from outside the kitchen of a small diner. The voice belonged to the owner of the diner, which could only afford to hire one chef.

"Right, sure... whatever," Rock, the diner's chef, grumbled as he continued mopping up the kitchen. He was a strong-looking individual with a heavy built to his body and a tough-looking face. Despite the white apron he was wearing, he looked like a regular street punk trying to look tough.

Although he was still in high school, the young chef was good enough to cook for a five-star restaurant. It wasn't very surprising for his friends and family considering his father was a well-known cook who could exceed the level of a seven-star restaurant, if one existed. Two years ago, Rock was sent to work at one of his father's friend's diner. Suffice to say, he was pissed because he had no say in the matter whatsoever.

As soon as the young man was done cleaning up, he stepped outside the diner to lock up. As soon as he was done, something in the corner of his eye caught his attention. His attention was on one of the red lights just across the nearest intersection. He was unable to explain it, but he felt something... abnormal about one of the red lights. After a few seconds, he shrugged his shoulders and headed home.

Title: WTF High's School Defense Force - Lesson IV
Class: 4D
Room: 104
If these guys are the minions, what's their boss like?

"~Shyrliowkoougu of Asmodai, Liowyuhgu of Asmodai, and Syhmianngu of Asmodai. I summon you to do my bidding. Minions of Asmodeus, hear my cry. Please accept these humble offerings in exchange for your services.~"

The red-light district was called such because of the practice of putting red lights in the windows to indicate the nature of the business. Some say that the origin of this dated back to when railway workers left their red lanterns outside of brothels before going in. Within one of the apartments above one of the adult shops, a different sort of red light shone through the window. This apartment was in the perfect location for summoning demons of lust.

"~Shyrliowkoougu, disciple of the 16 voices of hell. Liowyuhgu, disciple of the six illusions of desires. Syhmianngu, disciple of the four-sided pain. Come forth and speak to me. Please grant me your services.~"

A woman with long brown hair and pink bangs and a red string around each long side-burn stood in the middle of the apartment. She wore a metal mask and silver-framed sunglasses to hide her face. She chose not to wear anything for it was required for all of her body to be exposed during the summoning ritual. Her exposed womanhood was shaved and dripping wet with excitement at the prospect of what might happen next.

The wooden floor beneath her was stained with crimson red blood. The blood was intentionally spread in such a way as to create a circle with dozens of strange symbols surrounding and within it. Lined on the edge of the circle were plates of food bought from nearby grocery stores. These included an entire chicken, a bowl of fruit, and a two-layered chocolate cake.

Of course, Metal Mask (let's call her that for now, shall we?) anticipated that food was not enough to satisfy demons of lust. For this reason, huddling in each of the four corners of the apartment was a teenaged girl around 16 to 18. They were all blindfolded, ball-gagged, collared, and chained to their respective corners. The four girls were all friends and were walking home together when they were ambushed by a single masked woman. It happened so fast that they weren't entirely sure what really happened. They weren't sure what was going on and what was going to happen to them. All they knew was that they were in a room somewhere with a strange woman chanting about demons.

"Demons of Asmodai. Demons of Lust. Accept these humble offerings as payment for your services," Metal Mask gasped as she stuck a finger into her own pussy. She continued chanting and fingering herself at the same time as she stood there in the summoning circle. Her pussy juice dripped onto the wooden floor, causing the strange blood symbols to glow each time it happened. The masked woman's breathing became heavier and her blood boiled with lust as she felt herself reach a climax. She closed her eyes and concentrated on making herself orgasm. As the waves of pleasure took over, she momentarily forgot about her task at hand.

"Heh... dirty slut, whatcha want?"

Metal Mask snapped her eyes open and found herself staring into the fiery eyes of a large demon. The woman was taken aback by the sudden appearance and fell on her shapely tight ass. For a moment, fear struck her heart for this was the first time she had ever succeeded with a summoning ritual. As if on cue, her piss soaked the floor beneath her and drenched her ass and legs at the same time. Even through her sunglasses and mask, one could easily tell that she was very much afraid of the demons she had summoned.

"Ugh, little bitch pissed herself," Koougu, the demon in the middle growled as he pinched his nose in disgust. This demon stood at around six feet tall and had sickly blue fur. He had extremely long limbs and there were eight fingers on each hand. He had razor-sharp claws attached to the ends of his fingers and toes. His eyes were like large vertical ovals and his fangs were at least an inch long. A single horn that was quite similar to a unicorn's jutted out of his forehead.

"Who cares? I like my woman down and dirty," Mianngu, the demon on the left smirked as he licked his lips in anticipation. This demon was the largest of them and stood around eight feet tall. He had scaly red skin and four Herculean large arms. A pair of ram-like horns sat upon his large bearded head.

"Whatever, I don't think she was planning on offering herself," Yuhgu grumbled as he looked around the room and looked over the four bound girls. This demon had orange skin and stood around seven feet tall. He had long black hair with two horns sticking out of his forehead. Encircled around his wrists and ankles were iron manacles with broken chains. He also had two tails swishing around behind him as if they had minds of their own.

"Um... uh... yeah! I... please accept these offerings," Metal Mask stammered as soon as she found her voice. She looked around before grabbing a bowl of fruit and held it out to the three demons. Unfortunately for her, that was a bad move.

"Bitch, you think trash like this can satisfy us?" Koougu growled angrily as he knocked the bowl of fruit out of the masked woman's hands. The bound girls in the four corners of the room winced as soon as they heard the bowl of fruit smash against the wall. The blue demon grabbed Metal Mask by the hair and glared right into her eyes. "Demons like us only accept quality offerings like wine, gold, and jewels. If you were going to pay with food, you should at least pay with something even remotely delicious. If you can't afford to pay any of those things, you pay with your body. Understand?"

"I... yes... yes sir..." Metal Mask trembled in response as she felt the demon's breath hit her face with each word. She expected something foul-smelling to come out of the demon's mouth, but strangely enough that wasn't the case. The demon's breathe did not smell of rotting corpses or anything like that. Instead, the smell of sex was what came out of the blue demon's mouth every time he spoke.

"Leave her alone, Koougu," Yuhgu said as he stood over one of the bound girls, Ginger. Ginger had a petite body and auburn red hair that was tied into a single pigtail. The poor girl had no idea what was going on, but she knew what was about to happen to her. She was bound, gagged, and naked. There was no question as to what her and her friends' fates were going to be. The orange demon grunted, "Looks like she was prepared. These girls look good enough. One of them's a virgin, too."

"Heh... alright then," Koougu grinned as he released his hold on the masked woman's hair. He stood over Metal Mask with his arms crossed. "Speak! For what reason have you summoned us?"

"There's... there's a group of people I want you to hunt down," Metal Mask replied as quickly as possible. "One of them's a female practitioner of the Shin Onitsurugi-Ryuu style of kenjutsu. Another is a blonde demoness with serpent-like eyes. The third is... well... some guy named Berserker or Thirteen or something. I need you to defeat them and bring them back alive and in one piece."

"Shin Onitsurugi-Ryuu, hmm? I've been waiting for the chance to fight someone who practices that," Mianngu said as he touched his chin thoughtfully. He shrugged his shoulders and walked over to one of the other bound girls, Jenna. Jenna had short brown hair with long bangs and a lithe and athletic body. "Oh well... fuck now, fight later."

"Agreed, no need to let these dumb sluts go to waste," Koougu smirked as he ignored the masked woman and turned his attention on another girl, Lana. Lana had long black hair that reached down to her well-endowed breasts. The blue demon ripped the ball-gag from the frightened girl before forcing the head of his blue cock into the bound girl's mouth.

"Mmm!" Lana tried to move her head back, but the blue demon held her head in place. In a desperate attempt to get the cock out of her mouth, she also tried to bite down. Unfortunately, the demon's blue cock was as hard as a turtle's shell and biting down hurt the girl more than the demon. Tears ran down her cheeks as she came to the conclusion that she had no choice but to suck on this stranger's manhood.

"Stay on all fours and follow me," Yuhgu instructed as he grabbed Ginger by the pigtail and dragged her across the room. He broke the chains that bounded the red head to the wall. He headed towards the fourth human offering, Candi. Candi was a blonde girl with short hair and tanned skin. Along the way, the orange demon picked up the chocolate cake with his two tails and said, "Let's have a little fun with your friend, shall we?"

"Nice ass you got there, bitch. All tight and waiting to be fucked," Mianngu smirked as he held Jenna's wrists behind her back. He used his other pair of arms to grab the ankles and spread the girl's strong legs apart. He carefully positioned his red cock, and then slammed right into his victim's ass. Jenna could do nothing but scream into her gag and cry out of sheer pain. As painful as a cock getting rammed into her ass was, it was nothing compared to the pain she felt next. All you needed to know to understand what happened next was that the red demon had retractable spikes all over his body... including his manhood.

Meanwhile, Yuhgu was having some fun with Ginger and Candi. The orange demon positioned Candi so that she was lying down on her back with her knees up and spread apart. He took the chocolate cake and smeared it all over the blonde girl's body. Afterwards, he ripped Ginger's gag off and ordered her to lick what was left on the empty plate. Once the red head was done with that task, the orange demon proceeded to instruct Ginger to eat off of her friend's body.

Ginger and Candi weren't really repulsed by the idea for they were guilty of doing so on several occasions before. It started a couple summers ago before they started high school. They were eating ice cream together when Candi's chocolate ice cream melted onto her fingers. As a joke, Ginger licked the ice cream off of her friend's fingers only to find out that they both liked it. Since then, they experimented with different kinds of food and their bond grew over the years. It was almost as if Yuhgu knew of their secret. Perhaps he did know... for who truly knew what a demon was capable of.

Although Ginger enjoyed eating off of Candi, they were still in a horrifying situation. The red head decided to focus on eating off of her friend instead of worrying about what might happen to them. Her long pink tongue scooped up the chocolate fudge as her cheek became a mess. She was still blindfolded, so she wasn't able to tell where she was licking.

She made her way across the belly and up the breasts, feeling shivers of pleasure from the skin of her friend. She gently sucked on Candi's nipples, tasting the cream-covered mounds of flesh as she did so. It was a two-layered cake, so it wasn't like she was planning on eating all of it. Therefore, she decided to go on ahead and nuzzled her face into the blonde girl's neck. It wasn't long before her face was just as much covered with cake as Candi's.

Candi recognized her friend's tongue sweep across her body. Despite her bound state, she relished the feeling of Ginger eating cake off of her skin. A moan of pleasure emitted from her throat as soon as she felt the other girl's soft face against her throat. She writhed and moaned with pleasure at this familiar feeling. Her heart hammered and her fears nearly subsided, especially when Ginger started licking Candi's face.

"Damn slut doesn't know how to suck cock," Koougu growled angrily as he pulled his cock out of Lana's mouth. With his razor-sharp claws, he slashed the chains binding the large breasted girl and grabbed her by the hair. The blue demon pulled the crying girl along as he made his way towards Jenna and Mianngu. He threw the girl at the feet of the red demon and positioned her so that she was right underneath Jenna. "Let's see if your pussy licking skills are any better. Your friend here must be in a lot of pain right now what with that cock in her ass. Why don't you make her feel better?"

With that, the blue demon grabbed Lana's head with both hands and thrust her face into Jenna's pussy. Lana squirmed as soon as she felt her friend's womanhood against her lips and tried to pull away. Unfortunately, she lacked the strength to overcome the blue demon's monstrous power. Although she did not know she was in the presence of demons, she was too afraid nonetheless to speak out against her captors. She tentatively snaked out her tongue and lightly brushed it against the outer lips of Jenna's pussy.

Jenna was in a much worse position than her friend. Fortunately for her, the red demon was "kind" enough to keep the spikes on his cock dull. Although the spikes made the experience infinitely more painful, they were not sharp enough to pierce through the anal walls of the brunette. She was able to keep herself from teetering over the edge and into unconsciousness. However, she wasn't sure why she wanted to stay conscious when she could simply slip into a peaceful slumber and away from the pain. That was when she felt something warm and wonderful on her pussy lips.

"Mmph..." Metal Mask stifled a moan as she waited outside of the room. She managed to slip out while the demons were busy defiling as many holes as they could with their manhood. She sat on the floor with her back against the wall, fingering away at her dripping wet, piss-soaked pussy. She left a crack in the door before she left so that she could catch bits of the show. The sight of Ginger eating off of Candi particularly interested her and the reason why she was able to reach multiple orgasms.

"That's right, lick that bitch good," Yuhgu growled as he grabbed Ginger's pigtail and forced her down on Candi's pussy. He positioned the girls so that they were in the 69 position with Ginger on top. Candi was still coated with cake, but the chocolate layers only made her that much more irresistible to fuck. With his free hand on the red head's back, the orange demon licked his lips at the sight with glee. His two tails snaked out from either side and slithered their way onto the entrance of the girls' exposed and ready pussies. Ginger and Candi found themselves unable to resist moaning into each other's womanhood as they ate each other out.

Ginger was rocking her hips back and forth, trying to get the orange demon's tail into herself. Although she was still a virgin, her fear of getting penetrated for the first time was subsided by the need for pleasure. Candi was also trying to get the demon's tail inside of her as she wrapped her arms around her friend's waist and pushed herself down. It was almost as though the two girls were possessed... which wasn't that far-fetched of an idea.

Koougu couldn't take anymore and simply opted to fuck Jenna's pussy. He pushed Lana's head down and ordered her to keep licking the spot between Jenna's pussy and anus. With that, he placed his hands on the brunette's shoulders and popped his blue cock in the quivering girl's wet and waiting womanhood. Jenna's heart skipped a beat right before the double penetration started. She started gasping for breathe through her gag as she tried to get used to the fact that she had two monstrous cocks inside of her. What was more... she was quite convinced by now that one of them had four arms!

Lana, Mianngu, and Koougu stopped for a moment as soon as they heard Ginger and Candi scream out in pleasure. Blood pooled out of Ginger's freshly deflowered vagina and into Candi's open mouth. Candi accepted the gift and swallowed it greedily as she felt the orange demon's tail enter her. The two girls moaned in unison even as they licked each other's clit until they both climaxed at the same time.

"Let's just finish this up already. My balls are getting blue," Koougu growled as he pulled out of Jenna's pussy and grabbed Lana by the hair. He dragged the whimpering girl towards the centre of the room. "Kneel right there and don't move until I say so."

"Your balls are always blue," Mianngu chuckled as he retracted his spikes and pulled out of Jenna's ass. With the brunette's wrists and ankles still in his hands, he followed his companion towards the centre of the room. He dropped the exhausted girl in front of Lana and ordered her to kneel as well. By this time, Yuhgu had also dragged his two victims over and had them kneeling as well.

"Right, so here's what we're going to do," Koougu smirked as he grabbed hold of Jenna's ball-gag and ripped it from her mouth. The blue demon stroked his manhood and continued, "We're gonna cover you with our cum and you're going to lick it off of each other."

"Shouldn't take too long, considering what a good fuck they were," Mianngu grinned as he started jacking off as well.

"Are you kidding? The whores back home could suck cock better than these cunts," Koougu growled as he tapped the back of his claw against the top of Lana's head.

"They weren't bad... for humans, anyway," Yuhgu shrugged as his shoulders as he began shooting his seed onto the girls. As soon as he did, the other two demons followed suit and covered the four blindfolded girls with monstrous amounts of cum. To understand how much cum there was, imagine three horses cumming at the same time. Now multiply that amount by three and you're halfway there.

"One of the target's a demoness, right? Lemme take her," Koougu smirked as he squirted out the last of his demonic seed. He watched with an amused look on his face as Jenna started licking Lana's large breasts. It was awkward for the four girls for they were slipping around in cum and trying to locate each other. They were still blindfolded so it was hard to figure out what part of the body they were licking and who it belonged to.

"Right, I'll take the kenjutsu brat," Mianngu cracked his knuckles and chuckled in response.

"Damn, I get the guy? That's no fun," Yuhgu growled as he licked Ginger and Candi's juices off his two tails. "Maybe I can get some cunts on the way or something."

"I think you're missing the point here, guys," Koougu chuckled as he crossed his arms. "This is the first time we've been out in a long time. I say we have some fun with these mortals before we have to head back home."

The two other demons agreed, and then continued watching the four girls lick each other off. Ginger managed to find Lana's left foot and was sucking away at the other girl's toes like a dehydrated runner with a popsicle. Candi found Jenna's neck and was licking away at that. The four girls continued eating the demon seed off of each other throughout the night until they were too exhausted to even move anymore.

*****

The next morning...

"Ginger Sachar! Not here? Okay, moving on... Lana Limestone? Lana Limestone, are you here?" Mr. Smith looked around the room and when he didn't receive a response he continued down the list, "Jennifer Reeves. Jennifer Reeves, are you here? No? Okay... Candice Spiegelman. Candice Spiegelman?"

"Sorry I'm late! Er... again!" A student who was well-known for being late by now rushed into the classroom. This time, however, he had a friend trailing behind him. Rock, the second student to enter the classroom simply shrugged his shoulders and took his seat.

"Right... Rush, take your seat," Mr. Smith grumbled, referring to the first student to enter the classroom late. To the second student he said, "So... you nickname's Rock, huh? Well it's Ricky Martin for today. Deal with it."

"Huh... who's Ricky Martin?" Rock asked as he raised an eyebrow in response to his new nickname.

"Some singer way back then, I dunno," Mr. Smith answered before continuing with the attendance.

"Let's see... Thirteen, Berserker, Leafy, Domino, Krusty, and now it's Rush... some of these nicknames aren't so bad," Rush muttered to himself as he counted off all the nicknames he received since the first day of school. He wondered momentarily if his new nickname was because he was always rushing to class. He also considered the possibility of there being a connection to the red robot dog from the Megaman series. His thoughts slowly drifted off towards video games and how far back some of the series went. It didn't take long before he was living in his own little world inside his head.

Meanwhile, Monica was still thinking about Sera's invitation from four days ago. She considered going to the demoness' house after school, but she didn't want a repeat of what happened last time. For this reason, she thought about bringing along Rush and a few of their new friends. She asked Rush whether or not he knew where Sera's home was, but her friend shook his head and said that he didn't. Was Sera lying when she said that Rush/Berserker would know where she lived?

"ZZZZZZZZZZZZ," Rock snored as he laid his head on his desk behind Rush and slept away throughout first period. He skipped his first and second day of school because he didn't feel like going. On the third day, he was as late as Rush and received the nickname 'Punkass' as punishment.

In an attempt to get to school on time, Rush woke up as early as possible and skipped breakfast. Unfortunately, he got lost in his own world again and ended up in front of a diner near the red-light district. Since he skipped breakfast, he went inside and found out that Rock worked there. The two of them got to know each other and became friends quite quickly. Rock also got to know Trent and Monica during lunch and after school.

Pop!

"Huh?" Rock snapped wake and looked up to see that everyone else was leaving for their next class. He also noticed that Trent was holding up a torn paper bag. He grabbed the torn paper bag and crammed it up against the grinning idiot's face before heading off for his next class. In the olden days, the bell would have been loud enough to wake him up in time to stop Trent. Unfortunately for him, the bells in his era were simple chimes that were barely audible.

"Uh... should I be telling him about the drawings on his face?" Rush scratched his head as he watched Rock leave the classroom.

"Nah, I wanna see how long before he notices," Trent smirked as he twirled a black marker in his right hand.

*****

Five or so hours later...

Koougu, you've located that blonde wench yet? Yuhgu asked as he walked down the street in a trench coat and hat. Although he was the one who suggested using disguises, he found that it was unnecessary at the moment. For some reason, the street he walked along was completely empty save for a stray black cat. It was only later that he learned of a new mall a couple blocks over that had everyone's attention. Since his target had no clear or consistent route, he chose the most deserted place and hoped that his target would arrive.

Heh... I got the bitch in my sights, Koougu smirked as he watched his prey while hidden in the tall trees. Being a blue demon of speed and stealth, he was able to hide himself pretty well from any passers-by. His malicious eyes were set upon the beautiful blonde girl sitting outside on the balcony of a new mall that opened just recently. Sera was sitting alone at one of the tables with a bottle of V8 in front of her. By Asmodai, she's hot! Can't wait to see her squealing and begging like the fucking slut she is.

The balcony was three stories up and led to the open food court inside. There were no walls and no doors separating the balcony from the food court. The balcony itself was pretty huge and there was quite a bit of space between tables. There were several trees on each side of the balcony, each standing around five stories high. A lot of people were there to check out the new mall since there was little to none other place to hang out and have fun.

Mianngu? You didn't bring along one of the sacrifices again, did you? Koougu asked as he moved along one of the branches above the balcony to get a better view. He clawed his way along the wooden arm and kept his eyes on the prize.

What? Stake-outs are boring without the proper kind of company, Mianngu protested as he waited inside one of the empty classrooms. The classroom he was in was one of those spare classrooms that no one ever uses... ever. It was completely bare save for ten or so desks pushed off to the side and the teacher's desk that he was sitting on.

Held within the red demon's four hands was Ginger, who was blindfolded and gagged yet again. His upper hands held up Ginger by the arm-pits while his lower hands molested the pigtailed girl's round and soft breasts. He held upon the sobbing girl's knees with his own knees while his cock penetrated the red head's ass. With his unnaturally strong arms, he lifted Ginger up and down on his manhood as if the girl in his hands was only a rag doll.

You're getting the Japanese chick, yet you're fucking one of the sacrifices? Yuhgu grumbled irritably. Whatever... just get the job done, alright? No screw ups. I'll talk to you guys later. I think I see him coming.

Gentleman... let the games begin! Koougu snickered as he got ready to pounce on the blonde demoness.

*****

"So, where'd Trent head off to?" Rock grumbled as he walked along the sidewalk towards the diner. Ever since the new mall opened up, business had been slow. That was fine with him cause it meant less work he had to do and he definitely didn't feel like working today.

"He went off to check out the new mall that just opened up," Rush replied with a shrug of his shoulders. "I was planning on check it out myself, but I kept getting lost on the way. Trent went ahead of me, so I couldn't follow him."

"You mean he ran there and you couldn't catch up," Rock muttered with a disgruntled look on his face. "What about Monica?"

"She said she had some business to take care of and said it'd take awhile," Rush replied. "I guess it has someth..."

"Excuse me, are you the kid with many nicknames?" A gruff voice belonging to a tall man in a trench coat asked. Red eyes glowed from behind the shadows cast by the fedora on the stranger's head. It was also hard not to notice from up close that this man had orange skin.

"Uh... I... guess..." Rush blinked as he stared up at the tall man. He wasn't sure how to describe it, but he felt as though there was something... dangerous about the person in front of him.

"Get the fuck out of our way, old man," Rock growled as he stepped in front of Rush and glared into the glowing red eyes. "I know a flashing retard when I see one."

"Don't take this personally, but get out of my way, boy," Yuhgu replied coldly as he landed a left backhand against the youngster's face. Rock's face snapped to the side and he was sent flying through the air and into a brick wall across the street. The wall crumbled and he found himself buried underneath the pile of bricks. No human could have survived that.

"Huh?" Rush's eyes were wide open as he gaped at the damage this strange orange demon demonstrated with ease. His eyes turned back towards the orange demon as he wondered how he was going to get out of this situation.

"You're coming with me," Yuhgu growled as he reached out to grab the frightened young man by the shirt.

*****

"Heh... looks like someone's caught us," Mianngu smirked as he stopped ramming his monstrous cock up Ginger's ass. His attention was on the doorway where someone had just shown up. "Wanna join in? Don't worry, I'll be gentle."

"Wha... who... what are you? What are you doing to Ginger?" Io gasped as she backed away from the room with a hand covering her mouth. She found a note that Monica threw away during lunch time. Curiosity got to her when she read the note and decided to check it out and find out what her friend was up to. Little did she know that Monica went home to fetch her sword, otherwise she wouldn't had been in such a dangerous position.

"Come on now, don't be shy," The red giant lifted Ginger's ass off his cock and dropped her onto the floor with his lower hands. He allowed the slave girl to rest for awhile as he went to claim another victim. He stepped out into the empty hallway and reached out to grab the youthful-looking girl with his upper hands. "It'll be fun, I promise."

*****

"Just a simple grab-and-go operation, that's all," Koougu grinned as he got ready to attack the blonde demoness.

"Hey! What's up!" Trent exclaimed as his face suddenly appeared upside-down in front of the blue demon.

"Gah!" Koougu screamed out in surprise as he lost his balance and fell off the branch.

KKKEEEERRRRAAAAAAASSSSSSSHHHHHHHHHHH!!!

Screams filled the open air as everyone's attention shifted towards the blue demon. They looked on in awe at the sight and started taking pictures with their cell-phones. Koougu growled angrily as he stood up from what remained of the table that broke his fall. He ignored the mortals and focused on the brat who somehow managed to sneak up on him, the master of speed and stealth.

"Haha! I thought I was the only one who liked to climb trees," Trent laughed as he landed on the floor of the balcony between Koougu and Sera. His long blonde hair cascaded around him as he twirled a pair of strange-looking daggers in his hands. He stopped his twirling, turned around, and waved to Sera, "Hey Sera! Came to check this place out too?"

Sera smirked as she simply waved in response to Trent. She watched with careful eyes as the events before her unfolded. Her ears were also on the spectators around her in case one of them said something interesting. Apparently, they were all convinced that this was some kind of public stunt or act to go along with the opening of the new mall.

"So fellow tree-climber, my name's Trent! What's yours?" Trent asked with a cheerful look on his face.

"GGGRRRRRR," Koougu growled angrily as he raked the floor with his razor-sharp claws. He rushed forth with the intent to kill clearly in his eyes.

*****

"No! Leave me alone!" Io cried as she felt herself getting lifted off the ground. She kicked and screamed, but nothing she did made the red demon release her.

"Delicious," Mianngu licked his lips as he lifted Io by the wrists with one right hand so that their faces were lined up. He reached out with his tongue as Io squirmed and turned her face as far to the side as she could.

Bang!

"Huh?" Mianngu blinked as he felt something explode against the side of his head. He turned his head and noticed that his left horn had shattered into a million fragments. His eyes fell upon the source of the explosion: A teen wearing black clothes and wielding a large magnum.

Ting!

"What?" Mianngu's eyes faced the front just in time to see the blade pass through his right arm. Eyes wide, he staggered back in pain and fear at this new development. He looked down to the right and noticed a pair of glaring eyes belonging to an angry Japanese girl.

"*What's up, three-arms?*" Monica smirked as she held out the severed hand for the red demon to see.

*****

Yuhgu staggered to his feet while gasping in pain. He lifted his hand and felt the part of his chest that the damage was dealt. He was shocked at the power his target possessed and he felt as though he had been tricked. Before he could even react, Rush managed to land a double palm-strike in desperation. The orange demon angrily clenched his trench coat and ripped it from his body. It was time to get serious.

"Payback time!" Rock shouted as he slammed his right fist into the demon's cheek. Yuhgu's face snapped to the side and he was sent flying through the air and into a brick wall across the street. The wall crumbled and he found himself buried underneath the pile of bricks.

"Impossible," Yuhgu growled as he rose out of the pile of bricks with hatred in his eyes. He stumbled out of the pile of bricks as he attempted to recover his senses. His two tails swished angrily against the concrete pavement below.

"Eh?" Rush blinked as he scratched his head in confusion at the scene before him. He didn't expect his palm-strike to be so effective against a large demon like Yuhgu. He also didn't expect for his new friend to possess the kind of monstrous strength he just displayed.

"Heh... time to kick it up a notch," Rock grinned devilishly as he cracked his knuckles one at a time.

*****

I see the other side has resorted to summoning demons; Sera smirked as she took a sip of V8. As she watched the battle before her, her pupils thinned and became vertical slits. Moto-chan and Tiny Tim against the Red Giant at school. Berserker Boy and Angry Kid against Tails on steroids on the streets. Then there's the Hyperactive Dog-man against the Blue Krueger-look-alike at the mall. Hmm... and so it begins... 












 
  Jim
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  3
  2007-06-05T15:05:00Z
  2007-06-05T15:05:00Z
  9
  3389
  19323
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  161
  45
  22667
  12.00
 




 
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin-top:0in;
	mso-para-margin-right:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:10.0pt;
	mso-para-margin-left:0in;
	line-height:115%;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:11.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";
	mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin;
	mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin;}


 

 
  
 






Daytime...

&nbsp;

[i]Gong[/i]

&nbsp;

[i]Why did you
come back?[/i] Mr. Smith mentally asked
as he looked at the carnage before him.
Unlike the other bystanders, his eyes were not filled with shock and/or
fear. He was simply observing, with
watchful eyes, the one responsible for the one-second slaughter that took place
only moments ago. [i]Why did you come
back here, Sera?[/i]

&nbsp;

&quot;Hmph,&quot;
Sera smirked as she stood up from the patio table, which was one of many tables
on the large balcony at the mall. She
finished her V8 drink before she began to walk away from the scene. Trent, Rock, Monica, Tim, and
Thirteen/Leafy/Rush all stared at the blonde demoness with an array of
different expressions.

&nbsp;

The blonde
demoness walked over the body of Koougu, the blue demon. A bloody trail of footprints followed
her. The corpse of the blue demon... was
headless. The head was nowhere to be
found... because it exploded.

&nbsp;

Title: WTF High's
School Defense Force - Lesson V

Class: 4D

Room: 104

[i]As deadly as a
serpent and as cunning as a vixen, she's the Snake King and Mistress of
Illusions' child. Don't fall for her
traps... too late. :p[/i]

&nbsp;

Night...

&nbsp;

[i]Gong![/i]

&nbsp;

The clock that
stood in the middle of the school yard could be heard throughout the
building. The gentle ruffles of the
dried yellow grass were interrupted by the tolls of the iron ring clock.

&nbsp;

[i]Gong![/i]

&nbsp;

The sound rang
through the eerily silent halls, shaking the dark atmosphere left by the
night. Not even the moon was out to
guide one's heart from the shadows with its borrowed light.

&nbsp;

[i]Gong![/i]

&nbsp;

From every window
the iron clock could be seen clearly even with the blinding cold blanket
enveloping it. It was built based on a
design created by four University students decades ago in 2003. The school's clock was actually three rings
standing straight up. The two smaller
ones were right next to each other and they were within and perpendicular to
the largest ring. Engraved in the outer
shell and hanging from the inner part of the middle-sized ring were the hours
while for the smallest it was the minutes.
The largest of the rings also had the hours hanging from the inner part,
but there were 12 square holes where the hours should be in its outer shell.

&nbsp;

&quot;Interesting
how the largest ring appears to be moving on its own without any need for a
motor,&quot; Sera remarked as she looked out the window of one of the
classrooms. Her pale soft skin and
beastly yellow eyes were hard to ignore even in the darkness. She chose to wear a pink tank top over a pair
of legless jean shorts, which were cut to resemble a V-shape. Black boots with straps encircled her tender
feet. Her two braided sideburns framed
her face along with her sharp and wisdom-filled eyes. &quot;Of course, everyone here knows how it
really works. Well... most of them,
anyway.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;You look
the same as you did six years ago,&quot; Mr. Smith ignored Sera's remark as he
sat on one of his students' desks. He
had his arms crossed and his watchful eyes stayed upon the blonde mystery
before him as if he expected something abnormal to happen. Instead of his usual formal attire, he wore a
grey shirt, black jeans, and running shoes.
&quot;Why did you come back here?
As a student, no less.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Did you
know that human beings evolved from pack hunters?&quot; Sera asked as she
pressed the tips of two of her fingers up against the window. While she barely touched the glass, she
gently allowed her fingers to trail down it.
From her perspective, her fingers were directly over the school's iron
ring clock. &quot;Just like wolves, they
would work-&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Just answer
my question!&quot; Mr. Smith growled angrily as he grabbed Sera by the wrist
and glared directly into her eyes. He
wasn't surprised when he was met by indifferent eyes, as though his recent
action had no meaning. &quot;Why did you
come back here as a student even though you already graduated six years
ago?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Is there a
reason I can't?&quot; Sera smirked as her eyes turned predatory. Her pupils became vertical slits and her iris
started glowing a healthy yellow. She
lifted her left hand and pressed it up against her teacher's forehead. Mr. Smith's grip on the demoness' wrist
loosened and his eyes glazed over.
&quot;Besides, didn't you fall for the me from six years ago?&quot;

&nbsp;

*****

&nbsp;

Daytime...

&nbsp;

&quot;Damn it...
why won't this guy stay down?&quot; Rock growled as he glared at the orange
demon before him. He searched through
his pockets and pulled out a red coin the size of a quarter. &quot;Time to bring out the big guns.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Um...
what?&quot; Rush blinked, wondering what his friend was up to. At this point, he wondered why no one passed
by and witnessed this event. Surely all
the damage to public property so far would had aroused [i]some[/i] suspicion or
curiosity. He also wondered why he
wasn't running for a payphone and calling the cops. Those thoughts dashed away from his head when
he noticed the coin Rock was holding bursted into flames.

&nbsp;

&quot;Scar! Horn!
Help me out!&quot; Rock shouted as he threw the coin against the
ground. All of a sudden, two red-skinned
imps appeared where the coin made contact with the asphalt. They were both only one foot tall and had
stick-like arms and legs. One of them
had a scar on his face while the other had a unicorn-like horn. It was quite obvious which was Scar and which
was Horn. &quot;You ready to fight this
guy?

&nbsp;

&quot;Remember
the payment. I want some burgers after
this, got that?&quot; Horn smirked as he
gave his employer a thumbs-up sign.

&nbsp;

&quot;Make me
some pancakes and the next fight's free,&quot; Scar added as he crossed his
arms while grinning devilishly.

&nbsp;

&quot;Uh...&quot;
Rush blinked yet again as he stared at the strange imp-like creatures that Rock
had apparently... summoned.

&nbsp;

&quot;A
summoner... I'm not impressed,&quot; Yuhgu, the orange demon commented. &quot;Two weaklings. That's all you can summon? At least bring out something with claws or
fangs.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Shut the
hell up,&quot; Rock growled as he and his two imps rushed forth to attack
Yuhgu. At first it looked like they were
just going to gang-up on the large demon.
However, Scar started spitting out multiple fireballs while Horn's...
horn sent out lightning bolts. Rock
dashed to attack while his opponent was distracted.

&nbsp;

&quot;Weaklings,&quot;
Yuhgu growled as one of his two tails took a swipe at a conveniently nearby
fire hydrant. As if the resulting stream
of water was an extension of his own body, he redirected the water from the
hydrant and smashed it against Rock's face.
Rock and his two imps were knocked back by the surprisingly powerful
blast and unlike last time, the young summoner wasn't getting back up. The orange demon crossed his arms and turned
his attention towards...

&nbsp;

[i]Wham![/i]

&nbsp;

All of a sudden,
a heel dropped from the sky and slammed right in between Yuhgu's two
horns! The heel belonged to Rush, who
decided to take the opportunity to attack.
However, Yuhgu was quick to recover from the surprise attack and tackled
his target into the ground. The orange
demon's forehead was bleeding heavily and he looked [i]very pissed off[/i].

&nbsp;

&quot;Bad move,
[i]Runt[/i]!&quot; Yuhgu growled
savagely as he brought a fist above his head.
As if it could read his mind, the water behind him rose up into the air,
ready to slam itself down upon Rush's face.
The orange demon glared at his target, forgetting that he was supposed
to bring the boy back alive. That was
before he caught sight of the youngster's eye.
That was when he knew what he was dealing with. With wide eyes, the demon jumped off his
victim and dashed away. &quot;Shit... a
berserker?&quot;

&nbsp;

*****

&nbsp;

&quot;He was easy
to beat,&quot; Monica noted as she stared at the butchered corpse of her fallen
enemy. She turned her attention to the
blood that stained her sword, wondering if the blood was red because the demon
was red. That didn't make any sense to
her, so she dropped that thought and turned towards her accomplice.

&nbsp;

&quot;Well... we
were in a narrow hallway fighting a giant target who was already disoriented
from losing one arm and one horn,&quot; Tim replied as he hid away his two
guns. &quot;It was also two against
one.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;But he is a
demon,&quot; Monica replied as she wiped away the blood on her sword with her
sleeve before sheathing it. She turned
towards the bound Ginger, and asked, &quot;What are we going to do with
her?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Don't know,
don't care,&quot; Tim said as he looked out the window towards the new
mall. &quot;Are there more or is that
all?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;I think I
sensed one more,&quot; Monica replied as she headed out the door. Before she left with Tim, she noticed Io
sitting down with her back against the wall and staring at Mianngu's corpse. &quot;Please look after Ginger for us,
Io. We will come back as soon as possible.&quot;

&nbsp;

*****

&nbsp;

&quot;That damn
bitch never said anything about a berserker,&quot; Yuhgu clenched his teeth and
growled under his breathe. He reassessed
his situation and decided to retreat for now even though he was technically winning. When he noticed Rush was getting back up, he
immediately panicked and doused himself with water. Once the water cleared, he was gone.

&nbsp;

&quot;We're
upping the price. We want lobster for
dinner,&quot; Horn grumbled as he picked himself up.

&nbsp;

&quot;Be sure to
have them ready by midnight,&quot; Scar added.
The two imps walked away, then vanished with a sudden flash of exploding
fire.

&nbsp;

&quot;Damn it,
did we lose?&quot; Rock growled as he got to his feet.

&nbsp;

&quot;At least
we're still alive,&quot; Rush replied.
Suddenly, he felt a painless jolt pass through his brain and his
attention turned towards the new mall.
He stared in that direction for a few seconds, then found himself
running towards it. &quot;Rock... I
think we should go this way.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Eh?&quot; Rock grumbled questioningly before following
his friend.

&nbsp;

*****

&nbsp;

Night...

&nbsp;

&quot;Such
naughty thoughts, Mr. Smith,&quot; Sera cooed as she pressed her head up
against the &quot;older&quot; man's chest.
A cheshire grin stretched across her face, &quot;Don't you want me like
this? This could be a teacher-student
scenario, like the kind you see in porn.
I've been a naughty girl, teacher.
Why don't do something about it?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Stop
it! Get out of my head!&quot; Mr. Smith shouted as he pushed the
&quot;younger&quot; girl away from him.
He was gasping for air as if he were forced underwater for the past few minutes. His hands were shaking and sweat was pouring
down from his face. However, he calmed
down when he saw the look on Sera's face.

&nbsp;

&quot;I'm
sorry... it's just that, I thought you wanted this, that's all,&quot; Sera
explained with a frightened look on her face.
She looked down at the floor, embarrassed and ashamed. She looked as though she was ready to
cry. &quot;I just thought...&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;I'm... I'm
sorry... for bursting out like that,&quot; Mr. Smith managed to apologize. He clasped his hands on Sera's shoulders as a
smile grew on his face. &quot;I just
thought you were up to your old tricks again, that's all.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Then... you
still find me attractive?&quot; Sera asked as she looked up into her teacher's
eyes. Her pupils returned to their
normal circular shape, which made her look... cute.

&nbsp;

&quot;I... I
mean...&quot; Mr. Smith stammered. He
silently thought to himself, [i]why am I falling for this all over again? Then again, maybe....[/i]

&nbsp;

*****

&nbsp;

Daytime...

&nbsp;

[i]Damn it...
what's with this guy?[/i] Koougu thought
to himself as he skidded backwards along the surface of the balcony. He dug his claws deep into the floor in order
to stop himself. [i]He's almost as fast
as me![/i]

&nbsp;

&quot;Hmm...
Capoeira, huh?&quot; Sera smirked as she
watched the battle before her unfold.
&quot;It's somehow... fitting.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Heh,&quot;
Trent grinned as he faced his opponent with his strange daggers in his
hands. &quot;This is fun! Let's go again!&quot;

&nbsp;

[i]Seriously,
what's wrong with him? He's grinning
like a fool even though I almost killed him a few times,[/i] Koougu
scowled. Suddenly, his eyes went wide
when he realized that something about his opponent felt familiar. [i]Wait a minute... it can't be...[/i]

&nbsp;

&quot;One more
dance till Death's finale,&quot; Trent declared before rushing towards the blue
demon. &quot;Let's just finish this
already.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;F-Fenrir?&quot;
Koougu gasped in shock.

&nbsp;

*****

&nbsp;

&quot;They're
just the same as I remember them,&quot; Mr. Smith remarked as he slid his hands
over Sera's tank top. The straps were
slid off and the tank top was pushed down so that the predatory girl's luscious
breasts were put on full display. They
were like twin moons, hanging there where they could easily be seen, yet
seemingly out of reach. However, unlike
the moon, the teacher could easily touch them... grope them... and cherish
them.

&nbsp;

&quot;Your hands
are as strong as I remember them,&quot; Sera moaned with pleasure as she
propped herself up on one of the desks.
She wiggled her dangling feet around for a few seconds, then placed them
up against the small of her teacher's back.
The huntress ensnared her new prey with her legs and led him into her
tempting trap. She reached up with her
left hand and wrapped it around the back of the dazed man's neck. Her other hand reached down to unzip her jean
shorts. The zipper reached all the way
to her anus and she wasn't wearing any panties, so her pussy was already
exposed. &quot;I'm already wet with
anticipation, so just stick it in when you're ready.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;In that
case, I will,&quot; Mr. Smith replied as he stopped feeling up the blonde
girl's breasts. He unzipped his pants
and pulled out his cock, which was standing and throbbing at 6 inches in length
and 1 1/2 inches in width. He pressed
the head of his tool up against the demoness' entrance, pushing it in ease. For a moment, he wondered if perhaps Sera
wasn't as tight as she used to be. His
question was answered when the vaginal walls gripped his manhood like a
vice. His eyes widened at the strength
of this girl and a gasp escaped his throat.
&quot;You're... you're even tighter than before.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;I knew you
of all people could handle it,&quot; Sera snickered while she hung down from
her teacher's neck with her arms. With
her legs still around the 'older' man's waist, she began rotating her hips. She felt the man's arms wrap around her back
so that she wouldn't fall should she lose her strength. Although she did not feel it was necessary,
she was grateful for the sentiment.
&quot;Fuck me, teacher. Fuck me
like you used to.&quot;

&nbsp;

Mr. Smith
complied with the blonde girl by thrusting moving in conjunction with Sera's
rotations. He 'bounced' Sera up and down
so that his cock would thrust deep within her every time she came back
down. The position was somewhat awkward
and demanded enough strength from the man to support the weight of his partner,
but it was worth it. Sera moaned and
groaned with a lustful voice with each and every bounce on the cock. She pressed her face up against Mr. Smith's
chest and tightened the grip of her arms and legs on the 'older' man.

&nbsp;

&quot;Let's try
another position,&quot; Mr. Smith suggested as he gently laid the back of his
student on the desk. Since it was one of
the student's desks, there wasn't much room for Sera to put her head
against. Instead, the blonde girl
dangled her head off the edge of the desk and allowed her long hair to reach
the floor. She felt a pair of strong
hands on her ankles and figured her partner was going to fuck her like
that. She reached out and grabbed hold
of the legs of the desk so that she would not fall over, then braced herself
for the second round of this... reunion.

&nbsp;

&quot;Go at it
with full force. Don't worry, I can take
it,&quot; Sera smirked with a gleam in her eyes. She moved her head back down and waited. She tensed up her vaginal muscles as soon as
she felt her partner's manhood moving again.
The demoness' eyes were bright yellow and her pupils were turning back
into vertical slits. Since her head was
upside down and facing away from the teacher, Mr. Smith did not notice the
change.

&nbsp;

The 'older' man
pounded away at the tight pussy with every ounce of strength he could
muscle. He pulled on the ankles of his
lover with every intention of getting as much of his manhood inside as he
possibly could. Instead of Sera losing
her grip and slipping off, the desk started scraping against the floor and
moving with the two of them.

&nbsp;

&quot;Oh my...
oh...&quot; Sera moaned as she felt yet another orgasm approach. Her toes curled in the air and strained
against the hands that held her ankles in place. Mr. Smith had to use all the strength he
could muster in order to keep his 'student' in place. With the force at which they were going at,
it was surprising that the desk did not crumble against the weight of their
sexual atmosphere. The teacher squeezed
his eyes shut and felt his hot ooze squirt deep into the love canal of the
blonde before him.

&nbsp;

&quot;That was...
that was good...&quot; Mr. Smith gasped after he felt the last of his jizz
leave his manhood. He breathed heavily,
then opened his eyes. &quot;Was that
go... WHAT THE HELL?!&quot;

&nbsp;

Instead of Sera
lying down on the desk, the science lab's skeleton model was staring back at
him. The teacher stared at it with a
gapped mouth, trying to figure out what was going on. His cock hung in the air where the vagina was
supposed to be. His semen was splattered
all over the top of the desk.

&nbsp;

&quot;Bwahahahahahaha!!!&quot; Sera's laughter could be heard at the
entrance to the classroom. She stood
there, fully clothed, doubling over and laughing manically at her teacher's
bewildered face. She stopped her
laughing just long enough to wipe a tear from her eye and said, &quot;Oh come
on, you know there are worse things I could had tricked you into fucking.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Damn you...
get over here!&quot; Mr. Smith shouted
angrily as he ran towards Sera while fumbling with his jeans at the same
time. He managed to tuck his manhood back
into his underwear, but fell over a chair.

&nbsp;

&quot;Oh my is
someone pissed. Are you going to spank
me, teacher?&quot; Sera laughed as she
turned around and pulled down her jean shorts.
With the shorts still down, she turned around and continued her taunts, &quot;Maybe
you want to spank me here instead? I've
been a very naughty girl, you know.&quot;

&nbsp;

With that the
blonde girl ran off down the school halls
Mr. Smith immediately chased after the taunting vixen with sheer rage in
his eyes. &quot;A spanking should be the
least of your worries when I'm through with you!&quot;

&nbsp;

*****

&nbsp;

Daytime...

&nbsp;

&quot;No... it's
not Fenrir. He's not powerful
enough,&quot; Koougu muttered to himself as he exchanged blows with his
opponent. He was having a hard time
keeping up with this maniac with knives.
There was no other way to describe the dog-man's reckless style of fast
and flexible knife-play than maniacal.
He knew it would take too long to defeat his enemy, so he focused his
attention on the blonde girl whom he was supposed to capture in the first
place. &quot;Hmph... if I hold her
hostage... alright, I'll try it.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Whoa...
what's going on?&quot; Rush asked as soon as he arrived at the scene. He made his way through the crowd of people,
curious as to what all the commotion was about.
Rock followed closely behind, asking his friend why they were here. They both noticed Tim and Monica in the crowd
as well. &quot;Hey, any idea what's
going on?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;No, need to
get closer to know,&quot; Tim replied.

&nbsp;

&quot;Hey... is
that Trent?&quot; Monica asked as she attempted to look over the heads of the
other spectators.

&nbsp;

&quot;Hmm? Is that a demon he's fighting against?&quot;
Rush asked as he crouched low and looked past the legs of the other spectators.

&nbsp;

&quot;Eh?&quot; Rock was distracted for a moment by the fact
that Monica was standing on Rush's back.

&nbsp;

&quot;Hey
guys!&quot; Trent waved to his friends
as soon as he noticed them in the crowd.

&nbsp;

&quot;You
idiot! Don't keep your eyes off the
enemy!&quot; Rock scowled.

&nbsp;

&quot;Alright! Now's my chance,&quot; Koougu chuckled as he
vanished into thin air.

&nbsp;

&quot;Huh?&quot; Trent turned his attention back on the blue
demon, but he was nowhere to be found.
He looked around until his eyes fell upon a blue streak falling towards
Sera. He tilted his head and watched the
demon descend upon the unsuspecting blonde who was still sitting there drinking
V8 juice.

&nbsp;

&quot;Heh... now
you're mine!&quot; Koougu cackled as he
showed off his razor-sharp claws.

&nbsp;

&quot;.....&quot;
Sera didn't even look at the demon. She
just raised her hand into the air, then squeezed it into a fist.

&nbsp;

Then his head
exploded.

&nbsp;

*****

&nbsp;

&quot;You're a
hundred years too early if you think you can fuck me now,&quot; Sera gasped as
she slumped against the wall of the school hallways. The demoness chuckled as she watched Mr.
Smith pass right by her, shouting curses and insults along the way. &quot;My parents are the Snake King and the
Mistress of Illusions, for god's sake.
You're much harder to trick than before, but you're still no match for
me. Now Berserker... there's a different
story.&quot;

&nbsp;

The blonde vixen
unzipped her jean shorts and pulled it down again. She took it off completely so that she would
have better access to her own pussy. Her
right fingers trailed down the front of her soft and supple body towards the
prize her teacher failed to get. Her
index finger brushed lightly against the hood that hid the small nub that was
her clitoris. Her middle finger went
ahead and slid along the moist opening of her vaginal lips. She continued stroking her womanhood until
her fingers were completely coated with her own juices.

&nbsp;

&quot;Mmm...&quot;
Sera moaned with pleasure as she masturbated in the halls of her school. She spread her legs as much as she could
until she was practically doing the splits.
With a look of satiation on her face, she brought her cum-coated fingers
up to her lips and licked them clean.
Her breathing was heavy and large amounts of sweat were rolling down her
face. &quot;This weekend... I can't
wait...&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;I found
you!&quot; Mr. Smith shouted as he
suddenly appeared right in front of the startled Sera.

&nbsp;

&quot;You really
are harder to fool,&quot; Sera chuckled nervously as she stared into the
glaring eyes of her teacher. She brought
her hand up and said, &quot;Ah well... I'll just put you to sleep for
now.&quot;

&nbsp;

****

&nbsp;

&quot;Wha...
wha... what...&quot; Rush and Rock stared at the headless body of the blue
demon with astonished looks on their faces.

&nbsp;

&quot;Amazing...&quot;
Monica managed to gasp out. Her eyes
turned towards the one responsible for the carnage. A mixture of admiration, fear, confusion, and
other emotions rushed through her mind all at once. She was unable to say anything at all. She could only remember what the demoness
told her that fateful night...

&nbsp;

[i]You have a lot
of untapped potential in both fighting and sex, Moto-chan.[/i]

&nbsp;

Sera's demonic
eyes met Motoko's spirited eyes.

&nbsp;

[i]If you're
interested in getting stronger, pay me a visit some time this week.[/i]

&nbsp;

&quot;Uh...
Monica? Could you get off my back
now?&quot; Rush asked as a drop of sweat rolled down his temple.















 
  Jim
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  2
  2007-07-05T14:03:00Z
  2007-07-05T14:03:00Z
  15
  5968
  34020
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  283
  79
  39909
  12.00
 




 
  false
  
  
  6 pt
  6 pt
  0
  3
  
  false
  false
  false
  false
  
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin-top:0in;
	mso-para-margin-right:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:10.0pt;
	mso-para-margin-left:0in;
	line-height:115%;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:11.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";
	mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin;
	mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin;}


 

 
  
 






There's a theory about the
origin of live that goes along the lines of water being the source of all life.
The primordial sea is a term applied to the oceans of the earth at an early
time in history. Of course... even today water still represents the source and
origin of all life. Around 80% of the human body is made up of water. Before a
baby is born, they live in the sea residing in their mothers called the uterus.
In a sense... the primordial soup still exists and it connects all life on
earth.

A young man of high school age found himself floating naked in the ocean
towards the darkness above him. It was hard to say that he was sinking since
there was no guarantee that the direction he was headed was the bottom. There
was enough light to see himself, but there was also no way to tell where the
light was coming from. It was also hard to tell if he was right side up or
upside down. The young man also had the feeling that there wasn't even a
surface to head towards... not that it mattered since he didn't think he could
make it in time anyway.

The strangeness of the water around him could be felt by every inch of his
skin. He felt was though he had no control over his actions for the
atmosphere's thickness was too suffocating for him to move. It didn't really
matter though since it looked as though every direction was the same. Every
direction led to darkness, which made him wonder if the source of the light was
closer than he thought. He wasn't sure how long he was able to hold out until
he drowned in this strange sea of mysterious light and darkness.

&quot;Hello little one, is this your first visit?&quot; A voice called
out to him from behind. The young man opened his eyes, but was unable to turn
around to face the owner of such a beautiful and tantalizing voice. He felt a
pair of slender arms wrap around his waist and a presence behind him that drove
away the suffocating atmosphere. Even though he had only been alone in this
place for thirty seconds, it felt like it had been thirty years since he felt
the warmth of another human being.

The goddess behind him pressed her body up against the back of the confused
young man. The woman was also clearly naked as could be felt by the breasts
that rubbed against the young man's naked back. She pressed her forehead
against the nape of the guy's neck so that she could not be seen if he suddenly
turned around. They stayed like that for quite a while... floating in the
darkness together. Both of them kept silent, waiting for the other to break the
ice.

&quot;Are you... a goddess?&quot; The young man asked as he attempted to see
the face of his saviour. He wanted to see the face of the woman he was sure was
more beautiful than anything or anyone in the entire world.

&quot;You're human... yet you're here... where I'm weakest,&quot; The
goddess said. She released the young man and allowed him to turn around. &quot;This
is a place of rebirth and revitalization. Is that why you're here?&quot;

&quot;I... don't know why I'm here,&quot; the young man replied as he turned
around. Finally, he was allowed to see the face of the woman who saved him.
&quot;But I'm happy to have met you-&quot;

BBBRRRRRIIIIIIIINNNNNNNNNNN!!!

&quot;Huh?&quot; The young man woke up to the sound of an alarm clock going
off. He hit the snooze button and attempted to go back to sleep again.
Unfortunately, he was unable to go back to the dream with the naked goddess
floating in the ocean. &quot;Why did I even set the alarm clock? It's the
weekend...&quot;

Clack... the sound of pebbles hitting his window gave him a reason to
get up.

&quot;What now?&quot; He muttered as he climbed out of bed and went towards the
window. He opened it up and looked outside.

&quot;Wow... you have bad bed hair. It is all spiky and stuff,&quot; Monica
remarked as she stared up at the person she woke up. &quot;Oh! That can be your
new nickname! Spike!&quot;

&quot;Wait... you mean I have to put up with nicknames even on the
weekends?&quot; Spike grumbled as he slammed his window shut. He turned around
and went back to bed, only to have more pebbles hit his window. He sighed and
went back to his window to see what his friend wanted. &quot;Are you going to
keep throwing pebbles at my window until I agree to help find Sera's house with
you?&quot;

&quot;Of course,&quot; Monica smiled slyly with her hands tucked behind her
back and her eyes staring innocently into Spike's.

&quot;... fine,&quot; Spike grumbled.

BBBRRRRRIIIIIIIINNNNNNNNNNN!!!

&quot;Oh right... I hit the snooze,&quot; Spike grumbled again as he stared at
his alarm clock.

&quot;Hmm?&quot; Monica tilted her head, then became startled when an alarm
clock flew out the window and into her hands. &quot;Huh...?&quot;

Title: WTF High's School Defense Force - Lesson VI
Class: 4D
Room: 104
Let's go to the house of the demoness who not only hypnotize and enslaves
people but can also decapitate other demons without even trying!

&quot;So... we're trying to find Sera's house, huh?&quot; Spike asked as he
wandered the streets alongside Monica. Today he chose to wear a black hoodie
with blue jeans and running shoes. He also carried an umbrella even though the
skies were clear.

&quot;Yes,&quot; Monica replied without looking in her companion's direction.
Today she chose to wear a white cardigan sweater over a black tube top and
black cargo pants. She also carried the shinken sword she used against Sera
after the first day of school.

&quot;Any chance you'll tell me why?&quot; Spike asked again.

&quot;Nope,&quot; Monica replied.

&quot;How bout why Trent's coming along, then?&quot; Spike asked as he turned
towards his other companion.

&quot;Oh, c'mon! Three's a crowd, right? Crowds are fun!&quot; Trent laughed
cheerfully. He was still wearing the same kind of clothes he had been for the
past six days. In fact, Spike was positive it was the exact same clothes for
the past six days.

&quot;Monica?&quot; Spike turned back towards Monica again.

&quot;No idea,&quot; Monica replied. &quot;What is the problem with him coming
along? He is your friend, right?&quot;

&quot;Hey, triple C stands for coca-cola classic, right? Who do you think
thought that up?&quot; Trent asked.

&quot;Really? First I've heard of it,&quot; Spike replied. &quot;Wait... did I
use that acronym before? Hmm... never mind.&quot;

&quot;I heard it was coined two years ago by a hobo who claimed to be a
doctor,&quot; Monica said as she twirled her finger in the air. &quot;He also
mentioned something about subliminal messages in Nike ads.&quot;

&quot;I heard it was started three years ago by a hippie who stutters and could
only read the first letter of each word,&quot; Trent replied.

&quot;Man... now I'm thirsty,&quot; Spike muttered. He pointed towards Monica's
sword and asked, &quot;Is it okay for you to be carrying that around?&quot;

&quot;Why not?&quot; Monica asked.

&quot;Wel-&quot;

&quot;Look! A squirrel!&quot; Trent exclaimed as he pointed towards a passing
grey squirrel. He immediately changed into a dog, shook off his clothes, and
ran after the squirrel.

&quot;Wha-Wait, did he just turn into a dog?&quot; Spike sputtered with wide
open eyes.

&quot;I thought you two were friends,&quot; Monica replied as though
anthropomorphic animals were completely natural. &quot;I am surprised he did
not show it off to you sooner.&quot;

&quot;The squirrel ran down a hole,&quot; Trent grumbled as he changed back
into his human form. Of course, he was completely naked at this point.

&quot;Yet... somehow... it all makes a strange sort of sense,&quot; Spike
muttered to himself.

*****

The Tim stood in front of his apartment building. A fifty storey building
housing over five thousand different people. It was timber-red in colour with
greyish balconies and black frames around the windows and doors. He looked up
at the top of the building where he was sure his room was in.

The elevator ride up was mostly eventless save for a couple kids rushing in on
the third floor. They pressed all the buttons leading to all floors, making the
trip up even slower. Tim left the elevator and took the second one up.

The music was boring, too.

*****

Room 5011 was a single room with a closet, open-space kitchen, and a bathroom.
There was also a television set, a coffee table, and a bed in the room. Since
it was such a small place, on a lightless floor, and was so high up, the rent
was pretty cheap. Standing in the kitchen and looking over a pot of boiling
soup was a nineteen year old teenaged girl with mid-back length light brown
hair and grassy dark green eyes. The brown haired girl had well-tanned skin and
a small frame, which she wore only an apron over. Besides the apron, she was
not wearing anything else.

Eria remembered how the apartment looked when she first came here. The lights
were always out and there was usually nothing in the fridge save more maybe an
expired carton of milk or rotten cabbages. The cupboards were empty and the
only thing out was a pot and pan, which were rarely ever used. However, things
changed ever since Tim decided to go back to school. No... that wasn't right...
the changes began after he came home with injuries that took a month to heal.
It didn't really matter to Eria, though, as long as the future continued to
look bright for the two of them.

&quot;Looking good there, little girl. Waiting for your hubby to come
home?&quot; Sera's voice came from behind as a pair of nimble hands snaked out
and grabbed the startled girl's B-cup breasts. With cunning skill the deadly
demoness groped Eria's two breasts behind the thin material of the apron. She
sought out the hidden nipples with mischievous fox-like eyes and a malicious
serpentine grin. Once she did, she just couldn't help giggling into her prey's
ear, &quot;What's this? Pierced nipples? How kinky of you. I couldn't had known
just by looking at your face.&quot;

Who are you and how did you get in here? Eria tried to bring herself to
say those words, but they just wouldn't come out. Her breathing became too
heavy and her blood boiling too hot for her to kick this strange intruder out
of her home. She found herself unable to concentrate anymore and fell under the
spell of the demoness' hands. Her face was flushed and she was already aroused
from wearing only an apron, waiting for Tim to come home. Come on... what's
wrong with you? This isn't the time... please... just... why...?

Simply put, you can't because I won't let you, Sera smirked into the
weakened girl's mind. She pulled the semi-naked girl away from the boiling pot
of soup and turned of the stove. After all, she didn't want any accidents to
happen. She wrapped an arm around Eria's waist and brought her free hand up
against the girl's cheek. At this point, the brown-haired girl was barely able
to stand. Don't worry, I'm not here to hurt you. I only came here to talk to
Tim, classmate to classmate. Since he's not here right not, why don't the two
of us have a little bit of fun while we wait?

*****

&quot;I take it you're used to seeing weird things?&quot; Spike asked.
&quot;After all, you didn't seem freaked out when Trent transformed.&quot;

&quot;I had seen weirder, like three headed monkeys,&quot; Monica replied with
a shrug. &quot;I am a *demon hunter*, after all.&quot;

&quot;You're a demon hunter?&quot; Spike blinked.

&quot;You do not know anything, do you?&quot; Monica gave her classmate a
skeptical look. It was then she picked up something else from what Spike said.
&quot;Wait... *do you know Japanese*?&quot;

&quot;Uh... a little,&quot; Spike replied with a nervous chuckle. Can't tell
her I learned it from fansubbing Hentai.

&quot;Huh... then-&quot; Monica began.

&quot;Three headed monkey!&quot; Trent exclaimed as he pointed towards a lawn
ornament of a three headed monkey. Hiding behind the lawn ornament was the grey
squirrel from before. The rodent took off as fast as he could down the street.

&quot;Anyway, if we do not find Sera's house, what do you feel like
doing?&quot; Monica asked.

&quot;I feel like following that squirrel,&quot; Spike replied as he started
following the grey squirrel.

&quot;Squirrel?&quot; Trent's attention turned back towards the grey squirrel
and began chasing after it.

&quot;Hold it... let us just follow quietly this time,&quot; Monica said as she
pulled the blonde dog-man back by the hair. She studied her less hyper
classmate and thought, Is this what Sera was talking about?

(&quot;This part sucks,&quot; Trent muttered. &quot;I thought it was supposed
to be funny.&quot;

&quot;The previous and next parts involve a girl seducing another girl,&quot;
Spike replied. &quot;Who really cares whether this small part is funny or
not?&quot;

&quot;By the way, it turns out strawberry blonde means orange,&quot; Monica
added. &quot;Therefore, from now on Sera's hair is golden blonde. She is a
demoness, so it is possible for her to change hair colours anyway.&quot;

&quot;Sera's hair was always golden blonde,&quot; Spike replied with a quirked
eyebrow.

&quot;Then whose hair was strawberry blonde?&quot; Monica asked.

&quot;Uh...&quot; Neither Spike nor Trent knew as well.)

*****

&quot;So your name's Eria and you were a slave for six years? You were given as
to Tim by your previous owner as payment,&quot; Sera smirked devilishly as she
pinned her prey down on the bed. She was wearing a green sweater along with a
pair of bicycle shorts and running shoes. The sweater was baggy and made it
very obvious that she was not wearing anything else underneath. Her knees were
on either side of the semi-conscious girl's hips while her hands gripped
tightly against the wrists. With the blonde's abnormal strength, the nineteen
year old would not had been able to get free even if she were fully conscious.
&quot;Both of your parents are wanted criminals, so you can't even go to the
proper authorities. In other words, your life is entirely in the palm of
Gunslinger Boy's hand. In short, you're his sex slave.&quot;

&quot;Stop... p-please... how... how d-do you know... all th-this...?&quot;
Eria asked in a frightened voice as she tried to escape her captive's grasp.
Her apron was on the kitchen floor where Sera left it, meaning that the light
brown-haired girl was completely exposed to the blonde's lustful eyes. Her
pierced nipples jutted up and outward from her round B-cup breasts. Recovering
a bit from her dizziness from earlier, she said, &quot;Ah... as you said, T-Tim
is m-my m-master. O-Once he gets b-back, y-you'll b-be sorry.&quot;

&quot;Shush, little girl. I won't hurt you if you give me no reason to,&quot;
Sera said as she pressed the tip of her finger against Eria's lips. She let go
of the other girl's other wrist and sat straight up. She pressed the tips of
her fingers together before stretching them out and away from each other. At
the same time, scarves came out of her sleeves and starting moving around on
their own as though they were dancing in the air. Eventually, they wound
themselves around Eria's wrists and ankles, then stayed floating in the air.
Sera got off the confused and frightened girl and stood beside the bed to
conduct the last of the preparations. &quot;Don't worry, it'll be uncomfortable
at first, but you'll soon learn to love it once I'm through with you.&quot;

With that said, the scarves lifted themselves until Eria was practically
floating a foot off the bed. Her ankles were lifted high above her head and
spread as far apart as was physically allowed. More scarves wrapped themselves
around the captured girl's knees so that they were able to bend. In that
position, both pussy and ass were exposed and easily accessible to the blonde
demoness.

&quot;Now... what to do next...&quot; Sera tapped her chin thoughtfully as she
looked around at her options in the apartment. Her yellow predatory eyes fell
upon the handle of a gun that was sticking out from underneath one of the
pillows. Interested, she reached in and pulled the gun out, examining it with
sadistic eyes. She licked her lips and rubbed the weapon against her cheek as
though it were a stuffed animal. &quot;Hmm, the newest Glock model, I see. It's
fully loaded, too. Does your master not care about gun safety? Well, at least
the safety lock's on. Oh... now it's not.&quot;

The blonde aimed at invisible targets around the room, enjoying the look on the
slave girl's face at the same time. Finally, she pressed the end of the gun
barrel against the opening of the bound girl's pussy. At this point, Eria was
too scared to even move a single muscle. Her heart was beating so loudly that
she was sure Sera could hear it. Well... Sera could hear the beating heart, but
only because she had superhuman hearing.

&quot;Tell me, have you ever been fucked by a gun before? Don't worry about
answering that. I can just search your mind for the answers,&quot; Sera
explained as she pushed the gun in until the barrel made its way inside the
girl's moist pussy. The sound of squishing echoed throughout the room as she
continued gun-fucking (is that even a word? o_O&quot;) Eria until the first
signs of an orgasm reached her ears. She leaned her head in and flicked her
tongue against the dark star under the pussy. The snake-like tongue danced
along the opening, causing more quivers of fear and pleasure in the bound
girl's body. Once her tongue invaded the slave girl's backdoor, she felt the
slave girl come for the first time that day. &quot;Oh my, there's so much juice
coming out of you. Tim's a lucky boy to have such a wet and willing girl like
you for a slave.&quot;

By reading Eria's mind, Sera learned that the bound slave girl had indeed been
'gun-fucked' before when she was fifteen. Six girls including Eria were lined
up and made to kneel down with their head against the floor and their hands
tied behind their backs. Six guys with shotguns came in and started fucking the
slave girls until they came several times. The girls were told that their
performance was a bit... lacking lately. However, there was one among them who
did so bad that she was going to die. They would not find out who was to die
until the shotguns were fired all at once. Of course, Eria did not die.
However, the memories of that day were still fresh in her mind since she had
to... clean up the mess.

&quot;.....&quot; Sera stopped her fucking long enough to allow her new toy to
come down from her high. Eria had a second orgasm and her pussy walls clenched
tightly against the barrel of the loaded gun. She momentarily wondered if
perhaps with the amount of juice she was producing the gun would malfunction,
but she remembered that the gun was a hundred times more durable than an AK-47.
Even after receiving two powerful orgasms, she could not help but stare at the
gun in her womanhood. Sera sighed and slowly and carefully pulled out the gun.

Bang!

Momentarily caught off guard, Sera looked up from the gun she had in Eria's
pussy and towards the front door. Standing there with a magnum in his hands was
none other than the former assassin, Tim Ying. A familiar scent caught the
demoness' attention and she turned back towards the light brown haired bound
girl. Out of shock and fear, Eria pissed all over herself and the bed below her
right before she rolled back her eyes and passed out.

&quot;Heh... was that a warning shot?&quot; Sera smirked as she pulled the
Glock gun fully out of Eria's pussy. She brought the barrel of the gun to her
lips and her tongue slid along, catching the sweet taste of the victim's juice.
With her other hand, she lifted and opened it, revealing a large bullet that
was still sizzling with smoke. &quot;No... you were aiming it at my head,
weren't you? Come now, boy. You didn't really think I was really going to kill
your little sweetie pie, did you?&quot;

&quot;.....&quot; Tim had never encountered someone who was able to stop
bullets with their bare hand save for his shihfu. He knew that he could not win
against such a powerful opponent and opted to listen to what this blonde girl
had to say. He cautiously lowered his weapon, eyeing the Glock that was in the
demoness' hand. &quot;Why are you here?&quot;

&quot;Why, to see you, of course,&quot; Sera chuckled as she lowered the
unconscious Eria down onto the bed. The Glock in her hand was placed on the
foot of the bed between the girl's open legs. Her scarves released their hold
and returned to their owner's sleeves. &quot;I came here to invite you to visit
my house this weekend. It concerns the demons who attacked... among other
things.&quot;

&quot;If I say no?&quot; Tim asked.

&quot;I'll come by on a regular basis, of course,&quot; Sera smirked as she
licked her lips seductively.

&quot;Fine,&quot; Tim replied. &quot;I'll see you tomorrow morning.&quot;

*****

Here I am, Tim thought to himself as he stood before the house he was
searching for. He looked down at the piece of paper with Sera's address and made
sure he was at the right place. He gave out a single sigh, then pocketed the
piece of paper before taking a step pass the outer fence.

The house was in an old neighbourhood, so its appearance and style did not seem
out of place at all. Two large trees on either side of the lawn hid most of the
house from view including most of the second floor windows. It was almost as
though they were planted specifically to make it hard to see in, but easy to
see out. A tire swing hung from the tree on the right and lilies lined the
front of the house. Stone steps led the way from the white wooden gate to the
red front door.

From the outside, it looked just like any old house you could find on the
street. However, Tim reasoned with himself that this house belonged to a
demoness. Simply put, he could not allow such a normal appearance throw him
off. After all, he dealt with plenty of dangerous people with seemingly normal
lives. He stepped onto the trail of stones and listened to the gate creak
eerily behind him.

Zip!

&quot;Hmm?&quot; Tim blinked when a squirrel suddenly flashed past his feet and
towards the tree with the tire swing. He watched the little rodent run into a
hole at the base of the tree.

Zip!

A couple seconds after the squirrel flashed by, Trent was scrambling after his
prey while on all fours. He sniffed around the tree in search of the hole his
target escaped through, but to no avail. Apparently, that escape route had
somehow disappeared like magic. How knew... perhaps it was magic at work.

&quot;Tim? What are you doing here?&quot; Spike asked as soon as he reached the
front gate of Sera's home. Monica was right behind him.

&quot;... was invited. You?&quot; Tim asked as soon as he noticed his
classmates.

&quot;Yeah, Sera invited us too,&quot; Spike replied as he and Monica went past
the wooden gate. &quot;Did you have to follow a squirrel to get here, by the
way?&quot;

&quot;.....&quot; Tim speechlessly took out the piece of paper with Sera's
address on it and showed it to his classmates. He tucked it back in and headed
for the front door with Spike and Monica following closely behind. Once he
reached the front door, he turned his attention back on Spike. &quot;By the
way, what's your name?&quot;

&quot;Eh? It's-&quot; Spike began.

&quot;Today it's Spike,&quot; Trent exclaimed as he joined his friends at the
front door. He gave up on finding the squirrel and opted to check out Sera's
house with everyone else. &quot;You know, cause of his bad bed hair?&quot;

&quot;Wait, how did you know about that?&quot; Spike asked, remembering that
Trent wasn't there when Monica woke him up by throwing pebbles at his window.

Ding dong!

&quot;So... uh... why do you thi-&quot; Spike began again.

The witch is dead,
which oh witch?
The wicked witch.

&quot;That song sounds vaguely familiar,&quot; Spike remarked.

&quot;The door's open,&quot; Tim noted after pushing the front door open with a
single finger. His eyes went towards the door frame. &quot;Doesn't look like it
uses a door knob, either.&quot;

&quot;So thieves can just come and go?&quot; Monica blinked. She immediately
realized her mistake. &quot;Oh... right. They would not make it out
alive.&quot;

&quot;Hey, where'd Trent go?&quot; Spike asked, suddenly realizing that the
hyperactive one wasn't around anymore. After a couple of seconds, he looked up
as well as Tim and Monica.

&quot;Cool! She's got a pool!&quot; Trent shouted from on top of the roof. In a
flash, he was gone from the other three's sight.

&quot;Wait a minute! Trent!&quot; Monica exclaimed as she retreated a few steps
to see if she could still catch sight of her furry friend.

&quot;Huh?&quot; Spike's attention turned towards the front door, which was
wide open at this point. For some reason, the inside of the house was covered
in darkness and invisible to anyone outside. Tim was also missing from where he
stood, which meant he had probably gone ahead inside. Shrugging his shoulders,
he went in as well.

&quot;*Huh?*&quot; Monica suddenly realized that she was the only one left in
the front yard. Muttering Japanese curse words under her breathe, she quickly
went through the front door after her two friends.

A few minutes later, a delivery boy riding a scooter from a local diner passed
by. He had approximately twelve servings worth of food with him, which meant
however ordered them probably had a lot of company or something. As he stopped
right in front of Sera's house, he muttered to himself, &quot;Let's see here...
1428 Elm Street...&quot;

Rock looked down at the piece of paper in front of him, then took out a pencil.
He wrote the answer on the crossword he was working on before putting it and
his pencil away. After that, he checked the address to Sera's house (which was
not 1428 Elm Street) before grabbing the twelve servings worth of food and
heading for the front door.

*****

Interesting... Tim thought to himself as soon as he walked through the
front door. His hands were already gripping tightly to the Glock guns hidden in
the depths of his two pockets. His eyes were sharp and his mind was quickly
processing the details of the current situation. He heard the door behind him
shut and when he turned around, the door was gone.

The room he was in was finely furnished with an earth green couch, a glass
coffee table, and a whole range of bookcases covering all of one wall. The
carpet was beige with floral patterns and the walls were painted with a light
purplish pink colour. On either side of the couch were more book shelves,
though these ones were the size of ordinary drawers. One top of each of these
was a blue vase with blue roses. On the coffee table was a glass vase with
white lilies.

Sitting cross-legged behind the coffee table was a familiar girl. She had hazel
almond-shaped eyes and wavy mahogany hair that reached down just a couple
inches past her shoulders. She had on a brown t-shirt, a blue miniskirt, and
wore a blue pendant around her neck. Her name was Rebecca, a girl from class
4-D. She held a deck of cards in her hand, which she placed on the coffee
table. &quot;Fancy meeting you here, Tim. How bout a game?&quot;

&quot;What game?&quot; Tim asked before sitting down across from Rebecca.

&quot;Strip poker,&quot; Rebecca replied with a mischievous smirk on her face.

*****

*What the... where the hell am I?* Monica thought to herself as she
stood in the middle of a dark room. Before she could react, the only source of
light from the open door behind her vanished. She whirled around and ran
towards the door, feeling for it with her hands. Unfortunately, all she felt
was solid wall. She placed her hand on the hilt of the sword and wondered if
she should try making a door.

Fwip!

A painful whistle pierced through the air and lashed out at the unsuspecting
sword girl. Fortunately for her, she was able to pick up the sound just in time
to avoid it before it hit her. With a flash of skill, she had her sword
unsheathed in no time at all. She immediately circled the room in search of the
source of the attack with nearly soundless feet and sharp ears.

She remembered training in complete darkness when she was fourteen years old.
She would be completely naked save for a blindfold and shackles that chained
her ankles to the floor. All she had to defend herself with was a shinai. Her
sensei would whip her from random directions at different parts of her body
unless she successfully defended herself from them. Unfortunately, her sensei's
footsteps were practically mute and the whistles of his whips were next to
impossible to pick up despite the speed and strength behind them.

The training exercise usually ended with her passing out from all the pain.
Whip marks lined her skin from head to toe, especially her breasts, ass, and
pussy. Monica distinctly remembered the hits to her nipples and her clitoris as
the most painful of them all. Thankfully, the skill behind the whippings were
beyond expert and left no permanent mark on her soft and supple skin. With an
unusually fast healing rate and a bucket full of iced salt water, it was as
though the training never happened.

There was a technique where if one moved fast enough, it appeared as though
there were many of them surrounding one's opponent. It was later that Monica
learned that her sensei was using that same technique in her training. It was
no wonder it felt as though the whips were coming from every direction around
her! However, like any fighter worth their salt, she adapted and improved
herself. Her first success at this training exercise was when she caught the
whip with her teeth just before it could hit her face. After that, it was as
though she developed a sixth sense for she was able to parry nearly all the
attacks that came at her while she was still blindfolded.

The whips that came at Monica now were miles behind the ones she had to deal
with. Compared to her sensei's training, dodging these attacks was like
avoiding an incoming truck going two miles per hour. In seconds she stood right
before her assailant with the tip of her shinken pressed against the throat.

*****

&quot;Eh?&quot; The first thing Spike saw as soon as he stepped through the
front door was the blonde demoness sitting at the dining room table, sipping
tea. He looked around in confusion and wondered how he got here so quickly. He
turned around and cautiously pushed open the door behind him. He wasn't
completely surprised when he saw the kitchen instead of the front yard. The
youngster turned his attention back on Sera. &quot;Um... hi?&quot;

&quot;Hello, Berserker... or should I call you Spike, instead?&quot; Sera asked
as she placed the cup of tea in her hands down on top of the table. She wore a
blue skirt and blouse with the top two buttons left undone. With graceful
hands, she poured her new guest a cup of tea and placed it front of him.
&quot;Please sit down and have some tea with me.&quot;

&quot;Um... sure, thanks,&quot; Spike replied as he took a seat across from his
blonde classmate. He stared at the tea in front of him for a couple of seconds,
then he picked it up and took a small sip. The scent of the tea rose up with
the steam that still visibly wafted up through the air. The tea itself was
still hot, but had cooled down enough to drink. The bitterness of the tea left
a sweet and pleasant aftertaste. He placed the tea back down on the table and
asked, &quot;So... uh... where're the others? Trent was on the roof, but I'm
pretty sure Tim and Monica came inside with me.&quot;

&quot;They'll be joining us real soon, don't worry,&quot; Sera replied as she
refilled her own cup. She placed her elbow on the table and her face against
her hand. She tilted her head and stared curiously at the young man across from
her. Behind her the backyard could had easily been seen if not for the thick
black curtains. &quot;Until they arrive, I thought perhaps we could talk a
bit.&quot;

&quot;What do you want to talk about?&quot; Spike asked nervously before taking
another sip of tea. If he was not quick to swallow it, he probably would had
spurted it out as soon as he felt something press against his groin. He simply
sat there frozen stiff with the cup still held in both hands as Sera started
massaging the bulge in his pants with her bare toes.

&quot;I'm sorry, but teasing's just in my nature,&quot; Sera giggled as she
withdrew her foot and crossed her legs. Spike was a little disappointed when he
felt the foot leave his crotch, but now he was able to visibly relax. Of
course, he was still hard from that little stunt and Sera could easily tell.
The blonde girl placed both elbows on the table and bridged her hands together
under her chin. &quot;All jokes aside, I'll be needing to let you in a little
on the stuff that's been going on. You'll need this knowledge if you're to
succeed in the trials that lay ahead.&quot;

&quot;Alright... I'm listening,&quot; Spike blinked in response with
uncertainty in his voice.

*****

&quot;A pool! It's a pool!&quot; Trent shouted excitedly as he stood on the
edge of the roof just above Sera's swimming pool. The pool looked as though it
was divided in half into two squares not by an invisible line, but by wooden
poles of various sizes sticking up from the bottom of the pool. The one square
section closer to the house was the swim-able area with a diving board and a
&quot;Tarzan&quot; rope. The rope was attached to a tree that was right next to
the pool. The square section further from the house was the one with wooden
poles, though its purpose was unknown to the dog-man at the moment... not that
it mattered to him.

Whap!

Trent was just about to jump into the pool when he was knocked forward by a
small object hitting him in the back of the head. He immediately recovered
himself by catching and swinging along the edge of the balcony that was
conveniently right underneath him. He held onto the edge with one hand while
still upside down before gently lowering his feet onto it. Once he was safe
from the fall, he looked up and caught sight of what hit him in the back of the
head.

&quot;Ack! You're that squirrel I was chasing earlier!&quot; Trent exclaimed as
he pointed an accusing finger at his assailant. Sure enough, standing there
atop one of the wooden poles was the squirrel grinning maliciously at the teen.
However, one key difference about the squirrel was that it was wearing small
boxing gloves this time.

*****

&quot;Hello? Anyone home?&quot; Rock grumbled right after he went in through
the open front door. He rang the bell, of course, but no one answered so he
went inside. He was not about to let some bastard (or bitch) claim that he was
late and therefore declare the food as free, especially when there were twelve
servings worth of food.

The room he was in looked a whole lot like an attic than anything else, but
that couldn't be. He just came in through the front door. Speaking of the front
door, when he turned around he noticed that the door was gone. That was the
first of many signs that something was wrong, though he probably should had
counted the front door being open as the first sign. Ignoring his initial
mistake, he set the delivery down and explored the attic with interest in his
eyes.

There were stacks of boxes off to the side with labels like 'old clothes' or
'19th century books' on them. Animal heads and old paintings of various styles
lined the wall. There was even a pool table with all ten balls out as though
waiting for someone to play. What particularly caught the young mans interest,
however, was the gigantic suit of armour sitting there against the wall. It was
obvious why the suit of armour was sitting down instead of standing up: It was
just too big. The television-sized helmet was already almost touching the beam
of wood that would had been part of the ceiling if this wasn't the attic.

&quot;Whoever wore this must've been something else,&quot; Rock whistled as he
looked up into the visor of the gigantic helmet. He leaned forward and tapped
his knuckle lightly against the amour and listened to the soft hollow clangs.
Whoever wore this armour could easily be around fourteen or fifteen feet tall.
He withdrew his hand and decided to see if he could find a way out of the
attic. There didn't appear to be any stairs or doors leading outside. Maybe he
could climb out through the window.

Clink

Rock immediately turned around and came face to face with the giant armour.

*****

&quot;As you may have guessed by now, I'm actually a 712 year old
demoness,&quot; Sera explained while twirling her right braided sideburn.
&quot;My father is the king of snakes, meaning he's a snake demon. My mother is
a fox demon and there's none better at casting illusions than her. At least
none I know of, anyway.&quot;

&quot;You're actually 712?&quot; Spike asked as he quirked his eyebrow at this
new piece of information. &quot;So... your...&quot;

&quot;Of course, among demons 712 is still pretty young,&quot; Sera chuckled
before taking another sip of tea. &quot;I'd have to be at least a thousand to
be considered a full-grown adult. Then again, it's not like anything's holding
me back from being an adult among humans.&quot;

&quot;Mmph,&quot; Spike nodded his head as he took a sip at the same time.

&quot;Enough about that, though. Why don't we talk about something more
interesting,&quot; Sera grinned with a luscious look in her yellow predatory
eyes. She placed a hand on the table and leaned forward, allowing a scant view
of her cleavage. &quot;Care to know what I'd like to talk about?&quot;

&quot;Uh... wh-what?&quot; Spike stammered as he nervously leaned forward in
response.

&quot;Magic,&quot; Sera snickered.

I fell for it again, Spike's head hit the table.

&quot;Spike?&quot; Monica's voice suddenly asked from behind. Spike quickly
whirled around and saw the young sword girl come out from the kitchen door, though
he bet she didn't come out of the kitchen. Surprisingly, Monica had her sword
out and even more surprisingly she had it against the throat of Linda who was
in front of her.

&quot;I'm sorry, Mistress,&quot; Linda trembled in the presence of her owner.
Besides the leather collar around her neck and what appeared to be a chastity
belt with a whip attached to it, she was completely naked. &quot;She was too
fast for me. I failed, Mistress.&quot;

&quot;Nonsense, pet. I actually expected this kind of result,&quot; Sera smiled
sweetly at her slave. She turned her eyes on Monica as she addressed her,
&quot;Perhaps you could put that dangerous thing away now. It'd be bad if an avoidable
accident occurred, don't you think?&quot;

Monica stared back with spirited eyes, but she knew she could not afford to get
on the stronger girl's bad side now. With a sigh, she withdrew her blade and
sheathed it.

&quot;Mistress,&quot; Linda cried out before running over to kneel at her
Mistress' side. She rubbed her face affectionately against the blonde girl's
thigh.

&quot;You did good, pet,&quot; Sera cooed as she ran her hand through the slave
girl's hair. She grabbed hold of Linda's collar and directed her under the
table while uncrossing her legs. It was obvious what she wanted to happen. She
poured a third cup of tea and said, &quot;Now, why don't you take a seat,
Moto-chan? I'm sure we've a lot to talk about.&quot;

&quot;*Fine,*&quot; Monica/Motoko took a seat next to Spike, but did not touch
her tea. After a couple seconds she reasoned with herself that if Sera wanted
to try something on her, she would do so with something less subtle. With that
in mind, she accepted the cup of tea and drank it.

&quot;Good, now we can begin,&quot; Sera smirked as she stroked her pet's head.
&quot;I don't believe the other three will be along for a while, anyway. It's
just a hunch, though.&quot;

*****

&quot;Three aces,&quot; Tim called as he showed his hand. He crossed his arms
and waited to see what his opponent hand. Evidently, he was doing pretty well
what with not losing any clothes and all. His opponent on the other hand...

&quot;I... I...&quot; Rebecca stared at the three aces in disbelief. She wanted
to accuse the young man across from her of cheating, but she was the one who
dealt the cards throughout the entire game and the deck she used had a unique
design. All she had left on at this point was the blue g-string hiding her
moist and ready pussy. Now that she lost this hand, she had no choice but to
show her classmate her most private area.

&quot;If we're done here, then I'll be going,&quot; Tim announced as he started
to get up. He paused as soon as the g-string was thrown onto the coffee table
right in front of him.

&quot;We're not done yet,&quot; Rebecca declared as she started shuffling her
cards again. She proudly showed off her assets and did not do anything to hide
her pussy. It could be easily seen through the glass coffee table, which was
probably why they were playing on it. &quot;Instead of clothes, I'll be betting
some... favours. Of course, you can't really collect them until after the game,
but I promise I won't run away. You're still going to play, right?&quot;

&quot;.....&quot; Tim said nothing as he sat back down to resume the game.

*****

&quot;Collect four, I win,&quot; Rock declared as he dropped a black checker to
end the game. There was a whole stack of board games sitting right beside him.
He started shuffling through them one by one. &quot;That means I get to choose
the next game. Let's see... Guess Who... Memory... Monopoly... Jumanji...&quot;

&quot;.....&quot; The giant armour tilted his helmet-head while still holding a
red checker in his finger tips.












This document was generated by Trial version of ABC Amber Text Converter program
The students of class 4D:
-Sera Spykes
-Linda
-Io Ford
-Motoko 'Monica' Kurenai
-Ginger Sacher
-Lana Limestone
-Jennifer Reeves
-Candice Spiegelman
-Heather Kimbley
-Virginia Celeste
-Sandra
-Rebecca
-Jesse Cromberry
-Tiehhsin 'Timothy' Ying
-*****
-Trent Bloom
-Mike Angels
-Kenny
-Rock

"Why are there twice as many girls as there are guys?" Spike blinked as he stared at the names of the students introduced thus far. "And why is my name five asterisks? That better not be my next nickname."

"Hey, do cargo pants usually have zippers?" Monica asked as she looked down at her pants.

"I don't see why not. If they don't... cargo pants with zippers can be passed off as something new from the future," Spike replied. "It's easier than doing research, anyway."

Title: WTF High's School Defense Force - Lesson VII
Class: 4D
Room: 104
If you play "Strip War" and in the end your opponent still has all their clothes on, don't gamble... ever.

"What is energy?" Sera asked as she stared at Spike with predatory eyes.

"Energy... is... that... thing that makes... stuff work?" Spike scratched his head in response. "Do you mean just energy in general or..."

"Energy is all around us," Sera explained before taking another sip of her tea. From her posture and facial expression, the brief lesson on magic wasn't going to be very brief at all. "It's there when you run. It's there when you walk. It's there when you talk. It's there when you're squatting over a cute little Japanese high school student in the locker room and forcing her to cum on her own sword."

Monica immediately went red in the face as soon as she heard that last sentence.

"It's the potential for causing change. Without energy, no events are possible. If magic were to exist in any form, it would most likely exist in the form of energy," Sera continued as she stole a glance at Monica's blushing face. Her left hand reached down between her legs to give Linda a pat on the head as a reward for... servicing her. "This... energy used for magic... it can also be found everywhere, but the most likely place to find it is within the soul. Every human being has a soul and therefore the potential to cause change. In other words, the human body has the ability to contain the energy capable of creating magic. Are you two okay? You both seem... distracted."

"Um... well... it's just that," Spike was staring at the spot on the table where he was sure he'd see Linda if the table were transparent.

"Linda... is... under there... and..." Monica was also fumbling with her words in an embarrassed manner.

"Oh, I see. I apologize for my rudeness, then," Sera grinned in a playful manner before leaning down under the table. She whispered something into Linda's ear, patted her head, then returned from under the table. As though nothing special had happened, she continued, "For the sake of making things easier to understand, we'll divide magical energy into three categories: Spirit, bio, and mana."

Wham!

All of a sudden, Monica pushed against the table and slid her chair backwards away from it as much as possible. Right where her crotch was just a couple seconds ago as Linda's face, which had a shocked expression. It didn't take a detective to figure out what just happened.

"No need to be alarmed, Moto-chan," Sera licked her lips seductively. "I thought you wanted to know what Linda's oral skills were like, so I thought I'd share her with you."

"Well you thought wrong!" Monica snapped ferociously. If she could get any redder, her skin would match a tomato's.

"So you weren't envious of me... but of my pet?" Sera giggled into the back of her hand. She enjoyed tormenting the young Japanese sword-user. "The offer is still open, you know."

Monica didn't say anything as she silently pushed her chair back to the table and sat with her legs crossed. Linda withdrew her face and remained under the table as ordered by her mistress. Spike just sat there with a blank expression on his face as he attempted to make sense of what happened in the last fifteen seconds. He'd be lying if he said he wasn't turned on by what just happened.

"If there are no more interruptions, may we proceed, then?" Sera asked rhetorically. When no one answered, she continued, "The first type of energy we'll talk about is spirit energy, though it has many other names including chi. Chi is the spiritual energy that presides within the human body. It is the 'life force' that comes from the soul. There are many ways to utilize this energy and there is more than one way to control it. Most Chi-users forego the use of spells which I'll go into more detail about later on."

*****

"Three nines," Tim showed off his cards. Right next to his cards was a list of all the favours he won from his opponent. Since his opponent was out of clothes, they started betting something a tad different.

"How are you always winning?" Rebecca stared at the three nines before checking her own cards. Unfortunately for her, she only had three sixes. She folded her cards and took a deep breath. Her breasts and, thanks to the glass coffee table, her pussy were on full display. "Okay... fine... I quit. How much do I owe you?"

"It'll probably take you around two months to pay it all off," Tim replied as he looked over the list. He flipped over to the next page... then the next... then the next... then the next...

"You're the second person I've ever lost to," Rebecca seethed as she started picking up her clothes. Her eyes shifted towards the panties that were still on the coffee table and she reached out to pick it up... only to be blocked by a gloved hand.

"Did Sera beat you?" Tim asked as he slid his classmate's panties off the coffee table and onto the floor beside him. He looked sharply into Rebecca's eyes as though he could pierce through and peer into the girl's soul. Nearly nothing escaped his always observant eyes. Those two eyes of his were the key to his overwhelming victory and he was sure Sera had similar eyes as well.

"....." Rebecca glared back at the young man across the glass table. She tried to read the body language behind the one who beat her, but nothing gave her any information about his thoughts. How do you beat someone who acted like a robot in poker? Tim showed no facial expression and he didn't make any movements except what was necessary to play the game. The most disconcerting feature, though, were the eyes that acted like a pair of two-way mirrors. Even for someone like Rebecca, it was hard to remain calm while being watched by such eyes.

The characteristics that the young man displayed were born from years of practice and discipline under the tutelage of his Shihfu. Tim remembered one time when he was eight years old, he was given a sheet of paper that had questions like "time of death?", "cause of death?", and "victim's age?". He was locked inside a room with a dead corpse and was not let out until he answered all the questions on the sheet of paper. He remembered crying and begging to be let out of the room for hours as he pounded the door desperately, but it only worked the first few times.

"It's just a guess, but is it possible that because you lost to someone for the first time, you took the game to another level?" Tim asked as he watched Rebecca's face go red. The hazel-eyed girl remained seated on her side of the coffee table and placed her clothes back on the floor beside her. With her naked skin completely exposed, there was little to hide on not only the physical level, but on the emotional and mental level. The ex-assassin had no trouble picking up the scent of arousal that was seeping from Rebecca's wet slit. The near invisible trembling exposed the fear and shame that dominated the girl's body and mind. Suffice to say, Tim had this girl in the palm of his hand. "You seem proud of your poker skills. Was that why you had to beat Sera after you lost to her?"

"Unless you're going to collect, I have no reason to stay here," Rebecca ignored the questions that were directed at her for they seemed accurate to be mere guesses. She wanted to just put on her clothes and leave as quickly as possible, but she found it difficult to even touch the pile of clothes beside her. Sweat was pouring down her face and she remained frozen to the spot under the powerful gaze of the former killer. Seconds of silence passed between them until the poker girl broke down and spilled everything. "Before the first day of school, no one could beat me no matter what card game I played. Poker just happened to be my favourite and the game I'm best at. That's why... on the first day of school when Sera beat me, I wanted a rematch. It was all in good fun, but... Sera suggested we took the game up a notch by playing strip poker. It sounded interesting, so I agreed."

"I take it this took place somewhere private?" Tim asked.

"In my room with my deck. Once we started betting sexual favours, she took all of her clothes off to begin that part of the game on even grounds. Under such conditions, there was no way she could had cheated. I still lost, though," Rebecca answered with a sigh at her last sentence. "Before I knew it, I became her slave for the rest of the school year. However, she gave me the chance to shift all of my debts over to you with this poker game. I just didn't think there'd be two people who could beat me."

"I see... so that means you're a slave to two people. How does that work out?"

"Sera said that if I lost to you, you'd be allowed ownership of me first. Once you're done with me, I go back to Sera," Rebecca replied while keeping her eyes downcast.

"Is this her way of bribing me or something?" Tim muttered to himself as he stood up for the first time since the game ended. He took the list of favours he won and got ready to tear it in half.

"Wait! What're you doing?" Rebecca exclaimed as she immediately stood up to stop Tim from ripping the papers apart.

"I'm not interested in keeping another slave," Tim replied. "Sera can have you."

Another? Rebecca was shocked to hear that word. How many slaves did Tim have? The answer was one happy slave, but she didn't have to know that. She shook that thought out of her head and continued, "I don't want to owe you anything. I'll be your slave for two months as agreed."

"You just don't want to be Sera's slave, do you?" Tim asked bluntly.

"Uh... well... I'm... not a lesbian, so..." Rebecca stammered in reply.

"Then it really was pride that made you agree to play strip poker against Sera?"

"Wha... yes. Yes it was. So... it's better if you're my..."

"At this point, I don't care if it's better for you," Tim's authoritative aura intensified between them. His indifferent tone of voice and manner of speech were replaced by something much colder and more cruel. There was enough power behind his voice to bring even some of the most dangerous criminals to their knees. "You tried to make me Sera's slave, didn't you? Why should I delay the same fate for you? If you want to be my slave, then act like one."

Rebecca was taken aback by these words for she believed that any guy would jump at the chance to have her as a slave. Of course, she immediately realized that she wasn't dealing with just any guy at all. To her horror, she also realized that she was getting wet with excitement at the thought of submitting to this cold-natured young man. With her entire body exposed, she could do nothing to hide her arousal at all. Lowering her eyes, she got down on her knees and said, "Please let me be your slave."

*****

"Magical energy travels throughout the human body with the use of pathways, like bloodstreams and nerves. The pathways travel between several points called Chakra. The size and conductivity for magical energy for each pathway depends on the person and their Chakra. Pathways for magical energy throughout the body also lead to microscopic holes in the surface of the skin. This is where the energy leaves and how magic gets produced. With practice, it's possible to gain the ability to control these pathways and holes."

"Uh... right... that's how... energy becomes magic... right?" Spike managed to say while trying his best to ignore what was going on beside him.

"Umph... oh... you are good," Monica moaned as she slumped over the table, enjoying the waves of an approaching orgasm. She rocked her hips in rhythm with Linda's lickings and her right hand gripped the table cloth tightly between her fingers. In a poor attempt to stifle her moans, she tried biting her lower lip and pressing her mouth against the inside of her right elbow. Neither did anything to hide the obvious pleasure she was receiving from the slave girl under the table. Once her climax ended, she noticed Spike stealing glances at her. She whispered to her friend, "I already know about chi energy and heard this part a thousand times, okay? Plus I was curious."

"I didn't say anything," Spike whispered back quickly.

"You will not tell anyone, right?" Monica asked with a pleading look on her face.

"I didn't see anything," Spike replied. "But I'd be more worried about Sera. By the way... just saying you were caught by surprise again and didn't want her to stop sounds a tad better, you know."

"Oh really?"

"On second thought, that makes you sound weak. Boredom's better. Now what're you going to do about Sera?"

"I won't tell," Sera paused her lesson long enough to smile maliciously at Monica. "So long as you hold your end of the bargain."

"Bargain?" Spike looked between the blonde demoness and the Japanese sword girl.

"We made a sort of deal through telepathy, though I do not really know why it was through telepathy," Monica explained while her face was still as red as a tomato. She cautiously zipped up her zipper, hoping that the sound of her own voice would cover its sound. "Basically, I had to agree to help with the demonstrations."

"As I've already mentioned, energy travels through pathways and they tend to leak out of the microscopic holes in your skin. As a result, the energy that leaks out becomes the aura that surrounds your body. Every single living thing on this planet has an aura, but since they leak out in small amounts, they're invisible to the untrained eye," Sera continued explaining as she placed her hand on the table with her palm facing upwards. Almost immediately, her hands started glowing a deep emerald green. "Of course, if someone's good enough they can force out enough energy for normal people to see. Moto-chan, why don't you show us your aura as well?"

Monica simply nodded her head before closing her eyes in concentration. In a mere matter of seconds, her body was surrounded by a barely visible light blue hue. As soon as she opened her eyes, they started glowing as well. She placed her hand in the same way Sera did and moved all of the blue light so that it was surrounding only her hand. Both demoness and sword girl closed their hands at the same time, snuffing out the two lights.

"Within the human body there are several places to store energy called Chakra. It's debatable about how many there actually are, but we'll talk about the seven that are most common. Moto-chan? Time for another demonstration," Sera smirked as she suddenly grabbed Monica's still outstretched hand. Before Monica could say anything, she was... not pulled, but thrown onto the table and pinned down by a pair of very familiar scarves. Before Spike could get up, he found himself tied up by the same kind of scarves himself.

"Wait! What are you doing?!" Monica screamed as she tried to fight off the scarves, but could not find the strength. Her wrists were tied behind her back and her ankles were hung in mid-air. She was positioned so that she was sitting on the table, facing Spike, and had her back up against Sera's chest. "*Damn it! I knew it was a f***ing trap, but I just had tah walk right into it!*"

"Um... no... something tells me she's not going to hurt us," Spike said with an uncertain tone of voice.

"*And whad'dja base that on?*" Monica asked skeptically.

"Just a feeling," Spike replied meekly.

"Don't worry, I'll let you go just as soon as I finish talking about Chakras," Sera grinned mischievously as she placed a hand on top of the Japanese girl's head. She turned back towards the bound young man and said, "I'll let you go for now, but don't try anything."

"Sure... no problem," Spike chuckled nervously right before he was released from his binds. He wasn't about to mess with someone who could will someone's head to explode.

"Wait a minute... Chakras? As in... all of them?" Monica asked as she suddenly went pale. It was very noticeable because her face was red before it went white.

"Yes, all of them," Sera replied with a wide grin on her face as she silenced Monica by wrapping another scarf around her mouth. She tapped the top of the bound girl's head and said, "We'll start from the top and make our way down. It's usually bottom to top, but this way's more... fun."

"Uh... I see... Any chance we could finish this lesson without anyone getting naked?" Spike wasn't quite sure what answer he wanted, but he knew it didn't matter since he was asking a rhetorical question anyway.

"The top-most Chakra is called the Sahasrara or the Crown, which is located at the top of the head and possibly in the Pituitary Gland. It's related to space and thought and believed to be the connection to the divine," Sera explained before moving her hand down and placing her hand against Monica's forehead. "The one located in the Pineal Gland between the eyebrows is called the Ajna or Third Eye. It's related to time and light and connected to Intuition and Extra-Sensory Perception."

"Is that why...? Never mind."

"Moving along now," Sera said as she wrapped her fingers around the length of Monica's black hair with her right hand and pulled it, causing the sword girl's head to tilt all the way back. In a seductive manner, the blonde demoness licked her lips and placed her head right up against her captive's left cheek. Her left hand snaked around and made its way up to the base of the bound girl's throat. "The Visuddha or the Throat Chakra is located, of course, at the base of the throat where the Thyroid Gland is at. Its element is life and sound and it's connected to Speech and Self-Expression."

Monica was really freaking out at this point and it was evident why when Sera fingered the hem of the bound girl's black tube top. First, the cardigan sweater was moved so that it was bunched up around the wrists since it could not be removed due to the scarves being in the way. With the sweater out of the way, a lot more of the Japanese girl's pale soft skin was exposed for the viewing pleasure of Sera and Spike. All Sera had to do now was shift the tube top and Monica's breasts would be on full display.

"Wait. Wait... hold it," Spike cut in. "Just... don't?"

"Why? You can't tell me you're not interested in seeing what's underneath, can you?" Sera smirked.

"As much as I'd like to, I can't just let this happen... otherwise, I'm dead," Spike explained. "I don't know about you, but I'd rather not piss off a girl who can cut through concrete. That was really impressive, by the way. Didn't get the chance to tell you that when you did that."

"Mmph (Thanks)," Monica muffled through her gag. "Mm umph mmm mmph mm... (They found out about it, though, so I got in a lot of trouble for that)."

"Ooh... really? So who squealed?" Spike asked.

"Ahem!" Sera coughed to get the other two's attention. Before either of them could apologize or react, the blonde lifted the Japanese girl's tube top over the silky smooth breasts. She reached for the left breasts and commenced groping it before the usually inattentive teen's eyes. "The next Chakra is the Anahata or the Heart and Lung located in the centre of the chest where the Thymus is located. Its element is air and it's connected to Devotion, Love, Compassion, and Healing. Hmm... Moto-chan, did you grow a tad?"

"(*No I didn't! How much could they grow in just a few days, anyway?*)," Monica growled through the scarf. "(*Spike! Stop staring or else!*)."

"If you look away for even one second, I'll start dripping wax on these oh so lovable breasts," Sera smiled.

"....." Both Spike and Monica weren't sure what to say next. Spike was trying to figure out if it was worth it to look away on purpose just to see the candle-wax torture. Monica was pretty sure she could handle candle-wax torture, but wasn't sure if she could trust Spike not to watch while it happened.

"Now onto the next Chakra, which is located at the mouth of the stomach where the Pancreas and Adrenal Cortex are at," Sera released her hold on the Japanese girl's breasts and moved it down to the stomach. Her thumb was right on the solar plexus just below the ribcage. Monica's stomach was not only impressively flat, but was also as hard as rock. "This one's the Manipura or the Solar Plexus. Its element is fire and it's connected to Mental-Functioning, Power, Control, and Freedom to be Oneself."

"(*Let me go right now! Let me go! Let me go! Let me go!*)," Monica tried as hard as she could to get out of her bonds, but as usual... to no avail. Sera's scarves were just too strong for her to break free from.

"Hush now, Moto-chan. Fun's just getting started," Sera licked her lips and reached down between the Japanese girl's legs. She pulled down the zipper and pushed the pants past the knees. After that, the scarves went up higher which pulled the Monica's ankles higher up into the air so that her buttocks were on full display. If her black g-string wasn't in the way, her pussy would had also been displayed, though her wetness would not had been as obvious. The blonde demoness pressed her index and middle fingers up against the wet surface of the thin piece of cloth that was in the way of her... fun. "Look at how wet you are, Moto-chan. Was this from Linda's earlier licking from under the table? I told you she was good."

"*F***... you...*" Monica seethed through her gag. She somehow managed to make those two words coherent.

Black... g-string. For some reason, I pictured her as more of a white panties type of girl, Spike thought to himself. He couldn't look away now even if he wanted to. Maybe she normally wears white panties and had to wear a black g-string today because of laundry problems. Spike would never know just how accurate his guess really was.

"As lovely as your choice of lingerie is, they're in the way right now," Sera grinned as her left hand suddenly flashed down past Monica's left hip, stopping right above the table. The g-string was cut and easily removed from the bound girl, exposing the wet pussy for all to see. The blonde demoness took hold of the labia and pulled them apart. "The next Chakra is actually located in the ovaries... or the testes in men. This one's called the Svadhisthana or the Sacrum. Its element is water and connected to Emotion, Creativity, and of course Sexual Energy. Moto-chan's Svadhisthana looks pretty active and healthy to me. Don't you think so?"

Spike wisely chose not to say anything and simply continued staring at his friend's most private region being handled by the crafty blonde. Sera let go of the labia and sought out the clitoris instead. She gently trailed her fingernails along the clitoral hood and blew lightly on it. It was kind of fun for her to see the reaction she was causing in her captive.

"Last one before I can let you go," Sera smirked as her fingernails trailed downwards towards the anus. She stuck her thumb inside the wet pussy and just barely managed to get the tip of her middle finger inside the anus. "Muladhara or the Root Chakra is located right in the spot between the genitals and the anus. It's also linked to the Adrenal Medulla. Its element is earth and it's connected to Instinct, Survival, and Security. Thank you for your help, Moto-chan. You may come down now."

With that, Monica was lowered onto the table and released from her bonds. The first thing she did was pull up her pants and straightened up her tube top so that it was covering her breasts again. After that, she took her seat and pretended as though nothing happened. It was especially hard to do now that her panties were gone.

"Now we'll move right along to the second energy type: Bio," Sera continued.

*****

Whack!

"Nine! Thank you, Master! May I have another one, Master?" Rebecca shouted with both pain and pleasure in her voice. She was kneeling on the floor with her upper body pressed against the coffee table and her hands held behind her back. Her ass was red from the spanking she received right after she submitted to Tim.

Whack!

Tim finished off the ten spankings with his right hand as he knelt there with his left hand on his new slave's wrists. With the same hand he used to smack the girl's ass, he gently rubbed the spot he struck with tenderness and care. His fingers would also seek out the exposed pussy and run up and down the slit to feel how wet it had become. After the tenth strike of his firm hand, he found that Rebecca was practically leaking with juices.

"Ten! Thank you, Master! May I have another one, Masters?" Rebecca looked ready to sob at any moment and she probably would had if the spankings did not stop at ten. She looked up pleadingly at her new master, wondering if perhaps she made a mistake when she accepted Sera's offer after all.

"Get off the coffee table, face me, and stay on your knees," Tim commanded with the usual indifferent look on his face. He reached down and unzipped his fly before fishing for his manhood and pulling it out for Rebecca to see. He pressed it up against Rebecca's lips and said, "Suck it."

"Y-yes, Master," Rebecca wasn't about to argue. With eyes alone, she was under the heavy pressure of her classmate's authoritative figure. She reached out with her hands, but they were immediately slapped away. She looked up in confusion at her new master, but was quick to cast her eyes back down once she saw those sharp accurate eyes. With her arms under her breasts, she leaned her head in and took the ex-assassin's already hard cock into her moist and inviting mouth.

"Good girl," Tim said as he placed a hand on top of Rebecca's head. He ran his fingers through the girl's mahogany-coloured hair. His right hand was in his jacket pocket where he always kept his gun. Even while enjoying a blow job, he did not let his guard down at all. Some could even say he was simply downright paranoid from this habit of his.

A tingle of pleasure ran up Rebecca's spine as soon as she heard the words "good girl". She couldn't believe how excited she became upon hearing those words. With a heightened sense of arousal, she ran her tongue frantically along the shaft of her new master's manhood. She wrapped her lips tightly around the cock and started making slurping noises on purpose. The newly enslaved girl reached between her legs and started playing with herself.

Slap!

"Who said you could play with yourself?" Tim asked coldly.

"I-I..." Rebecca stammered to get the words out, but as unable to overcome the increasingly heavy atmosphere in the room. Her hands were on the left cheek that was still stinging from the sudden slap.

"Never mind. I just wanted to slap you around before letting you go, anyway," Tim said with a sigh. "That means you get two months off before you go back to Sera. How you get out of that is your problem."

"Wha... what?" Rebecca looked up with a puzzled look on her face.

"I'm not collecting," Tim explained. The heavy atmosphere he had around him appeared to had lifted. "I don't intend to keep an unwilling slave."

"Then... I want to be one. I'm the one who asked you to play and I'm the one who made the bet," Rebecca replied as she leaned her head back towards Tim's crotch. "Please make me your slave. I'll do anything for you."

Slap!

"Didn't you hear me?" Tim asked. "I don't intend to keep an unwilling slave. You're doing this because of a poker game."

"....." Rebecca took a moment to recover from the second slap before replying, "Please make me your slave. I really do want this! Please!"

"....." Tim studied Rebecca's face for a few seconds and could instantly see the sincerity behind her words. He knew that this girl genuinely wanted to be his slave, though whether it was really because of the poker game or not he could not tell. He wondered briefly for a moment what Sera did in her short time as Rebecca's mistress to make Rebecca want to switch owners.

"And... besides... Sera would take me back... if you don't... use me," Rebecca faltered. "Arguing against her... is... useless."

"Turn around," Tim said. "And get back on the coffee table."

"M-Master?" Rebecca looked up with hope in her eyes.

"Didn't you hear me?" Tim asked.

"Y-yes, Master!" Rebecca immediately turned around and laid her upper body against the glass coffee table. She waited patiently and braced herself for she was expecting another spanking. To her surprise, her new master was kneeling right behind her and his cock was right up against her pussy!

Without a word, Tim slipped his cock into Rebecca's already moist womanhood and despite the tightness, had almost no trouble getting it all the way in. Rebecca could feel the cock deep inside her and immediately starting moaning in pleasure. She rocked her hips back and forth against Tim's crotch well before her master was even ready to start thrusting. The cold-natured classmate took the hint and started pumping away at the pussy before him.

Schlurp... schlurp... schlurp...

The two of them awkwardly attempted to find a common rhythm, but even those attempts felt good for them. In the end, they just followed the flow and fucked each other as best they could. Halfway through, Tim grabbed hold of Rebecca's wrists and pulled her arms until they were straight and horizontal. The two of them picked up speed for a few seconds before Rebecca reached her climax. Tim pulled out at the last second as he grabbed a fistful of the mahogany-haired girl and forced his cock back into her mouth. As Rebecca rode the waves of pleasure throughout her body, loads of cum was shot into her open and willing mouth.

Tim kept his cock inside Rebecca's mouth until his new slave finished cleaning it up with her tongue. He tucked away his cock and zipped up his zipper. "If you ever change your mind-"

"I won't change my mind," Rebecca replied. After a couple of seconds, she added, "Master."

"Don't call me that in front of other people," Tim replied.

*****

"Bio energy comes from each and every individual cell in your body as opposed to your soul. Users of this form of energy don't really bother with Chakra points and instead focus more on the pathways, holes, and cells of the human body. If the holes are large enough, one may become sensitive enough to energy to actually sense it in others," Sera continued her lesson. "In some rare cases, there are those who are born with holes large enough to naturally sense energy. A person who doesn't fit under this category can only gain this ability through practice."

So anyone can do it if they knew how, Spike thought to himself.

*I heard about spiritual energy, but not bio or mana, Monica thought to herself. Is that really how energy leaves the body?

"Of course, once those holes open up, energy will leak out even more than it usually does. If too much energy leaves the body, the owner of said body dies. That's why it's important to learn how to open and close the energy holes at will. Even more important is to learn how to control the flow of energy whether it's inside or outside the body. Honestly, there's a very fine line between spirit energy and bio energy, but it's there. Within a person, the spiritual energy and bio energy can be so similar that they're practically the same or as different from each other as night and day. It's generally not a good idea to have these two energy-types too different from each other, but the theoretical power behind it can be very tempting to not try."

*****

Meanwhile, Trent was getting his ass handed to him by a flying squirrel wearing boxing gloves. The half-dog fell off the pole he was standing on, but managed to regain his senses in time to kick the pole and jump onto the side of the next one. With impressive skill and reflexes, he was able to move naturally around the poles with little to no difficulty. The only difficulty he had so far was the little rodent that could surprisingly pack quite a punch.

"That's the fourth time he's punched my forehead," Trent scratched his head irritably as soon as he made his way on top of a wooden pole. He was having trouble keeping up with the zipping squirrel, though the fact that he could was already impressive considering the speed at which the squirrel was moving. He was clutching a tube of something in his pocket. "Well, not this time. I'll catch him for sure."

Zip!

The squirrel suddenly shot up the pole and came from underneath with an uppercut to the jaw, only to hit air when his target bent his body backwards without falling. Aware that he missed, the squirrel looked down in time to see the hands reaching out for him. In response, the rodent bounced off the arms and went straight for the forehead again.

Wham!

"Gotcha," Trent grinned as soon as he felt the hit connect. While still standing on the pole, he bent forward so that his upper body was parallel to the ground.

"....." The squirrel simply hung there with his right boxing glove glued to the dog-man's forehead. After a couple of seconds, he uses his left gloved fist to poke away at Trent's right eye.

"Ow! Hey! Cut it out!" Trent exclaimed as he grabbed the rodent with his right hand. He used his left to quickly undo the string to the squirrel's right glove. Ironically, as soon as the glove was undone it fell off his forehead. With a puzzled look on his face, he checked the label on the tube of glue he used. "Huh... wears off after fifteen seconds. Wait a sec... what's the point of using this glue, then?"

While Trent was distracted, the squirrel managed to wriggle loose and run away at top speed. As soon as he noticed that the rodent was gone, Trent immediately chased after the squirrel until he was off the poles and back on land. Once he was there, he saw no sign of the squirrel at all.

"Wait... where am I again?" Trent suddenly realized he had forgotten where he was and why he was here. He hit the palm of his hand with the back of his fist and said, "Oh yeah... this is Sera's house. I should probably go say hi! Oh! Were these mountains always here?"

For the first time ever, Trent realized that he was staring at a physically impossible scenery unless he had somehow teleported to another part of the world. He probably had and didn't realize it what with being obsessed with chasing the squirrel and all. What he was staring at was a range of mountains stretching out as far as his eyes could see, which was very far. The forestry planted on the side of the mountains looked so close as though you could jump to the other side, but in reality they were thousands of miles apart. High up on top of the peaks, fog surrounded the snowy caps as though hiding the mysteries of the world above.

Any normal person might had kicked Trent in the head for not noticing that the absence of the neighbouring houses and the fact that the backyard was on a cliff surrounded on three sides by rocky walls. Right above the house was a pillar of smoke... or fog... or something similar. There was no doubt that he had just come from that direction. Deep below the cliff was a valley hidden in darkness. The forest there was thickest and gave the most eerie feeling down the back of one's spine.

"Sera's house is awesome!" Trent exclaimed as he took in all the scenery before him. His eyes were wide with excitement as every fibre of his body became overwhelmed. This was short-lived due to his noticing something behind the tree with the Tarzan rope. Curious, he walked over the tree and looked behind it.

Sitting there and sleeping was a young teenaged girl with straight long blonde hair that reached down to her waist. She had on a purple dress with black shoulder straps and the hem reaching just short of her knees. Under her right hand and lying on top of her stomach was a book titled "Wuthering Heights" and in her other hand was a white straw hat. She was barefoot at the moment, though it appeared she was wearing sandals before she kicked them off. With a peaceful look on her cute sleeping face, there was an irresistible charm about her that more than complimented the amazing atmosphere of this place. However, the large bulge wriggling about between her legs and under her dress drew attention away from her face.

As cautiously as he could, he got down on his hands and knees and stared at the bulge with focused eyes filled with concentration. His hands hovered above for a couple of seconds before they shot out and got to work. His left hand lifted the hem of the dress while his right hand shot out to catch the squirrel. Unfortunately for him, the squirrel was too quick and managed to dash away in time. Trent would had continued the chase had his fingers not been caught on the crotch of the sleeping girl's white cotton panties.

"Mmph..." The sleeping girl moaned in pleasure in response to the intrusion in her panties. Her left hand reached between her legs and grabbed hold of Trent's wrist. She started leaning towards her right side and her legs clamped down on the half-dog's hand at the same time with the left knee on top of the right knee. Her falling to the side would had woken her up had Trent not caught her head in time.

Trent gently lowered the blonde stranger's head onto the ground, but now found that his left hand was stuck as well. He felt the girl's soft right hand leave the book and touch the back of his wrist. With both hands occupied, he wasn't quite sure what to do at the moment except... play with the girl's vagina.

With dexterous hands, he wriggled the two fingers that were already past the panties and rubbed them up and down the sleeping girl's wet slit. By slipping his thumb underneath as well, he was able to get the panties a little out of the way so that his fingers had better access. His middle and ring fingers touched the outer lips and gently slid along up to the clitoral hood. Whatever dream this girl was having must had been a very pleasant one considering how much juice she was leaking.

Trent found that the pussy was completely shaved, though in this day and age it was common among teenaged girls. Confident that he could get this girl off before she woke up, he continued silently exploring with the hand that was still trapped between the girl's legs. He sought out the clit that was hiding beneath the thin piece of skin above the slit. Once he found the hood, he coaxed the little nubbin from its hiding place. Knowing that direct stimulation might wake the blonde girl up, he opted to simply rub the area around the clit instead.

"Mmm..." The sleeping girl moaned in pleasure again as her left hand released Trent's probing hand. Her body shifted a little as her left hand joined her right in touching the arm she was resting upon.

"For a minute there, I thought she was going to wake up," Trent said to himself as he continued watching the girl sleep on his arm. He blinked, then moved his face up close to hers. He studied her face for a while, then moved up to her ear and shouted, "Get up! I know you're faking!"

When he received no response, he moved his head away and pulled up his legs in front of him. With his right hand still between the girl's legs and his left hand under her head, he pushed off his shoes and socks and stuck them under the girl's armpits. His toes were almost as dexterous as his fingers, so tickling with them was just as effective. As soon as he did this, the "sleeping" girl could not contain her laughter and immediately jerked awake. "Stop! Stop! I'm awake! I'm awake!"

"I knew it! How long were you awake for?" Trent asked as he continued tickling the blonde with his toes.

"Stop! Stop!" The blonde girl attempted to push the dog-man away, but ended up falling forward herself. She pushed Trent's feet away from her armpits, but ended up placing his knees on her shoulders. As a result, her face ended up between his legs while he was nearly upside down with his hand still between her legs. Getting untangled from each other was a confusing and complicated procedure, but it was simplified when the blonde girl pushed the blonde guy's legs away, causing the blonde guy to flip onto his stomach and rip the girl's panties off at the same time.

"Ow..." Both of them said at the exact same time.

*****

"... Did we get teleported to another part of the world without realizing it or something?" Spike asked as he and Monica stared at the scenery that was in Sera's backyard. The two of them had followed their new demoness mentor outside for the third part of the lesson.

"Close enough, I guess," Sera replied with a mischievous smirk on her face. She stepped off the porch and left her two classmates to stare at the scene a while longer. Her attention fell upon Trent and the blonde girl he was with. Her eyes immediately widened at the sight of the other blonde and immediately hurried over to the two of them. "Kera? What are you doing here?"

"Sera!" Kera, the "sleeping" girl sprung to her feet and wrapped her arms around Sera as soon as she got the chance. "Mom and dad said that I could stay with you for a while!"

"What? Why?" Sera asked.

"Why not? They said it might do me some good to live among humans for a while," Kera replied. "Besides, the human world is so much better! You'd have to be a thousand years old to be an adult, but over here we can both be adults!"

"First of all, you don't have to be a thousand and second of all, even among humans you're not old enough to be an adult," Sera sighed as she placed her hands on Kera's shoulders. "Third of all, now's not a good time, so... wait, what did you and Trent do?"

"Hiya, Sera! Your sister's nice. Niceness must run in the family," Trent grinned.

"You have a sister?" Spike suddenly spoke up as soon as he and Monica reached the growing group.

"I take it she is also a demoness?" Monica asked as she studied Kera. The family resemblance was evident, though it was obvious that the younger demoness didn't possess the power that her sister did.

"I didn't know you had a sister. Why didn't you tell us?" Spike asked.

"We've only known her for a week," Tim remarked.

For a second there, everyone except Sera froze on the spoke. After the second was up, four pairs of eyes fell upon Tim in an instant.

"Trans-dimensional doors," Tim simply explained, then jerked his thumb towards the toolshed tucked away beside the house.

"Trans-di-" Trent began to echo.

"Stargate," Tim interrupted.

"Or a rabbit hole," Trent added. "What's Stargate?"

"I take it you've already sent Rebecca home?" Sera asked with her arms crossed.

Tim simply nodded his head in response.

*****

Meanwhile, Rebecca was walking as carefully as she could along a busy sidewalk while holding herself tightly. The reason why she was walking carefully was because of the bullets (unused, of course) wedged inside of her. There were six magnum bullets inside her wet vagina and another two inside her rectum. Since she wasn't wearing any panties, she was afraid that the bullets may slip out of her juicy slit if she wasn't careful.

Once she reached her destination, she glanced down at the piece of paper with Tim's address, then looked up at the apartment building in front of her. Crunching up the piece of paper, she threw it away and stepped inside.

*****

"Anyway... the reason why I brought you out here was to illustrate the third part of my lesson," Sera explained as she waved her hand over the scenery of the mountains and forestry. "The third energy type is called Mana. Mana is the magical energy that flows freely throughout the world. Some places have more mana than other places. Mana types differ from place to place depending on the elements. For example, a hot desert may have more fire mana than say... the ocean, which most likely has lots of water mana. Many magic-users, or magickians to some, tend to rely on this ability to exceed the energy limit of their own spiritual or biological energy."

"You do not still need me to demonstrate, do you?" Monica asked as she suddenly took a step back.

"....." Sera's eyes momentarily shifted to Kera, then back on Monica. "No, it's not necessary. Thank you for your help thus far, Moto-chan."

"Fill me in later?" Tim asked Monica.

"Of course," Monica replied. "I will also fill in Trent."

"....." Tim simply motioned his head towards Trent, who was crab-walking and chasing around Kera... on the wooden poles. Unfortunately, the half-dog got attacked by the boxing squirrel.

"Many mana-users 'breathe' mana by sucking up the energy from their surroundings. Mana enters the body through the energy holes and flows throughout the body. Some Mana-users can be skilled enough to keep the mana outside their body, yet still control it. It is the lifeblood of magic-users and the reason why they can become extremely powerful," Sera continued her explanation about mana. "However, although mana is energy and treated as such, it is still foreign to the body and can therefore cause harm to the body. This especially happens if the mana 'inhaled' is completely different from the spiritual energy already presiding within the body. The best conductor for mana is blood, wood, and certain tissue from certain animals. This is why many magic-users like to use conductors such as wands and staves."

So... to sum it... Spike thought to himself, So magical energy can be divided into three separate categories:

1) Spiritual energy from the soul.
2) Biological energy from the cells.
3) Mana from the environment.

"This place is filled with mana, isn't it?" Monica asked.

"Exactly, which makes this place the perfect training ground for the six of you," Sera replied with a smirk.

"I only see four of us," Spike looked around in confusion. "I'm assuming Rock's here, but got occupied with his own obstacle and still hasn't overcome it yet."

*****

"Well that wasn't fun at all," Rock remarked before falling from a sitting position to a lying position in an exhausted manner. The giant suit of armour seemed to agree and appeared equally tired. Between the two of them was a finished game of Jumanji, which the boxing squirrel won, by the way.

*****

"Yes... she's a tad late, isn't she?" Sera tapped her chin thoughtfully. She shook off that thought and addressed the three who were present and paying attention. "The reason I wish to train the six of you is not only related to the demon attacks, but also the secrets behind the school. I'm sure you've already noticed, but Windroy Twelve Forrest Secondary School is not an ordinary school."

"Don't you mean WTF High?" Spike asked.

"What did you think WTF stood for?" Monica asked.

"They were initials?" Spike looked surprised. "I thought it was a result of when they started using letters instead of numbers for public schools, like PS XXX or PS OMG."

"Did you not notice the big sign in front of the school?" Monica quirked an eyebrow.

"Oh yeah... I was meaning to read that sign someday," Spike replied. "Now I don't have to cause now I know what is says."

"It's not generally a good idea to interrupt someone who can easily strangle you to death without using her hands," Sera cut in.

"Sorry," Both Spike and Monica apologized at the same time.

"What the f***?" Rock's voice suddenly rang out as soon as he stepped out into the backyard. He was staring with a wide open mouth at the scenery before him. "Did I just step through one of those portals, like in Stargate... or a rabbit hole from a very old cartoon?"

"You're late. That means I don't have to pay, correct?" Sera smirked as she suddenly appeared right in front of Rock. She took the deliveries out of Rock's hand and walked back to the others.

"Wa... wait a minute! When I stepped thro-" Rock began.

"You ended up in the attic instead?" Sera asked.

"You did that?"

"If you simply continued looking instead of wasting your time playing classic children's games, you would had made the delivery on time," Sera replied.

"F*** that, B****!" Rock growled angrily. He dashed forth and attempted to snatch back the deliveries. Unfortunately, Sera was too quick for him. Rock's left ankle was ensnared by a scarf, which flung him through the air and into the pool.

Splash!

"I'll tell you what. If you stay around a while longer, I'll pay for the food," Sera offered as she gave Rock a flirtatious look. "If you behave, I'll throw in... a... little... reward."

"Betcha he won't like the reward," Spike whispered.

"I will not take that bet," Monica replied.

*****

"Is this it? The address?" A young female teen asked herself as soon as she arrived at her destination. She checked the address that she was given just yesterday, then looked up at the house that would change her life forever.









"Attention! Do not read any further if you are either too young, not allowed to view this kind of content in your region/area/whatever, offended by this kind of material, or related to the author by blood!" Spike announced as he read off a piece of paper. "In other words: Read at your own risk!"

"Disclaimer's kind of late, don't you think?" Sandra asked with crossed arms. "We're already on the eighth chapter, you know."

"I know..." Spike sighed as he crumpled up the piece of paper and chucked it away. "Seriously... related by blood? How's the reader gonna know if he or she is related the author if the author's keeping this a secret from his family?"

"And how will someone know if they're offended by this story's material if they haven't even read it yet?" Sandra added.

"Plus anyone underage will probably keep reading anyway," Spike added.

"Anyway... I'm finally in the story," Sandra said. "And I'm not happy about it at all."

"Ah... right... that part," Spike replied.

*****

"....." Asterisk simply stood there, staring at his desk with a blank look on his face. He had a bad feeling that something he would rather not find out about happened to the desk since he last sat in it.

"Take your seat, Asterisk," Mr. Smith said before turning around continuing the lesson.

"Uh..." Asterisk looked up at the teacher and noticed that, once again, he was facing the black board. He looked around and noticed that everyone else was either sleeping, whispering, passing notes, listening to music, gambling, eating, or any combination of the above. Noticing an empty desk nearby, he dragged his own desk over to it and switched the two of them. Unsurprisingly, no one even glanced over at what he was doing.

"Zzz.. call... zzz... yum..." Trent snored and talked in his sleep at the same time. His hand was on top of the two cards he had in the poker game he was playing at the moment. His other hand was feeding him cheetos even though he was sleeping.

"Psst, is there something wrong with your old desk?" Monica asked Asterisk.

"Let's just say... ignorance is bliss... some of the time," Asterisk replied with a nervous chuckle.

Title: WTF High's School Defense Force - Lesson VIII
Class: 4D
Room: 104
Abra, Kadabra, Alakazam! Now you're... wait... those aren't incantations. Those are pok-

Behind Windroy Twelve Forrest Secondary School, across the fields, across the street, and twenty feet down was a creek with many trees and bushes on either side of it. There was a wooden bridge with railings that intersected the street and built above the creek. Since the bridge was thick and the trees even thicker, the spot right under the bridge was the perfect hang-out for activities best left unseen from public eyes. One particular individual was making full use of this spot.

Derek was standing there in the shadow of the bridge with a thousand page book in his hands. He stood atop a rock that was flat and had plenty of space compared to the other rocks next to the stream of water. He found the book in the school library after his bitch of an English teacher handed out the assignment for a book report, which was due in six weeks. That was barely enough time to even finish a book! At first, Derek thought about just choosing the shortest novel he could find, but then a certain black book caught his eyes. It was as though it was calling out to him. Before he knew it, he was checking that book out.

He was skeptic at first, but when he tried out the first spell he saw, the guy sitting behind him suddenly screamed out for his hair was on fire. Derek was startled, but managed to calm down long enough to recite the words to extinguish the fire. After that, he realized that the magic was for real and the book that proved it was now in his possession.

Ever since he was a little kid, he had always been fascinated by the supernatural and read all kinds of books about myths and magic. By the time he started High School, he gradually lost interest and eventually accepted the reality that magic did not exist. Aside from this, he was just a regular student with a normal social life and a hatred for English class. He had slightly curly brown hair, bright blue eyes, and a few freckles on his face. He wore a brown shirt and blue jeans.

"Let's see here... yeah, that'll be useful," Derek muttered to himself as he looked over the spells that were available to him. Fortunately for him, the spells were divided into sections and the index at the back helped a great deal. The first section that caught his eye, of course, was the one about manipulation. He scanned over the section and found quite a number of spells under that subject alone. The details and explanations behind each spell was also there, but Derek hardly understood them at all. It didn't really matter to him, though, since all he needed to make them work was read the incantations... or 'the keys' as they were called in the book.

Derek immediately heard someone approaching and close the magic book with a slam. His body tensed up and his breathing became heavier for he was anticipating this moment for quite a while. Of course, there was also the possibility that someone other than the person he was waiting for had stumbled upon this place in which case he was ready to use his manipulation spell to make them go away. To his delight, the right person had arrived.

"Derek?" Heather asked as soon as she was under the bridge. She skipped along the rocks until she was standing on the same rock as Derek. She had olive green eyes and dark chestnut brown hair that reached just past her ample breasts. At the moment, she was wearing the school's black and red cheerleader's outfit since she had just finished the cheering squad's first after-school practice of the school year. In her hand she held a note asking for her to meet her under the bridge after school. "Did you leave this in my locker?"

"Yeah, I did," Derek replied with a smirk as he approached Heather with a confident look in his eyes. "I just wanted a word with you, that's all."

"If you're asking me out, just stop and we'll pretend this never happened," Heather replied with her arms crossed. She remembered all through last year how she turned down several other guys since they didn't interest her and right now Derek was no different.

"I was going to, but-" Derek began.

"Then we'll pretend this never happened," Heather interrupted before she turned around and walked away. She only took a couple of steps before she heard the words:

"Prosternere," Derek grinned as his black book started glowing with a dark green hue. The light surrounding the book appeared to snake out and made its way through the air towards its target. Neither Derek or Heather saw the green light for it could not be seen by normal eyes. However, that did not matter to Derek as long as the spell worked and worked it did.

"What di-" Heather began to ask before she was hit by the green light. Suddenly finding it difficult to breathe, she dropped to her knees and clutched her chest. She was completely overwhelmed by the power of the spell as it seeped into her body and took control from the inside. Soon enough, her breathing returned to normal and the pressure of the green light lifted off of her. However, she found that no matter how hard she tried, she could not get back onto her feet and she could not raise her head high enough to see anything above Derek's knees. Before she knew it, her hands were on the ground in front of her as she prostrated herself before Derek. Panicking, she started thinking to herself, What's going on? Why can't I stand up? I can't move!

"Heather?" Derek asked cautiously as he looked down at the cheerleader's submissive form. If the spell didn't work, he wasn't quite sure how to explain what just happened. According to the details of the spell, Heather could not disobey any command given to her by Derek as long as she was within a 100 mile radius from the black book. Confident that the spell had worked, he said, "Stand up, Heather."

Almost immediately, Heather got to her feet with her eyes still downcast. With a horrified look on her face, she asked, "What did you do to me?"

"I made you my slave, thanks to this book," Derek smirked in response as he brought the book up for Heather to see. When he realized that Heather was still looking down, he said, "You can look up now."

"Sl-slave? W-why?" Heather asked with wide-open eyes. Her attention turned towards the black book in Derek's hands. Questions and thoughts about what was going to happen to her raced through her panic-stricken mind. Maybe I'm just dreaming. Yeah, that's it. Magic doesn't exist, so I must be dreaming.

"Why do you think?" Derek asked with a chuckle. Staring straight into Heather's eyes, he gave the simple command, "Take off your clothes."

Dreaming... I'm just dreaming, that's all, Heather assured herself as her hands took a life of their own. Her top was the first to go. She reached back with her hands and unzipped the top before letting it drop into the creek. Her red laced bra fell in afterwards, but unlike the top it was gently carried away by the stream of water. The next to go were her shoes which were kicked off into the water. Now she stood topless and barefoot atop the rock and only a few feet away from her captor. If it weren't for the spell, she would had hesitated at this point, but since she was unable to disobey the command given to her, the skirt was unceremoniously unzipped and thrown on top of the rest of her uniform.

"Nice... just nice..." Derek smirked as he watched the cheerleader expose herself one article of clothing at a time. His eyes were on the pert and ample breasts displayed before him. They were milky white in colour with cute pink nipples standing erect as a result of the cold weather of the fall. Her long and muscular legs were a testament of the long hours she put in her cheerleading and gymnastic practices for the past four years.

If this is a dream, please let me wake up, Heather was increasingly worried that she was not dreaming at all despite the unreal circumstances she was in at the moment. With trembling hands, she hooked her thumbs into the strings of her red laced panties and pulled them down to her knees. Lifting one foot at a time, she took off her panties and dropped them into the water. The panties followed the bra down the stream and disappeared from sight. Now her completely shaven pussy was displayed for Derek to enjoy.

"Heather, you have a smoking body. Just thought I'd let you know," Derek grinned as he lecherously took in the full view of the naked cheerleader. Without warning, he reached out and roughly grabbed hold of the breasts. He handled them carelessly and it didn't occur to him that his rough handling was hurting Heather. He took hold of Heather's left nipple with his middle finger and thumb and dug his fingernails into them. "From now on, you'll do anything I say."

"Ah... stop it! It hurts!" Heather cried out as she felt the pain go through her body like a knife through butter. She walked to back away from those hands, but she couldn't even move let alone fight them off. It slowly dawned on her that she wasn't dreaming after all. The pain in her nipple and breasts were proof of that. "Stop it! I can still scream!"

"Then I order you to shut the hell up," Derek replied coyly as he looked straight into Heather's eyes.

"....." Heather opened up her mouth, but no words came out. Terror etched across her face as she realized that she could no longer speak. She tried to scream as loud as she could, but it was as though her throat was blocked by a muffler.

"Let's see here..." Derek smirked as his left hand travelled south of the border. His fingers found the shaved slit and they forced their way in. As soon as he did, he realized that Heather was still dry in that area. Well... at least not as wet as he would had liked her to be, anyway. "Hmm... gonna have to change that. Exciere."

Oh no... what did he do? Heather thought to herself as she felt her heart beat faster and her blood boil with excitement. She found herself becoming more and more aroused by the second as soon as the incantation hit her ears. Her pussy throbbed hungrily with arousal and juice began to flow out in large quantities. She could not believe the intense pleasure running through her.

"Alright, you stuck-up bitch," Derek grinned devilishly as he brought his hand, soaked with pussy juice, up to the naked cheerleader's lips. "First, clean my hand with that slutty little mouth of yours."

Heather complied by opening her mouth and sucking on the fingers one at a time until they were clean. It was only because of that last spell that she was able to cope with the thought of tasting herself on her captor's fingers.

"From now on, you're mine to do with as I want," Derek grinned. "When we're alone together, you will not speak unless I tell you to. You will not tell anyone else about this. If anyone asks, just say that we're going out. Tomorrow, I want you to wear your shortest skirt with no underwear at all. That means no bra or panties. Now... sit down in the water with your legs spread."

Unable to resist the command, Heather stepped into the water and sat down. A cold shiver ran up her spine as soon as her buttocks and pussy broke the water surface. Conveniently enough, she was sitting with her pussy facing the current of the creek. In her highly aroused state, she had to fight hard to keep herself from cumming right then and there.

With the book tucked away into his backpack on the rock with his shoes and socks, he walked over to Heather and stood before her. Without anything further to say, he unzipped his jeans and fished out his cock. He pushed down Heather so that she was lying down into the water. Fortunately, the water was shallow so the brunette's face was still above the water surface. Planting his hands on either side of Heather's head, Derek lowered himself until he was right on top of Heather.

He didn't care that his jeans were getting soaked when he lowered himself into the creek since he was pretty sure the magic book at some sort of solution for that. His balls dipped into the water as he lined up his cock with Heather's pussy. Once they were lined up, he slammed his cock into the wet slit with a single powerful thrust. The cheerleader gasped with pleasure in her mind for she could not do so with her throat as it was now.

Derek felt the pussy walls tighten around his cock like a vice, though that did not stop him from pounding away at the chestnut-haired girl's pussy. It was obvious that he was still inexperienced, but that did not matter when the Exciere spell was at work. Heather felt nothing but pleasure from the rough fucking she was getting and the flow of water against her buttocks. Soon enough, both of them came at the same time. Derek pulled out and shot his load all over the cheerleader's flat stomach as Heather rode the waves of pleasure in the body she no longer controlled.

"I still can't believed it worked," Derek said in amazement as he stood up. His eyes turned towards his backpack, which contained the book that could change his life forever. A sly grin etched across his face. "The fun's just getting started."

*****

"Is your hair okay?" Monica asked with a concerned look on her face. She walked along beside Asterisk through the empty soccer field since their homes were in the same general direction.

"Yeah, it's fine now," Asterisk replied as he reached up and touched the part of his hair that was on fire. Despite the strong smell of burnt hair, there was little to no visible damage to it at all. "I wonder how that fire got there? Maybe I was doing that whole aura thing wrong."

"No... that does not make any sense," Monica replied. "None of the stuff you had done thus far had any relation to fire at all."

"True..." Asterisk replied as the two of them crossed the wooden bridge together. "It's a good thing that the training I did do was related to water. It's pretty neat. My aura feels like water. See?"

"Not quite, but close enough," Monica replied as she lifted her hand up to feel the blue light emanating from her classmate. She silently stared off into space as her thoughts drifted back to the training two days ago. *It took me a week to get an aura as clear as that, but he only needed one. Was it because of that placeor was it his own natural talent at work?

"Say... do you think we're be facing those demons again any time soon?" Asterisk asked. "Not that I'd want that, but... uh... you know..."

"You wish to test your strength?" Monica asked.

"Ah... hah... yeah..." Asterisk replied.

"Something tells me you will get your wish soon enough," Monica assured her friend with a gentle smile. "When you do, be sure to give it your all."

"Sure thing. I'll do my best, so... uh... do yours, too."

"Of course."

*****

The next day... in English class...

"Has everyone finished the first chapter of Jane Eyre?" Ms. Quartz asked as she held up the book that everyone was supposed to read for the weekend. When only a couple students raised a hand, she sighed and shook her head in disappointment. As she cracked open the book to the first chapter, she said, "We'll read it together, then. Everyone open their books to the first chapter."

Ms. Quartz had the appearance of a very strict and conservative teacher despite being only twenty-three years old. She wasn't that tall, but she was tall enough so that wearing a couple inches of heels solidified the air of authority she was well known for. A navy blue suit with a white blouse underneath and black skirt was her attire today. Her onyx black hair was tied into a bun behind her head and held there by a single bobby pin. Her sharp eyes were completely black, which complimented her soft and attractive face without taking away any of her tough demeanour. In fact, they somehow accentuated it.

"Psst... could you share your book with me?" Fallout, formerly known as Asterisk, asked the person sitting in the desk next to him.

"You didn't bring your book today?" Sandra asked with an annoyed look on her face.

"Yeah... I... uh... didn't actually pick one up," Fallout explained with a nervous chuckle. "I was daydreaming about Frisbee-throwing polar bears and before I knew it, class was over."

"You had three days to pick one up," Sandra pointed out. "Wait a minute, didn't you raise your hand?"

"Oh... right... now that I remember, I did bring it here," Fallout replied as he smacked his fist against the palm of his hand. He ruffled through his backpack, then pulled out ten sheets of paper that consisted of the first chapter of Jane Eyre. "Kinda sucked when she... what?"

"You read it off the net?" Sandra exasperated. "That's illegal, isn't it?"

"Um... oh look. It looks like everyone else forgot to bring their books," Fallout immediately changed the subject.

"I already knew that something like this would happen," Ms. Quartz explained with what appeared to be a patient tone of voice. She walked over to the grey cabinet at the front of the room and pulled it open. With a stern expression, she faced the class and said, "All the books are still here! You had Thursday, Friday, and Monday to pick one up at the beginning and end of class, but none of you did. Now... I want every single one of you to go up and there pick up a book. You have ten minutes to pick up a book and read the first chapter. Be sure to read it thoroughly, cause I'm giving a pop quiz right after time's up!"

"Now that I've looked closely, this isn't Jane Eyre. This is Jane Eerie; a completely different book altogether," Sandra commented as she looked over the pages Fallout pulled out from his backpack. "You're screwed."

"Eh? What? Sorry, I wasn't paying attention," Fallout apologized. "I was trying to figure out why Ms. Quartz didn't make sure everyone picked up a book from day one."

"You're kidding, right?" Sandra quirked an eyebrow at Fallout.

*****

"Eh heh... barely managed to get a passing grade," Fallout chuckled as soon as class was over. Coincidentally, English class was the last class of the day so he was out in the hall next to his locker.

"Seriously... what the f***?" Sandra scowled. "How did you manage to do that when you hadn't even read the first chapter?!"

"I don't see why you're angry when you've got a perfect score," Fallout replied.

"What makes you think I'm angry? I not angry at all," Sandra grumbled as she shoved her books into her satchel and walked away. "What's wrong with this class? Not just this class, but all those other classes, too."

"What crawled up her ass and died?" Derek asked as he watched Sandra walk away in a grumpy manner.

"Um... I'm not sure. Not as though she's the one teaching the class," Fallout scratched his head in response. "Maybe she's pissed about being the only one who actually pays attention in class?"

"Yeah... heard she even got a perfect score on the quiz," Derek smirked. "Speaking of the quiz, kind of sucked that we had to take it, huh?"

"Yeah... sucked, but it's not like it took a huge chunk out of our grades, right?" Fallout replied with a chuckle.

"What do you think of the teacher?" Derek asked with crossed arms. "Kind of a stuck-up bitch, don't you think? I had her last year and I gotta tell you, she's a lot worse than she looked today."

"No... not exactly," Fallout replied. The conversation suddenly became uncomfortable. He was getting a bad vibe from this guy even before they talked, but he figured it was just his imagination... until now. "I'm... gonna go now. I've got friends waiting for me."

"Hey Fallout! We're racing to the mall today!" Trent shouted down the hallway. Right after that, he was gone.

"See?" Fallout said before he brushed past Derek to go after Trent. He stopped a few feet away, then turned around and asked, "You're in the same homeroom as me, right? What's your name again?"

"Derek," Derek replied. "And y-"

"Oh! I forgot to mention! Last one at the food court's gotta pay for everyone else's meal!" Trent shouted down the hall before disappearing again.

"Ack! That can't be good," Fallout groaned before he raced off towards the mall. "Gotta go! See ya, man."

"Ah well... can't have too many helping anyway," Derek sighed as he walked off in the opposite direction. As soon as he turned at the corner of the hallway, Heather and three guys went over to meet him. The three guys were Derek's friends and they all happened to share the same certain English teacher last year. In fact, two of them had to retake English over the summer.

"What a slut she's become," One of them was molesting Heather's breasts from behind. "You said you did this with magic?"

"I still say it was some kind of trick," Another grumbled cynically. "You could've rigged something up beforehand when you made that tree burn."

"And the lightning bolt?"

"Taser... or stun gun. I'm tell you it's not going to work."

"I dunno... he took his shirt off before he made that lightning bolt. Probably wanted to show that there were no tricks involved... or at least I hope that's why."

"If it doesn't work, I'll just tell her I dragged you along, alright?" Derek grumbled as he pushed past his friends towards the English classroom. "Oh... and hands off my girl. You guys can do whatever you want to Ms. Quartz, but Heather's mine."

With that said, Heather was released and the five of them headed for the English room. As usual, the hallways were completely dark and empty after school. At first, Derek thought that maybe Ms. Quartz had already left in which case the plan had to wait until tomorrow. However, as soon as they arrived, there was light coming from the bottom of the classroom door which meant that the English teacher was probably still inside. Sure enough, as soon as the door was opened, Ms. Quartz was seen next to her desk, getting ready to leave.

"May I help you?" Ms. Quartz asked as soon as she noticed the five students suddenly entering the classroom.

"Of course you can help us. You can start by taking off your clothes, bitch," Derek sneered.

"Excuse me?" Ms. Quartz dropped her briefcase back onto the desk and approached her student with an angry look on her face.

"Just for the record, we didn't know he was going to say that," One of Derek's friend put in.

"You heard me, you little whore," Derek spat. "Take off your clothes or I'll do this to you. Ruptura!"

As soon as he said the magic word, the cabinet full of books suddenly exploded and shattered into several different pieces. The confetti left from the explosion floated through the air and the metal doors just barely missed Ms. Quartz's head. One of them grazed her cheek and left a tiny trail of blood, which basically pushed her over the edge into shock.

"Vallum!" Derek immediately shouted just before the doors reached him. A red wall of light appeared in front of him and stopped the doors just in time to keep them from slicing his head open. The wall of light vanished after a couple seconds and the doors fell to the floor with a thud and a clang.

"Wha... how... did you...?" Ms. Quartz's wide-open eyes fell to the metal doors as the small scraps of what was once literature surrounded her. She fell to her knees for she suddenly lost the strength to stand up.

"Holy sh**! That was awesome"

"Watch it next time. I think a nail almost poked my eye out."

"You just saw an exploding cabinet and all you can think about is a nail poking your eye out?"

"I'm more impressed by that wall, to be honest. Looked cooler."

"This is way more fun than just charming someone," Derek laughed as he pulled out his spell-book and started looking them over. "Course, I might still have to do that just to keep her quiet. What you think, guys?"

"Use the spell," All three friends agreed at the same time.

"Right... better safe than sorry, huh?" Derek grinned mischievously. He turned his attention back on the English teacher as he stood proudly over her. "Time to bid your freedom farewell, Ms. Quartz. From now on, you're going to be our cock-loving little slut who'll do anything we say. Prosternere."

*****

Man... what's this feeling I keep having that I should had stayed behind at school? Fallout grumbled to himself in his mind. He tapped his foot and fingers nervously while his free hand was scratching his hair.

"You know, I have seen murder suspects in court who were more calm than you," Monica commented as she gave her friend a concerned look. "What is the matter?"

"It's cause Rock eats like a pig, right?" Trent asked with a grin. "I've never seen anyone eat more than ten hamburgers before."

"For the last time, they weren't for me," Rock growled angrily. "They were for Scar and Horn."

"Sure... whatever you say, man," Trent laughed. "Next you'll probably say you need to feed that suit of armour."

"Maybe not, but he did say he needed some oil," Rock replied.

"No... it's not that," Fallout replied. "I just... have a feeling I have to be somewhere... but I'm sure it's nothing."

"Go," Tim said.

"What?" Fallout blinked.

"Go," Tim repeated. "I'll pay."

"Uh... are you sure?" Fallout asked as he stood up. "I'm really gonna go."

"Then go," Tim said again.

"Ah... I'm leaving my wallet anyway," Fallout took out all the money he had in his pocket. "Oh... right... I don't carry a wallet. Well... I'm still leaving all my money. If that still doesn't cover it, I'll be sure to pay you back. Thanks. Bye!"

With that, Fallout was gone.

"I will go with him. See you!" Monica said as she left the table to go after her friend.

"So... just us four left, huh?" Trent grinned. "Let's play public strip poker!"

Rock and Tim got up at the same time and left the table.

"I'll play!" Kera exclaimed as she pumped her fist into the air.

*****

"Woo! Looking good today, Sandra!" Gary, the quarter-back shouted from the football field. At the moment, what remained of last year's football team was having after school practice before try-outs. "Did ya come all the way back here to see me?!"

"F*** off, dirt bag!" Sandra shouted back as she rushed past the field towards the school.

"Is it true that you don't like guys?" Hal, the Tailback shouted. "Maybe we can change your mind with-"

"I think she's too far to hear you," Click, a Tightend and Wedge Buster said. "Practice is almost over and I need to head home soon. Let's wrap this up, shall we?"

"I can't believe I left my notes in class," Sandra grunted as she ran through the hallways back to class. She never noticed how creepy the school could be after hours until now. With the exception of hearing the football team practicing in the football field, the hallways were incredibly dark and quiet. For this reason, it was easy for her to pick up the light that was coming from the doorway to the English room. "Oh good. Ms. Quartz is still in."









"Hello everyone and... woah... what's going on here?" Fallout asked as soon as he noticed Derek's three friends standing there holding signs.

"We demand names," One of them explained.

"Extras are people too, you know!" Another added.

"We don't even have an appearance," The third one growled.

"Oh boo hoo to you guys, then," Fallout grumbled sarcastically. "I'm one of the main characters and no one's even heard my real name yet... or what I actually look like."

"Yeah... what's up with that, anyway?" The first of Derek's friends asked.

"Something about a reflection of my character or something stupid like that," Fallout replied as he scratched his head in confusion. "Well screw that. I want a name too."

"Join in on our rally, then," The second one suggested as he handed his sign over to Fallout.

"Sweet!" Fallout exclaimed as he accepted the sign.

"By the way... what's your real name, anyway," The third one asked as he quirked an eyebrow.

"Oh, I'm glad you asked," Fallout replied. "My real name is-"

Title: WTF High's School Defense Force - Lesson IX
Class: 4D
Room: 104
Oh screw you, Deathnote! Screw you!

"I don't get it... where's our coach?" Hal asked as he looked around for the coach.

"I think the coach's in his office... doing... something," Click replied.

"Porn?"

"Porn."

"I'm breaking in and stealing his stash."

"So the coach'll come to practice more often?"

"There's that, too."

*****

"Now what we're going to do is play a friendly game of spank the bitch," Derek chuckled as he grabbed Ms. Quartz's hair and dragged her over to her desk. He threw her over the desk so that only her upper body was over it. She was positioned so that her crotch was directly over one of the corners of the desk. Was she was one the desk in the right position, Derek pulled the navy blue suit off of her and pulled the hem of the skirt up to her waist. Now her black laced panties and tight round buttocks were on full display to her students.

"Woo! Alright! Let's strip her!" Alec whooped.

"Nice ass, teach," Eric sneered as he gave his teacher's left ass cheek and light downwards slap. That slap sent a shock of pleasure through Ms. Quartz as her pussy dug further into the corner of her desk.

"Screw her ass, then. I want her pussy," Maverick said.

"So that leaves me... what? The mouth?" Alec raised an eyebrow. "Sweet! Hey Derek, if you tell her to, would she be able to deep throat without gagging?"

"I don't know," Derek admitted. "Let's find out right after we dish out her punishment. You want to do the honours, Eric?"

"Of course," Eric snickered as he drew back his hand and delivered a sounding upwards slap across Ms. Quartz's ass. He rotated his arm so that his hand went into a circular motion before delivering the second spanking. Each spank on their own sent jolts of pleasure up the English teacher's spine, which was nothing compared to what the corner of the desk offered her.

"Woah! Check it out!" Alec exclaimed as he pointed to the trail of liquid running down the inner parts of Ms. Quartz's legs. "That horny bitch."

"You getting turned-on by this, teach?" Eric asked sadistically as he continued raining down the punishment upon the onyx haired English teacher. "This what gets you off?"

"That's it. I can't take it anymore," Maverick threw his hands up before reaching out to grab Ms. Quartz by the hair. "I'm gonna fuck her brains out. Get over here and suck my cock, bitch!"

"You like what you see, my pet?" Derek grinned as he sat down at the teacher's desk and pulled his new fuck toy onto his lap. Heather shivered with excitement as she felt her new master's hands roamed the lower half of her body. She allowed Derek to pull her skirt up, reach into her panties, and play with her pussy. In return, she reached down with both hands and lovingly stroked the bulge in her owner's jeans.

Last night, she had to follow Derek back to his house in only her wet cheerleading uniform. Her bra, panties, socks, and shoes were left behind in the creek. It was windy that day, so she was freezing her cute little ass off and her pussy was exposed to the cool autumn air. As soon as they got to Derek's place, Heather called home and lied about sleeping over at her friend's house. Since Derek's parents weren't home and didn't come home by morning, everything seemed to work in the new magic-user's favour. Derek spent all of last night and early that morning fucking Heather's brains out using various positions including bondage ones.

"That's it... take it all in," Maverick chuckled as he forced his cock down Ms. Quartz's throat.

Alec reached down and grabbed hold of the teacher's left hand and brought it up to his manhood, forcing her to give him a hand job. The onyx haired woman felt the bulging cock forced into her delicate fingers as she continued running her sweet little tongue all over Maverick's tool. In only took a moment before Eric join in on the fun and forced his prick into the English teacher's right hand. With that way things were going, it wasn't going to be long before all three students shot their load all over their sexy teacher's pretty face.

"Start begging for their cum, Ms. Quartz," Derek commanded as he unzipped his jeans and lifted Heather onto his cock. Heather squealed in a cute manner as she found herself impaled upon her master's cock. A hand took hold of each breast as the two of them started rocking their hips together. Derek released the right breast and brought forced his right fingers into Heather's mouth.

"(Please give me all your cum)," Ms. Quartz moaned incoherently as she continued stroking and sucking off her three students. She stopped sucking Maverick's cock long enough to beg, "Please give me all your cum."

After that, she stroked Maverick's cock with her right hand and started sucking off Eric. A little more than ten seconds later, she started sucking off Alec. Between switches, she begged for their cum and urged them on to continue to use and degrade her. Before long, she got what she asked for and all three unloaded their jizz all over her face.

"Get off," Derek said as he suddenly pulled Heather off his cock. Heather had a disappointed look on her face for she was just about to climax. Now she had to wait while her new master turned his attentions on their English teacher. Derek stood over Ms. Quartz and started jerking off until he too had unloaded his semen all over the onyx haired woman's face. Once he was done, he grabbed Heather by the wrist and forced her down on her knees next to Ms. Quartz. "Clean her up with your tongue, Heather."

Wha... wait... what? Heather exclaimed in her head. Unfortunately, she couldn't resist the spell and found herself licking up the cum off of her teacher's face.

Krrreeeeee...

All the guys' heads turned towards the door, which was now ajar with its hinges creaking. Footsteps running away from the classroom could be heard from inside the classroom. It was obvious that someone saw what was going on and ran away to avoid getting caught. Three pairs of eyes turned towards Derek, who was looking pretty calm for someone in his current situation.

"Don't worry, guys. She's not getting away that easily," Derek smirked as he pulled up his jeans and grabbed his book of spells. He grabbed Heather by the wrist and said, "Meet me at the field. Tell the team that I've got a surprise for them. Transportare."

With that, the two of them were gone. The three left behind eyed each other, then turned their sights on the kneeling English teacher. Maverick shrugged his shoulders and grabbed Ms. Quartz by the hair. "C'mon. We can share her with the football team till Derek gets there."

"Why don't we just go to another room and have her all to ourselves," Alec asked.

"Yeah, like I'm gonna mess with someone who can do that," Maverick scoffed as he jerked his head towards the destroyed steel cabinet.

"Point taken."

*****

"So is Derek a mana-user, then?" Monica asked as she ran along beside Fallout back towards the school.

"No... I don't think so, anyway," Fallout replied. "He didn't have the mana inside of him. I think he's just using a spell book."

"In other words, he's not using his own power," Monica nodded her head in understanding. "He was using the mana that was already stored inside the book."

"That's right," Fallout confirmed. "It's just like what Sera said."

*****

Four days ago...

"Magical energy can be stored within an object so that it can be used later. An extremely skilled and powerful Magic-user can not only store energy, but have it perform a specific function once released. Such energy is usually locked away and can only be unlocked with a specific Key. For this reason, books and scrolls are popular containers for such energy. The Key to releasing a spell and its energy is usually the incantation within the energy container. Due to mass production, a standard Key is used with each spell when magical books are created. Since magic books lose energy each time they are used, most of them are able to recharge themselves by gathering mana from their surroundings (ex. the sun). Some magic-users are able to manually recharge books with either their own energy or with mana.

Books and scrolls are not the only objects that can contain magical energy. In fact, this is how magical artifacts are created. The key or incantation to unlocking the energy and causing its function to occur does not necessarily have to be written anywhere on the artifact. The Key to unlocking the energy also does not necessarily have to be an incantation. It could be a specific movement of the hand, an energy type, or other such things. Only an extremely advanced user of magical energy can create and infuse original spells into objects. Apparently, the most powerful of magic-users prefer to write and create their own magic book using Keys different from the standard of their magic community.

Creating spells can be compared to programming in the computer world. For this reason, two of the same spell can be completely different from one another if the 'programming' is different. The two spells would perform the same function, but one could be more 'efficient' and less 'energy-consuming' than the other. Like in computer programming, there are also different languages that can be used to create spells. These are usually due to difference in geography and culture."

*****

Current time...

"I'll bet Derek found a book that belonged to some super powerful magician and now he's taking advantage of it," Fallout said. "All the mana I sensed was coming from his backpack and not him. That book's eventually going to run out of mana, but there's no telling how much it originally contained and how fast it can recharge."

"Should we not seek the others for help, then?" Monica asked.

"No... not now, anyway," Fallout replied. "I... I have to do this myself."

"I did not follow to watch, you know," Monica scowled.

"I know... sorry... but could you leave Derek to me?" Fallout asked.

"....."

*****

"Where did Hal and Click go?" Gary asked as he looked around for the two missing players.

"I think they went to raid the coach's porn stash or something," One of the Wide Receivers answered. "Practice is almost over and the try-outs haven't even started yet. Just let them go."

"Screw them, then. It's their loss," Gary grinned as he turned his attention on the completely naked English Teacher kneeling in the middle of the field.

"Damn... when's Derek getting back?" Alec asked with a sigh. "Maybe we can convince him not to share the teacher... and let us have Sandra."

"You need more patience," Eric replied. "By the time Derek's through with this school, we'll have all the pussy we want."

"That's it, I'm joining in," Maverick grumbled as he started taking his pants off. "I don't care how many other guys there are as long as the chick is hot... and the chick I see is hot."

The increasingly exhausted English teacher was straddling one of the football players reverse-cowgirl style. Each of her hands was stroking a different cock and every time one of them blew its load all over her, it was replaced by a different cock. Her mouth was just as busy if not even busier for the cocks in her mouth blew at least three times as fast as the ones in her hands. Her breasts weren't lacking in attention either for when they weren't groped, nibbled on, or slapped around, they were getting coated with thick globs of semen.

"Having fun, guys?" Derek smirked as he suddenly appeared in front of the ongoing gang-rape. As hot as a naked Ms. Quartz was, all eyes could not resist going directly towards the guy who just teleported. All eyes then followed the leather leash in Derek's right hand and fell upon a defeated-looking Sandra... who was naked. Derek pulled on the leash, forcing the collared girl in front of him, and kicked her in the back. "Say it! Now!"

"I'm a stupid little bitch slut who can't get enough of cocks and will do anything for one. If I can't get a cock, I suck on used jockstraps and play with myself," Sandra said as though she meant it. Of course, in her mind the true Sandra wanted to kill herself right then and there. She couldn't believe the words that were coming out of her mouth and there was nothing she could do about it! Her hands went down to her pussy and she pulled back the lips so that her pink womanhood was exposed for all to see. "Can you see how wet and horny I am? Please use me and fuck me any way you want. I need a cock in me right now."

"You heard the horny slut," Gary sneered as he approached Sandra with predatory eyes. The quarterback grabbed the violet-eyed girl by the hair and dragged her over to the crowd of whooping players. She was thrown onto the ground next to Ms. Quartz, who was not going to get a break just because another naked girl was on the scene. It didn't take long before Sandra found herself just as used and abused as her English teacher.

*****

"Darn it! Where'd they go?" Fallout grumbled as soon as he and Monica reached the English room. The lights were still on and Ms. Quartz's clothes were strewn about all over the floor. The smell of semen and sex filled the air along with the scraps of what was left of the literature in the cabinet. With such a scene before them, it was safe to assume to worse.

"Perhaps they went to another room," Monica suggested.

"Or maybe... ah... wait... yeah, that could be it," Fallout had the same feeling he was getting ever since that night when Sera caught him peeping on her having "fun" with Linda. He wasn't entirely ready to base all of his decision on this new feeling, but it was all he had to go on.

*****

Please let this nightmare end... please let it end... Sandra thought to herself over and over again as she endured having cock after cock shoved down her throat. She wanted to gag and retch in disgust at the stench of the sweaty meat sticks, but the spell she was under forbade her body to go against Derek's command. She was unable to fall unconscious and unable to fight back despite all her attempts at taking back control of her body. Her fingers dug deeply into the well tended football field as she felt one of the larger cocks force its way into her dry unlubricated anal tract. No... not there! Not there! Oh God no! Please stop it!

"Woah! This bitch is tight back here!" The player that was fucking Sandra's ass announced as he started fucking the enchanted girl in the ass. Everyone who was waiting their turn laughed and cheered their teammate on. Sandra was mortified, but not to mortified to ignore the burning pain in her asshole. She tried to block out the pain and the sound of the other boys laughing and cheering. She remembered once hearing that the best way to take it up the ass was to simply relax as much as she could and accept the intrusion as best she could. With that in mind, she focused on that task as an attempt to distract herself from her forced sodomy.

The dark blue dyed haired girl felt what seemed like the hundredth cock that night being thrust into her mouth. As instructed by Derek and demonstrated by Heather, Sandra wrapped her lips tightly around the cock and ran her wet and slimy tongue all over it. Unable to move her head, she had to do her best with just her lips and tongue. The player getting his cock sucked grabbed the dyed haired girl by the head and started face fucking her. This caused Sandra to become more aroused as she felt the penis move back and forth along her tongue and the roof of her mouth. She simply couldn't help but let out a soft little moan of pleasure. Once she did, she prayed to whatever deity would listen that no one heard her and it seemed as though that at least that was answered.

The guy fucking Sandra in the ass shot his load deep into her bowels before pulling out and letting the next guy have a shot at her. It wasn't as bad this time around due to the cum and blood inside of her ass acting as a sort of lubricant. The poor girl was pretty sure that the walls of her ass were torn to shreds from the first fucking and couldn't imagine what it would be like once the rest of the football team was done with her, even if the team was smaller due to being what was left over from last year. She simply sobbed to herself in her heart, for she was forbidden to even shed a tear throughout the entire ordeal.

Panting and gasping for breath, Sandra's adrenaline level continued rising as she attempted to keep up with the demands of her rapists. Her breasts were fondled roughly by multiple hands belonging to those who were beginning to grow impatient. Fingers that found her nipples squeezed with sadistic glee and tongues that found them had just as merciless teeth accompanying them. Her left hand was taken from her and made to fondle a pair of balls, leaving only her right hand to support her body. Two guys had the bright idea of lifting Sandra by the knees so that whoever was fucking her ass could go deeper. This kept going until at least twelve guys had shot their load deep inside the defeated girl's ass.

With cum dripping out of her ass, Sandra's knees were released and her left arm was returned to her. After what seemed like forever, the last cock to enter her mouth was pulled out... only to shoot piss into her face. The others immediately followed suit and aimed their cocks at various parts of the girl's body. One by one, streams of piss soaked Sandra from head to toe, bringing her deeper into degradation and humiliation. Sandra could do nothing except do as she was ordered to do, which was to stay put with her mouth wide open and her tongue hanging out like a dog.

Ms. Quartz was dragged by the arms and dropped right in front of Sandra. Not only was she, like her student, covered in cum, sweat, and piss, but her ass was oozing out even more spurts of semen than Sandra's! Sandra could only stare in horror as her teacher was made to lie down on her belly with her ass sticking straight out into the dyed haired girl's face. Derek appeared right behind Sandra before he pushed the back of her head with his foot until her face was a mere inches away from Ms. Quartz's ass.

"Lick her ass, you disgusting little piece of shit," Derek growled as a devilish grinned spread itself across his face. Despite knowing that Sandra could not refuse any of his commands, he gave her a kick to the side of her body. He immediately rained down more and more kicks to her body and it didn't look like he was holding back at all. "Lick her ass like the dirty sewer mouth bitch you are!"

Derek gave one final bone-breaking kick before he settled down and backed away. The others simply looked on in silence for they weren't sure what to do in this sort of situation. Alec, Maverick, and Eric looked on with their jaws hanging for they had just seen a side to their friend that they had never seen before. Amazingly and as a testament to Derek's newfound powers, Sandra staggered onto her hands and feet and crawled back over to Ms. Quartz's awaiting ass. Rasping heavily with what could possibly be broken ribs, she strained her tongue out as far as it could go and licked the cum-filled ass.

"That's right! Do as your master tells you to do!" Derek laughed manically. "What would everyone say if they saw you now? You're nothing but a slimy piece of tr-"

Out of nowhere, Fallout slammed his right fist directly into Derek's face and sent him flying into the ground several feet away. Before anyone else could react, he was on the false magic-user and pounding away at his face. His left hand clutched tightly around the collar of Derek's shirt as his right fist repeatedly punched over and over again. Blood stained the field and the audience continued to remain silent.

Transportare... Derek thought to himself desperately with what remained of his conscious mind. He warped away from the onslaught of merciless punches and reappeared behind the crowd of football players. Unable to find the strength to stand, he fell on his ass. Facing his friends and the football team, he made the incantation in his head. Massa Prosternere! Now keep that crazy bastard away from me!

The book hidden in his backpack glowed a deep green colour, then reached out with tendrils made of green light. The tendrils reached deep into the football players along with Alec, Maverick, and Eric. The tendrils that reached out to Monica and Fallout were blocked by the invisible aura surrounding their bodies. The others weren't so lucky as to have the ability to see the tendrils or have a means to block them. Instead of prostrating themselves as the spell usually made its victims do, they immediately complied to the first command given to them. They turned their sights on Fallout and quickly moved to block him from reaching the injured Derek.

Complere Sarc, Derek enchanted as he felt the mana surround his head this time. This time he was using a healing spell to recover from the punches to his face. Unfortunately for him, by the time he was done, half the football team was demolished.

The berserker saw the possessed players coming at him. Luckily for him, they had all pretty much taken off most of their protective gear including helmets and cups. He slammed the heel of his right foot into the face of the first opponent to reach him, then pulled that same foot back into the ground behind him. With a beaten body in their way, the others slowed down and hesitated to keep from tripping. Using this opportunity, Fallout jumped off the fallen body and delivered a mid-air roundhouse into the faces of three players.

"A-Alec! Get over here!" Derek ordered as he pulled out his spell book. He ruffled through the pages until he found the one he wanted to use. As soon as Alec was near, he recited the words, "Rocca Spiritus!"

As Derek chose that moment to run away, Alec found himself surrounded by dirt and rocks as though they were burying him alive. His entire body including his head became encased with solid rock as they dug deep into his flesh. The rocky exterior connected with the holes in the surface of his skin and fed mana directly into his body system. The link between the rocky armour and the soul within Alec's body was made just as quickly as he was buried. Once the spell had ended, the young man named Alec had become a stone golem.

"....." Alec stared at his new hands with disturbed eyes. He now stood eighteen feet tall and his fists were as large as wrecking balls. Despite the heavy exterior, he didn't feel as though his body had slowed down at all. In fact, he was able to move his new body just as well as he could his old one, which was actually still inside the rocky armour. Noticing that Fallout was right in front of him, he drew back his fist and threw it towards him.

Reacting to the punch, Fallout dashing backwards. The stone fist heavily smashed into the ground in front of him, creating a large hole in the middle of the football field. Fallout quickly dashed forth and darted between the golem's legs. Alec immediately turned around and sent a powerful left kick towards the berserker's unprotected back. However, Monica immediately intercepted the kick by redirecting it with her own.

Had Monica not interfered, the kick would had easily broken the majority of the bones in Fallout's body. Luckily for him, Monica was there to kick upwards against the heel of the stone golem so that the powerful kick went over her and Fallout's heads. Monica immediately followed up by surrounding her right fist with aura and sending it into the side of the Alec's supporting leg, causing it to shatter upon impact. As a result, Alec fell onto his hands and knees as a huge chunk of his right leg crumbled into several hundred fragments.

The sword-less demon slayer followed up her attack by jumping high up into the air and delivering a devastating heel drop into the back of the golem's head. She spun herself off Alec's head and faced the rocky giant with a cut clear message in her eyes: "You will not go after my friend."

*****

"Damn it! Damn it! Damn it! Why weren't they affected by my spell at all!" Derek growled to himself as he teleported all the way to the secret hiding place underneath the bridge behind the football field. He clutched the spell book tightly against his body as he gasped for breath from the strong beats of his uncalm heart. "Do they know magic too? Is that how?"

"Not really, no," Fallout's voice replied from above. A splashing sound accompanied the voice after the owner of the voice jumped down from the wooden bridge. Fallout stood there in the shallow creek with a disturbed look on his face. His eyes were narrowed into thin slits and his fists clenched tightly. "What I use is a little different."

"Prosternere!" Derek shouted as the green light stretched out from the book in order to reach its target. This one was faster and a more flexible than to the tendrils of the version with multiple targets.

This spell forces spexxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxed mana into its victim's body through the microscopic holes on the surface of the skin, Fallout thought himself as he allowed the light to surround him from head to toe. He could immediately feel the energy trying to seep into his body in order to control him from the inside. As though on reflex, he forced his own spiritual energy out through the same holes the mana was trying to get into. Therefore, if I just forced my own energy out, then the mana can't get inside.

"Damn it! Fine! I'll just kill you," Derek growled as he chose his next incantation. "Flamma Serpere!"

Once those words were out, a wave of flames immediately surrounded the book-user. The flames danced through the air and gradually took the shape of a serpent. Fallout was unable to reach the book-user due to the flames blocking his way and simply decided to hang back and wait. He counted himself lucky to have a water-like aura, but he wasn't sure how well it was going to do as protection against the flames. The wooden bridge only made things worse for once it was lit on fire, it was liable to fall apart on the two of them.

The flaming serpent lashed out at Fallout with its teeth bared in a bestial manner. Fallout immediately moved away from the creature before it could reach any part of his body. He concentrated heavily on "tuning" his aura so that it matched the water he was standing in so that he was better protected. Unfortunately, the flame serpent easily caught up with him and wrap itself tightly around the youngster with a vice-like grip. The amount of power behind the flaming serpent was much greater than the simple blue aura that was seeping out of Fallout's body. He knew that it was only a matter of time before the flames completely toasted him into a pile of ash.

Fallout knew he needed more than just the power of his spiritual energy if he was to defeated Derek and his flaming serpent. With this in mind, he diverted his attention to the cells in his left arm. He concentrated on the energy pathways and the power output of every individual cell that made up the left arm. He felt it becoming increasingly stronger until he was confident it could even tear through steel. Bio-Tech: Dragon's claw.

With an empowered left arm, Fallout broke free from the flaming serpent's grip. Harming the serpent seemed like an impossibility considering what it was made out of, but it appeared as though the bio-enhanced teen left claw marks along the right side of its face. Screeching in pain and anger, the serpent thrashed about near the bottom of the bridge before attacking the youngster's open back. The serpent's target, on the other hand, made it within striking distance of Derek's spell book. He reached back with his left hand and got ready to tear the book to shreds.

Crack! Bang! Boom!

The bridge chose that moment to completely fall apart and collapse on top of all of them. The smoke and stench of the burning wood filled the air, clouding both vision and smell. Fallout immediately dashed back before a flaming wooden beam could crush him. Both Derek and Fallout were disoriented and confused throughout the chaos, though they probably should had expected something like this to happen with the flaming serpent involved. Although Derek, by default, was protected by the serpent's flames, he was not protected by the falling debris. As a desperate attempt to protect himself, he turned the palm of his hand towards the sky and said, "Vallum!"

Fallout looked up at the collapsing bridge and braced himself when it fell upon him. He jumped up to meet the falling bridge and punched a hole through it with his left fist. He grabbed edge of the hole with his right hand and planted both feet next to the hand before rebounding himself out of the chaos. Now that he was on top of the bridge, he only had to hang tight until the bridge finished collapsing. Once that was done, he found himself standing upon the remains of the wooden bridge. Standing opposite him was Derek, who had successfully protected himself from the falling debris with his wall of red light. The flaming serpent was still with him.

Fallout focused his attention on the flaming serpent and thought of ways to defeat it. Finally, he settled on using a mana-based attack with the water from the creek. He focused on the mana in the water and slowly breathed it into his body. He was surprised by the amount of mana available to him and realized that he should had used this attack sooner. The water he gathered slowly surrounded his body until he was completely protected by the flames of Derek's serpent. The water gradually took shape until it was a giant serpent similar to the flaming one, except it was made out of water. Mana-tech: Water Dragon.

The water dragon extinguished what was left of the fire as it rushed headlong into battle with the flaming serpent. The two of them sank their teeth into each other's neck and thrashed about in order to gain dominance over the other. Logically speaking, the water dragon had the home field advantage and therefore should had been able to dispatch the fire serpent. Unfortunately, the water dragon lost out to the fire serpent and evaporated into thin air.

"Hah! Your weak little dragon didn't stand a chance against my serpent!" Derek declared victoriously.

"How much mana did you use up keeping that serpent alive so far?" Fallout suddenly asked.

"What the hell are you talking about?" Derek asked angrily. "What the hell's mana?"

"I see..." Fallout sighed as his eyes fell upon the black book in Derek's arms. Unlike just a few minutes ago, it was no longer emitting a healthy green aura. "You can't even see that your book is already dead."

"What are you..." Derek faltered as soon as he noticed that his flaming serpent was fading out of view. With wide open eyes, he desperately tried to pull it back into existence. "Flamma Serpere! Flamma Serpere! Damn it! Don't die on me!"

Unfortunately, the flames of the serpent died out and it vanished into thin air. All that was left of the creature was the black smog rising up into the night sky. While Derek was distracted by the loss of his magic-using abilities, Fallout drew back his right fist and concentrated on his spiritual energy. Reaching deep into his soul, he pulled out as much energy as he could and gathered it into his right fist. By the time he was done, he had a blue baseball-sized energy sphere enveloping his right fist. Without wasting anymore time, he punched the energy sphere directly at Derek's black book. Soul-tech: Surge Fist! (Hadouken!).

As soon as the blue energy sphere hit the black book, the book erupted with a flash of green flames. All the green light that was within the victims of the Prosternere spell flew through the air and fed the green fire of the black book. Derek attempted to drop the book, but it was as though his hands were glued to it. He screamed out in pain as the green fire enveloped his entire body and burned him from the inside out. He fell upon the fragments of the burnt bridge as the fire continued to consume his body. Then, as though it was never really there, the green fire vanished.

"....." Fallout warily approached Derek's body and surveyed the damage. The black book was gone; it had probably disappeared along with the green fire. Surprisingly, Derek was unharmed by the fire, but simply passed out from the pain. Fallout stood over the unconscious former magic-user and remained there for a few seconds longer. Then he made his decision.

*****

"Woah... what happened here?" Hal asked as he looked at his teammates in awe.

"I believe they have passed out," Click replied as he scratched his head with a puzzled look on his face. His eyes went to the empty beer bottles that littered the field. "Look. Maybe they found the coach's secret refrigerator."

"Aw, c'mon! They drank the beer without us?" Hal complained. He took a closer look at the other players, then decided, "On second thought... it's a good thing we weren't here when they drank the beer, cause I really don't wanna know what they did."

"Ugh... what happened?" Alec groaned as he sat up. "Why does my head hurt and where'd my pants go?"

One by one, the other football players along with Maverick and Eric woke up just as confused as Alec. Apparently, they didn't remember what had happened after Hal and Click decided to raid the coach's porno stash. They were also scared and confused as to why their pants were off and their cocks hanging out.

"Ack... my head hurts... no... wait... my ass hurts more," Derek groaned as he slowly came out of consciousness. He froze as soon as he realized where he was and that the football team was half-naked. He looked down and realized that he was also half-naked... and that there was semen coming out of his ass! Screaming in horror, he ran from the football field while attempting to pull his pants up at the same time. "What the hell? What just happened?"

"Oh... my... God... we didn't..." Alec's eyes were wide and filled with shock. He started asking the others about what happened, but none of them remembered anything that happened in the past three hours.

"This... does not... leave... the group... understand?" Gary growled to everyone else.

Everyone understood.

*****

"It appears that they do not remember anything," Monica noted as she watched the football panicking from behind the trees next to the creek.

"That's good to know," Fallout replied as he knelt next to Ms. Quartz and Sandra's bodies. Both of them were sound asleep for they had endured quite a bit before finally passing out from the black book's destruction. Fallout hoped that there was a chance that just like the others, these two wouldn't remember a thing as well.

"So what do we do about these two?" Monica asked as she knelt down next to Fallout.

"Well... we might be able to figure out where Ms. Quartz lives by checking her briefcase," Fallout replied as he grabbed hold of Sandra's naked body. The girl was still covered with piss, sweat, and semen, so the young man took her down to the creek. "You should probably take Ms. Quartz home. I'll try and find Sandra's house on my own... and I think I have to find Heather while I'm at it."

"Can you handle that by yourself?" Monica blinked. "I mean... first of all, how will you find out where she lives?"

"I'll... figure it," Fallout replied as he crossed the creek to reach the other side. He looked around and muttered, "Let's see... that way."

*He's using Sera's gift*, Monica noticed as she picked up Ms. Quartz and placed her over her shoulder. *Speaking of gifts... even if it was Alec, I don't remember being strong enough to take on a golem empty-handed like that. Was it because of Sera's training?*









The first Friday of the school year...

Sera stood before the group who were about to undergo the training that took place in the strange world that was in her backyard. Hanging from the strings in her outstretched hand were gemstones shaped like finger-sized hexagonal prisms with pointy ends. She passed them around by throwing them directly at them.

"What're these for?" Rock asked as he caught his gemstone. He stared at the red ruby gemstone he was given, then looked to see what everyone else got.

"These precious little things called tuning stones," Sera replied with a grin on her face. She paused for a second, then in an unconcerned voice said, "I'm sorry Spike. Did I throw too hard?"

Everyone else sweat dropped.

"Ow..." Spike moaned as he sat up after getting hit in the forehead by the blue sapphire prism that was now in his hand. Once he stood back up, he looked at his gemstone before noticing that Monica had the same one. Even though a small stream of smoke was coming from his forehead, he replied to Sera, "I'm fine. It just slipped, that's all."

"....." Tim had a yellow topaz gemstone, which he decided to wear around his neck.

"These tuning stones glow any time they're within their respective elements," Sera explained as she produced a third blue tuning stone to demonstrate. She threw the gemstone into the pool and as soon as it was submerged, it started glowing as brightly as a glowstick. Before it was out of reach, she knelt down and pulled it out of the water. As soon as she did, the gemstone stopped glowing. "It reacted to the mana of the pool's water, you see. The heavier the mana concentration, the brighter it'll glow. Of course, these gemstones don't just react to mana."

To demonstrate what she meant, she placed the blue gemstone around her neck and held it up for everyone to see. Once she had everyone's attention, which took a while to get from a certain half-dog, she released enough blue ki from her hand for normal people to see and for the gemstone to become enveloped in it. Almost instantly, the gemstone glowed so bright that everyone except Sera had to look away at once. A couple seconds later, both Sera's hand and the gemstone stopped glowing.

"It didn't glow that bright when it was in the water," Rock remarked as soon as it was safe to look again.

"Shiny! Do it again!" Trent exclaimed excitedly as he moved about rapidly to examine Sera's gemstone from all possible angles.

"It'd take years before any of you could reach this level," Sera smirked as she took off the gemstone and threw it over the cliff. Trent immediately went after it by diving off the cliff and disappeared from view.

"Uh... is he going to be alright?" Spike asked as he watched his hyperactive friend dive off the cliff.

"The aura produced by your ki is as unique as your DNA, but you can tune it so that its properties matches something else, like water," Sera continued her explanation. "The best way to do that is by being in an environment where you're surrounded by the right kind of mana. That's why we're here. There are a select few locations that are perfect for this kind of training. You'll be staying at those locations for ten hours per day for the next three days in groups of two. I've already decided on the pairs."

"Oh hell no!" Rock sharply replied as he held up his red gemstone. "Unless red means tomato patches, I ain't spending three days in some scorching hot desert!"

"Well then, you're in luck," Sera replied with a Cheshire grin. "You won't be spending three days in some scorching hot desert."

Lava pit, everyone besides Rock thought at the same time.

At that moment, Trent, in his golden retriever form, jumped back onto the cliff and ran over to Sera with the blue gemstone (the one Sera threw away earlier) dangling from his mouth. Sera knelt down, took back the gemstone, and praised Trent for being a "good boy" by scratching his belly. After a long while, everyone was getting impatient with the two of them, especially Rock.

"If you're going to be doing that all day, could you at least send us on our way or something?" Rock asked angrily.

"Why of course. I'll send you on your way as soon as I tell you where you're headed," Sera grinned in response. "I'll be paired with Trent and we'll be doing our training somewhere close to here, so we won't have to teleport. Moto-chan and Berserker-kun will go to the beach for water training. Kera, I'm going to have to ask that you go with Tim to the wasteland. Last, but not least... Rock and-"

*****
Title: WTF High's School Defense Force - Lesson X
Class: 4D
Room: 104
Time to find out what happened after the grand battle on the bridge! Blargh... it was barely even a battle... ("~_~)
*****

The crisp morning sun of the Autumn season shone through the clear glass window and into the bedroom within. The sunlight revealed the titles of the books that were securely placed on the bookshelves that took up one side of the room. A bulletin board filled with pictures of family vacations, school field trips, and summer camp took up the opposite side of the room. Right under the pictures with the top end against the board was a black L-series "Headless" Steinberger bass.

"Mmmph..." Sandra moaned and rustled about from under the sheets as soon as the sunlight hit her eyes. She pulled the sheets over her head to block out the sun and sleep for a while longer, since the alarm didn't even go off. She didn't even need to wait for the alarm for she became alarmed when she realized that something was wrong. Snapping her eyes open, she quickly sat up and pulled back the covers. Her eyes immediately went wide in horror when she realized that she was not only naked and covered with the smell of sweat, urine, and semen, but...

"Mmmph..." Heather moaned in her sleep as soon as the sunlight hit her eyes. Those same eyes snapped open when she realized she was in the wrong bed.

*****

"Huh... why didn't I notice this sooner," Fallout muttered as he examined what was left of his scorched backpack. The bottom of the backpack broke causing all of his books, pencils, erasers, markers, binders, notebooks, crumpled up newsletters, ruler, hole-puncher, post-its, moldy sandwiches, goldfish, loose change, and gum to spill out onto the floor. He gave out a heavy sigh, then went in search of something temporary before asking his parents for a new backpack. After finding nothing in his closet, he went upstairs to the attic to see if there was anything there.

What he found in his attic was a backpack made out of what appeared to be material from an old black and white carpet. In other words, it was a carpet bag shaped just like a backpack that used a hood instead of a zipper and the straps were actually chains. It was mostly black with what appeared to be a Yin-Yang symbol on the hood and around the symbol were the characters for fire, water, earth, wood, and metal in white. Seeing nothing else available, Fallout picked up the bag and left the attic.

Hmm... I wonder if it was a good idea to leave Heather with Sandra, Fallout thought to himself as he made his way back to his room. I'd had left Heather at her place if I didn't hear that message she left her parents. Oh well... I'm sure there's no problem at all. I hope this backpack doesn't have fleas or anything like that.

*****

"Okay... breathe..." Sandra instructed to both herself and her unexpected guest. She took three deep breaths all the while saying, "Breathe in... breathe out... inhale... exhale... now tell me why the fuck you're in my room."

"I don't know! All I remember is going home after cheerleading practice!" Heather cried as she covered up her body with the bed sheets as best she could. "I don't remember anything that happened after that!"

"That's after school, right?" Sandra asked. "I don't remember anything that happened after school, either."

"You don't think... we... did... stuff...?" Heather faltered as she stared into Sandra's eyes in horror. Her trembling hands gripped the bed sheets in aguish and she looked just about ready to cry. "Wh-what... what have... we... are... we..."

"D-don't worry... I... I don't think we d-did anything," Sandra stammered for she was also worried about that possibility. When she realized that the other girl was close to breaking down than she was, she knew what she had to do.

"Y-you... you really... think so?" Heather asked with a glint of hope in her eyes. Unfortunately, her hopeful expression faltered and her eyes went downcast again. "W-we're b-both n-naked and sh-sharing a bed, though."

"If we did, it'll be a secret between the two of us," Sandra replied with a nervous grin. With an obviously fake chuckle, she added, "Unlike a guy, I wouldn't go blabbing about this, saying I scored and shit... or in this case, pissed."

"O-of course," Heather managed to giggle in response. Whether she actually thought the joke was funny or thought it was so lame it was funny, she started cheering up.

"We should get this... stuff... off of us and get to school right away. Go ahead and use the shower first. My parents are almost never home, so we're probably safe in terms of keeping this a secret," Sandra chuckled as she leapt off the bed and started putting on any dirty clothes she could find. "I'll make sure the coast is clear, just in case, then see if I can find something for you to wear."

Heather nodded her head in agreement as she watched Sandra leave the room to make sure the house was still empty. She still felt uneasy about the whole thing, but found herself heading for the bathroom to take a shower anyway. She figured she might as well go along with Sandra's advice, clean herself up, and get ready for school. She also thought about what she should tell her parents once she got home.

Holy crap, my ass hurts, Sandra thought to herself right after she left her room. She wasn't an idiot... she knew something more happened during the time she couldn't remember. The dried semen she was covered in was proof enough.

*****

Monica stood completely naked in the bathroom with a roll of elastic bandages in her right hand. She stared at it for a long while, then sighed, *I didn't wanna wear these fer school, but...

After hesitating a while longer, she unrolled the bandages and started using them to bind her breasts to her body. She was used to binding her breasts when she was training under the Double-Sword Demon-Slayer. It proved to be effective as a form of support and the speed of her movements slightly improved as a result. However, when she started school, she decided to try and be like everyone else since she was expecting a peaceful school year. Now that she knew it wasn't going to be a peaceful school year, she knew she had to be prepared.

With that in mind, she wrapped the bandages tightly around her chest area until her breasts appeared a few sizes smaller than they actually were. Once that was done, her eyes went down to her lower body. After a moment of more hesitation, she went to work on covering up her crotch with the bandages by making tight, yet flexible panties out of them. Once that was done, she got dressed, left the bathroom, and got ready for school in that order.

*****

The continuous spattering of the shower's water rang like a mantra through Heather's mind. She stood under the water for a long while, mulling over her unexpected predicament. She saw the date on the digital alarm clock and realized that she had lost two days worth of memories instead of one. The young cheerleader was so absorbed with her thoughts that she didn't notice the bathroom door opening.

"Oh, you're not done yet?" Sandra asked as she entered the bathroom. She closed the door behind her and dropped a change of clothes on top of the hamper. "Turns out my parents aren't home right now, so we're safe... for now anyway. I got you some clothes that might fit you and breakfast is on the table. Let me know when you're done. I can't go to school smelling like this, after all."

Heather peeked out from behind the shower curtain and noticed that Sandra was keeping her eyes on the clothes. She wondered how the violet-eyed girl could stay calm about all this. Then she remembered that the other girl wasn't acting very calm when they woke up next to each other. When Sandra turned to leave, Heather suggested, "Um... if you... don't mind, it'd be faster if we just showered together... because it's faster... and wastes less water."

Sandra kept quiet for what seemed like an eternity. Heather started mentally beating herself once she realized what she was suggesting. It didn't seem like a big deal to her at first because she always showered with other girls after cheerleading practice. Without a word, Sandra stepped out of the bathroom and closed the door behind her. Once she did, she leaned back against the door with her hands on the doorknob.

S-shower together? A-after what happened? Is she for real? Sandra thought to herself with an anguished expression on her face. She began to walk away, but only took a couple steps before she stopped and looked back. Her sharp violet eyes stared at the bathroom door for a couple of seconds, then she walked back in again. After locking the door, she smiled and said, "I just checked the time and I guess we really do have to shower together if we don't wanna be late."

*****

In apartment room 5011 of a fifty storey building, Tim was preparing eggs, bacon, toast, and sausages for breakfast. The morning sun shone through the sliding glass doors that led out to the concrete balcony. The sound of sizzling grease and of the fan above the stove filled the peaceful air.

"Mmm..." Eria roused from her sleep once the smell of freshly cooked bacon reached her nose. She slowly opened her eyes as the sun flooded them with light. While still lying in bed with the sheets up to her chin, she turned her head towards her master and noticed that he was making breakfast. "Master Tim? Why didn't you wake me? I could've made breakfast if you wanted."

"It's fine. Didn't want to wake you," Tim replied as he placed two sausages, a sunny side up fried egg, and four pieces of bacon on each of three plates he had out. He placed two of them on the coffee table, then walked over to Eria with the third plate in his hand. Reaching out with his free hand, the former assassin pulled back the covers revealing that Rebecca was tied-up and sleeping between Eria's legs.

Eria's wrists were tied together and pressed against the small of her back with each hand pressed close to or against the opposite elbow. All she wore was a white short-sleeved blouse with the buttons undone and nothing underneath, which meant her ringed breasts were exposed to the morning light. Her knees were bent and her ankles were shackled to Rebecca's with chains. Rebecca had to sleep face down with her ankles tied to her thighs and her arms tied behind her back in the same manner as Eria's arms. A ring gag was used to attach the mahogany-haired girl's mouth to the clips that decorated Eria's pussy. As a result, a lot of drool collected there.

The first thing Tim did was remove the clips from Eria's pussy, causing the light brown haired girl to squirm a little in pain. After that, he placed the plate of food that was in his hand under Rebecca's nose. He lightly shook Rebecca awake before removing the ring gag from her mouth so that she could eat. He didn't bother untying either girl and he had no intention to until breakfast was over. He took the two sausages on Rebecca's plate and stuffed them two thirds of the way into Eria's wet pussy and dry ass. Two pieces of bacon were placed on the inner thigh of each leg while the sunny side up egg was placed directly above the clitoris.

"Ah..." Eria moaned in pleasure as she felt the girl between her legs go after the pieces of bacon on her inner thighs. Her vaginal and anal walls gripped the warm sausages as her own juices mixed in with the grease. Her first orgasm that morning sent her into override mode when the yolk from the egg spilt onto her exposed clit. As that went on, Tim fetched another plate and started feeding the frenzied slave girl with a fork.

Eria probably had at least three orgasms before Rebecca was finally finished with her breakfast. Understandably, Eria still had quite a bit to go before she was finished hers. Setting Eria's plate down, Tim untied Rebecca's arms and legs before ordering her to clean up her mess. As Rebecca obediently licked up the grease and girl juice from Eria's pussy, Tim continued feeding Eria the rest of her breakfast.

Once Eria was done eating her breakfast, Tim released the two slave girls' ankles and undid Eria's arm bindings. Once both of them were released, he said, "Go shower together."

"Yes, Master," Eria and Rebecca bowed their heads at the same time, then went into the bathroom to shower together. Once Tim heard the water running, he went over to his own plate and ate his breakfast. His sharp ears picked up the sounds of giggling coming from behind the bathroom door, but decided to ignore it and let them have their fun.

*****

Meanwhile, Sandra and Heather were back-to-back under the constant stream of the warm shower they were awkwardly trying to enjoy. Both of them snuck curious glances at each other's body when they thought the other wasn't looking. However, they caught each other looking at the other's body at the same time and immediately looked away with embarrassed looks on their faces. When their backs accidentally touched, the two girls froze up at the same time.

"Um... I'm done, so..." Heather began as she turned her head to face Sandra's. When the other girl didn't respond, she added, "I need to get out."

"Huh?" Sandra snapped back to attention when she realized that she was the one standing in front of the curtains. She immediately turned around to move out of the way. "S-sure! I'll just..."

Heather maneuvered her way around Sandra to get to the curtains and leave the shower. As both girls tried to get out of each other's way, their nipples brushed lightly against each other causing a chill of pleasure up their spines and against their ashamed faces. As a result, Heather rushed out of there as fast as she could while Sandra accidentally drove her right thigh into the other girl's crotch. The chestnut haired girl quickly stumbled out of the shower and left the bathroom in a hurry.

"Um..." Sandra sweat dropped when she noticed that the change of clothes she prepared for Heather was still on top of the hamper. That meant that Heather was out in the hallway right now, naked and dripping wet. The violet eyed girl visibly relaxed when the chestnut haired girl came back inside the bathroom.

*****

"This is Super Monkey Fist Radio on 99.95 FM! Looks like we've got sunny skies today in-"

"Ugh..." Rock roused awake to the morning radio weather forecast being played on his clock radio. He grabbed the radio without even getting up and threw it out the window. A couple minutes after the sound of a screeching cat due to the flying radio, the youngster finally got up and got ready for school.

He looked around his room before throwing on a pair of sneakers and a jacket. After that, he was out the door and on his way to school.

Of course, as soon as he realized that he wasn't wearing any pants, he mugged the guy who was laughing at him and stole his jeans. Turns out those jeans were stolen from some other guy in the first place.

*****

"Hector! Wake up!" Sandra knocked on the door to her younger brother's room before making her way over to her younger sister's. "Dice! Wake up!"

"I thought you said no one was home," Heather said with wide open eyes.

"I said that my parents weren't home," Sandra explained. "I wasn't worried about those two. A bomb could go off and they wouldn't even notice. Jesus, they're still sleeping. Wake up or I'm gonna slash you with cold water!"

When neither Hector or Dice responded, Sandra sighed and headed off towards the bathroom to fetch a bucket of cold water. Unsure what to do, Heather decided to follow along and see what happened next.

*****

"I'm awake!" Trent shouted as he suddenly sat up in his desk. He blinked, then looked around the classroom to see that it was empty. His eyes turned towards the window and he noticed that the sun was rising. It was then he realized that he had been sleeping at his desk for the past eighteen or so hours. Scratching his head, he got up from his desk and headed for the washroom.

*****

"Ack... my head hurts from all this jumping around," Fallout groaned as he made his way to school. "Attention! Do not read any further if you are either too young, not allowed to view this kind of content in your region/area/whatever, offended by this kind of material, or related to the author by blood! In other words: Read at your own risk!"

"Little late there," Monica remarked.

"I know..." Fallout groaned again.









"Attention! Do not read any further if you are either too young, not allowed to view this kind of content in your region/area/whatever, offended by this kind of material, or related to the author by blood!" Trent announced as he read off a piece of paper. "In other words: Read at your own risk!"

"Does anyone ever listen?" Eria asked.

"Who knows? I wouldn't," Trent replied as he crammed the piece of paper into his mouth and swallowed it. "Mmm... minty!"

*****

The clear blue skies and the gentle breeze of the wind watched over the town below. The clouds above rolled along with flocks of chirping birds and themselves as their only company. With the setting sun halfway into the horizon, the shadows were long and stretched out into monstrous shapes. The blue skies slowly turned orange as though they were dyed with hot-blooded fire. This created the right kind of atmosphere needed for the training taking place atop the fifty story apartment building.

Four shots rang out.

Tim stood atop the roof of his apartment building with sunglasses on and a Glock gun in each hand. Both of them were pointed at the eight wooden poles that were around 100 feet away. All eight wooden poles were wearing the standard Dragon Skin body armour (it'd probably be the standard in the future... right?) and they were positioned so that four were in front and four directly behind them. Directly above the body amours where the necks would be were the bullet holes made by Tim's two guns. The bullet holes in the four front wooden poles reached all the way to the other side and in line with the holes in the rear wooden poles. The holes in the rear wooden poles were only an inch deep.

Four more shots rang out.

This time, the young assassin decided to survey the damage done to the wooden poles and examine them closely. He checked the bullet holes in the front wooden poles first. Each of the front wooden poles only had the single hole that stretched from one side to the other. Taking out an extra unused bullet, he placed the bullet into one of the holes and found that it was a perfect fit. He got the same result with the other three poles.

When he checked the rear poles, he found that they also only had a single hole each. However, this time they weren't only an inch deep. This time they stretched out from one side to the other. Using the same unused bullet as before, Tim checked to see if it fit perfectly into all the holes in the rear wooden poles, front and back.

They all passed.

"Master? Dinner's ready," Eria called out as she poked her head over the rooftop. One of the benefits of living on the highest level of a rundown apartment building was the easy access to the rooftop. All Eria needed was the rickety old wooden ladder that was already out on the balcony and the courage to use it. Ever since Eria started living with him, Tim considered getting an actual metal staircase with railings installed. However, Eria assured him that she was just fine with using the ladder and installing a staircase would be too much trouble.

"I'll be done soon," Tim replied as he made his way back to the spot he fired his shots from. As he made his way back, he thought about the training he received over the weekend when he was in Sera's "backyard". With the images of the training clear in his mind, he concentrated on surrounding himself with as much chi as possible. As soon as he reached his firing position 100 feet away from the wooden poles, the dark yellow chi around his hands had already enveloped his guns. He turned around and fired.

Another four shots rang through the air.

*****
Title: WTF High's School Defense Force - Lesson XI
Class: 4D
Room: 104
What do you get if you cross a lollipop with a pussy?
*****

"I'm sorry! I'm really sorry! Please stop!" Metal Mask pleaded as she cried out in pain. She was wearing her metallic mask as usual and her long brown hair with pink bangs was tied back into a ponytail. A piece of red string with two bells encircled each long side-burn as they swayed from side to side. Instead of her usual sunglasses, she wore a black blindfold around her head as commanded by her new master, Liowyuhgu the orange demon.

"You were the one who summoned us to catch a blonde wench, a slayer bitch, and a berserker bastard," The orange demon growled bitterly as he clenched the cat o' nine tails in his right hand. His eyes were narrowed and concentrated, though it didn't appear as though he was completely focused on the bound girl before him. "You never told us what kind of people you were sending us after. It's bad enough that you never mentioned anything about that Kenjutsu brat being the Double Sword Demon Slayer's disciple, but you left out the fact that "some guy" was actually a berserker! Then there's that gunslinger, that invincible summoner, and that... other blonde freak you oh-so conveniently forgot to mention. What's more... that blonde bitch you wanted back alive turned out to be that deadly pair's eldest daughter. Now Mianngu and Koougu are dead because of you! You really expect me to stop after sending us on such a suicide mission?"

After the initial attack on certain students of Windroy Twelve Forrest Secondary School, Metal Mask did her best to hide from her demons. She received word around two days after the attack that the blue and red demons were killed, but the orange one was still alive. With two less demons to worry about, the masked woman got sloppy and that led to her capture four days later. Now she was at the mercy of the very demon whose comrades were led to death by her request.

"I-I... I didn't mean to! Honest!" Metal Mask continued to beg for mercy as she hung there upside down from the ceiling. Her ankles were shackled together and attached by a single chain to several eye bolts that were planted into the ceiling. Her voluptuous breasts were bound from the top and bottom by even more chains. Her hands were stretched out until they were almost touching the floor below her head with the wrists cuffed tightly together. The cuffs applied to her wrists were put on so tight that there was blood trickling painfully down her throbbing purple hands.

The back of the masked girl's body was covered with angry red welts from the demon's whipping earlier. The buttocks in particular suffered the most damage from the cat o' nine tails. There were also serious bruises all over her body, indicating that more than just the whipping occurred. The orange demon wanted revenge so badly that he lashed out with his tails at first, but after several beatings he decided he wanted to keep the girl alive for future torments. Once he made up his mind about letting the girl live as his new slave, he settled on finishing her punishment with a good old fashioned whipping.

"Had enough?" Liowyuhgu growled as soon as he stopped whipping the masked girl. Dropping the cat o' nine tails, he stepped back and made a signal with his left hand. As soon as he made the signal, Lana and Jenna stepped forth into view with instruments of torture in their hands. The orange demon chuckled, "That's your cue, my pets."

"Yes master," Both Jenna and Lana said at the same time. Jenna carried a lit red candle in her right hand and a cup of salt in her left hand. She wore a black French maid's outfit that was sleeveless and the hem of the skirt reached only past her pussy. She also wore four inch heels with locks on them so that she was unable to take them off herself. The locks on the heels were also attached to each other by a thin strand of wire, which effectively acted as a hobble. Due to the short skirt of the uniform, it was also quite obvious that she had no panties on at the moment. The orange demon couldn't help but give the brown haired girl a rough pat on the ass.

On the other hand, Lana wore a red leather collar around her neck along with a matching red under bust corset around her waist. Both of her nipples were ringed and attached to her collar by chains, causing them to remain erected at all times. She also wore a black ring gag around her head, preventing her from speaking and closing her mouth at the same time. A single silver chain was attached to the underside of the stud in her tongue and ran all the way down to the clitoris hidden behind the chastity belt she was forced to wear. She held in her right hand a plastic bag full of wooden clothespins.

"Wh-what do you think you're doing with those?!" Metal Mask exclaimed with a frightened look on her face. She wriggled about in her bonds, but gave up as soon as she knew it was futile. Her hands were so numb at this point that she couldn't even feel them anymore. The welts on her back stung like hell and her breasts were getting chaffed by the chains binding them together. However, she knew such pain was only the beginning of the long and arduous punishment her demonic master had in store for her.

Lana was careful to keep her head down at all times to keep from pulling on the chain attached to her clitoris. Since she was forced to wear the chastity belt, she had been denied any orgasms and was tempted numerous times to pull on the chain to reach it on her own. However, she was once caught by Liowyuhgu right before she reached one and was punished severely as a result. Since then, she became afraid to disobey the orange demon and followed any and all orders she was given. With the memory of the punishment in mind, Lana knelt down in front of the bound masked woman and attached the first wooden clothespin to the left nipple.

"Ah..." Metal Mask struggled in pain as she felt the clothespins on her nipples. Behind the blindfold, her eyes were squeezing tightly in an effort to overcome the burning sensation on her breasts. Tears started pouring out of those eyes as soon as the salt hit the welts on her back and buttocks. Jenna slid the bottom of the lit candle into the masked woman's pussy and positioned it so that the wax dripped onto the thin layer of skin between the pussy and the anus. With one hand free, she was able to proceed with sprinkling salt all over her former captor's whip wounds.

As Jenna sprinkled the salt, Lana decorated the bound girl's breasts with 10 clothespins; five on each breast. Realizing that there were only ten more clothespins left to use, she got to her feet and turned her attention on the vulnerable cunt lips before her. Jenna stopped sprinkling the salt once she realized that her fellow prisoner was done with the breasts. Setting the cup of salt down, she pulled out the candle out of Metal Mask's pussy and started dripping wax all over the bound girl's back. Lana attached three clothespins to each of the masked woman's cunt lip and one to each buttock. She held the next one as wide as she could before attaching it to the layer of flesh between the pussy and the anus. The final one was attached directly to the exposed clit.

Metal Mask gave out a bloodcurdling scream once the last two clothespins were clipped in place. She was very close to passing out once she felt that last clothespin on her sensitive little love nub. All of her muscles tightened up so much in response to the pain that she barely noticed the burning wax dripping all over her back. She was ready and willing to do anything to get the clothespins off her pussy, but she knew that there was no way that was going to happen anytime soon. She learnt soon after her capture that Liowyuhgu was a cruel bastard when it came to torturing his prey.

"P-Ple-Please... l-let... let... me..." The masked woman continued sobbing through her metallic mask. She stopped struggling with her bindings and simply hung there upside down with a pool of her own blood directly underneath her purpled hands. She didn't even try to resist when she felt a stream of hot piss hit her face.

With the plastic bag now empty, Lana had only one task left before she was allowed to sit and watch the rest of her former captor's punishment. She carefully straddled her legs so that her pussy was directly over the masked woman's face. Once she was in position, she let loose a stream of piss through the grillwork of her chastity belt and all over the masked woman's face. Unfortunately for Metal Mask, the mask did not block out all the piss for most of it slipped through along the chin and pooled all over her mouth. Since Lana's piss did not leave through the other side, it filled up the mask and stayed there until the bound girl was forced to swallow it all up. Once she was done, Jenna slipped the candle back into the masked woman's pussy and took her turn pissing all over the bound girl's face.

"Excellent work, girls," Liowyuhgu grinned maliciously as soon as his new sex slaves returned to his sides. He cupped each girl's chin in an affectionate yet authoritative manner and stared evilly into their beautifully glazed eyes. "Both of you will be rewarded tonight. Lana, my pet... I'll allow you an orgasm tonight."

"Thank you, master!" Lana exclaimed at once with excitement in her glazed eyes. She had waited so long for this and now it was finally here!

"Thank you, master!" Jenna tried to emulate Lana's excitement, but unlike her fellow prisoner she was not denied any orgasms since her capture.

"Now sit back and watch as I teach this bitch a lesson about messing with demons," Liowyuhgu smirked as he approached the bound masked woman yet again. In each of his hands he held a long and sturdy cane made especially for spanking naughty little girls like the one hung helplessly before him.

Metal Mask whimpered before the first two strikes struck their marks.

*****

"Back in the day, the Glock had a pretty popular reputation as the plastic pistol that could get pass metal detectors and other security screening devices. So... I bought them."

"Is that why you use them, Shihfu?"

Shihfu carefully took aim at the inanimate target before him.

"That's right. I totally bought that myth when I heard it."

"...?"

Bang! Head shot at 25 feet.

"There's no such thing as a gun invisible to metal detectors. Even if there was such a gun, the bullets inside would still are detectable. That's what I learnt as soon as I bought them."

"But... yours are undetectable. I've seen you go through metal detectors with them without any problems."

Bang! Neck shot at 50 feet.

"The ones I have are different. These aren't normal Glocks. They're X0-series Glocks. After the Glock 45 was made, a new line of undetectable pistols branched out and became the X0-series. The ones the police and military use are from the regular Glock-series. The ones I use are from the undetectable X0-series that you can't legally get anywhere."

"Then the ones you first bought were..."

Bang! Bang! Right through the eyes at 100 feet.

"Antique Glock 39s that came out more than a decade ago in 2005. Here, it's your turn. You'll notice this one's a bit more powerful than the ones you're used to."

"....."

Bang! Klang!

"....."

"....."

"First time I've seen a gun fly out of a guy's hand like that."

"....."

"Pick it up and try again."

"Yes, Shihfu."

"This time, use this chain and tie it to your hand."

"Yes, Shihfu."

"There're a hundred cartridges in this box here. Keep trying till you run out, understand?"

"Yes..."

*****

Tim's eyes slowly cracked open to the view of the white ceiling above him. He lay in bed with the sheets up to his armpits and his hands by his side. For some reason, he didn't feel like getting up today.

As he lay there, he remembered the time when he first fired an X0-series Glock and how it flew out of his hand as soon as he pulled the trigger. The sheer force behind the recoil stung his hand badly and caused him to flinch in pain, resulting in a miss. The young former assassin also remembered how his Shihfu had him fire the gun over and over again until he got it right. In the end, all one hundred cartridges were used up and only a few lucky shots managed to hit the target in non-lethal areas like the ears, shoulders, and thighs. Although the chain kept him the gun from flying out of his hands again, the recoils did enough damage to his right hand to make it bleed a river of blood.

It only took a couple of seconds for Tim to realize that he wasn't in his apartment anymore. Once his brain caught up, he turned his head to the side and immediately realized that he was in the hospital. When he tried to get up, he was quick to notice that both of his hands were wrapped in bandages!

Tim urgently sat up, causing the clean white sheets covering him to fall to his waist. Breathing heavily, he examined his bandaged hands with the same sharp and calm look in his eyes. When he felt his fingers move slightly through the bandages, his breathing slowed down to a normal rate. He wouldn't be able to write let alone shoot a gun for a while, but the injuries didn't appear as serious as he first thought.

The guns exploded.

Tim remembered.

That's why he was here.

The guns exploded and knocked him out.

"Mmm..." A familiar voice moaned. Tim looked down to see that the voice belonged to Eria, who was resting her head atop the bed. The little slave girl was fast asleep despite the afternoon sun bathing her long light brown hair with crisp autumn light. Her sweet child-like face breathed peacefully as she snuggled up to the warmth of her master's bed sheets. The normally cold and distant young man couldn't help but brush back the older girl's hair in an affectionate manner and give her a serene smile.

Unlike for other people, Tim didn't need to use his sharp piercing eyes to know how worried Eria must have been. The poor girl was probably scared to death and stayed by her master's side all this time. The two of them had known each other for a little over three months, but it felt like they had known each other all their life. Leaning back against the white bars that made up the headboard, Tim placed his hand on Eria's head and enjoyed the peace and tranquillity.

*****

Knock! Knock!

"Coming!"

Bam!!! Bam!!!

"I said I'm coming!" Derek shouted as he continued channel-surfing with no real intention of getting up and answering the door. When the door-banging did not stop, he reluctantly got up and answered the door.

"Package for a Mr. Derek? Uh... this address here is right, right?" The postman scratched his head as he held out a very thick envelope out to the youngster. The man was acting strangely, as though something might jump out of nowhere or something. His hat was lowered to the point where his eyes were hidden in darkness, but it was evident that there was fear in them.

"Eh?" Derek accepted the envelope and was surprised at its weight. He was even more surprised when he saw who it was from. "It's from my dad! Eh? Kenya? I thought he and mom were in Egypt. Huh..."

"Okay, gotta go! See ya!" The postman suddenly exclaimed hastily as he ran off as fast as he could.

"Whoa! Hey! Wait! Don't you need me to sign anything?" Derek shouted after the postman, but it didn't look as though the postman heard him. Shrugging his shoulders, he opened up the envelope and a golden brown book fell out onto his awaiting hand. Puzzled as to why his dad would send him a book, he opened it up and was even more puzzled to see that it was completely blank! Well... completely blank save for the very last page, which read:

"Hey champ! Found your magic yet?
-Dad"

*****

"So... this is where the source of that last spike in energy level readings took place, huh?" A younger teenager who couldn't be over fourteen remarked as he stood next to the creek where the burnt bridge laid in shambles. The intrigued young man had short blonde hair and swampy green eyes. Tucked under his arm was a laptop with what appeared to be five differently coloured gems embedded into the back of the screen. "Well... second last spike, anyway."

"Hey, !X says he found a lead to that surge of energy you picked up last night," The voice of a girl around seventeen called out to the younger teen. She had short curly brown hair with string-like sideburns and soft brown eyes. "You wanna check it out? It's not that far from here."

"Where's it at?"

*****

"I'm already here," X!, AKA Click announced as he stood in front of a hospital. His left eye appeared glazed for a second, and then it turned completely around revealing that it was a mechanical eye! The left eye now looked completely mechanical with a glowing red pupil in the middle. With this, he was able to see into the hospital and find his target. "I'm going in."









"You haven't written a chapter in close to... a year! What's up with that?" Rock asked angrily as he pointed accusingly at the Mysterious Author.

"Well it's still better than... uh... er..." The Mysterious Author thought about it for a moment. "Yeah, you're right. It's the longest period of time this series has gone without a chapter, huh?"

"Damn right! Now where's my back story you promised me?!"

"Been working on it... and so far, I came up with four different back stories for you, all of which end with you getting beaten up," The Mysterious Author replied before turning toward the computer. "Hmm... maybe I can just merge them all into one... ah... the comp crashed."

"What?"

"The comp crashed, but don't worry. I saved it on my MP3 Player."

"The same MP3 Player you accidentally dropped into the toilet."

"Yeah, that same... oh..."

"What the hell, man? Am I gonna go without a past for another 12 chapters?" Rock growled as he grabbed the Mysterious Author by the shirt collar.

"The central character doesn't have a past yet, either."

"The central character's not important enough to have a proper name, either."

"Good point."

*****
Title: WTF High's School Defence Force - Lesson XII
Class: 4D
Room: 104
Where's my candy, dammit?! ("&gt;_&lt;)
*****

"Pretty crowded these days, huh?" Rock remarked as he looked around at the other people walking along the sidewalk. "Gonna be pretty hard walking through all this."

"It is hard enough just keeping this guy from running loose," Monica replied as she dragged Trent by the collar and away from another fire hydrant. Today, her hair was a little different. They were tied into two long pigtails flowing along the side of her head.

"Heh... dogs piss on it..." Trent chuckled mostly to himself. "They use dog piss to put out fires."

"By the way, did we just cross the street while the sign told us not to?" Rock asked as he looked behind his shoulder.

"We did? I guess we did not notice from following the sea of people," Monica replied.

"True... not like you can just stop in a crowd walking in one direction," Rock smirked. "So which hospital's Tim at? Heard he blew off both his hands or something while trying that Chi thing?"

"He tried to add spiritual energy to his guns, but they overloaded and burnt his hands," Monica explained as she pulled Trent away from an old vending machine.

"Know what? Screw this, I'm going on ahead of you guys," Trent laughed right before changing into his dog form in public. Shrugging off his clothes, the golden retriever dashed past the sea of human legs and made his way toward the hospital.

"Wha... wait a minute/moment," Rock and Monica exclaimed at the same time. Glancing around to see if anyone noticed, they hurriedly picked up their friend's clothes.

"Well... I guess that's one way to get past a crowd of people," Rock scratched his head. After a couple seconds, he blinked and asked, "By the way... where'd Needler go? That's what we're calling him today, by the way."

"Eh? He was here a moment ago," Monica glanced around, but couldn't find Needler anywhere.

Meanwhile...

"Ah... excuse me... no... Please go ahead..." Needler said as he tried to navigate his way through the sea of people. Looking past the crowd, he could barely see that his friends were already two blocks ahead of him. "Ah, wait a minute. Sorry! Someone pushed me into you. Um... do you need help with those?"

*****

"So what do the readings say? Any signs from the hospital?" Behind the wheel of a Lexus LF was a young teenaged girl around the age of seventeen. She had short curly brown hair with string-like sideburns and soft brown eyes. She wore a bright green tank-top and a pair of dark green jeans. Encircling her left wrist was a friendship bracelet. She glanced at her passenger. "John?"

"No, there aren't any," John replied as he clacked away at his laptop. He couldn't be over fourteen, yet the shape of his eyes and his mature demeanour made him appear older. "!X has never been wrong before, but it's still a little strange for one of them to leave no trace behind whatsoever. Even you, Synn, are showing up on my radar right now. It's fine while you're still in the car, but remember to hide it before you leave this time, alright?"

"Are you sure it's one of them?" Synn asked as she made a right turn at an intersection. "First the bridge behind the school building, and then the top of an apartment building? Seems kind of random."

"Trust me. No normal human being can cause a signal as big as those. Even elite psychics can only barely touch that level," John replied. "Huh... well this is interesting. Looks like we're gonna have to make a short stop pretty soon."

"Another lead?" Synn asked.

"Another lead," John confirmed.

*****

In an alleyway behind a restaurant, one of the part-time waitresses was taking out the trash. The stench of the dark and narrow space filled the air and the buzzing of the flies could easily be heard, but she was getting used to it by now. With some effort, she heaved the black bag of trash over into the dumpster, and then headed back inside. Unfortunately for her, she found it to be locked.

"Hey, c'mon! Open up! I'm locked out!" She shouted as she started pounding at the door. She looked to still be in her teens or at least college age. Her dark brown hair was tied into two short pigtails and her azure blue eyes looked lively with her freckled face.

Click! The door opened wide.

"Why's the light out?" She asked as she tried to peer into the darkness. Fumbling around for a bit, she finally reached the switch and turned it on.

Then she screamed.

Backing away from the kitchen, she turned around and bolted back into the alleyway and tried to find the nearest exit. Unfortunately for her, the nearest way out was blocked by a two storey wooden fence and the shop next door was closed for today. In her mind, there was absolutely no time to waste trying to climb the fence and opted to head for the intersection between alleyways for an exit.

"Heh... can't have a witness getting away like that," A voice smirked from within the once dark and silent kitchen. The voice belonged to a young man with messy platinum blonde hair and emerald green eyes. He was slightly tanner than your average beach-goer and had a pretty sturdy built. Protruding from his sleeves and from underneath his hunter green jacket were orange tendrils around an inch thick and several feet long.

Hanging from one of his tendrils by the hair was the dismembered head of the head cook. The fresh blood of the victim still dripped from the ripped jugular and splattered all over the steps leading up to the backdoor of the restaurant. Swinging the head gently from side to side, the young man tossed it into the dumpster and a grin etched maliciously across his face as he heard it smack against a bag of trash. With that out of the way, he started going after the waitress.

*****

"Take a left turn right here," John directed as he followed the radar on his laptop.

Synn responded by drifting the car at the intersection, cutting off a pick-up truck. After that, she swerve through traffic with expert timing and amazingly enough avoided causing any major traffic accidents. To the adults who act like kids... don't try this with your own car... or anyone else's car for that matter. In fact, if you were planning to try this, don't drive at all.

*****

"Do you feel that?" Monica asked as she narrowed her eyes and turned toward the source of energy she was picking up. She cursed herself for not bringing along her sword. She knew she could have carried it in a duffle bag or something, but figured she wouldn't need it for today.

"What, you mean right now?" Rock asked as he turned toward the same direction Monica was facing. "Now that you mention it... yeah. You wanna check it out or something?"

"Of course," Monica nodded her head as the two of them changed their destination.

*****

"Eria, wait here for me," Tim said as he threw his trench coat on and headed for the door. His bandaged hands were only slightly hidden by the sleeves, but they were less noticeable now. As he passed by Eria, he gently trailed his fingers through her hair and did it in a careful and cautious manner so as not to wake her up. "I just need to take care of something."

The door used handles instead of knobs, so opening it wasn't that hard. As Tim walked out of the hospital room, he tucked his hands inside his pockets. He made his way through the hospital without attracting any attention to himself until he was standing in front of the door to a room that was in a completely different section from his own.

Narrowing his eyes, the young man stared down at the door handle for a few short seconds before finally placing his bandaged hands on it. He straightened himself out in his mind first, and then pushed down on the handle. Stepping through the door, the first thing he noticed was the glaring sunlight coming through the window.

"Oh? How rare. Came to visit?" A middle-aged man chuckled once he noticed Tim at the door. His arms were almost like sticks and his hair most likely shedding away. Under the crimson eyes were thick black bags, which were good indicators as to the condition he was in. Despite his frail and sickly appearance, he grinned savagely as he asked, "Played with fire and got burnt, did you? Not exactly your usual cool self, huh?"

"That wasn't a very good joke," Tim replied with an indifferent tone to his voice. He sighed, and then added, "Shihfu..."

*****

The walls of the dark alley appeared smaller than they were before. The scent of rotting meat whizzed by as the rapid footsteps pounded away at the ground below. It was almost as if the air was taken away and replaced with toxic fumes. Just trying to move through the shadows between the towering buildings was like trying to move while waist-deep in mud.

What was that thing? What's going on? The terrified waitress asked herself as she tried to fine an exit out of the alleyway. Though she was running as fast as she could for dear life, the exit still seemed so far away! She could feel her own blood rushing around her heart as though intending to crush her lungs from the inside. What she couldn't believe the most was that she could still hear the calm footsteps of the monster closing in on her from behind. As soon as she reached the intersection, she found herself in another bind. "Ah..."

Closing off the intersection were super thin lines that could not be seen easily unless you were up close to them. They were all strung horizontally and around 10cm apart. Despite their thinness, they were very durable and before she knew it, the waitress found herself entangled by them. The lines bound her arms to her body and her legs together as they cut sharply against her skin. She struggled to get out of them, but once she felt some unseen force pulling against her hair, her attention was drawn towards it.

"My oh my, look at what the hair's dragged in," a feminine voice mocked from the shadows. The waitress' eyes looked forward and right in front of her was a young woman wearing a nasty expression on her face. With her platinum blond hair and emerald green eyes, one could deduce that she could be related to the young man with the orange tendrils. Her well-groomed and lively-looking hair reached all the way down just above the hell of her platform boots. She wore a white winter coat over a white dress with shoulder straps and whose hem reached down to the foot of her boots.

"I found her first, Neon," the young man with the orange tendrils smirked as soon as he reached the two girls. The sadistic bloodthirsty look on his face was still there.

"Too bad cause I caught her first, Krypt," Neon replied with an equally bloodthirsty look on her face. As though with a life of their own, her hair started growing rapidly as they reached out toward the bound waitress. The first thing they did was touch the name-tag pinned to the shirt, then ripped it away for Neon to see. "So her name's Gina. What a lovely name for a maiden about to die."

Gina was too horror-struck to say anything and simply hung there with tears of pain running down her cheeks. More of Neon's hair hung down from the rooftops and entwined themselves in the whimpering girl's hair. That was the invisible force that was forcing the poor girl painfully off the ground. With the wire-like hair cutting into her skin and her whole body weight pulling by her the hair, there was nothing for her to do except scream for help. Unfortunately, whatever sound she managed to get out was drowned out by traffic before a small blade was pressed up against her throat. That blade came from the end of one of Krypt's tendrils.

"Hey now, she might get too much attention next time she screams," Krypt smirked as he used two of his tendrils to lift Gina by the shoulders so that she was no longer hanging by her hair. The rest of his tendrils slithered forth through the air to touch the girl in some more intimate places.

"Don't make me repeat myself," Neon growled as several strands of her hair snatched the tendrils before they could reach her prey. She released her hold on the waitress' hair, but she continued glaring angrily at Krypt. Krypt got the message and released his hold on Gina's shoulders before backing off. Satisfied, Neon drew back all the hair that was binding Gina and watched as the terrified waitress drop down to her knees.

"Come on, Neon. We can share this one, right?" Krypt asked with a coy smile on his face.

"You had your fun already," Neon replied with an equally coy smile on her face.

"This and that are different kinds of fun," Krypt answered. "Besides, we always have the most fun when we share, don't we?"

"Fine... but you owe me one, got that?" Neon didn't wait for an answer before turning her attention back on the prey she caught.

Gina could easily feel the stings left behind by the strands of hair and when she looked down, she noticed all the cuts in her clothes. Whatever that hair was made out of, she wouldn't be surprised if it was capable of cutting through flesh like a knife through hot butter. Shivering in fear, she found herself unable to look up at her predators' faces. She wanted to believe that all of this was just a dream, but the pain left behind from having her hair pulled and being bound by super strong hair kept her from doing so. Suddenly, she felt something pulling on her tongue. Looking down, Gina realized that Neon managed to slip a strand of hair into her mouth and around her tongue!

"It's quite simple, really. Do as I say or you'll get punished. Speak without permission and you'll get your tongue cut off," Neon grinned sadistically as she tugged on her victim's tongue to accentuate each point. Without warning, she started moving backwards while holding the strand of hair in her fingertips. With a playful tone of voice, she singed, "If you want to keep your tongue, you better start crawling."

Widening her eyes in fear, Gina quickly crawled after the cruel woman as soon as she felt the strand go taut. As she crawled, she felt something tugging against her pants. Afraid to look back, she continued following the sadistic woman as her pants continued slipping off of her legs. Of course, Krypt and his tendrils were behind this and he was rewarded with a very alluring view of the pigtailed girl's buttocks. Unfortunately, the pink cotton panties were still in the way. Fortunately, panties were easy to shred.

Panicking, Gina quickly kicked off her shoes and scrambled out of her pants. Her eyes followed the strand of hair and as the slack became tighter, her heart pounded faster.

"Good, we'll stop here," Neon smirked as she released the strand of hair. As it floated to the ground, the platinum blonde woman crouched down and moved her face closer to her prey's. Grabbing hold of the small pigtails, she forced Gina to look up into her hypnotic emerald eyes. As soon as Neon saw the terrified look on the girl's face and felt the uncontrollable shiver from the girl's body, she was instantly turned on. Growing horny by the second, the blonde girl leaned her head in and licked the trails of tears up to the eyes, one at a time.

Krypt's malicious grin appeared. His tendrils went to work and tore apart Gina's panties with ease. With the two orifices suddenly in view, he could no longer control his desires anymore. Two tendrils wrapped around the waitress' waist to as to act as her supports. Another two tendrils wrapped around the ankles to keep them in place. The last two went directly for the pussy and the anus.

Gasping with pain and shock, Gina felt her two holes suddenly violated without warning! As the tendrils forced their way in, the young waitress attempted to struggle but was held in place by both the tendrils on her ankles and the hands on her pigtails. Since her hands were still free, she found herself wrapping her arms around Neon's body for a reason she could not think of. Smiling, Neon reached up under her jacket and slipped the straps of her dress over her shoulders. She pulled down the top of her dress until both of her ample breasts were exposed. Taking the girl by the pigtails again, the blonde woman forced Gina's face against her breasts.

Gina continued shuddering in pain as more and more of the tendrils were driven deeper into both canals. She barely even noticed her pussy getting wet from all the attention as it slicked up the orange tendril that thrashed about wildly against the vaginal walls. The asshole, on the other hand, had no natural fluids that could ease the pain and suffering of the invading tendril. Desperate for relief from the pain, Gina concentrated as much as she could on the tiny speck of pleasure she was getting from the tendril in her pussy. Before she knew it, the speck snowballed until she found herself enjoying her rough treatment!

Wanting her prey to pay more attention to her, Neon brought on of her nipples up to Gina's mouth. With her mind overridden with an impending orgasm, the young waitress took the nipple into her mouth and started sucking away at it. Her tongue flicked up against the very tip as her saliva rushed out in waves to greet the skin of the dominant woman. There was so much saliva, in fact, that it came out from the side of the mouth as drool.

"Mmm... I can't hold back anymore..." Neon purred as she gently stroked the newly submissive girl's dark brown hair. Standing back up again, she hiked up the hem of her white dress until the hem was above her knees. Once that was done, she sat down on the ground with her legs straight out and spread before her victim's eyes. Lifted the front part of her dress, she forced Gina's face down onto her crotch. Unable to disobey, Gina planted the palm of her hands against the ground and allowed her head to vanish under the dress.

"I think it's about time to take it up a notch," Krypt smirked as even more tendrils sprouted from various openings in his clothes. Curious as to how much the young waitress could take, he forced two more tendrils past the cunt lips so that there were three tendrils in the pussy at the same time. Grinning as soon as he heard the howl of pain under Neon's dress, he sent another two tendrils to join the first three.

Gina's face was wet with tears, saliva, sweat, and the flowing fluids of the more dominant woman. All the muscles in her body tightened as one as she felt more intruders making their way into her cunt. She felt the five tendrils writhing wildly and independently from each other. Her fingers closed and she clenched her fist in pain. Just when she thought it couldn't get any worse, she felt the tips of two more poking around her dark star.

"Don't you dare think about coming out till you're done," Neon growled with a sadistic smirk on her face. With both hands, she grabbed hold of Gina's head through her dress and kept the wailing girl at her crotch.

Cling!

"Hmm?" Krypt smirked as he looked into the corner of his left eye. The source of the metallic sound came from the metre-long iron bar striking the side of the tendril monster's neck. With his index and middle fingers, he took hold of the tip of the iron bar. "What do you think you're doing?"

"*The hell?*" Monica's eyes widened when she realized her surprise attack didn't work.

"Not even a scratch?" Rock was just as shocked as his friend. He immediately snapped out of it and charged toward Krypt. "Fine then. We'll just try brute force!"

"Brute force you say?" Krypt grinned at those words. One of his unused tendrils flew out at the charging youngster. Right before impact, hundreds of small blades sprouted all over the tendril. Just like that, Rock was knocked aside and into one of the walls as a spray of blood covered the ground. The wall easily crumbled under the sheer force of the tendril and the empty room behind it came into view. However, Krypt was not quite done with his new victim just yet.

Rock gasped in pain as blood poured out from the side of his stomach. He felt something wrap around his ankle and found himself dragged out from under the pile of debris. Still shaken from the initial attack, he was unable to do anything to escape the second one. Before he knew it, he was flung through the air and slammed head first into the ground!

Monica looked on with a horrified look on her face as her friend was smashed against the concrete floor of the alleyway. Shattered pieces of the broken ground flew through the air as though to act as indicators of how much damage was done to Rock. One particular small piece of debris flew toward Monica's left eye as she stood frozen to the spot. It was until she blinked that she noticed the piece of debris was a mere half a centimetre from her eye.

Clang!

"Didn't you learn the first time?" Krypt sighed after the iron bar smashed against the top of his head. Releasing his hold on Rock's ankle, he brought up all of his remaining tentacles and all of them sprouted small blades.

Clatter...

Krypt paused for a second... then looked down. At his feet was a broken half of the iron bar used to smash his head in. It was only after seeing this that he started to comprehend the strength of the Japanese girl.

"*Heh... this ain't gonna help no more...*" Monica smirked as she tossed the broken iron bar away. By some sheer luck, she came across a bunch of iron bars that someone tossed out. Those same bunches of bars were inside the dumpster that was right beside her. Grabbing two of them, she faced her demonic opponent once more.

Amused by this new prey's determination, Krypt brought up his tendrils and advanced on the teenaged girl. While the idea of having two terrified young babes to play with got his blood going, the thought of taking down strong women and making them beg for mercy really got him going. He didn't mind a challenge and knew he wouldn't be disappointed once he got through with this girl.

"Hold it," Rock growled as he suddenly got to his feet. A tendril was thrown his way, but he already anticipated it and caught it with both hands. He didn't even wince when the small blades cut deeply into his hands and covered them with more blood. Before Krypt knew it, it was he who was flung through the air and slammed head first into the ground. The resulting impact was not unlike the one he did with Rock.

"Oh? That's some interesting prey there," Neon licked her lips as she watched the battle unfold before her eyes. As she stood up, Gina remained on the ground on all fours at the demoness' feet. Gina's face was covered with the hair monster's juices and her eyes seemed too had lost their light. Completely entranced, the waitress lowered her head and rubbed her cheek against Neon's ankle in hopes of getting her attention. Unfortunately, all she got was a kick to the ribs that sent her crashing against the wall. Neon smiled to herself, "Those new toys are much more interesting. I can't wait to play with them."

"Wait a moment! How are you even still standing?" Monica asked as she stared at Rock with her mouth gaped open.

"What? You mean these?" Rock asked casually as he pointed at the wounds in his stomach. "Just a bunch of scratches. No need to worry."

"You are bleeding everywhere," Monica gasped. "Are you really okay?"

"What about you? Your pride still in one piece?" Rock smirked as he turned his attention toward the two monsters.

"None of your business," Monica grumbled in response.

"Looks like we've got our work cut out for us this time," Krypt chuckled as he rose to his feet. As he dusted himself off, he addressed Neon, "So how you wanna do this?"

"Well... I think we should at least have our little fun elsewhere," Neon replied with a grin on her face. "Someone might had already walked in on that little paint job you left behind and with all that ruckus, someone's bound to call the cops by now."

"Looks like it's your lucky day," Krypt addressed Monica and Rock with a sadistic grin as he withdrew his tentacles back under his clothes. Neon followed suit with her hair and the two of them started backing off. "I won't blame you if you choose to run away, but if you don't want things to end like this, then come along into the battlefield."

"Come back here and fight!" Monica shouted angrily as she ran off after Krypt and Neon. Looking over her shoulder, she told Rock, "You get the girl to a hospital."

"Like hell I'm letting you face those monsters alone," Rock growled as he got ready to follow after his friend. However, he stopped as soon as he felt a hand on his ankle. Looking down, his eyes met the waitress' and he knew he had to stay behind after all. Sighing, he lit up a cigarette for himself before crouching down to help the girl. "Don't worry, I'm not going anywhere."

*****

"Hmm? Looks like they've started moving and pretty quickly, too," John remarked as soon as he noticed the signals. "Still can't tell what we're dealing with just yet. Might have to find out the old-fashioned way."

"That's fine by me," Synn replied. "How much longer?"

"Hmm... we might be able to cut off the signal's path right around... turn here and stop."

Synn quickly obeyed and the car swerved sharply to the left before entering an underground parking lot. The parking lot they entered was pretty much empty, which wasn't surprising given that the shopping mall above was closed down for renovations. The parking lot was still open to the public, though, which was kind of pointless. Half the fluorescent lights above were burnt out and weren't going to be replaced any time soon. Drops of water from a leaking pipe above splattered against a forming puddle on the cement floor below. Synn parked the car in a space in front of a wall to get a better view of the parking lot.

"*Heh... an isolated underground parking lot away from the public eye, huh?*" Monica smirked as soon as she entered the underground parking lot. After running a couple blocks worth of distance, she was able to follow the demons to this place. Her hands clenched tightly around the metal bars she brought along from the alleyway, though she knew they weren't of any use by themselves. She knew that if she was to have any chance of winning, she had to use more than just brute force.

"Synn..." John nodded his head toward Monica as soon as he noticed her. "The signal..."

"Is it coming from her?" Synn asked as she opened up a compartment behind the hand brake.

"Still can't tell, but these readings are much higher than a normal human being's," John replied as he clacked away on his laptop. On the monitor was a night-vision image of Monica looking around for her enemies. "I'm getting approximately 17 kJ from her."

"That high, huh? Definitely not human. Might be tough," Synn remarked as she unlocked her side of the door. Getting out of the car, she slammed the door shut and approached the sword girl.

Hmm... she looks kind of familiar... John thought. Where have I seen her before?

"*Hmm? Bystanders? Not good,*" Monica muttered once she noticed Synn getting out of the car behind her. "Excuse me, but this place is dang-"

"Save it," Synn growled as she quickly closed the distance. In both hands, she wielded tonfa made out of reinforced steel. With one savage swing, she brought her right tonfa down upon Monica's head.

"*What? Damnit! It was a trap after all!*" Monica cursed as she quickly stepped back and blocked the tonfa with her iron bar. Between the two weapons, she had the advantage in reach, but... in the end, all she had were iron bars. The opponent, on the other hand, had actual weapons made for combat. The young sword girl would have gladly traded in both iron bars for even a single shoddy shinai.

Clang!

Monica's eyes widened as she felt the powerful resonance coursing through both iron bars. The sheer power alone from the tonfa strikes were enough to cause her hands to start shaking violently. All she did so far was block, but she could immediately tell that she should be grateful to even have iron bars to defend herself with. With a better picture of what would happen should even one strike reach her, she started paying more attention to the only other weapon she had left: Footwork.

Synn was quite impressed that her opponent was able to block and parry all of her attacks so far. However, she also noticed that the Japanese girl had yet to go on the offensive. With this in mind, the tonfa girl pressed on her attack with the full intention of overwhelming her opponent with brute force alone. A particularly powerful blow whizzed right over Monica's head and struck the wall behind. As a result, a trail around two feet wide, one foot deep, and five feet long was engraved into the wall. Debris from the attack crumbled to the floor as the sword girl made her move.

Clutching both metal bars as tightly as she could, Monica concentrated as much of her energy as she could into them. She focused on the resonance of the metallic material pressed against the skin of her hands. In time, she felt the energy from her spiritual force flow through her veins and into her weapons. Reacting to the spiritual energy, the iron bars started glowing with a pale blue hue.

"Hmm? Her energy output is rising," John noticed as he looked down at his laptop. "Synn, be careful. She's up to something."

"What? You mean besides those light sabre knockoffs she's holding?" Synn asked with gritted teeth. Rushing toward her opponent, she held nothing back as she unleashed a flurry of attacks with her tonfas. "Doesn't matter what kind of trick she's got up her sleeve! I'll just power through them all!"

"Wait a minute, Synn. Don't be-" John began, but was cut off by the older teen's war-cry.

Avoiding each and every single attack, Monica danced about in the darkness of the underground parking lot. Fragments of solid concrete flew up and filled the space each time the tonfas missed their target and hit something else. The young girl bided her time all the while keeping track of the distance between herself and her opponent. With careful attention and fast reflexes, she kept herself out of Synn's range and Synn within hers. Once the sword girl felt that the time was right, she struck out with both bars at the same time.

Clang! Clang!

Starring down at her weapons with a look of shock on her face, Synn tried to comprehend that... her tonfas were sliced in half!

"Damn it," Synn growled as she threw the handles away. "How'd the hell she do that?"

"Oh my, what's this? A new playmate?" Neon's voice echoed throughout the parking lot. "I enjoy a feisty one every now and then, but two at once? That's just asking for trouble."

"Who's there?!" Synn demanded as she glanced around to find the source of the new voice.

"Careful Synn. You might not be able to handle two enemies at once," John warned as he calculated Neon's energy output. He wasn't quite prepared for the result. "Synn... we're leaving. Now."

"So she's here," Monica tightened her grip on her iron bars and readied for a surprise attack.

"Like hell I'm running," Synn growled as she also prepared herself for Neon's appearance. In the corner of her eye, she caught sight of a figure hidden in the shadows. Quickly turning toward the figure, she brought her fists up and fell into a fighting stance.

"Hasty, aren't we?" Neon smirked as she walked out into whatever light was still available. A devilish grinned etched across her face as she regarded Synn's battle-ready pose.

"....." Synn scowled at the mysterious monstress with fierce determination in her eyes. However, she found herself frozen to the spot. She couldn't quite explain it, but the atmosphere around Neon was strong and powerful. Her heart rate rose and she found herself sweating even more than when she faced Monica just seconds ago. Looking down, she realized that her legs were shaking and threatening to collapse on her any moment now. Was this... fear? Why was this happening now?

"I see..." Monica muttered to herself once she noticed the state her former opponent was in. "A demoness can instil fear with energy alone. They're not on the same side... but then, who is she?"

"I don't believe I've introduced myself yet, now have I? How rude of me," Neon's trademark smile was still on her face. "My name's Neon and no... I'm not a demoness and the other one, Krypt, is not a demon. We're something much more dangerous than that."

"What?" That got Monica's attention. If Neon wasn't a demoness, then what was she?

"Tch, then you're one of them," Synn spat angrily. Fighting back her fear, she gathered up her courage and ran straight toward Neon.

"Don't be so quick to die," Neon suddenly jerked her hand back as though she were pulling on a string. To be exact, she was pulling on two strings.

"Wha..." Synn suddenly found herself falling to the ground. Before she knew it, she fell painfully stopping just a few inches away from Neon's feet.

"What?" Monica looked on in shock. She wasn't sure what to be more surprised about: The fact that Neon just used her hair like lassos to cut Synn's feet off or the fact that there were wires coming out of the cut!

"Damn it!" Synn growled as she looked back at her sliced-up mechanical feet. "Are you kidding me? That's reinforced titanium!"

"A... robot?" Monica gasped as she stared in shock at Synn. "Wait... no... there's a scratch on her cheek from her fall. She's bleeding, so... she's human?"

"What? Never seen a cyborg before?" Synn growled as she glared dangerously in Monica's direction. Thought missing both feet, it didn't look as though she was quite done yet. Slamming her fist into the ground, she launched herself toward Neon as she prepared her other fist to smash the monstress' face in.

"You never learn, do you?" Neon sneered as a wall of hair sprung up and sliced up Synn's robotic right arm into ribbons. Grabbing Synn by the hair, Neon caught the sliced-up cyborg before she hit the ground. "Do you understand now? Neither of you stood a chance against me."

Eyes widened, Motoko suddenly realized that a major attack was coming next. Waves and waves of hair sprung out of Neon and attacked random locations. Water started spewing everywhere from the pipes and gas lines started leaking. John had to duck down when the roof of the car was sliced up. There was nowhere to run at all. However, Motoko had no intention of running away.

*****

"That's all I can tell you about Neosphere," Tim's Shihfu concluded. "Everything else, you'll have to find out on your own."

"I see... thank you, Shihfu," Tim replied with a sigh as he looked out the window. Turning around, he said, "I think I might know someone related to all this."

"Heh... is that so?" Tim's Shihfu cracked a smile at that. "Then it's someone I don't know. Making friends at that school of yours?"

"....." Tim simply nodded his head before heading back out. As soon as he did, he noticed someone waiting for him out in the hall. Instinctively, he went for his guns... only to remember he didn't have them anymore. Even if he did, it wasn't like he could use them considering the condition his hands were in.

Wordlessly, !X headed off towards the roof of the hospital and motioned for Tim to follow. Not wishing to make a scene, Tim followed along all the while formulating a plan in his head.

*****

"Come on... come on... hurry up..." Needler whined as he repeatedly pressed the button to cross the street even though there weren't any cars around. He honestly couldn't believe how far behind he was from the others now. He couldn't even see them anymore! It was like they just upped and went off to fight a couple monsters or something.

As he continued pressing the button, he took notice of someone crossing the street. Crypt had a seemingly satisfied expression on his face as he walked past Needler. Whirling around just in time to see the platinum blonde head off into an alley, Needler briefly wondered why he was getting a dangerous vibe from him. Looking ahead across the street, he muttered a silent apology to Tim, then headed off after the mysterious figure.

*****

"My... how strange. All four limbs turned out to be machines," Neon mercilessly stomped on Synn's remaining robotic arm until it was just a pile of broken chips and twisted metal. Using her hair, she held down the cyborg to keep her from struggling, but she turned out to be much more stubborn than she first thought. Synn's struggles against her bonds resulted in the hair pressing deeply into her skin until her entire upper body was covered with gashes. It was not a pretty sight.

Though Synn felt no pain from losing her robotic arms and legs, the helpless position she was in more than made up for it. Her right arm was sliced into ribbons as though it was thrown through a propeller. Both her feet were sliced off and what was left of her legs was smashed to pieces. All she had left to fight with was her left arm, but she just lost that as well.

"Looks like you ran out of options, clock-work girl," Neon sneered as she crouched down to bring her face closer to Synn's. Reaching out with sadistic intentions, she ripped the cyborg girl's tank-top right off, revealing pert nipples on pear-shaped breasts. With the piece of clothing off, the red lines left behind by the razor-sharp lengths of hair were easier to see. With the motorized legs in the shape they were in, the jeans were easily taken off revealing what appeared to be a metallic chastity belt. "My my, just by looking at you, I wouldn't had guessed you'd be into such things."

"Sh-shut it..." Synn stammered as she did her best to hide her humiliation. However, it was painfully clear that she was now at the mercy of the white-haired monstress before her. She could do nothing as the lock on her chastity belt was sliced off. As the steel plate covering her crotch was pulled away, it was revealed that there was some sort of device resembling a dildo inside her pussy.

Neon withdrew the device to examine it further and realized it was much too complex to be a simple vibrator. There were electro-magnetic studs all around it and after slicing it open, microchips spilled out from it. The technology was way too advanced to be just a sex toy. Looking down at her prey, Neon understood a bit about what the device was for.

"P-please... put... p-put it... ba... ck... in... please..." Synn begged tearfully as her bare pussy started convulsing violently. Her eyes rolled back and her tongue hung out, but she was losing her mind not to pain but to pleasure instead. Her modified pussy was designed so that her vaginal walls were a hundred times more responsive and her clitoris a thousand times more sensitive. The clitoral hood was evidently long gone, so even exposure sent her near the edge. From the puddle that had already formed under her ass, the amount of girl juice coming out of her had also increased as well. Whoever made these modifications also messed with her mind, preventing her from passing out from orgasms. Evidently, the chastity belt was made to counter these modifications.

"My... it doesn't even look like I have to use my own juice," Neon smirked as she brought her fingers up to the cyborg girl's pussy lips. Trailing the tip of her finger from the base of the lips up to the spot just under the clit, she watched Synn's reaction with intrigue in her eyes.

Synn's breathing sharply increased for the light touch was already sending her over the edge. If it wasn't for the additional modification to her psyche, she would have blacked out by now. Unfortunately for her, she did not have such luxury. Instead, she had to endure as the tip of Neon's middle finger flicked the tip of her highly sensitized clit. As though a thunderstorm was brewing inside of her, she screamed out as she came over and over and over...

"Stay the hell away from her!" John shouted angrily as he suddenly appeared from behind Neon with a giant rock in his hands. He immediately brought the rock down upon the monstress' head... only to watch it crumble to pieces.

"Oh my? You're still alive?" Neon seemed impressed. Before John could react, he was punched in the gut causing him to slump to the ground in defeat. It was like what would happen if one of those bowling ball pendulum experiments went wrong. Ribs cracked and his pride broken, the young teen could do nothing but lie down and not move for a while.

"What did you mean by your 'own juices'?" Monica's voice was projected from somewhere in the shadows. Due to the echoing, it was hard for Neon to figure out the sword girl's location.

"My, so you're also still alive," Neon had a hint of irritation seeping into her facial expression. Crouching down beside the convulsing Synn again, she coolly placed her hand on the broken girl's flat stomach. With her other hand, she popped a finger into her mouth and seductively moved it about. As she withdrew her finger, a thread of saliva was clearly visible even in the dim light. "My fluids... all of it; they've been specially created to act as a sort of aphrodisiac, you see. Just a drop of it can be as potent as Viagra and it works for both sexes. Come to think of it, that waitress back in the alley got a face full of my pussy juice. I wonder how your friend's holding up with her. You know I can see you, right?"

"*What?*" Monica blinked once she realized that her attempt at a surprise attack failed. She was standing over Neon with her 'weapons' raised above her head. The scratches she suffered from the wild hair attack earlier decorated her body from her neck down. Apparently, her face was intentionally left alone, which made her start to wonder if the attack earlier was indeed wild or not.

"Your blood has a very unique smell, you see," Neon explained with a nasty grin on her face. A single thread of her hair was in her hands as she brought it up to her lips. Licking it with the tip of her tongue, she smirked, "Tastes delicious too, though far from ripe. I wonder... just how much tastier you'll be once you've had time to grow."

"*Shut the fuck up, you freak!*" Monica growled angrily as she brought two energy-covered iron bars down upon the platinum blonde's head. Unsurprisingly, she was met with a shield of hair, but to Neon's surprise, the iron bars remained as two pieces of weaponry. It actually took all of the monstress' concentration to keep the hair shield up, so it ended up as a stalemate.

"My... I underestimated you a bit, didn't I?" Neon licked her lips as she jumped back to end the power struggle. As soon as she did, all the hair under her control slithered back under her clothes. With that, she turned around to leave, "Even though I coated my hair with my saliva, you don't seem very affected at all. Is it willpower? No... maybe it's the opposite, as hard as it is to believe let alone understand."

"Where do you think you are going?" Monica demanded as she pointed one of her iron bars at her retreating opponent. "Did you think I would allow you to leave like that?"

"Of course, because you see... that cyborg girl doesn't look like she'll last very long," Neon smirked before disappearing into the shadows.

"*Damn it...!*" Monica cursed in Japanese as she violently threw her iron bars down. As it clattered to her feet, she turned her attention toward the broken cyborg.

"You... you're not... one of them?" John gasped as he looked up at the sword girl from the ground.

"One of...? No... I' am not," Monica smiled assuredly in response.

"This... put... this... in Synn... please..." John pulled out a metallic rod that was not unlike the one taken out of Synn.

"I understand," Monica nodded as she bent down to take the rod.

"You have to... make her... come... with it... first..."

"*What?*" Monica blushed.

*****

Standing atop the hospital building were two figures that looked ready to duke it out. The breezy wind shifted around causing the bed sheets that were hung out to dry to flutter about. The sun was still out and shining just as brightly as before. Somehow, the setting seemed much too peaceful to serve as the battlefield between fighters such as these two.

"You... you're not human, are you?" Click asked with crossed arms. He studied his opponent carefully with his visible robotic left eye.

"I'm human," Tim simply replied as he kept his hands in his pockets. There was no need to show any sign of weakness to the enemy. "Believe it or not. You?"

"Don't lie. No human can produce an aura as dark as yours," Click growled as he gripped his right arm. With a forceful tug, he pulled the skin right off of his right arm revealing a mechanical skeleton! "As for me, I'm an android. That means I'm all machine, so I won't be easy to beat. Save yourself the trouble and tell me the truth. What are you? Are you one of them?"

"Them?" Tim quirked an eyebrow at that. Realizing that there was no use in talking to the android, he took his hands out of his pockets and brought them up to his chest.

Shing!

From each of his sleeves, a stiletto blade around a foot long sprung out. Pointing one of them at his opponent with an indifferent expression on his face, Tim said, "I'm an ex-assassin. I won't be easy to beat, either."

*****

"Let's see... this must be the place," Rock noted as he stood outside the door of what appeared to be a broken down apartment. On his back, he was carrying Gina, who still seemed pretty out of it at the moment. After the run-in with the two mysterious figures in the alleyway, he figured it'd be best to take the girl home first. After rummaging through her purse to find her address, he threw his jacket on her and carried her home.

"Mmm..." Gina purred as she nestled her head against the back of Rock's neck. Since she wasn't really able to clean up, Neon's pussy juice still coated her face. Her own juices were running down the insides of her legs and soaked the back of Rock's shirt. If the jacket on her was even an inch shorter, her gaping anus would have been easy to see.

"Wonder how Monica's doing," Rock grumbled as he pushed open the door and stepped inside. Glancing around, he noticed that it was a single bedroom apartment. The bathroom door was open and through it, he took notice of the single toothbrush sitting in there. That meant Gina lived alone. Entering the bedroom, he dropped her off onto the bed and started heading out again. He had to find that Krypt fellow and teach him a lesson he wouldn't soon forget.

"Wait..." Gina reached out and grabbed the teen by the wrist. With a flushed face and pleading eyes, she begged, "Don't leave..."

*****

"Hmph... another nosy one?" Crypt smirked as he stood at one end of a fenced-in basketball court. The court was full-sized, but wedged in on three sides by the backs of three apartment buildings. Since it was a little out of the way and the apartment buildings had little to no tenants living in them, it was pretty much empty most of the time. The only one who ever goes there anymore was Virginia, an Italian girl with pigtails and green eyes. She had the unfortunate luck to bump into the tendril-using blonde.

"Mmph!" Virginia tried screaming, but the tendril forced inside her mouth prevented her from doing so. She tried biting, but the thing was harder than diamond! The tendril around her wrists and ankles were too strong for her to shake off, but she continued struggling anyway. Crypt knew he could just subdue her right away, but decided to enjoy her vain attempts at escaping.

"Com... completely... different..." Needler simply stood there frozen to the spot at the opposite end of the court from Crypt. He knew that there was something strange about the other teen and his intuition told him to follow, but now he wasn't sure that was the smart thing to do anymore. The dangerous vibe he got was now a suffocating miasma threatening to end his life right there and then. The tendril monster was in an entirely different league and they both knew it.

I should run.

Sure, Needler picked up a few tricks from Sera's training and sure, he learnt some useful stuff from Monica, but in the end he was still new at using energy. Before he arrived at Windroy Twelve Forrest, he was just a normal high school student with a bit of an attention problem. Monica trained to become a demon slayer. Tim was a former assassin. Rock came from a family of summoners. Trent... well... he could turn into a dog. What was he before all this?

I should run.

As he stood there frozen to the spot, he thought back to his reactions to... well... all the strange stuff that happened so far. Why did he accept it all so easily? Was it because he somehow knew all of it was going to happen? Was it because Sera's 'gift' softened the impact of all those events? In the end, did he just become a puppet for the demoness? Now his intuition was telling him to fight...

I should run.

"So? You going to just stand there? That's fine. Always good to have an audience every now and then," Crypt smirked without even looking at Needler. His attention was on the girl in his grasp. "Those last two were pretty annoying. A samurai wannabe girl and a cockroach that just won't die. Strong though, so I took an interest."

What? Monica and Rock? Needler blinked as he stepped back in fear. Did he...? No... something tells me they're all right. Wait... that's not reassuring enough. No... better trust it. It's always better to... did I always think like that? What the hell's wrong with me? I'd run, but... my legs won't move.

"Once I'm done here, I'll be going after them," Crypt grinned sadistically. Did he somehow know that Needler was friends with Monica and Rock? Maybe he was goading the new intruder into a fight. "Neon might've already taken care of them already, but who knows? Either way, I'll be having a lot of fun with them. Hmm? What's that on your forehead?"

A silver glint of energy appeared on Needler's forehead. It was in the exact same spot that Sera touched him on that fateful day when he first stepped into their world. For some reason, he felt calm. He remembered now. When he was in the world of darkness that Sera put him in, he was suffocating, afraid, and in pain. However, when he felt Sera's finger on his forehead, all his doubts and fears vanished. He no longer felt threatened by the ominous energy he was picking up from his new enemy. In fact, he felt as though he could beat him.

I should fight.

(to be continued)

*****

Character Profile Section:

Name: Motoko 'Monica' Kurenai
Age: 17
Gender: Female
Species: Human
Height: 5' 3"
Weight: ???
Occupation: High School Student, Swordswoman

Miscellaneous Information:
-Likes baked potatoes, clam, macaroni and cheese, and campfire stories
-Is a little afraid of black cats
-Favourite season is Spring
-Able to recite most of Shakespeare's play by memory
-Favourite subject is Music
-Least Favourite subject is Math
-Ring tone for her cell is the theme song for 'Raiders of the Lost Arc'

Estimated Physical Statistics (before Sera's training):
Strength: 3500lb dead lift
Speed: 25m/s
Stamina: 400 miles









"Attention! Do not read any further if you are either too young, not allowed to view this kind of content in your region/area/whatever, offended by this kind of material, or related to the author by blood!" Trent announced as he read off a piece of paper. "In other words: Read at your own risk!"

"Hey now, you already had a turn at doing that," Synn remarked as she grabbed the piece of paper out of Trent's hand. Blinking for a second, she looked down at the piece of paper. "This... isn't paper, is it?"

"It's not!" Trent grinned as he grabbed... whatever it was back from Synn. After cramming it down his throat, he said, "Tasty!"

"I'm gonna go wash my hands now," Synn grumbled as she walked away.

"That's what she said."

"Go to hell."

*****
Title: WTF High's School Defence Force - Lesson XIII
Class: 4D
Room: 104
Berserker
*****

"Damn it... what the hell are you?" Crypt growled as he clutched the gaping wound on his right arm. The young man's eyes narrowed into dangerous slits as his bladed tendrils waved threateningly at his opponent. He was used to having his blades and tendrils smeared with his victims' blood. However, this time it was the other way around. No matter what he did or how much faster he attacked, he never could seem to land a hit. It was like his opponent knew exactly where he was going to strike and when.

"What do you think I am?" Berserker asked cryptically with a malicious grin etched across his face. His face was twisted and distorted into an unrecognizable beast with bloodied claws. In his left hand, he had fresh crimson red blood dripping from his finger tips. In his other hand, he held an umbrella against his shoulder as though it were a rifle.

"Fucking bastard! Gonna make you eat your own guts when I'm done with you!" Crypt shouted angrily as he launched several tendrils at once with the full intention of skewering his victim alive. However, just mere inches before they reached the target's face, they were blocked off by a thin piece of black fabric: The umbrella. Though confident that he could easily tear apart a stupid umbrella, try as he might, he could not get through at all. All of his blades simply bounced off the flimsy material like ping-pong balls.

"Heh..." Berserker smirked as he chose that moment to rush in with his umbrella open in front of him as though it were a shield made of iron. A couple steps later and he was brushing aside the tendrils with his umbrella before finishing things up with a strengthened left fist to the throat. Suffice to say, he found the umbrella useful for its original purpose... sort of.

*****

Smash!

"Fucking hell! Damn bitch! Looking down on me!"

Crack!

"Gonna rip a hole in her and rape it till she's all out of blood!" Synn shouted angrily as she continued swiping at the concrete wall with her bare hands.

"That's the third spare she's gone through," John remarked as he sat on the floor of the underground parking lot. With his knee up against his chest and his back against what was left of his car (kinda looked like a convertible now), he watched his friend laid waste to the ruins.

"Is she always like this?" Monica asked as she sat down next to John. "It is kind of a waste, do you not think?"

"Nah... got tons of those back home. They're nothing compared to her usual set. Now those were a waste," John replied without looking at Monica. "By the way... name's John and that's Synn over there. Come to think of it, you kind of look familiar. What school do you go to?"

"I should look familiar. We have the same homeroom together," Monica replied with a smile. "My name is Monica, by the way."

"Really? Small world. Synn's in our class too, but you might not know that since she's skipping all the time," was John's reply as he pulled out his laptop and clacked away at the keys. "Hmm... doesn't look like we're gonna be able to catch up with that strange hair girl."

"You are not used to talking to other people, are you?" Monica quirked an eyebrow.

"What gave you that idea?" John asked without looking up from his laptop.

Clang!

"Shit! John! Need another hand over here!"

*****

If only I had a working hand, Tim thought to himself as he moved to avoid what was obviously a lethal punch from his robotic opponent. Using quick side-steps and by paying attention to his opponent's movements, he was able to survive so far. Unfortunately, this wasn't going to end until one of them was able to get the other. If he was able to use his guns, he was confident that he could end it right there and then. Unfortunately, both of his hands were injured and wrapped in bandages at the moment. All he could rely on was his footwork and the stiletto blades sticking out of his sleeves.

"You can't run around forever," Click stated as he attempted to land a hook on Tim's left temple.

"....." Tim silently moved back and out of the way of the hook punch before rushing in to begin the counter attack. He tried slamming his heel into the waist, but there was obviously some strong metal plating underneath the synthetic skin. He tried breaking off the balance by kicking the legs, but was met with a strong and sturdy stance that was most likely created with some godly programming skills. The blades didn't even make a dent and the neck was especially designed to keep the head from falling off. Whoever built this android certainly knew what they were doing.

Click, on the other hand, was a little unprepared for the former assassin's quick movements. Even if the android weighed more than 200 pounds, he was built to be able to run faster than your average high school track star. His movements were made to be as efficient and precise as possible so that he wasted no unnecessary time on start-ups and pull-backs. So why was he having trouble catching an injured opponent?

Tim kept his mind's eye on the goal he was going for. Even as he moved to avoid the attacks, his eyes were always open... just waiting for the right moment to strike. When it finally came, he immediately zeroed in on the brief opening before him and launched his attack. With deadly precision, his right blade pierce the android's left eye. From that point on, the rest of his plan fell into place.

*****

"You know... the human body's made up of... like... what? 70... 80 percent water? Sounds bout right," Berserker mused as he took out a bottle of water from his backpack. After taking off the cap, he poured the water over his hands to get the blood off. Apparently, one bottle wasn't enough. "What about blood? Around... 90 percent? Well... the plasma part, anyway."

"B-bas... tard..." Crypt gasped while laying there battered and beaten on the ground. Both his legs were broken and a geyser of blood was spewing from his right arm. What he couldn't understand was... how was this possible? He was told that his skin was harder than a rhino's and his bones as unbreakable as diamond. Yet here he was, lying helplessly at the feet of some human who just happened to pass by. Who was that guy, anyway?

"Just a little experiment I was trying out. Can't really use this technique without coming into contact, though... but it's still pretty effective once used, don'tcha think?" Berserker smirked as he planted his right foot against the tendril monster's back. With his right hand, he reached out and grabbed Crypt's left arm. As soon as he withdrew his hand, Crypt's blood had a need to follow along even if it meant breaking skin. The blood spewed out forcefully and gathered around Berserker's hand, ripping apart flesh along the way. "I haven't come up with a name for this yet, but I'm thinking of something related to Vlad the Impaler or something."

"AAAAUUUUUGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!" Crypt's eyes bulged out as he felt for the fourth time his own blood cutting through his skin from the inside. It wasn't as though a single hole was made and all the blood just followed along in a single line. No... it was more like a bunch of panicking idiots breaking glass and jumping out of the windows of a burning building. What was probably the worst part was just enough blood was left inside him to keep him conscious just long enough to experience the excruciating pain.

*****

"They're experimental subjects created by mad scientists and commissioned by underground organizations, like the mafia for example," John explained after closing his laptop and turning his head to face Monica. "We haven't really come up with a name for them yet, but 'Homunculus' seems to fit the bill. They were born with modified genes so that they'd be able to do various tasks such as assassinations and killing sprees. Right now, they're in the experimental stage, which is probably why their abilities are still unique to each others'. They're probably trying different kinds of approaches with their prototypes and letting them loose to see how they'd do without caring about the consequences at all."

"Where are the police in all this, then? Why is the media not all over this?" Monica asked. "Surely their actions would catch a lot of attention."

"The people behind these experiments have enough power and money to do experiments that can cause trouble of that scale," John replied, pointing at the destruction Neon left behind. "They probably have enough power and money to keep the media quiet and the cops out of their way."

"What about Synn? How did she... become like that?"

"You mean the arms and legs? My dad designed and invented it, but I'm the one who made them for her," John answered. "And before you ask, no, we're not the ones who... mutilated her. She was kidnapped and shipped off to a slave auction overseas. Unfortunately, she was both American and Jewish: The two kinds of people most hated by the ones attending the auction... so she was sentenced to be the entertainment. Her skin was peeled off and her-"

"You do not need to go into details," Monica interrupted before John could continue.

"Anyway, it just so happened to my dad had some business with one of his clients and sponsors, who just happened to be one of the people invited to the slave auction," John continued. "Anyway, long story short... Synn was mutilated and modified by the one who bought her two days after the auction. When he grew tired of her, he sold her to my dad. Since then, she's been living with us."

"Then... she does not wish to go home?"

"If she remembered where it was... or even her real name, she probably would."

"Why are you telling me all this?" Motoko asked.

"You asked, didn't you?"

"Yes, but..."

Crumble!

"Okay, I'm done," Synn grumbled as she held up one of her battered legs and tucked her broken left arm under her good right one.

*****

Click did not see this coming.

He did not see this coming at all.

"You could probably survive this height," Tim remarked.

Click looked back up at the former assassin with his one good eye. He looked a little ticked off and he probably had every right to be.

"Depending on how durable you were built to be, you might even be able to walk away without a scratch," Tim added as he stood over the ledge and down at the defeated android.

Hanging from the side of the hospital building was Click. Of course, if he was merely holding onto the ledge, he could had easily escaped this predicament by jumping back onto the roof or even letting go and falling off. The reason why he couldn't do either?

"Course, that's why I pegged your hands to the ledge," Tim explained as he lightly tapped the stiletto blades he was wielding before with his toes. The blades were no longer sticking out of his sleeves and were instead sticking out the back of Click's hands. Sitting down on the ledge, he planted the bottom of his right foot against the android's face. "Now... I've got some questions and you are going to answer them."

Click stared at Tim.

Tim stared back at him.

Click

Tim's eye twitched slightly at the sound and immediately reacted by jumping back. If he were a couple seconds late, he would have been caught by a cinderblock-sized swipe. With an amazing display of strength, Click tore off a piece of the ledge with each of his bare hands. Once he was back on the roof, he smashed the two pieces together to free his hands. However, the stiletto blades were still stuck in his hands and with those two parts malfunctioned, there was no way for him to get them out. Even if he somehow got them out, the damage was already done.

Even playing field... time to finish this, Tim thought.

*****

"Ugh... what happened...?" Needler groaned as he painfully sat up from where he was lying down. His head throbbed like crazy, especially the spot between his eyes on his forehead. As he slowly came to, he gradually became more aware of his surroundings. With wide open eyes, he looked around with amazement at all the blood painting the basketball court. He barely managed to get his voice through the blockage developing in his throat, "Wha... what... happened here...?"

From a different perspective, the random splashes of blood could be seen as a work of abstract art. If not for the fresh scent of spilled blood, the mess could have easily been mistaken for the result of a gallon of red paint spontaneously exploding. With a start, Needler realized that something was missing from all this: The body! What happened to the tendril monster?!

Scrambling to his feet, the dumbstruck teen looked around for his white-haired adversary, but the only other person on the basketball court was an unconscious Virginia. Deciding that his classmate came first, he quickly ran over to check the girl's condition.

"Still... alive...." Needler stated after checking her pulse and making sure that she was breathing properly. Falling back on his ass, he breathed a sigh of relief. The girl was safe and that's all that mattered... right? He wasn't able to convince himself at all.

*****

"Click, come in," John attempted to contact the android, but to no avail. All he got was static. "Come in, Click."

"No luck?" Synn asked as she took a left turn. Like before, she was at the wheel of the car and driving as dangerously as usual. If she wasn't so incredibly good at it, they probably would've crashed by now. Ironically, her spare limbs actually made her a better driver since she didn't have to hold back her strength to keep from breaking the wheel through sheer gripping power alone.

"No luck. His signal's gone, too. Not a good sign at all," John replied.

"You think that might have something to do with that anomaly earlier? He tracked it all the way to the hospital, right?" Synn asked.

"Undoubtedly," John replied as he continued clacking away at his laptop. "We should head over there ourselves."

"With what? In case you haven't noticed, we're a little unequipped at the moment," Synn seethed as she let go of the wheel and lifted her fists to prove her point.

Screech! Bam!

"Maybe... maybe not. We still have her," John jerked a thumb toward the backseat where Monica was seated. "Oh, and keep your hands on the wheel. I think you just caused an accident back there."

"*Why thah hell's she drivin', neway? She's gonna get us killed, man!*" Monica screamed as she frightfully gripped the rarely used handle found above the car's window. "*Why'd we hafta steal a car? We coulda just took a bus or some'in'! I don't wanna go tah jail! Haven't ya heard all thah stories?*"

"What'd she say?" Synn asked as she took her eyes off the road yet again to stare at Monica.

"Dunno. I don't speak Japanese," John replied. "Why's she even screaming for? We're only going 250mph. According to the data I collected from your fight with her, she could probably walk out of the crash without a scratch on her."

"*We're on the roofs now! We're jumping roofs in a car! What the hell!*"

"So what'd you think happened to Click?" Synn casually asked as she drove right through an office building.

*****

Wham!

"Eria, I need your help with something," Tim said after tossing something onto the breakfast table above his hospital bed.

"Hmm?" Eria roused from her sleep and the first sight she saw was a dismembered head. Well... Click's dismembered head... and the wires sticking out of the neck made it obvious that it belonged to an android. Still... it was enough to warrant a scream. Luckily, Tim was prepared for that and was quick to cover Eria's mouth with his sleeve.

"Get the tools out. You're gonna be taking that head apart for easier transportation," Tim explained.

*****

"Huh..." Mr. Smith scratched the back of his head as he stood within the ruins that were once the underground parking lot. "I can't seem to find my car anywhere."

*****

"What the fuck? Is that a flying car?" Rock asked as he looked outside the window just in time to see a car run off the edge of a building and straight into another building. "Wait... I recognize that car. Isn't that Mr. Smith's Hyundai?"

Rock turned his attention away from the distraction and back to the current problem at hand. The problem's name was Gina and she was urgent. For some reason, the waitress... well, former waitress now... was acting like a total slut with an insatiable hunger for sex. Ever since she woke up, she's been begging to be fucked rough and hard while playing with herself at the same time. Rock held back as best he could, but it took all of his willpower to keep himself from just screwing the college-aged girl's brains out. It didn't take a rocket scientist to figure out that one of those monsters did something to her and the young summoner wasn't about to have her suddenly regain her senses while his cock was in her ass. Then again...

If I'm quick about it... and have an excuse ready... and if she remembers everything, I can just blame it on the monsters... and if she doesn't, I'll just blame it on... beer? Rock reasoned with himself as his eyes continued taking in Gina's luscious form. His own arousal was made evident by the large bulge throbbing in his pants.

"Please... I need... I... just need..." Gina moaned in pleasure as she worked her fingers in and out of her dripping pussy. Her head was propped up against the headboard and her knees were drawn up to make it easier for her pussy lips to be stretched and exposed. Her right hand worked from above while her left slipped under her ass to work from below. Her fingers worked furiously resulting in a rhythm of slurping and slopping. The dark stain pooling right below her juicy cunt showed just how much she was getting into it.

The brunette girl's hips started moving with her fingers in order to get the most out of the ministrations of her fingers. She knew her own body well enough. She didn't do it all the time, but she did masturbate enough to know what turned her own. She was panting and sweating profusely as she desperately tried to reach her next climax, but even after reaching it, she was already focused on her next one. Her insatiable hunger just kept her right on going as though she had an unlimited supply of energy. With her tongue sticking out, she felt as though she could taste the scent of her own lust. Unfortunately, that just made her hornier by the second.

Supposedly to get better access, she slouched down until her head was on the pillow. The dark spot made by her juices went cold with time and she felt it against the small of her back. Lifting her legs, she pulled in her knees as much as she could until it seemed as though she was trying to lick her pussy. With her little puckered dark star up in the air, she could pump away with her fingers as best she could. After a few failed attempts at bringing herself off at that point, she finally stuck her left middle finger into her ass and probed as deeply as she could no matter how much it hurt. Fortunately, she excreted so much juice by that point that she had plenty of natural lube for her gaping anal tract.

Gina felt the sting of sweat on her eyes, but she didn't care at all. She closed them and found it easier to reach her climaxes that way. With her sense of sight gone, she found her own touches to be more sensitive and the aroma of her own messy body sent her mind into a wonderful daze. However, she found herself wanting more than just her fingers. Her orgasms were getting farther and farther apart. That was why she decided to open her eyes again and look into Rock's. She continued begging to have something... bigger in her hungry cunt. She didn't care how she sounded. She didn't care about the shame and humiliation that she should be feeling at that point. She closed her eyes again just as she reached her next climax. She just wanted...

Suddenly, she felt a weight on her body. Popping her eyes back open, she saw Rock kneeling over her with his cock out and ready. With a smile on her face, Gina hungrily pulled the young teen down and fumbled around to get his cock into her pussy. In response, Rock slipped his arms under the brunette's knees to keep her legs up. That way, his cock was able to penetrate deeper and with more control. It also restrained the girl... something he liked to do with the livelier ones.

Bending his head down, Rock forced his lips onto Gina's and found it unnecessary to force his tongue into hers. Hers was already in his.

"Yeah, you like that bitch?" Rock growled cockily as he roughly gripped the upper parts of Gina's arms. With his shoulders, he temporarily lifted the entire lower part of Gina's body and forced her wrists behind her back before lowering her back down again. With this, her legs and arms were both restricted. Now that he was getting into it, he no longer felt the need to hold back anymore. He slipped his cock out of the girl's pussy and rammed it right into her asshole. The resulting scream that was filled with a mixture of pain and pleasure was music to his ears.

"Ah... please... don't stop... please!" Gina screamed as she felt yet another orgasm coming on. This one was probably the tenth one by now... or... the fifteenth? She lost count.

*****

"Whew... got her safely home... at least... I hope that was her home," Needler sighed with relief as he left the apartment building. He looked up into the sky and noticed that it was getting a tad dark out. Looking down at his watch, he realized that it's been several hours since he lost the others earlier.

"Hello Berserker Boy," Sera's voice came from above.

"Eh? Sera?" Berserker blinked as he quickly looked up to see the young blonde demoness up in a tree. Sera was perched up against the trunk with one leg on the branch and the other hanging down. Since she was wearing a mini-skit, anyone looking up at her from below could clearly see that she wasn't wearing any panties. Berserker's face reddened once he realized this, but he didn't look away. Even though he wasn't looking away, he didn't even notice that Sera was holding his umbrella... and even using it to block out the sun.

"So, I see you've... awakened, somewhat," Sera giggled as she reached down with her free hand and took hold of the hem of her skirt. Slowly and seductively, she lifted it inch by inch to expose more of her womanhood to the world below. With a sly smirk, she cooed, "Like what you see?"

"Huh? What? I mean..." Berserker blinked, then suddenly found the stop sign interesting. He immediately snapped his eyes back to Sera and said, "I mean... isn't that my umbrella?"

"How sharp," Sera grinned with feigned admiration. She folded up the umbrella, then held it point-down and pressed up against her naked pussy. She licked the handle in a suggestive manner... then tossed it, without warning, right at Berserker. Like a spear, the umbrella shot through the air and impaled itself into the ground right in the spot between the youngster's feet. "That's no ordinary umbrella, is it?"

"Uh... this? I... um... just found it... in the attic," Berserker chuckled nervously as he pulled his umbrella out of the ground. Rubbing the back of his head at the awkward situation, he asked, "So... anyway... what're you doing here, Sera?"

"Isn't it obvious?" Sera asked.

"Humour me."

"No way. That wouldn't be any fun at all," Sera laughed as she pulled down her skirt, much to the disappointment of Berserker... which the demoness found amusing. Steepling her fingers together, the blonde asked, "What do you remember about your fight with Crypt?"

"Crypt? You mean that tentacle guy with the white hair?" Berserker asked. Looking down at the ground, he tried to recall what happened, "Er... I remember using my umbrella to block his attacks... then everything else after that just sort of became fuzzy. Kind of like... getting drunk, I guess?"

"Even though you've never touched a drop of alcohol in your life?" Sera asked with a Cheshire grin.

"Yeah... wait..." Berserker blinked a third time as he looked up again. He wanted to ask how she knew, but... he decided not to waste asking a rhetorical question. "Never mind."

"Is there anything you'd like to ask about what happened?" Sera asked while staring straight into Berserker's eyes. For a second there, it seemed as though she was a bit serious. However, the young man couldn't find a trace of it again behind those yellow predatory eyes.

There was a ton of stuff Berserker wanted to ask, especially the ones about what Sera did to his head. However... that same sense of feeling that told him what was the right course of action advised against asking. It was stupid, but... he felt that something would go wrong if he ignored it.

He ignored it.

"What did you-"

"Whoops! Just remembered that my favourite show's on today," Sera interrupted with a chuckle. She gave Berserker a little wave as she slowly faded out of view.

"....." Needler just stood there under the tree, feeling as though he just made a big mistake.

*****

"Mmm..." Gina moaned as she hungrily took Rock's cock into her mouth. She was kneeling on the bed with a semi-doggy-style position while holding onto Rock's hips for support. Rock was standing next to the bed while putting his shirt back on.

"Looks like the effects have started wearing off," Rock noted as he took hold of Gina's head and look into her eyes. Using what he learnt about detecting energy within another person, he noticed that Gina's inner-aura was returning to normal. "Guess that's my cue to leave... right after you clean my cock up, of course. Take it as a farewell present."

"Mmm..." Gina could only moan in response as she licked up the mess as best she could. She could easily taste her own ass and pussy juices on the cock along with traces of dried up semen. The semen in her ass and pussy were still dripping out onto the cum-covered bed sheets after having been used over and over again. She worked her tongue as best she could for even after all that, she still craved to have the taste of fresh jizz in her mouth. It only took a half a minute more of deep-throating before she got what she wanted. She swallowed up the jizz as it was shot directly down her throat. After that, she pulled away from Rock and fell back onto her bed with her eyes closed.

"Finally out, huh? Well... that's to be expected," Rock said as he tucked away his manhood and zipped up his pants. He looked down at the sleeping form of the girl who, just moments ago, was filled with wanton lust. He couldn't believe that this was the same girl who was begging to have her ass filled earlier. She looked... peaceful now. Her hands and knees were drawn up as the side of her head was sunken into her pillow. Rock stared for a few seconds longer... then turned to leave...

only to come back again to change the bed sheets. She could catch a cold if left like that, after all.

*****

Whoosh!

Wham!

Screech!

Thud

Mr. Smith Hyundai flew through the car before slamming into the roof of the hospital building and screeching to a stop. Shrapnel flew up from all the skidding around, so it was kind of a wonder why nobody went up to check out what was going on. After all the screeching and squealing, the car finally came to a full and complete stop. The two right wheels that were up in the air when the car landed finally came back down after the stop. With that display of reckless driving over and done with, the driver and the passengers got out.

"This where Click fought the anomaly?" Synn asked as she got out of the car.

"Could be our classmate, Tim, you know," John replied as he got out of the car. "He's human and just as strong as Monica. Isn't that right, Monica?"

"You... drove... through... an office... building," Monica gasped as she crawled out the passenger seat. Sprawling across the ground, she tried to regain her bearings. From the look on her face, she could end up either puking up her morning breakfast or passing out from the horrifying experience.

"Two office buildings and a parking lot, actually," Synn replied as she headed for the door leading back down to the top floor of the building. "All those parked cars made for a bumpy ride, but I guess I couldn't had made that jump without them there."

"You really don't hold back when it's not your own car, huh?" John remarked as he followed along. "I'm just surprised the car's still in one piece. Never thought another car besides our own could handle that kind of punishment."

"*What thah fuckin' hell's wrong with ya'll,*" Monica grumbled as she staggered to her feet and followed along. As she walked along, her eyes drifted down to the skid marks and noticed something strange about them. Once she was at the door, she realized it and saw the whole picture.

Kaboom!!!

The car blew up.

Monica was the only one who noticed... probably.

*****

"Sleep tight, princess," Rock smirked as he took one last look at Gina before he was headed out the door. "Even if you were out of it, you were still a good fuck. Too bad this'll probably be the last time we see each other again. Well... probably for the best, anyway."

With that said, he opened up the door, stepped through, and closed the door behind him. Lying in bed with fresh bed sheets and blankets was Gina, who was sleeping like an angel at that point. Her sweat had pretty much dried up and disappeared, but she still smelled of it. The only thing that seemed to mask it was the smell of her own juice mixed with Rock's semen, which were still stuck to the sides of her mouth and between her legs.

*****

A metallic eyeball the size of a small marble carefully watched the events unfold. Perhaps metallic was the improper description, since the eyeball itself was not made of metal. It was a floating eyeball with a metallic sphere casing. The eyelid was also made of metal, so closing them ensured that the eyeball was protected from all angles. There was one floating in the ruined underground parking lot. Another was in Gina's room, but left through the window as soon as Rock was gone. A third one was in making its way through the hospital, keeping an eye on Monica, Synn, and John. There was even one that was following Needler as he made his way through the city. Once their owner decided that there was nothing more to see, they were immediately called back. The mysterious youngster between the eyeballs was getting kind of tired, anyway.

"Hmph... interesting prey this season," Radey remarked with a stoic face as he stood atop the roof of a building. He looked down at the roof of the hospital building with crossed arms and an indifferent expression on his face.

Neon, on the other hand, was laughing her head off. The skid marks left behind by Synn's landing made a smiley face. 

"They're pretty strong. Definitely poses a threat to us," Radey said as he held out his arms. His eyeballs flew through the air as they returned to their rightful place in the mutant's arms. They actually sunk right into his arms and disappeared from sight. There was no trace of them in the skin at all. "What do you think, Neon?"

"My... that girl with the Onitsurugu style will make a fine woman some day. I wonder how she'll be with a real sword in her hands," Neon chuckled as she allowed her blonde hair to float freely through the wind. "I don't care about any of that other trash. That cyborg girl was fun to play with, but she alone's not enough to satisfy me."

"What about that Berserker who beat Crypt?" Radey asked.

"Oh my... clearly not my type. I prefer my victims to be a little more... pure," Neon replied as took a strand of her hair and played with it. "My... such an interesting boy, though. That weaker side might be fun to play with, so long as he doesn't go Berserk on me."

"So what should we do about Crypt?" Radey asked as he turned around to look at his fallen fellow mutant.

"Damn... him... damn..." Crypt gasped as he panted heavily. All four limbs were grossly removed beyond recognition. The entire left side of his brain was exposed and it looked as though his intestines were spilling out of the gaping wound in his gut. Even if he was a biologically engineered monstrosity, it was amazing that he was still alive.

"Oh my, does this mean we must return to the lab?" Neon smirked. She was certainly not hiding her enjoyment at Crypt's expense. "My... that boy might be worth going after, after all, if only to see the look on Crypt's face in the aftermath."

".... right," Radey grumbled as he picked up Crypt by the collar of his shirt. "Let's just get going. He's getting blood all over my shoes."

*****

The subways were open 24/7 and the trains were always crowded even late at night. You could pretty much get to anywhere on the subway these days... even to the next town over. All the subways in the country were connected despite only the maps only showing the part of the system in their respective cities. It was a huge project not unlike the Canadian Pacific Railway, beginning in 2013 and completed in 2015. The trains themselves were also modified to run over 700mph when travelling between cities despite being three stories high. The subways were also usually at least three levels deep so that you could enter the train from any level.

"Man... why can't Sera ever give me a straight answer?" Needler sighed as he slumped forward on his seat. Since he chose the lowest level of the train, there was practically no one around him. Usually he didn't bother, but now he was glad he went down those three flights of stairs for the extra leg space. "What happened, anyway? Where'd that guy go?"

As Needler sat there contemplating on the situation, the train stopped and a single passenger got on. The passenger was the teenage red head, Ginger. She came onto the train wearing a green jacket and white scarf over a white shirt and green skirt. In her hands she was carrying a white box with a pink ribbon and on the top of the box was the logo for some local no-name bakery. The teen girl recognized Needler right away, but wasn't really sure how to approach him. Instead, she chose to sit down two seats away from Needler's.

"Um..." Ginger tilted her head as she tried to get Needler's attention.

"A jelly monster!" Needler suddenly exclaimed.

"Uh... huh?" Ginger quickly snapped back in surprise.

"It was a monster made of Jell-O. If you beat 'em, they explode, right? Maybe that's what happened to him," Needler reasoned with a goofy grin on his face. However, he snapped out of that train of thought once he noticed Ginger. His face reddened immediately, but he was quick to wave and respond, "Uh... hi... Ginger. Fancy meeting you here."

"Um... yeah..." Ginger blushed in return. "Hi..."

Both of them sat there in awkward silence for a while longer, unsure as to what to say to each other. They just nervously glanced at each other, not really meeting each other's eyes. When their eyes do meet, they were quick to turn away from each other as soon as possible.

The only sounds they made were the nervous chuckles in hopes that one of them would break the ice sooner or later.

Ten seconds passed...

Twenty seconds passed...

Two minutes passed...

Three stops went by...

Then they broke out in laughter.

"Sorry... very sorry..." Needler apologized while trying to stifle down his laughter to chuckling.

"No, I'm... sorry, too," Ginger replied with a beaming smile.

"Actually, is there any reason for either of us to apologize?" Needler chuckled.

"Eh heh... I guess not," Ginger chuckled back.

They both sighed at the same time.

Then the silence resumed a while longer.

"So... um..." Needler decided to go first. "Apparently, I'm Needler today."

"Oh... okay," Ginger replied with a smile. "So... you ran into Mr. Smith, then?"

"No, it was picked out by Monica and them," Needler replied with a somewhat annoyed look on his face.

"Um... anyway..." Ginger decided to change the topic. "I guess you've heard about Tim's accident?"

"Yeah, I'm actually headed to the hospital right now to visit him," Needler replied with a grin. "You?"

"Ah... I got him a cake," Ginger replied, holding up the box on her lap. "I hope he likes chocolate."

"I'm sure he'll like it," Needler assured. "By the way... still no news from..."

"....." Ginger looked down as her face saddened. "... no... not yet..."

"....." Needler remained silent for a while, then said, "We'll find them. We'll track down those demons and save your friends."

"Mm hmm..." Ginger nodded, but her expression didn't change. "I was... happy, when Tim and Monica saved me, you know?"

"Yeah..." Needler nodded.

"I really owe them," Ginger turned her head to face Needler again. "I thought... that maybe... Candi, Lana, and Jenna would also be... saved... so I was happy... but that was long after I was saved..."

"Ginger..."

"When that... red... demon thing... was... using me..." Ginger held the box more closely to herself as she slumped forward a bit more. Her voice cracked up as she continued, "I was... only thinking... of..."

"....." Needler sat in silence as he listened, then scooted over next to Ginger. Face flushed with embarrassment, he wrapped and arm around Ginger and pulled her close.

Ginger cried her heart out.

*****

"Well now, looks to me those two are getting along just fine," Sera smirked as she watched Needler and Ginger from the next train. The blonde demoness licked her lips as she watched, then turned away as soon as she felt the train stopping. Deciding that there was nothing left to see, she got off the next stop and made her way up the steps of the subway. Her glistening womanhood peeked out from beneath her skirt, giving a free show to anyone lucky enough to board the train from the third level. With her extraordinary senses, she could easily tell how many people were looking at her. Catching them red-handed with her predatory gaze, she flashed them a knowing and seductive smile. Once she reached the first level, she pulled up her back of her skirt just an inch higher as her juices leaked out along the insides of her legs. Her face, however, remained cool and composed.

Once she was out of the subway, she dropped the back of her skirt and continued walking like normal. The cool evening breeze brushed between her legs, causing her pussy to flow even more. The wet lines felt wonderful, especially after there was enough of her own juice for them to branch out and cover more of her pale soft skin. Despite the pleasure she was getting from all the attention she was receiving, she just continued walking like normal. With all those eyes on her evident horniness, she might as well be naked. Then again, it could be because she was still clothed that this little exhibition felt so good.

The little seductress purposely walked in a fashion that caused her to sway her hips from side to side. Spotting a hot dog cart, she walked up to it and noticed that the vendor was a young girl of high school age. She gave the vendor girl a flirtatious smile as she stared into her eyes in a hypnotic fashion. Normally, the vendor girl would have reacted in disgust, but to her shock, she found herself blushing profusely. She clumsily and quickly made a hot dog for the blonde stranger, forgetting to even ask for money.

"Mmm..." Sera moaned in an obviously sexual manner as she took the hot dog and ate it in a very suggestive manner. As though done on purpose, a few bits of relish and drops of ketchup and mustard dripped down into her cleavage. Scooping them up with her fingers, she carefully licked them off as cleanly as she could. After she finished licking, she gave the vendor girl a wink. The vendor girl immediately found to her horror that her panties were getting wet. After the blonde teen was done with her hotdog, she took a napkin to wipe the top visible part of her breasts, then wiped away the juices flowing down the inner part of her legs. As she bent over, she gave the vendor girl a full view of her pussy! After that, she placed the wet napkin right in front of her poor confused vendor before walking off.

"....." The vendor girl stared at the wet napkin as though it were a bomb waiting to go off. After her senses were a little better, she took the napkin... and placed it in her pocket.

"Humans... so much fun to play with no matter what flavour they come in," Sera chuckled to herself as she continued heading toward the hospital. Deciding that she had enough fun for one day, she made everyone around her forget what they saw. Everyone except the vendor girl, of course. She had so much fun that she decided to come back another time. "That berserker boy could do something similar if he wanted to. He just needs to wake up. Completely wake up."

*****

"Trent got arrested for... um... 'public indecency'... I think," Needler explained with a bit of a nervous chuckle. "Luckily, Ginger and I were able to convince the police officer to let him off with a warning. Told him that he got mugged and was in shock, which was why he was running around streaking."

"Is that why he's wearing a hospital gown?" Tim asked as he pointed toward the open door. Trent was on sitting cross-legged on one of the crash carts as he went zipping right by the open door. A bunch of kids in hospital gowns laughed as they chased after him.

"Actually, I think he's wearing a doctor's coat," Needler replied as a drop of sweat rolled down his temple. "Gotta hand it to him, though. He's great with kids."

"That's because he is a kid," Rock grumbled under his breathe.

"Um... is that a human head?" Ginger asked as she stared at Click's head.

"Dr. Zeke Angels' coat, to be precise," Tim remarked. The young former assassin as back in bed with the covers brought up to his chest. The breakfast table was placed right over his lap and on top of the table was Click's severed head. A bunch of chips and such were laid out all over the table. "Anyway, I think we should talk about this."

"Isn't that... Click?" Rock blinked as he stared at the severed head. "Does that mean our football team's actually a bunch of robots? Figured that'd be more of a cheerleading kind of thing."

"Maybe the cheerleading squad are all robots as well," Monica suggested.

"Nah. You can't have more than one clique be robots or it'll lose taste," Rock shook his head.

"Technically, jocks and cheerleaders are of the same clique," Needler put in.

"By the way, John is going to want that head back," Monica said to Tim.

"John?" Tim asked.

"Yes, John and Synn helped me against the hair homunculus I told you about," Monica explained. "Synn is a cyborg with robotic arms and legs. John is a genius who built the robotic arms and legs... and possibly Click. Oh, and they are both in our homeroom! I take it you were the anomaly they were trying to track down?"

"Sounds about right," Tim nodded. "This guy kept asking me if I was with them and wouldn't believe that I was really human."

"Who's them?" Rock asked.

"... the homunculus," Tim replied.

"Oh! Maybe there's a war going on!" Trent's voice suddenly started echoing throughout the room. One of the panels in the ceiling was removed before the dog man dropped down into the room. "They might be making super soldiers, like in that one movie with all the zombies and stuff. Oh! Maybe it's not a war, but an invasion!"

"Did you... make a hole? I can see the next floor's ceiling," Ginger looked up into the hole Trent dropped down from.

"Perhaps not exactly world domination, but it would not be unusual for members of the underground to seek power," Monica surmised.

"How does this connect to the demons?" Tim asked thoughtfully. He turned toward Needler and asked, "What do you think? Are they connected?"

"Eh...? Well..." Needler thought about it for a moment, then replied, "I... guess. I mean... I don't..."

"What does it tell you," Tim asked again.

"....." Needler stared back for a few seconds. "I... I think they're connected. Somehow... that yellow demon... is somehow connected to this."

"I see," Tim replied with a nod. "Where are Synn and John now?"

"I told them that I would check out this side of the hospital for the anomaly," Monica replied. "When I sensed no sign of a homunculus being here, I suspected that maybe they were tracking your signal. John's laptop can pick up signals from when we use our energies. From what I learnt, they picked up on the energy from Needler's and Derek's battle under the bridge. They also picked up a signal from the roof of your apartment building, Tim. Then they picked up a signal from the roof of this hospital."

"Battle? Under the bridge?" Ginger asked with wide-open eyes.

"You're on better terms with them than any of us," Tim said as he tossed Click's head into Monica's hands. "You return the head. In fact, it might be good to get them in on all this. The more allies we have, the better off we'll be."

"Allies? No offense to them or anything, but didn't you two hand them their asses on a platter?" Rock asked with an incredulous look on his face. "They're not gonna be of much use against the demons, ya know. Why are we even getting involved with these homunculus guys, anyway? I thought we were fighting demons!"

"There's a connection, remember?" Tim replied.

"A connection based on some psychic ability given to an indecisive idiot by a dangerous woman we can't really trust," Rock pointed out.

"....." Needler looked a little hurt by that remark.

"I can't be the only one wondering why we gotta buddy up with classmates we barely know to fight a buncha monsters just cause a little blonde bitch says so," Rock growled deeply. He looked toward Needler as though waiting for him to back him up. "You know what I'm talkin' bout, right?"

"Eh...?" Needler looked a little caught off guard. "W-well... the demons were real... so..."

"So we'll just beat them up if and when they show up again," Rock replied. "Better yet, let that fox... snake... whatever she is deal with them. She seemed to be able to handle that blue one pretty well."

"Are you saying that we should turn a blind eye and pretend nothing is happening?" Monica asked as she gave Rock a frighteningly cold stare.

Rock got ready to respond, but froze as soon as he met the sword girl's icy gaze.

Monica kept staring.

"No... I'm not," Rock replied as he looked away.

"I'm suspicious of Sera, too, and I'm sure Monica is as well," Tim stated, "but the threat she claims to be preparing us for is very real."

"Then we will help John, Synn, and Click with their hunts?" Monica asked.

"I don't think we should," Needler suddenly put in. As everyone (except Trent, he was busy throwing water balloons out the window) turned their attention toward him, he hesitated for a moment. Rock made a good point. How reliable is Sera's gift, anyway? Either way, he had to say something now, so... "We should let them handle the tracking and stuff. If they need our help, I'm sure they'll let one of us know. Until then, we should keep doing what we were always doing."

"... kay," Tim nodded. No one else looked ready to argue.

"....." Suddenly, the entire room went into awkward silence.

Splash!

"Haha!!! I totally nailed that bald guy in the head!" Trent laughed. Turning around, he suddenly asked, "So when we gonna get to eat the cake?"

"Cake?" Everyone's eyes turned toward the cake in Ginger's hands.

"Um... yes. Cake. Would everyone like some?" Ginger asked as she gave a nervous smile. Everyone immediately responded positively to eating cake.

After everyone got a slice, Rock walked right up to the foot of Tim's bed.

"By the way... I've been meaning to ask..." Rock began... before yanking Tim's bed sheets away revealing...

Eria...

completely naked...

and giving Tim a blow job.

The nineteen year old slave girl immediately noticed her cover was blown. Taking her master/boyfriend's cock out of her mouth, she looked around at everyone else in the room and blushed.

"Everyone, meet Eria," Tim did not seem affected at all. "Eria, meet everyone."

(To be continued)

*****

"Wait a minute... what happened to that part where Monica fucks Synn with that dildo?" Rock asked.

"I say we show it now!" Trent exclaimed enthusiastically.

"What?" Monica responded with wide-open eyes. "No! Wait a-"

*****

Slish slish slish

Monica was crouching down with one of her knees on the ground between what remained of Synn's legs. She worked the metallic rod in and out of the cyborg girl's flowing cunt, face reddening at the sounds they were making. With her free hand, she reached out and took hold of one of the breasts and gently caressed it to get more out of Synn. She plunged the phallic object deep into the hungry pussy, trying her best to ignore the wetness on her hand.

In almost no time at all, Synn gave out a loud shriek of pleasure as she came from Monica's attentive hands. She pressed the back of her head against the floor and lifted her chest, bending backwards in response to the orgasm. After the tremendous waves finally subsided, she slumped back to the ground, completely spent and exhausted... but finally at peace. As instructed by John, Monica slid the dildo all the way in and locked up the pussy with the chastity belt.

"Well that was interesting," John said. Monica quickly whirled around and immediately noticed the camera in John's hand.

"Wha..."

"This'll make a great addition for the archives," John remarked.

Shing!

The camera was cut in half.

"Um..." John immediately noticed that the tip of the iron bar was pointed at his face.

"....." Monica glared dangerously.

"Won't happen again," John assured her as a drop of sweat rolled down the back of his head.

*****

Character Profile Section:

Name: Specimen 003 (AKA Trent Bloom)
Age: 17
Gender: Male
Species: Chimera (Human/Dog hybrid)
Height: 5' 10"
Weight: 70kg
Occupation: High School Student

Miscellaneous Information:
-Likes all forms of snack junk foods like potato chips and chocolate bars
-Favourite drink is Red Bull
-Favourite season is Summer
-Immune to almost all forms of poison, drugs, etc... (i.e., horse tranquilizers, tear gas, and cyanide)
-Favourite subject is Music
-Has no least favourite subject
-Named his skateboard 'Smiley Face' or SF for short cause of the... smiley face
-Hobbies include pranks, peeping, and public sex

Estimated Physical Statistics (before Sera's training):
Strength: 1500lb dead lift
Speed: 70m/s
Stamina: 150 miles









"Attention! Do not read any further if you are either too young, not allowed to view this kind of content in your region/area/whatever, offended by this kind of material, or related to the author by blood!" Tim announced as he read off a piece of paper from his hospital bed. "In other words: Read at your own risk!"

"Master, can we stop now?" Eria asked as she poked her head out from under the covers.

"Someone might catch us, master," Rebecca added as she poked her head out from under the covers as well.

"You two've already been caught, see?" Tim replied as he pointed at you, the reader.

"Eek!" Both girls quickly dove back under the covers.

*****

The school rooftops gave a nice view of the whole campus. Since students weren't even allowed up there and the doors to them were locked, there were no railings at all. However, some students were known to find another way up there just for the view. As long as they stayed away from the edge and out of view, the chances of them getting caught were minimal at best. Going up there before and after school hours also decreased the chances of getting caught.

The entire east wing casted a large shadow on the schoolyard as the sun slowly rose up out of the horizon. A plethora of colours illuminated the dark clouds set off in the distance. The large bundles of grey clouds were immediately brightened by the light of the rising sun. As the sun rose higher and higher, the shadow cast by the eastern wing slowly receded. Atop the western wing, a lonely girl with short curly brown hair and string-like sideburns sat on the ledge.

"... hey," Synn said after watching the sunrise. "Click?"

"Synn," Click nodded as he approached the girl.

"I see John's managed to fix you up," Synn noted as she took a single glance at the android before turning her attention back on the sun rise.

"For the most part," Click replied as he stopped just a foot behind the cyborg girl.

"I see..." Synn closed her eyes and smiled.

The two remained silent for a long while.

Click looked straight ahead toward the sun.

Synn looked down beneath the sun at the school yard.

She studied the clock, which was in the centre of the yard.

Just an hour before school starts.

"It's not fair," Synn began.

"....." Click continued looking ahead.

"These arms and legs... I miss my real ones, but..." Synn tried to continue, but faltered. Taking a deep breathe, she pressed on, "Those homunculus out there. They're dangerous. The underworld. They're also dangerous. But I can take 'em. As long as I have these arms and legs, I can take 'em. That's what I believed."

"Were you wrong?" Click asked.

"I don't know," Synn replied, gritting her teeth. "You heard, right? That time... I met her. A human girl my age with real flesh and bone arms and legs. She... took on that... monster when I couldn't. She's a girl, like me. Seventeen, like me. Human, like me. She's like me... except she doesn't need metal arms and legs."

"... to fight?"

"Yeah..." Synn sighed. "It's just not fair."

*****
Title: WTF High's School Defence Force - Lesson XIV
Class: 4D
Room: 104
Caged
*****

"Monica Kurenai," Mr. Smith called out as he read off the attendance sheet. As usual, he was reading off the names at random.

"Here."

"Trent Bloom."

Silence.

"Looks like Rock's not here either," Mr. Smith noted. "Candice Spiegelman."

Ginger's eyes drifted toward the empty seat next to her. It's been more than two weeks since she and her friends were kidnapped by that woman with the metal mask and made to serve those... monsters. It was only by luck that one of those monsters decided to bring her along during his hunt. The red demon was killed and Ginger saved by her classmates, Tim and Monica. Her friends, on the other hand, were still in the grasp of that orange demon's hand. She wondered how they were doing. Obviously, they weren't doing well, but... she hoped that they could still be saved.

"Ginger Sacher."

"Here."

"You. Guy who's trying to sneak in after the bell. You're Rocambole today."

"Huh?" Rocambole blinked.

"Not clear enough? Fine, you're Lupin."

"Uh... okay," Lupin replied as he took his seat behind Monica.

Monica was too distracted to notice Lupin getting his nickname of the day for you see, she found a letter in her locker. No, not that kind of letter. It was a letter of challenge. It told her to meet inside the gym at 7pm sharp. It was type-written and left no name, so Monica had no idea who the challenge was from. She had some guesses, but the only way she was going to find out for sure was by going.

*****

"Hey, heard you got a buncha peepholes in the school?" Rock asked as soon as he found Trent high up in a tree behind the school.

"Yep! Every single room," Trent grinned as he hung upside down from a branch. His face ended up right in front of Rock's. Rock immediately took a couple steps back.

"Even the locker rooms?" Rock asked with wide-open eyes.

"Even the locker rooms," Trent replied as he dropped down from the tree. "Why? Wanna take a peek?"

"Course I wanna take a peek," Rock nearly exclaimed. Though he wasn't really all that loud, he decided to lower his voice anyway. "You gotta let me in on it."

"We'll hafta wait till third period, though," Trent replied.

"How come?"

"No one's taking gym for first."

"What about second?"

"Sera's taking that class," Trent explained with a devilish grin.

"Third it is," Rock happily agreed.

"Till then, let's check out the girl's washrooms," Trent suggested.

"Eh...? Not into that kinda stuff."

"What kinda stuff? Girls sneaking off tah meet up and make out in the washrooms stuff?"

"... washrooms it is!"

*****

Tina was troubled. She was very troubled indeed.

She was just glad her homeroom teacher always had his eyes on the board and almost never on the students. Half her classmates were sleeping. Almost all of them were bored out of their minds, so she was pretty sure that none of their eyes were on her. Why would she be worried about anyone having their eyes on her? Well...

*****

It all started during the middle of summer when she browsed the internet for... stuff, when she came upon an erotic story. In the story, the main character was a young woman who experimented with a chastity belt. By the time Tina was done reading the story, her juices soaked right through her panties and made a really obvious stain on her seat. Since then, all she could think about was that story and how it'd be like to wear a chastity belt.

Tina was sure she wouldn't even last a couple days with that kind of thing on her. Well... normally she'd be able to last at least a week without touching herself, but having a metallic contraption like a chastity belt on her made it an entirely different matter. The thought of wearing a chastity belt made her hornier than usual. If she had that on, she would be denied access to her own pussy. The thought of not being able to instead of choosing not to touch herself was enough to set her heart racing. Ever since she read that story, she found herself masturbating to orgasm at least three times a day. A few days went by before she finally decided that she was going to go through with it.

Wearing clothes that didn't stand out and that she seldom wore along with a hat and sunglasses, she took a subway to the other side of town. She did a little research before making this trip. There was a place that sold chastity belts near where she lived, but of course she couldn't bring herself to go there. Instead, she chose the second closest place. A place where, hopefully, no one would recognize her. The chastity belt she bought was the kind that could potentially last forever. It was black with a shiny heart on the crotch. The key hole was inside the heart. There was a hole with a cover for her rear entrance. The inner part of the cover had a six inch butt plug attached to it. There was also a small hole in the front for pissing and menstruating.

The key that came with the belt was heart-shaped and from its size, looked like it could be for a mailbox. Having the key to her belt just wasn't the same as being denied, so she decided to do the same thing the protagonist from the story she read did. She mailed the key to herself.

Tina knew that her parents would get suspicious if she kept sending the key to herself, so she sent it somewhere else. She set up a post office box that was reachable by subway, but far enough that she wouldn't have the time to get there except on weekends (she had two summer jobs). Every week, she makes the trip to the post office box to retrieve the key. She would take the key home and wait until she was sure everyone else in the house was asleep. Only then would she unlock her belt and reward herself with orgasm after orgasm after...

The next day, she would put the chastity belt back on and mail the key to her box again. After three weeks of this, she got a little more daring. She went back to the adult toy shop where she bought the chastity belt. She bought two ben wa balls. One had a drop of mercury inside while the other had a tiny vibrating metal tongue. Since then, she found herself in a constant state of arousal, which she could do nothing about until she made her weekly trip. Even after school started, she continued this practice.

Then, one day...

"....." Tina stared at the open empty box.

The key wasn't there.

The key got lost in the mail.

The key was gone.

*****

A week went by.

It's been two weeks since her last orgasm.

She went back to the box to check again and wasn't surprised to find it empty. At this point, she was clearly panicking. What was she supposed to do now? Should she find a way to saw open the chastity belt? The constant rocking of the ben wa balls in her wet and hungry pussy made that solution more attractive by the minute. The belt could last forever, so she seriously considered wearing it forever. Not surprisingly, she decided that she couldn't do it. Despite this being perhaps her greatest and most erotic fantasy ever coming true, she knew she couldn't do it. She'd go crazy if she tried.

It was Monday.

More than two weeks had passed since her last orgasm.

She had tried to get one by stimulating her breasts.

She tried sticking things inside her asshole.

All she did was make herself so horny that her juices started spilling out of the tiny hole for her urine. In the end, she had to resign herself to her fate. There was absolutely no way she was going to get any relief until she found a way to get her belt off. Problem was, she couldn't do it alone.

Just like every day since school started, the day seemed to last forever. Every day she went to school, she had to endure and hide her own arousal. Every movement she made, no matter how small, set the ben wa balls to work. The most embarrassing moments came during gym class. Surprisingly, there were other girls who performed just as badly as she did, which almost made her wonder if they were hiding the same thing she was. She always changed in the stalls to hide her belt and waited until everyone else was done showering before she showered. After a week of this, she got used to it.

On Monday, during homeroom, Mr. Smith asked Tina to see him after school. The poor girl had no idea what the teacher wanted to talk to her about. Many questions ran through her head at once. The question that stood out the most was "did he somehow notice"? If he did, then is that why he wanted to see her after school?

Oh God!

"Mr. Smith? Did you want to see me?" Tina asked as she poked her head into the classroom. She nervously entered and approached her homeroom teacher.

"Yes, I did," Mr. Smith replied with that same indifferent grouchy look he always wore. "The thing is, I noticed you were a little... distracted today. More so than usual, of course. Almost like something was troubling you."

"Um..." Tina wasn't sure how to respond. Her face was red for more reasons than one. Despite this, she had to wonder how Mr. Smith could notice such a thing when his eyes were on the board all the time.

"I have a post office box I go to every other Sunday, see," Mr. Smith explained as he pulled out a very familiar looking envelope. He placed it on his desk in front of his wide-eyed student. "They must've accidently put your mail in mine. Ours is right next to each other's. That's probably why."

"Oh my god..." Tina couldn't help but shed a tear as she picked up the envelope. Tearing it open, she dropped the heart-shaped key into her open hand. Clutching it close to her heart, she softly sobbed to herself.

"It's important to you, isn't it?" Mr. Smith observed. "Since you've got what you wanted, you'll start paying more attention in class, right?"

"Yes... thank you... Mr. Smith," Tina sobbed as she wiped away her tears.

"It just wound up in my box by accident, okay?" Mr. Smith replied as he leaned back and crossed his arms. "I'll see you tomorrow."

Nodding, Tina exited the classroom and started heading home. She had a lot of... 'catching up' to do.

*****

Lupin was doing a lot of thinking up on the rooftop.

He chose to sit up on the rooftop because of... well... because of that. He just wasn't sure whether he should keep trusting it or not. Rock made a valid point. Could Sera be trusted? If she couldn't be trusted... then how could he trust her gift?

The youngster sighed. There was nothing he could do about it right now. Sooner or later, that orange demon was going to show up again. That creepy white haired guy with the nasty tentacles could show up again. Another guy like Derek might also show up again. He didn't want to admit it, but he was already getting used to the idea of fighting these super powered monsters. He had Sera's gift to thank for that. That much he was certain now.

*****

To say that Tina was relieved would be an understatement. She was rushing down the hallway, happily clutching the heart-shaped key to her modest chest. Her dyed blonde hair swished after her as she rounded the corner. She couldn't believe her luck! She was tempted to just rush into the nearest washroom and frig herself there, but she knew she couldn't risk it. She had to play it safe. She had to make absolute sure that she was going to get to bring herself off. Just a little longer and she'll be able to go into the safety and comfort of her room, lock her door, and satisfy her starving little pussy.

Her happiness was short lived.

Before she knew it, she found herself sprawled face first against the floor. Luckily for her, she was wearing jeans so her chastity belt wasn't exposed. Unluckily for her, her heart-shaped key flew out of her hand, skidding along the floor until it stopped several feet from her. Clambering on her hands and feet, she reached out to grab it, but...

"Tina! You should be more careful," Angela giggled in her usual mocking manner after stepping on the heart-shaped key. Standing behind her were Pamela and Heather. Tina looked behind her and wasn't surprised to see Nicole leaning back against the lockers with her foot sticking out. She turned her eyes back on Angela with fear radiating along her spine.

Angela Palmers. You know the type. Head cheerleader. Rich girl. Powerful parents. Used to getting anything she wanted. Had a snobby attitude and looked down on almost everyone, including teachers. Also so incredibly hot and sexy that despite her bitchy attitude, she was one of if not the most popular girl at Windroy Twelve Forrest Secondary School. Indeed, her natural blonde hair, ocean blue eyes, and curvaceous body was desired by every straight male, gay female, and bisexuals of both sexes who attended WTF High. She had b-cup breasts and a taut and flat stomach along with very flexible legs that seemed to go on forever.

Pamela was Angela's devoted second-in-commander and was just as much a bitch as Angela was in every way possible. She was also on the cheerleading squad; no surprise there. She had tanned skin, hazel brown eyes, and curly copper brown hair that reached just past her shoulders. Though she was used to standing in Angela's shadow, her cheerleader-built body and c-cup breasts did not go unnoticed by the general student population. Her popularity was almost as good as Angela's.

Nicole had dark green eyes and dark bistre brown hair just long enough to cover her ears. Out of all the cheerleaders, she was the smallest, lightest, and most flexible of them. She had an almost flat chest, but that just added to her cuteness factor. As a result, she had her own kind of popularity. She still had a rotten attitude, though, like all of Angela's 'friends'.

"See? It's clumsiness like this is why you'll never make the squad," Angela giggled as she crouched down to bring her face closer to Tina's. "Don't worry. I'm sure lots of guys find girls who easily fall on their hands and knees attractive."

"Oh please. You think she's into guys?" Pamela laughed behind her hand. "She was totally coming on to us during try-outs."

"So she's clumsy and perverted," Nicole put in with a grin.

Tina remembered the humiliation she suffered when she tried out for cheerleading near the start of the school year. Angela had arranged it so that applicants had to wear "try-out" outfits while trying out. The "try-out" outfit Tina wore was purposely picked out by one of Angela's 'friends' to be several sizes too small and easily rippable. The routine she was given was also designed to humiliate her, which involved a lot crawling on her hands and knees and doing very... suggestive poses. Several of the 'less popular' girls were given the same treatment and their humiliation was recorded and kept by Pamela.

Lifting the back of her foot, the blonde cheerleader picked up the heart-shaped key and waved it in front of Tina. "This important to you?"

"N-no... not really..." Tina tried to pretend that the key didn't matter to her, in hopes that Angela wouldn't use it against her.

"Then you won't mind if I... say... flush it down the toilet?" Angela grinned as she headed toward the girl's washroom.

"Wait! Please don't do that!" Tina clambered to her knees and grabbed Angela by the wrist.

Whap!

Tina was stunned after feeling the stinging blow from Angela's backhanded slap. Tears welled up in her eyes as she held her right cheek, where she was slapped. Angela slapped her? She was known for being mean and cruel, but an actual physical assault?

"Don't touch me, pig," Angela spat into Tina's face before going into the girl's washroom. Pamela, Nicole, and Heather followed suit.

"Wait! Please! Wait a minute!" Tina screeched as she ran into the washroom after the four girls. As soon as she stepped into the washroom, Heather and Pamela grabbed her by the upper arms, dragged it in front of one of the stalls, and forced her down on her knees.

"Are you asking or are you begging? If you're begging, it's only right that you do it properly and lower your head," Pamela sneered. "Isn't that right, Heather?"

"Right," Heather replied with a forced grin.

"What's the matter, Heather? Not into it today?" Pamela asked with a quirked eyebrow.

"Nothing's the matter. Just forget about it," Heather replied.

"Whatever," Pamela shrugged before returning her attention toward Tina. "So, you want your key back, pig?"

"Y-yes... please..." Tina whimpered.

"I can't believe she responded to 'pig'," Angela laughed as she stood right next to the open stall and within tossing distance from the toilet. Nicole was right next to the toilet, ready to flush on Angela's signal. "Is that your name, pig?"

"Yes..." Tina conceded.

"Yes what? Say it properly," Angela commanded. "Actually, hold on a minute there. Pamela, you still got your camera on you?"

"You really think I can carry that thing around all the time? My cell phone cam should do, though," Pamela grinned mischievously.

"We've all got cams in our cell phones," Angela rolled her eyes.

"Not like this one, you don't," Pamela replied as she pulled out her cell phone.

"Is that...?"

"Works better than your average handheld cam," Pamela explained as she turned on the camera in her cell phone. "We'll get to watch the pig suffer in HD."

"How's that any different from what we usually do?" Heather muttered.

"Oh... nice!" Angela rubbed her hands and grinned evilly. "Is it recording?"

"Pig's not mean enough," Nicole said. "Why don't we go for... pervy cum-filled bitch slut?"

"Nice! It's a mouthful, though," Angela replied. "Let's go with slutty bitch."

"Hold... three... two... action!"

"So, Slutty Bitch" Angela smirked as she looked down at Tina with an evil look in her eyes. "That's your name? Slutty Bitch?"

"Y-yes..." Tina trailed off, paused for a couple seconds, and then added, "My name is Slutty Bitch."

"That means you fuck dogs, doesn't it?" Angela asked. "Do you love dogs, Slutty Bitch?"

"I... I love fuck... ing dogs..." Tina lowered her gaze.

"Hey, wait a minute. I can't see your face," Pamela said. "Look up here, Slutty Bitch, and say it again."

"I love... fucking dogs," Tina repeated, this time, looking into the camera.

"That makes you a dog, doesn't it, Slutty Bitch?"

"Yes... I am a dog..." Tina tried to look away, but decided not to when she noticed the look in Angela's eyes.

"Dogs don't speak, do they?" Angela asked as she leaned down to sneer in Tina's face. "They bark. Don't you think you should also be barking, Slutty Bitch?"

"Um..." Tina wasn't quite sure how to answer that. "Y-ye-"

Whack!

Angela slapped Tina in the face, again. Tears were flowing freely from the humiliated girl's swelling eyes.

"Arf... arf..." Tina managed to bark out weakly.

"Good girl," Angela cooed as she petted Tina on the head. Unzipping her purse, she took out a pink leash and collar. She placed the collar on Tina, then attached the leash before standing back up again.

"You walk around with a leash and collar in your purse?" Pamela raised an eyebrow.

"Best way to bring the freshmen down a peg," Angela replied with a hand wave. "Nothing like showing who's in charge than with a nice stroll around the school."

"Ah, yes," Pamela grinned. "The old 'video project' excuse."

"Not really an excuse if we're really doing a video project," Angela grinned back as she pulled Tina along out the washroom. "Besides, not like any teacher's dumb enough to mess me. They know who my parents are. Come along now, Slutty Bitch. We're going for a walk."

"Hehe," Nicole giggled as she ran up behind Tina to kick her in the ass. "Get a move on, little doggy."

*****

What happened that night that Heather and I couldn't remember? Sandra asked herself as she sat there in the library with textbooks piled up in front of her. Ever since that fateful night, she went around school trying to find out what happened. There weren't a whole lot of people who stayed after school, but there were enough to make asking worthwhile. The football team claimed that they didn't remember anything at all. One of them let slip that they were drinking, but Sandra wasn't sure that helped at all. She knew about hangovers and neither she nor Heather had it when they woke up in bed together.

Date rape drug? It was possible, but unlikely. She didn't remember accepting anything strange from anyone. Heather didn't accept a drink from anyone, either. Heather having a larger memory gap was also a strange factor. Considering the circumstances, she had to rule out the obvious: Drugs, alcohol, and trauma.

Trauma... might not be bad start, though. For some very odd reason, both she and Heather felt strangely uncomfortable whenever Derek was around. When she tried to ask Derek about that night, he just grew very uncomfortable, said he didn't remember anything, and ran off. Strange... but Sandra believed him. Besides, she didn't want to be anywhere near the guy for as long as she could help it.

Ms. Quartz was another dead-end. Since the last thing Sandra remembered was heading back to English class to get her notes. Like everyone else, the English teacher grew uncomfortable, said she didn't remember anything, and ran off. That really bothered her. What the hell happened that night?

Sandra lazily placed her head on her fist as she casually flipped through one of the random books she found on the table she was using. As she flipped through the pages, her eyes fell upon the title of one of the articles: Berserkers.

Suddenly, a disturbing image popped into her mind. In it, she saw bloody scenery of a defeated football team and a lone warrior standing over them all. At first, she saw only his back and the blood dripping from his battle-hardened fists. A murderous aura surrounded this bloody warrior, sending chills up and down the girl's spine. Then... she saw his face.

"Fallout," Sandra gasped after snapping out of it. Shaking her head, she rubbed her right temple and muttered, "Or... Lupin. Whatever. What the hell was that? Was that really him?"

The dark-haired girl's eyes fell upon the article about Berserkers, then decided to read about them:

The modern definition of a Berserker is that of a warrior who is usually gentle in nature, but becomes a bloodthirsty and will fight recklessly with no regard for even his/her own life in the middle of a battlefield. The original definition is that of a Norse warrior who wore pelts of wolf or bear and carried a spear into battle. They were believed to have fought while in an uncontrollable rage and trance of fury. Sometimes described as Odin's special warriors.

"This doesn't help me at all," Sandra sighed as she closed the book. "I guess I'll just have to... I don't know... investigate Lupin or something. I should probably tell Heather about this. Let her know that Lupin might be dangerous. Wonder what she's doing right now."

*****

"You know, this would be a whole lot more fun if we had a bigger audience," Pamela grumbled as she walked along, filming Tina crawling along the dark and creepy hallways.

"It's what happens when you've got a school bigger than the student population," Heather replied. "Higher-ups're still hoping more students'll apply here."

"Hush, you two," Angela said as she pulled Tina along by leash. "You're breaking the mood."

"You mean the dark and creepy mood?" Pamela snorted. "Even without the ghosts and chainsaws, this is looking more like a horror film than... whatever this is supposed to be."

"You're right. We gotta change something if we want this to turn out right," Angela replied. Turning toward Tina, she ordered, "Take off your shirt."

"Wh-what?" Tina wasn't prepared for that.

"Did I stutter or something? Take off your shirt," Angela repeated. "If you don't, we'll do it for you. We won't stop at the shirt, though. Unless you want to end up stark naked, take off your shirt."

Trembling, Tina obediently took off her shirt, revealing A-cup breasts. She absolutely couldn't risk letting Angela see her chastity belt! The leash was still in the way, but Angela simply had to slide the shirt off her end of the leash to remedy that. Smirking, the natural blonde cheerleader tossed the shirt into Heather's hands before going back to chastising her victim of the day.

"Smile for the camera," Angela taunted as she tugged on the leash. "Why don't you play with them? Show the world what a fucking slut you are."

Tina obeyed and started stroking her already hardened nipples, causing her to allow a moan to escape her lips. The frustration she had to endure over the past two weeks didn't help at all. Her mind was getting fuzzy as she desperately tried to hide her obvious excitement from the girls bullying her. She wanted an orgasm so badly, but she couldn't even if she didn't mind doing it in front of such an audience!

"Oh my god, she's enjoying this!" Pamela laughed as she recorded the entire sexual display happening in front of her.

"Ten bucks says she's wet," Angela smirked. "Slutty Bitch. Drop your pants. We wanna see if your panties're wet."

Tina froze at that last command. She couldn't. She absolutely couldn't! If she took off her jeans, they'll know! She furiously shook her head and begged, "Please... don't. I can't. I really can't. Please don't make me do it."

"Okay, fine," Angela shrugged nonchalantly. "If you don't want to do it, we won't force you."

"R-really...?" Tina asked, her voice filled with a little bit of hope.

"Really," Angela smiled sweetly at the other blonde. Reaching into her pocket, she pulled out the heart-shaped key and held it out for Tina to take. "Here."

"Th-thank you," Tina stammered as she reached out to take it.

Nicole opened up a window, which Angela threw the key through.

Tina screamed as she ran toward the window to catch it, but it was too late. The key went pretty far, since they were on the fourth floor and Angela had a good arm. The topless teen tried to figure out where the key landed, but couldn't spot even a glitter in the tall grass of the football field, just past the basketball court. It'd take hours, if not days, to find it.

"Have fun looking for it, Slutty Bitch," Angela laughed as she walked away. "Keep the leash and collar. The look suits you."

"This is what happens when you don't do as you're told, pervert," Pamela intentionally knocked into Tina as she passed on by to follow Angela.

"Silly little doggy," Nicole snickered as she smacked Tina in the ass before following Angela and Pamela.

"Do yourself a favour next time and just stop pretending you're not a slut, slut," Heather joined in as she dropped Tina's shirt before running off to catch up with the others.

"No... why..." Tina sobbed as she stared at the football field. Snapping out of it, she backed away from the window, grabbed her shirt, and ran down the hall, opposite of where those bullies headed. She was going to find her key, even if she had to search till morning.

*****

"You're lost, aren't you?" Rock grumbled as he followed along behind Trent through the narrow passageways. For a crawlspace, there was quite a bit of room to move around, but it was still cramped in there. Right now, they were making their way under the floorboards, which held a very neat surprise to the youngsters. They could see through the floors from the bottom while, obviously, no one could see from above. They had a fun time looking up at girls' panties. Unfortunately, far fewer girls wore skirts than they thought.

"I know where we are," Trent replied. "We're between the third and fourth floor, near the teacher's lounge."

"And the exit?" Rock asked.

"No idea," Trent answered.

"You're lost," Rock grumbled.

"Being lost means not knowing where you are," Trent replied with a grin. "We know where we are, therefore we are not lost."

"But you don't know where the exit is!" Rock exclaimed angrily.

"The exit is lost," Trent shrugged.

"The exit's not the one who's lost," Rock growled. "You're the one who's lost."

"If the exit's not lost, then how come we can't find it even though we know where we are?" Trent asked.

"YOU don't know where YOU are!" Rock shouted. "Stop saying we when we're talking about you!"

"I'm talking about how we're talking about me, which means we're talking about we," Trent replied.

"Oh for the love of...! I'm outta here!" Rock planted the palms of his hands against the roof of the passageway, then stood up.

Crash!

Creating a hole in the fourth floor floorboards, Rock tossed away the debris before climbing out of the hole.

"....." Sandra stared.

"....." Rock stared back.

"Whoo! I found a penny!" Trent exclaimed while still under the floorboards, drawing the attentions of both Sandra and Rock at the same time.

*****

"Ugh..." Lupin groaned as he sat up. He dozed off on the school rooftop while he was doing some thinking about the past few days. He immediately noticed the gloomy air and the orangey hue in the approaching night sky. He turned toward the sun and, with the start, realized that it was close to setting. Just how long had he been out for?

Jumping to his feet, he made his way toward the edge of the rooftop, careful to make sure that there was no one still around to see him. At least no one with the authority to punish him for being up on the roof, anyway.

Glancing about, his eyes fell upon a solitary figure out on the football field. Upon closer inspection, he noticed that the figure was female and a little too busy looking for something in the tall grass to even bother looking up at all. He recognized her as a classmate from his homeroom, named Tina. He was quite to find her attractive, just like a lot of the girls from class. In fact, come to think of it, all the hottest girls seemed to be in his homeroom. Lupin wondered how he missed that, but realized the answer was obvious.

Grabbing hold of his umbrella and backpack, he jumped off the edge of the school building. He quickly opened up his umbrella and, defying physics, floated softly to the ground. Once his feet were touching the floor of the basketball court, he folded up his umbrella and slid it into a strap on the side of his backpack. He made one more look-around to make sure no one noticed his little stunt before heading toward the football field.

"Hi," Lupin said.

"Huh?" Tina jumped up a little before snapping her head up toward Lupin. A nervous tone could be heard from her voice. "H-hi."

"Um... you lost something?" Lupin asked as he looked away, a little embarrassed for startling Tina.

"Y-yes... a key..." Tina replied as she sadly looked down at the ground. Suddenly, she looked at Lupin with a hopeful look in her eyes. "Did you find it? It's heart-shaped and the size for opening mailboxes."

"No, sorry," Lupin shook his head.

"Oh... that's okay, then..." Tina replied as she went back on her search.

"....." Lupin turned around and took several steps away from Tina. Looking over his shoulder to make sure that his classmate wasn't looking, he pressed his hands together and began his technique.

*****

Several days ago...

"It's... it's glowing!" Spike (later to be known as Lupin) exclaimed happily as he held up his blue gemstone for Monica to see. He was waist-deep in water with only his baggy shorts on and the gemstone around his neck. "It's finally glowing!"

"I noticed," Monica replied with a smile on her face. She was sitting on the sandy beach with her knees pulled up to her chest.

It was night time in Sera's backyard. Well... not quite Sera's backyard. Sera's backdoor led to another part of the world; maybe even a different world altogether. Spike and Monica were selected to train at the beach, since their energy training was water-based. Monica was already adept at using water-based spiritual energy, so she spent most of her time training Spike. So far, Spike had only been able to create brief flashes with his gemstone, but now... it was shining as clearly as possible.

*Full moon's out... probably got somethin' tah do wid it*, Monica thought to herself as she looked up at the full moon. She turned back toward Spike, noticing the faint aura that developed around the young man's body. "Spike, you are glowing. That means you have an aura, now."

"Yeah... feels... a little like... water," Spike replied as he looked down at the faint glow enveloping his body. He lifted his hands up and stare at the glow some more.

"Spike," Monica got to her feet and started taking her shirt and jeans off, revealing her bandage-style swimsuit. She walked into the warm water until the surface reached her knees. "Come over here. I want to teach you something new."

"Y-yeah?" Spike wore a face of excitement as he sloshed over to where Monica stood. His face was red, since Monica's bindings were so form-fitting that she might as well be naked.

"Let us talk about territory," Monica grinned.

"Territory?" Spike blinked, snapping out of it.

"I guess you have not noticed it yet," Monica replied. "When I said 'territory', I was talking about your aura's territory. Now that you can produce it, you can learn to expand it and create a 'territory' of energy around you. You will also be able to 'feel' everything within your territory."

As though to demonstrate, Monica released her light blue aura, creating a healthy glow that put Spike's to shame. She expanded her aura until she created a sphere of energy large enough to encompass both herself and Spike. The first thing Spike noticed about the aura was that it was... soothing. It was warm. Hot, even. Kind of like a hot spring.

"Um..." Monica blushed as she covered her mouth with her hand. She immediately shook her head to get rid of her embarrassment. Before Spike could ask any questions, she said, "Put your hands behind your back and hold up as many fingers as you want."

"Um... okay..." Spike blinked, a little confused as he held up six fingers behind his back.

"Your right is holding up two fingers while your left is holding up four," Monica stated.

"Wow, that's ri-" Spike began.

"You are also missing a tooth from the upper-right and you have three scratches on the back of your ankle," Monica continued. "There are currently three fishes and one crab behind me. In fact, one of the fish is about to swim right by my left ankle."

"....." Spike looked behind Monica and, indeed, she was right. He also noticed that one of the fish was about to swim past Monica's left ankle. He got to watch as the fish was kicked out of the water and onto the sandy beach, where it flopped about uselessly before it passed out and died.

"We will continue the lesson tomorrow," Monica blushed as she turned around and headed back to the beach.

"Eh...?" Spike tilted his head in confusion, then realized that even if he was wearing baggy shorts, if Monica knew how many fingers he was holding up behind his back, then she'd know what else was... up. Blushing furiously, he used his hands to hide his erection and sank into the water until only the top part of his head was above the surface.

*****

The feeling was familiar to him. It was like a living dream. The aura that came out and surrounded him felt just like that dream. That dream where he found himself drowning in the depths of the ocean. That suffocating atmosphere was back, but this time he could handle it. He controlled it. He lowered the pressure as he expanded his territory, so as not to cause too powerful of an aura.

Lupin felt as though he could float through the air. All he had to do was jumped up a bit and let his aura carry him. However, he remained firmly planted to the ground. He reached out with his thoughts and feelings in order to make his expelled energy truly his own. If he lost control of his energy, his territory would be about as useful as clipped toenails. With this in mind, he increased his concentration and focused on searching for that key.

The further he expanded his territory, the less he was able to sense with his aura. Right now, it was a sphere of energy connected to his soul. Experimenting with it a bit, he changed the shape of his territory so that it was the shape of a dome with the top of it just over his head. The shape wasn't quite perfect for the aura was more gaseous than liquid, but it'll have to do. With this, he was able to increase his range until he covered half the football field. No luck. He took a walk to the other side of the field to check that part for the key as well. Still no luck.

Wha... what was... that? Tina froze as she felt the mass of energy envelope her. She found herself unable to move for she was overwhelmed by the slight change in atmosphere. If Lupin had not lowered the pressure, she would be on the ground writhing in pain right about now. Instead, she was frozen in place and afraid to looked behind her for the source. It didn't even enter her mind that Lupin was right behind her!

"Huh... no luck..." Lupin muttered to himself as he broke up his territory and stopped the technique. He returned most of his energy back into his body. Looking around, he realized that small fragments of his broken territory were cast into the wind, but a small amount like that wouldn't have any lasting effects. He decided to ignore the fragments and turn his attention back on the lost key.

It's... it's gone, Tina blinked as she felt herself able to move again. Getting up, she quickly looked around for the source of the really overwhelming feeling just now. Turning around, her eyes fell upon Lupin, who was still standing there. She studied his face to see if he also felt that amazing pressure just now. She was surprised to see her classmate's serious face.

"Maybe..." Lupin muttered to himself as he walked over toward one of the goalposts. That strange feeling returned. The one that told him what to do. Sera's gift was active once again.

He looked up.

"Hey, Tina! I think I found your key!" Lupin exclaimed as he pointed toward the top of the goal post he was under.

"R-really?!" Tina quickly rushed over next to Lupin as her eyes followed his finger.

It was there. Only the top part of the heart was off the edge and therefore the only part visible, but Tina was sure it was the right key. All she had to do now was get it down.

"Thank you so much, Lupin!" Tina wrapped her arms around Lupin and gave him a hug. After that, she went toward the pole and attempted to climb up. Unfortunately, it was not made for climbing. She barely touched the crossbar when she slid back down to earth.

"Um... wanna try hitting it? Might cause the key to fall," Lupin suggested as he gave the goalpost a kick.

Ding!

The goalposts vibrated, but the key didn't fall.

"It's... not falling," Tina said. A hint of sadness was evident in her voice.

"Huh... maybe a little harder..." Lupin blinked as he looked up at the key. He drew back his hand and gave the goalpost a good smack.

Vring!

"....." Tina continued staring up at her key with a worried look on her face.

"Oh shoot... I think I made the key go in more," Lupin said as he looked back up the goalpost. For the third hit, he drew back his fist and allowed spiritual energy to seep into it. As he launched his punch into the goalpost, he said, "Maybe it'll fall from the other side!"

Crack! Boom!

"Boom?" Lupin blinked.

The goalposts fell over.

"Um..." Lupin stared at the broken goalposts for a long moment, then turned toward Tina, whose eyes were wide like saucers. "You're not going to tell anyone, are you?"

Tina shook her head. No, she was not.

"Thanks!" Lupin replied with a nervous grin.

"Meow!" A kitten with grey fur suddenly appeared next to the broken goalpost. He was incredibly small, as though he could fit on the palm of your hand. His large green eyes stared up at Lupin and Tina as he sat down on his hind legs. He looked from side to side before rolling around in the grass.

"Oh look, a kitten!" Lupin crouched down to take a better look at the kitten. He reached out to pet the kitten on the head.

"Um... Lupin... I don't see the key anyway," Tina said as she walked around the broken goalposts to find her key.

"It shouldn't have gotten very far, though," Lupin tilted his head curiously as he continued stroking the kitten's back.

"It should be around here..." Tina muttered to herself as she continued her search.

"Right... around here," Lupin replied absent-mindedly. He stroked the kitten under the chin when he noticed something shining under the paw. He lifted the kitten's paw and there it was: The heart-shaped key. As he picked it up, the kitten grabbed it with his teeth and tugged. "Okay, little kitty. Just let go, okay? Tina! I found it!"

"R-really?" Tina spun around again to see the key in the kitten's mouth and Lupin awkwardly trying to grab it.

"Ah... he swallowed it..." Lupin blinked.

"....." Both Lupin and Tina remained motionless as they stared at the kitten.

"Hack!" The kitten spat the key out, then walked away.

"....." Both Lupin and Tina remained motionless as they stared at the key.

"Got!" Lupin declared with a huge grin on his face as he happily held the key up victoriously.

"Thank you so mu-" Tina began.

"Caw!" A crow interrupted Tina, swooped down, and snatched the key right out of Lupin's hand.

"....." Both Lupin and Tina remained motionless as they stared at the crow.

"Did you see that coming?" Tina asked.

"No... probably should've, though," Lupin replied.

Both of them ran off after the crow.

*****

"What the hell was that?" Sandra's head snapped toward the window as soon as she heard a large crashing sound.

"Um... that would be... Lupin breaking the goalposts?" Rock replied as he looked out through the window toward the football field.

"Aw... no fair. He promised we'd break stuff together," Trent grumbled as he rested his chin on the window sill.

That's... that's him! That's the guy from that weird vision I had in the library! Sandra exclaimed in her head. She blinked for a second, then snapped her head toward Rock and Trent. "Wait a minute! First thing's first! Why were you two under the floorboards?"

"We got lost," Rock shrugged.

"No, the exit lost us," Trent corrected.

"What he said," Rock agreed.

"Ah, I see," Sandra nodded her head in an understanding manner. Suddenly, she burst angrily, "That tells me nothing!"

"Uh huh... kind of the point, actually," Rock explained. "We're telling you nothing."

"How... how's he able to do that?" Sandra asked, pointing toward the broken goalposts. "Is he some kind of monster or something?"

"How'd you know he broke it?" Rock asked with a raised eyebrow. "Lightning could've struck there. Maybe a van crashed into it."

"I'm not stupid, you know," Sandra replied. "You really think I'd miss a giant flash of light right before those goalposts fell? And a truck wouldn't be able to get away so quick! There aren't even any tire tracks!"

"That girl could've done it," Trent offered.

"....." Rock didn't have anything to add to that.

"With a baseball bat," Trent added with a grin.

"Anyway, you seem awfully calm for someone who just saw two guys pop out of the floorboards and a third guy break a pair of goalposts with his bare fists... or feet," Rock observed. "What do you know about us?"

"I... well..." Sandra stammered as her face reddened. She couldn't mention that awkward morning when she woke up next to Heather. She promised she'd keep it a secret. "I... I saw... him... on the football field... with blood all over him... and the football team... on the ground... all around him..."

"Oh..." Rock blinked. He realized that Sandra was talking about that time when Derek took control of the Ms. Quartz, Heather, Sandra, and the football team. He was surprised that Sandra remembered, though, since he was told that they didn't remember a thing.

"You know something about that, don't you!" Sandra exclaimed as she pointed at Rock with an accusatory finger. "Tell me what you know!"

"What else do you know about us," Rock growled threateningly. He wasn't about to let this girl boss him around.

"I told you already," Sandra replied angrily. "Now tell me what you know!"

"Like hell I will!" Rock growled back. "You don't actually know anything, do you?"

"I know enough to be suspicious," Sandra shot back. "Your reactions already tell me you're hiding something and I wanna know what!"

"We're not hiding anything!" Rock barked.

"Like hell you're not!" Sandra barked back.

"Even if we are, it's none of your business!" Rock shouted.

"I could get both of you kicked out for that damn hole in the floor, you know!" Sandra shouted back.

"You threatening me? Go the fuck ahead! Tell everyone bout the damn hole!"

"I think I won't?!"

"They'll let me off with a week's suspension or two!"

"For a damn hole in the floor?! Get real!"

"Hey, isn't that the hot chick we saw in the girl's washroom?" Trent asked as he pointed toward Tina. "You know, the one who got bullied by those four other hot chicks?"

"....." Both Rock and Sandra stopped arguing after what Trent said.

"Chick seems like an old word, though. Maybe I shouldn't use it, after all," Trent scratched the back of his head in confusion. "Let's see... maybe... chick + babe = babick? No... Chibe? No... maybe a completely new word, like bi-"

"You idiot!" Rock smashed his fist against the back of Trent's head, causing the window in front of Trent to shatter.

"What? Bitch means female dog, so it can't be a bad word," Trent replied as he rubbed the back of his head.

"I meant bout letting slip bout what we saw!" Rock shouted.

"We were gonna report it anyway, right?" Trent shrugged.

"Anonymously, Trent," Rock grumbled. "Anonymously."

"Oh ho... peeping, hmm?" Sandra was grinning quite sadistically at this point.

"Shit..." Rock muttered under his breath.

*****

It was 7:00pm sharp.

Monica double-checked her watch as she walked into the empty gym. The sounds of her footsteps echoed throughout the hollow darkness. Her sneakers squeaked as they made their way across the polished floors. Her left hand gripped the sheath of her shinken tightly and securely. Her eyes were used to seeing through darkness, so she was quick to make out the shape of her opponent standing at the opposite end of the gym. She couldn't say she was surprised.

"Glad you came," Synn smiled gleefully as she presented her metallic tonfas.

"I take it you want to finish what we started?" Monica asked as she flicked the hand guard on her sword with her thumb so that a sliver of blade was exposed.

"Our last fight was based on a misunderstanding, so no," Synn replied. "That's why I sent you an official challenge. This isn't a continuation. This is a fight between two people. That's all."

"Fine by me," Monica agreed.

Both girls rushed at each other.

(To be continued)

*****

Character Profile Section:

Name: Richard 'Rock' Cross
Age: 17
Gender: Male
Species: Human
Height: 6' 5"
Weight: 107kg
Occupation: High School Student, Diner Cook, Summoner-In-Training

Miscellaneous Information:
-Likes cooking, drawing, crossword puzzles, and listening to music
-Favourite drink is Labatt Blue
-Favourite season is Summer
-Has a Zippo lighter with the symbol for marijuana engraved on it.
-Favourite subject is Home Ec. and Science
-Least Favourite subject is English and Math
-Hobbies include hanging out with friends

Estimated Physical Statistics (before Sera's training):
Strength: 4900lb dead lift
Speed: 8m/s
Stamina: 440 miles









"Attention! Do not read any... further if you are... either too young... not allowed... to view this... kind of content... in your region... area... whatever... offended by this... kind of material... or related to... the author... by blood!" Lupin gasped out the words as he and Tina ran through the night air, trying to catch the crow with the key. "In other... words: Read... at your... own... risk!"

"Who are you talking to?" Tina asked as she continued running along beside Lupin. Her face was reddened not directly because of the running, but because the ben wa balls were getting as much a workout as she was.

"Um... look! The crow dropped the key!" Lupin exclaimed as he pointed toward the crow. Sure enough, the heart-shaped key fell from the crow's beak and landed... in the back of a pick-up truck. Before either Lupin or Tina could react, the truck was already pulling away. "Aw, c'mon!"

*****

Clang!

Ting!

Zip!

Crash!

The gym... well... what was left of it, anyway, echoed the grunts and groans the two girls made as they exchanged blows. Synn's destructive tonfa left huge holes in the walls, floor, and ceiling. Motoko's deadly blade left giant cuts in the walls, floor, and ceiling. The windows were shattered and remnants of the lights littered the floor. One of the basketball hoops was torn clean off and the bleachers were crushed right down the middle.

Both of the girls decided to take their fight up in the rafters. They jumped around from beam to beam, trying to get a good hit on the other. Synn was not just good at using her tonfas for causing massive damage to her enemies, but she was also good at defending herself with them. Motoko, on the other hand, only had one blade to defend herself with, but her skill, technique, and footwork more than made up for that. After their weapons clashed for the umpteenth time, they dropped back down onto the gym floor.

The auras they exuded were powerful and conflicted against each other. The opposing forces pushed against each other, attempting to exert dominance over the other. The strength of these two girls was so strong that even a normal person could see the brilliant mixture of red and blue light enveloping the entire gym. They swirled about the room, doing their best to protect their respective generals of this miniature war.

"Something is different about you," Motoko stated as she allowed the tip of her blade to hover just an inch off the ground. She tightly gripped the hilt with her right hand while her left fist was raised in a guarding position.

"These arms and legs aren't the same ones as last time," Synn explained with a cocky grin on her face. "They're at least ten times more durable. Even these tonfa are made of stronger stuff, so don't expect a repeat of last time."

"I did not," Motoko replied as she brought her blade up. She pointed the tip directly upwards and pressed the palm of her hand against the back of the sword. After that, she pointed the tip up and away from herself as she gripped the hilt with both hands. "This fight is of a much higher level than the last, to be sure, but the end... will be the same."

"....." Synn narrowed her eyes into thin angry slits right before she charged directly toward her opponent.

*****
Title: WTF High's School Defence Force - Lesson XV
Class: 4D
Room: 104
Release
*****

"Crap..." Lupin muttered as he watched the truck pull away.

"No!" Tina cried out as she quickly ran to chase after the truck. "NonononononoNO!!!"

Tina continued running after the truck, but of course there was absolutely no way she was going to catch it. When the truck was a good distance away, Tina slowed to a stop, gasping for breath. Her eyes were wide and filled with fear for she was sure the key was now gone for good.

"Hey... Tina?" Lupin walked past Tina and stopped in front of her. He took off his backpack and dropped it to the ground. He crouched down and said, "Get on."

*****

Several Days ago...

Zero (previously known as Thirteen and Spike, later to be known as Fallout and Lupin) was learning to get the hang of controlling his territory. He stood knee-deep in the cool water with the sun blaring down upon him. His eyes were closed in deep concentration as he focused on maintaining his aura. He could feel everything that was happening in his aura as though it were an extension of his body. No... His aura really was an extension of his body. Now that he understood that, he found it easier to maintain and control.

Testing out the limits of his territory, he brought it back in toward him, but without having it drawn back into his body. Instead, he tightened the energy around himself, forcing it to increase in concentration. It was as though he were weaving together armour of energy for himself. Soon, his territory was limited to within an inch from his skin. Despite the thin layer of what was essential nothingness, he felt... invulnerable. He felt as though nothing could-

Thok!

A rock smashed into his face, shattering into a million pieces. Well... the rock, anyway. Zero's face was fine.

"Nice defence, Zero!" Motoko exclaimed happily from the beach.

"You could've killed me!" Zero exclaimed with an incredulous look on his face.

"But I did not," Motoko grinned. "I am sorry, but I could not resist. Your aura looked so strong and sturdy that I just had to test it out."

"You could've killed me!" Zero repeated.

"I know and again, I am sorry," Motoko waved off what she did as though it were some harmless prank. "But you should be happy! You have already come so far. Your aura is now usable!"

"Um... Well... I guess," Zero shrugged his shoulders. "I mean... yeah! It's cool! It's like I'm wearing armour! Didn't feel a thing when that rock hit me."

"....." Motoko studied Zero's face thoughtfully, and then asked, "You are not satisfied?"

"Well um... it's not that, I mean..." Zero stammered, trying to piece together his thoughts. "I just... I guess I was hoping for something a little more. I feel more protected and stuff, but... I don't feel any stronger. Wait... Hold on."

Zero's attention was on a large boulder conveniently placed on the beach within walking distance. Motoko watched as her friend walked toward the boulder, stopping right in front of it. She quirked an eyebrow when Zero bent down to grab it. It was pretty comical, since the boulder was as tall as he was.

"Hurgh!" Zero grunted as he tried to lift the boulder until his face turned purple. When it didn't work, he stopped and took a few deep breaths. He turned his attention toward a smaller boulder that was right beside the first one. "Eh heh... maybe I should try a smaller one."

"You do that," Motoko replied indifferently. Where'd those boulders come from, anyway?

"Hurgh!" Zero grunted again as he attempted to lift the smaller boulder, but to no avail. After a good two minutes of trying, he gave up. "I knew it. I didn't get stronger at all."

"Do not be so sure of that," Motoko replied as she stood beside Zero. "Physical abilities such as strength, speed, and endurance are not really the point of spiritual energy. They increase as your spiritual energy grows, for sure, but that is not what your aura is used for. Instead of lifting the boulder, try punching it instead."

"Eh? You mean like this?" Zero punched the larger boulder. His fist made a soft thud, but other than that, nothing happened.

"Right, but this time, concentrate all of your energy into your fist right before impact," Motoko explained. "You may need to make a few practice punches before-"

Wham!

KaBoom!

The boulder was gone.

"....." Both of them stared at the empty spot where the boulder once sat.

"Yes, just like that," Motoko replied, unfazed by the explosion. "You should probably be more careful, though. We would not want an accident like that happening again, after all."

*****

"Get... get on? What are you..." Tina's head was swimming. Most of her mind was already on her lost key, so she had a hard time comprehending Lupin's words.

"Just trust me... okay?" Lupin looked back and up at Tina with a surprisingly determined look on his face.

"....." Tina wordlessly obeyed and got on Lupin's back. Her cheeks flushed when she felt Lupin's hands on her ass. She wrapped her arms tightly around her classmate's shoulders and rested her head against his neck.

"Right... here we go..." Lupin mumbled to himself as he unsteadily started walking. He gritted his teeth and started going faster.

"What are you... oh..." Tina's voice faltered as she felt that familiar feeling from the football field. She shuddered visibly as she felt the strange air envelope her completely.

Lupin's aura was coming out in full force as it covered him and the girl on his back. He concentrated on the shape and form of his dark blue aura until that familiar and protective armour was back. It was a thin layer about a quarter-inch thick, but it was pure and concentrated energy. Lupin was used to the pressure, especially considering it was his own, but for Tina it was overwhelming.

The dark blue aura was filled with strong emotions that intruded upon Tina's consciousness. The small atmosphere that made up of only the space being occupied by those two students was far heavier than the outside world. The overwhelmed girl could barely see past the barrier. It was as though she entered a completely different world. Her heart raced and her blood boiled. Was it fear she felt? No... It wasn't fear at all. What she felt was... excitement.

Tina hadn't felt nearly this excited in her entire life! She no longer felt as though the energy was pressing up against her. No... This time she felt as though she had become a part of it. The aura passed easily through her and filled her from head to toe. She did not know what the ocean smelled like, but she was sure that that was what she smelled. The scent of the ocean filled her nostrils and the raging waves pounding into each other dominated her ears. The aura comforted her... protected her... caressed her...

Squeezing her arms tightly and pressing her chest up against Lupin's back, she stifled a moan of a pleasure. Her face turned as red as a tomato once she realized what she was doing, but was unable to stop herself. For the first time in two weeks she felt something caress her dripping wet pussy. A noticeably dark spot was growing on the seat of her jeans as she felt an unseen force move in and out of her. She felt a tingling sensation on the tail bone of her spine and various spots on her back. It was unlike anything she ever felt before. To top it all off, the ben wa balls that were currently trapped inside her pussy were going off like crazy, causing jolts with each step Lupin took.

Lupin was way too focused at the moment to notice what was happening on his back. He felt something wet on his hands, but figured that his palms were getting sweaty. He noticed Tina's breathing was getting heavy, but just figured that she was overwhelmed by the speed they were going at. He definitely noticed Tina's breasts press tightly against his back, but also knew that he had to concentrate as much as possible or they were both dead.

By using the same concept as the explosive punch, Lupin was able to turn his aura into a rocket to propel himself forward into dangerous speeds. To protect himself and Tina from the continuous explosions, he encased both of them in a thin yet protective layer of armour. There were also mini-explosions happening on the soles of his feet every time he kicked against the ground, allowing him some degree of control over his ridiculously fast dash over the busy highway. He was making his way past stunned drivers as he manoeuvred between vehicles. He inched closer and closer toward the truck with Tina's key.

"Almost there..." Lupin gritted his teeth as he made a mad dash for the truck. He could see it. It was just a few metres away...

"Oh my god..." Tina gasped once she realized that she was just a few inches away from an orgasm for the first time in two weeks. She didn't think it was possible, but she could feel it approaching! What was more; she could just make out the truck past the boundaries of Lupin's territory and realized how close she was to getting the chastity belt off!

"Just a little closer..." Lupin growled as he put everything he could into getting as close to the truck as possible without crashing into it. The heart-shaped key was within sight now! In fact, he realized it was possible to just reach out and grab it!

"Oh my god!" Tina cried out, no longer able to suppress the pleasure she was feeling. She was getting excited for several reasons at once and it was taking a toll on her delicate little mind. The roaring waves were approaching. It was just a matter of time before they crashed.

"A little closer..." Lupin reached out to grab the key...

The truck pulled away, pulling the key out of Lupin's grasp. Lupin stared as the key moved farther and farther away.

"No..." Tina's eyes went wide as she felt the energy recede and her orgasm fade. To add insult to the injury, she noticed the truck pulling away again.

Then there was a huge burst of energy. Lupin reached out with his aura, creating a small tendril of energy. The tendril touched the heart-shaped key, surrounding it with energy. He lifted the key off the bed of the truck and pulled it into his awaiting hand. He moved his other hand over to compensate for the lack of balance, which ended up having his hand pushing up against Tina's crotch.

"Got it," Lupin smiled triumphantly.

As for Tina, the huge burst of energy felt like a million volts of electricity passing through her entire body. The waves crashed against each other, creating an eruption from deep within her being. She shook uncontrollably as the orgasm took hold of her entire body. Her muscles spasmed all at once and drool spilled out of the corners of her lips.

She screamed out in sheer pleasure, soaking the seat of her jeans with her juice.

"Eh...?" Lupin blinked as he stopped on the highway. He turned around and for the first time noticed the thirty car pile-up.

*****

"You... you were holding back..." Synn gasped as she struggled to stay on her feet. She was hunched over with her back to Motoko. Her metal tonfa tightly gripped in her fists.

"Yeah... sorry..." Motoko replied with a sigh and her back also facing her opponent. She carefully positioned the tip of her blade against the opening of her sheath, slowly and carefully sliding it back in. As soon as the sword was all the way in, it clinked into place. "It was an honour..."

Suddenly, Synn's clothes exploded, reducing the material into strips of ribbons. Synn visibly shook as she stood there in the nude. She dropped her metal tonfas, causing a ringing series of metallic clings as they fell against the wooden gym floor. At last, she fell to her knees, completely overwhelmed by the blue aura that had cascaded upon her. What was left of her clothes floated down around her; scattering about a series of random patterns. She wanted to get up and continue fighting, but the pressure was too much. It was almost like that time she fought Neon, except... this time it was much more... pleasant.

No... It was definitely different. The waves of energy that Neon emitted compelled Synn to submit. The kind of atmopshere it created was meant to instil fear and obedience. She was able to resist the urge to submit and obey... that was... until she was defeated. However, this atmosphere that surrounded her now was not unpleasant at all. She felt... safe and secure. She felt as though she had no need to fight back anymore. Her inhibitions lowered and... Yes, strangely she felt aroused by the situation. The blue energy waves rippled through her body, causing her to relax and let go. She could feel her pussy juices leaking out and around the chastity belt she still had on her. She wanted to take it off and finger herself, but... if she did that...

Motoko's territory had, by now, expanded to the rest of the gym. Despite it being her own energy, she also found herself being affected by it. It gave her... power... and lots of it. She was becoming aroused by the blue energy that her own body was giving off. Instead of clouding her mind, it gave her a strange sense of clarity. It was clear to her now that she was the dominant one of the two. With this foreign mindset, she approached Synn. The red energy barrier that surrounded the other girl no longer had the sturdiness and strength that protected its owner only seconds ago. Now it was a mere inconvenience that could be pushed aside while Motoko's own blue energy went to work.

Motoko knelt down behind Synn, unsure what to do. Normally, after defeating an opponent, she left them to wallow in their defeat. This time things were different for some reason. She could not leave Synn in her current state. She just couldn't. Instead, she reached out and wrapped her arms around the cyborg girl. She placed a hand under Synn's chin and turned it so that their eyes met. Entranced by the moment, Motoko closed her eyes and kissed Synn on the lips.

"Mmph..." Synn closed her eyes and moaned as she felt the other girl's lips on her own. She felt a tongue push past her lips and she accepted it, allowing it to slide into her mouth and explore her oral orifice. She moaned as they continued swapping saliva and moaning into each other's mouths. After a couple minutes of making out, Motoko broke the kiss. Their eyes opened and stared into each other some more. Synn turned around so that her body was facing Motoko's. With trembling hands, she reached out and began undressing her new mistress. The bandages were cut and piled onto the side.

With both of them completely naked, Motoko stood back up again. Synn looked up at the other girl with glazed eyes as her hands felt up the pale smooth legs. She held onto Motoko's hips and stuck out her tongue, tentatively touching the smooth and bare pussy before her. She licked the wet and ready slit, worshipping it with her tongue. Noticing little streams of girl juice running down the inner thighs, Synn leaned her head in and licked those up as well. After deciding that she could no longer wait, she pressed the tip of her tongue against the hood of the clitoris. Once the little pink nub was within her sights, she went to work on licking and nibbling on it.

Motoko's hips buckled and found that she had to hold onto Synn's head and pressed it into her pussy. Her legs trembled as the mouth below her continued eating her out. Soon enough, she could no longer hold it in as a huge orgasm came over her. Screaming out with pleasure, she allowed her girl juice to squirt into her new lover's mouth. Stronger and stronger waves of blue energy pulsed from within her, affecting everyone within range, which meant Synn.

Synn found herself getting more and more aroused as the girl standing before her reached her second orgasm. She didn't know how it was possible, but she was on the verge of her own climax from just eating out another girl! This encouraged her to work her tongue more aggressively and forcefully. She could feel her own orgasm building up as Motoko reached her third orgasm. It wasn't long before she was able to join her new lover in the throes of orgasmic pleasure.

*****

"You've gotta be kidding me," Sandra crossed her arms and scowled.

"I kid you not," Rock replied.

Rock paced back and forth in front of the table that Sandra and Trent sat at. Trent was busy making a card pyramid while Rock and Sandra talked. They were inside the school library even though it was after hours and no one was supposed to be currently in there.

"Demons? Spell books? Freaky monsters made by mad scientists?" Sandra raised an eyebrow. "What do you take me for?"

"Then how do you explain what happened to you that night on the football field?" Rock asked.

"Ah ha! You do know something!" Sandra exclaimed. "What did you guys do? Drug me or something?"

"Hey, we had nothing to do with your little gang bang session with the football team," Rock growled back.

"Steroids," Sandra said. "You and... and that Berserker guy used steroids! That's how you were able to do stuff like break through the floor and knock down goalposts!"

"You really think there are steroids strong enough to do that kinda stuff?" Rock countered.

"Of course there are. It's the only explanation," Sandra replied with gritted teeth. "You guys also used drugs on me and Heather. Made us... do those things..."

"What about that vision you said you had of Lupin being covered in blood?" Rock asked.

"A hallucination," Sandra replied. "My mind still had fragments of memories of that night I was drugged. Lupin probably overdosed and went berserk or something."

"Yet the football team's surprisingly chipper the next morning."

"Which proves it was just a hallucination!" Sandra shouted angrily. "That doesn't change the fact that I was drugged and raped!"

"Except you just admitted that vision you saw never really happened!" Rock growled back.

"Hey, I blacked out without even touching a drop of alcohol," Sandra replied. "I woke up next to Heather while covered with... uh... with... urgh! You know what we were covered with!"

"No, tell me. What were you two covered with?" Rock smugly asked.

"Doesn't matter!" Sandra growled. "That's the only logical explanation I came up with and there's no way in hell you're getting me to believe that bullshit you told me!"

"You've got no proof," Rock waved dismissively.

"You don't either!" Sandra shot back. "You're a demon summoner, right? Well then, summon something!"

"Don't think I won't!" Rock shouted back angrily as he jammed his hand into his pocket and rummaged through them.

"I'm waiting," Sandra sat back with her arms crossed. "I don't see any little green men running around."

"That's aliens, dumbass," Rock growled as he pulled out a red coin. He slammed it against the table and shouted, "I summon thee!"

Poof!

Right in front of Rock's hand, a potted plant materialized out of thin air. It was around one foot tall, had a single grey stem, and had several blue and red leaves. At the top of the stem was a sac the size of a baseball.

"....." Sandra stared at the plant.

"....." Rock's eyes darkened once he realized what he summoned. "Um... let me try that again..."

"How did you do that?" Sandra asked, ignoring Rock's last sentence. Her eyes were wide with amazement as she reached out to make sure that the plant was really there. "Is it... it's gotta be a trick... right?"

"Wait, you mean this impresses you?" Rock asked incredulously.

"You just..." Sandra touched the rim of the pot, and then reached out to touch the leaves. "You just... made it appear. Right in front of me."

"By the way, what kind of demon is that?" Trent asked, suddenly deciding to join in on the conversation.

"Actually... I'm not entirely sure," Rock scratched his head. "I think it's one of those that are already under contract with my family. There're tons of those, you know."

"What does it... do?" Sandra asked as she brushed the tip of her finger against the plant's sac.

"Hiss!!!" The sac opened up, revealing razor-sharp teeth!

"Ahh!" Sandra screamed as she pulled her finger back before she was bitten. The sac revealed to have a neck twice as long as its stem. It reached out and snapped at Sandra. The frightened girl jumped out of her seat and back away.

"Whoa! Cool!" Trent grinned widely as he held his hand out toward the plant. He pulled it back any time it looked as though the fanged sac was about to bite his fingers off. He played around the demon plant in that manner, teasing it as he moved his hand in different spots just out of its reach.

"Trent, stop teasing the plant," Rock growled. "We don't know what it can do."

"Aw, c'mon! It's a rip-off of a minor enemy character from Mario! What could it possibly do to hurt us?"

At that moment, the plant released a gaseous purple fume that was quick to cover the entire room.

"Ya just had tah ask, didn't ya?" Rock growled as he quickly covered his mouth and nose with his sleeve.

"Wha... what's happening? What's it doing?" Sandra panicked as she scrambled out of the way of the dangerous-looking fumes. "Make it stop!"

"Ugh..." Rock's eyes rolled back as he slumped to the floor.

"....." Sandra's panicking stopped as soon as the scent of the demon plant's fumes hit her.

"Um..." Trent looked between Rock and Sandra. Grabbing the potted plant, he made a mad dash out of the library. He was thankful that he was immune to most toxins.

Unfortunately for him, the demon plant's fumes were not one of them.

Whump!

Trent hit the floor.

*****

"....." Motoko wordlessly got up from the floor and pulled her clothes on. She decided to leave her bandages since it would take forever to get those back on again. As she pulled her clothes on, she avoided Synn's eyes, not wishing to look at the resentment that was directed toward her. "I... I am... sorry. I... do not know what came over me..."

"... Just like the rest of them..." Synn muttered under her breath. Her own clothes were torn to shreds, so she had nothing to cover herself with but her hands and chastity belt.

Motoko had no reply, so she simply pulled on her shirt and jeans. The only thing left was her jacket, which she hesitated to put on. Taking hold of it by the collar, she dragged it over to her defeated opponent. She dropped it in front of her. "Please... if you do not mind... you could... um... borrow my jacket..."

"....." Synn stared at the jacket, and then started putting it on.

Motoko turned around and stared into the empty darkness of the destroyed gym.

"You couldn't control it, huh?" Synn asked after she put the jacket on and stood up. "You were just as out of it as I was, weren't you?"

"... Yes," Motoko nearly whispered.

"....." Synn looked away for a moment, and then clamped a hand on Motoko's shoulder. "It's fine. We'll just call it the winner's privilege, all right?"

"Eh?" Motoko turned back around with a surprised look on her face. "You're not... you're not mad?"

"Mad? I'm pissed!" Synn growled. "But the same thing happened to me once, so I'm letting it slide. Next time we fight, though, it'll be you licking my cunt! You got that?"

"Eh... heh..." Motoko chuckled nervously as a drop of sweat rolled down her temple.

"Don't you dare lose before you fight me again," Synn seethed as she walked away. "Oh, and I'm keeping this jacket!"

*****

"Mmm..." Sandra's moans filled the empty library as she sat there on the ground with her back up against the bookcase. She spread her legs and rubbed her clothes against herself. Her eyes were glazed over and filled with nothing but pure lust. She immediately stripped off her shirt, and then pushed her jeans down to her ankles. It would appear that the demon plant's fumes had increased the temperature of the library, figuratively and literally. Sandra's hair and skin was slick with sweat. A thin film of wetness covered her from head to toe. Her bra was a much darker colour at this point and very clearly soaked in sweat. In only her bra and panties and a body that was quite obviously highly aroused, she was a sight to behold.

Finding it suddenly hard to breathe, Sandra reached back and unhooked her bra. Her breasts popped out, exposing her erect nipples to the air. The wet sheen of sweat that covered them glistened brightly against the lights. Her left hand went up to rub and grope them, eliciting louder moans from the sweaty horny girl. She took hold of her left nipple and pulled it away from her body, watching her fleshy mound stretch as a result. She tried to reach out with her tongue to lick it, but unfortunately for her, as beautiful as her breasts were, she was not that well-endowed. She could only content herself with drooling all over them.

She slipped her right hand into her panties for she was quite eager to get at her dripping wet pussy. Her sweaty hands mixed well with the flowing girl juices, creating a very audible squish as she pushed two fingers past her swollen lips. She rolled her tongue out and panted heavily as she melted against the intense heat that was swarming all around her. Two fingers were obviously not enough to satisfy her, so she pushed in the other two fingers. She pushed all four fingers up to their knuckles into her cunt. Her panties soaked up the aroma of sweat and arousal as she continued finger-fucking herself.

Suddenly, her eyes turned up toward a different sight presented before her. She licked her lips hungrily as her eyes fell upon Rock's exposed cock. Her classmate was standing over her with only his shirt on and his large manhood standing proudly. Pushing herself off the bookcase behind her, she got on her knees and shuffled forward to get a closer look at the manhood. With her fingers still in her pussy, she reached up with her other hand and took hold of the erect prick. She didn't even bother to look up at Rock's face to notice that his eyes were just as glazed over as hers.

Rock placed his hands on Sandra's head and pushed his cock into her mouth. Sandra could only respond by placing her left hand on Rock's right hip and taking his manhood into her mouth. She moaned as she swirled her tongue around the thick shaft and sucked on it vigorously. She bobbed her head up and down, getting more and more of it into her mouth each time. She was hesitant to go further at first, but her inhibitions were easily swept aside by her hunger and lust for cum in her mouth. She relaxed her throat and took in all of Rock's cock. She hummed a little tune, allowing the vibrations in her throat to stimulate the throbbing flesh even further.

In mere moments, Sandra felt the cock in her mouth throb powerfully as it shot several loads of cum deep into her throat. She swallowed it all up, relishing the taste of it. Pulling her mouth off the still-erect cock, she ran her tongue up the shaft and suckled on the still-sensitive tip. Rock groaned with pleasure as Sandra cleaned up the mess. After that, Sandra pulled away from the cock, looked up into Rock's face, and gave him a satisfied smile.

The fun wasn't over yet, though. Not by a long shot.

There was suddenly a second cock thrust into Sandra's face. She looked up to see that it belonged to Trent, who decided to completely strip off all of his clothes. Sandra gave him a weak smile before wrapping her lips around his cock. She sucked on Trent's cock loudly, making audible slurping noises as she ran her tongue along the underside of the shaft. As she sucked on Trent's cock, she pulled her fingers out of her pussy and wrapped them around Rock's cock. She stroked Rock's cock, giving him a hand job. Sandra had a wild look behind her glazed and entranced eyes. Her breasts heaved up and down as her body did its best to keep up with her arousal.

Sandra alternated between Rock and Trent, sucking off one of them and stroking the other at the same time. Eventually, she ended up just stroking them at the same time as she allowed her jaw to rest. However, a few seconds later and the hunger for more cum persuaded her to put her greedy little mouth back to work again. Soon enough, she had both cocks throbbing and ready to unload. She quickly aimed both of them at her face and opened up her mouth to catch the cum. A lot of it ended up on her face and in her hair, but a good portion of it ended up in her mouth, which she swallowed quite eagerly.

The violet-eyed girl's hunger was not yet satisfied, however, for her pussy still ached for cock. As Rock lied down on his back, Sandra pulled her jeans completely off before straddling him. She pulled her panties aside and lowered herself upon Rock's hard and throbbing manhood. She groaned loudly with pleasure as she impaled herself, almost drowning out the slishing sound that her pussy made. Her juices ran down her thighs and the length of the cock. She cupped her breasts and fondled them roughly, lost in a daze of arousal.

Soon enough, Sandra felt hands on the back of her shoulders. She didn't need to look back to know that Trent was right behind her. She leaned forward as she continued bobbing up and down on Rock's cock, riding the waves of fierce and wild pleasure. Her fingers reached out and intertwined with Rock's, locking together tightly. She felt Trent's cock poking at the entrance to her dark star. A noticeable tingle of anticipation ran up her spine for she found herself wanting another cock inside of her at the same time. She looked over her shoulder and pleaded Trent with her eyes. She wanted it. She wanted to be fucked in both holes.

Trent grinned as he teased Sandra a little more for he enjoyed the sight of pure lust on Sandra's face. Of course, he could only continue teasing for so long before his own desire to ass fuck such a deliciously hot girl won over. He rammed his cock hard and deep into Sandra's ass, prompting a loud scream of pleasure from deep within Sandra's throat. Sandra panted and groaned as both her holes were filled by her two classmates. Sweat continued pouring heavily down her face and onto her breasts. She felt herself burning with desire for she found herself close to what she wanted. She rocked her hips, slowly at first, but soon enough all three teens were fucking with all they got. Sandra could feel the throbbing cocks in her holes and knew that it wouldn't be long before she was filled with more cum.

*****

High above the highway, two figures watched the aftermath of the 30 car pile-up. Each of them stood atop a lit street lamp. One was a blonde teenage girl with predatory yellow eyes. She wore a black dress with slits along the lower sides, revealing the smooth skin of her legs. The other was a young man in his early twenties. He wore a brown suede jacket, sunglasses, and grey jeans.

"So what do you think?" Sera asked, tilting her head in a curious manner as she turned toward her friend.

"Still has a long way to go," Mr. Smith replied with crossed arms. He took off his sunglasses, cleaned them, and then put them back on. "He'll need more training before he's ready."

"Is that really what you think?" Sera asked coyly. "Or are you just jealous that I'm paying him more attention than you."

"Don't be an idiot," Mr. Smith grumbled. "I could care less who you pay attention to."

"Oh? Then you wouldn't care whether or not if I paid attention to you?" Sera teased. "You wouldn't care if I knew you lied to Tina?"

"Hmph," Mr. Smith grunted as he pretended to ignore Sera.

"You didn't just find the key in your post office box. They never put that key in with your mail in the first place," Sera giggled as she revealed what she knew. "No... You ran all over the city looking for that key when you found out it was missing. You noticed that Tina was looking sad, so you found out what was wrong by yourself."

"You talk too much, you know that?" Mr. Smith growled as he leapt off the street lamp to jump onto another. He jumped from one street lamp to the next, making his way back to the school.

"So... Have you thought about it?" Sera asked as she followed her homeroom teacher by travelling in the same fashion.

"Yeah, sure... I'll consider it," Mr. Smith replied indifferently. "Training that kid, I mean."

"You'll be a great teacher," Sera grinned. "Seriously though, you're not doing that well as a normal teacher right now."

"....." Mr. Smith had no response.

*****

Dashing into her house, Tina said a quick 'hello' to her parents as she kicked off her shoes and ran up the stairs into her bedroom.

She slammed the door to her room shut with a loud bang!

She tore one of her socks off and forgot the other one. Her shirt came off as did her jeans. As her bra joined the pile, she paused for a second. She turned her attention toward the door, and then quickly locked it. Her parents weren't the kind to just barge into her room, but she just couldn't take that risk. Not this time.

Jumping onto her bed, she pulled down her...

She jumped out of bed and rummaged through her jeans until she found the key. Once she had the key out, she unlocked her chastity belt and threw it on the floor. After two weeks of entrapment, her pussy was finally exposed to the open air again. The first waves of pleasure were already upon her as she climbed back into bed.

Plunging her fingers into her pussy, she stroked and played with herself. Shivers of excitement ran throughout her body, striking her nerves wherever they went. It's been two weeks since she was able to touch herself and it showed on her face. She bucked her hips against the bed, panting with each plunge of her fingers. Of course, just having her fingers inside herself wasn't enough. Her thumb sought out her clitoris, luring it out of its hiding place. A stab of pleasure struck her as soon as her fingers found her clit. She rubbed her clit vigorously, trying to achieve the same mind-blowing orgasm that she experienced on that highway on Lupin's back.

Turning around on her bed, she pulled in her knees and pressed them against her mattress. She pulled her pillow into herself and bit into it as she raised her ass slightly into the air and continued to finger herself. As she rocked her hips, she soon realized that she left her ben wa balls inside of her! However, they felt so good that she decided to leave them to do their work for now. Her girl juice dripped down from her sopping pussy as she worked away with her fingers, enjoying her own touch. She whimpered softly into her pillow, unable to hold back the moans of her arousal, which were excitedly trying to escape from her throat.

Her thoughts momentarily went back to today's events. She remembered being humiliated by Angela and her friends... and was surprised when she found herself becoming increasingly aroused by that memory. Shame poured into her soul, adding fuel to her passionate lust. She absolutely couldn't believe that she was getting off on being humiliated by Angela like that! She was made to say all those nasty things about herself. She was made to take off her shirt and crawl around in the hallways like a dog. She couldn't believe that... she enjoyed being treated like that! However, her heightened state of arousal was more than enough proof.

She thought for a moment that perhaps she really was every bit as perverted as the cheerleaders said she was. After all... what kind of a girl would willingly wear a chastity belt all day? What kind of a perverted slut would get off on that? Small drops of tears emerged from the corners of her eyes as she debased herself with her own thoughts. Her fingers worked more furiously and her pantings became heavier. As she worked toward an orgasm, she briefly wondered why it took so long this time. Usually, she would be done in less than a minute, but...

Then she remembered... she already came today. Her thoughts turned toward the memory of riding on Lupin's back as they chased after the pick-up truck with her key. She remembered being enveloped in a strange feeling that seemed to emanate from her classmate. She remembered how her state of mind became clouded and how she found herself becoming increasingly aroused... just like she was now. The waves of orgasm were approaching once more.

Beads of sweat decorated her reddened face as she rocked her hips to the rhythmic waves. She pushed her fingers deeper inside herself, listening to the moist squishing sounds of her sopping wet pussy. She brought herself higher up into the air until finally she dived and crashed into the waves of ecstasy.

It was almost as though she couldn't even breathe. The flowing waves of pure pleasure, which surrounded and drowned her, carried her to places she had never even imagined before. She wanted to scream, but nothing came out. There was only a silent void of darkness all around her. The pressure of the hostile environment alone was enough to crush her into a single piece of arousal. She couldn't move her body. She couldn't see. She couldn't hear. She couldn't speak.

After what seemed like forever... she finally collapsed onto her bed, gasping for dear sweet air!

She trembled silently on her bed as she came down from what she could only describe to be a mind-blowing orgasm. Every muscle in her body ached so much that she left her fingers inside her pussy for a couple hours before she gathered the strength to pull them out. As she did, the soaking wet ben wa balls came rolling out of her gaping cunt. She remained flat on her bed for hours, focusing on only her breathing.

It wasn't long before she was called to dinner by her mom. She ignored her parents at first, but... she knew that if they thought something was wrong, they were going to break down the door. Gathering up as much strength as she could, she called hoarsely to her mom that she wasn't hungry. Her mom could tell that something was wrong, but seemed satisfied enough to hear her daughter's voice. She decided to leave her daughter alone for now, not wishing to just butt in on her daughter's life.

It took several more hours before Tina found the strength to get out of bed. She took a long shower, enjoying the feel of water on her now unrestrained crotch. Once she was done, she came out of the washroom and stared at the chastity belt on her bedroom floor.

She sat on the edge of her bed and continued staring at the belt.

Finally, she made her decision.

She finished drying herself. Then, she picked up the chastity belt... and put it back on.

*****

Lupin wasn't entirely sure what he was doing when he decided to head back to school. He really didn't know what he was doing when he went inside the girl's locker room. All he knew was that there was something that he had to do and until he got there, he won't know what it would be.

His eyes scanned the locker room, trying to figure out what the gift was trying to tell him to do. That was when he noticed one of the lockers. For some strange reason, it stood out from the rest even though it looked exactly the same as all the other ones. Figuring out the combination was easy since he had only needed to turn the dial until he felt the need to stop, and then turn it the other way. Once the lock was off, he swung open the locker and looked around inside. His eyes immediately went toward the camera on the top shelf.

"Huh... pretty expensive stuff..." Lupin noted as he took the camera out of the locker. He turned it around in his hands, examining it. He turned it on and saw all the movie files. He wondered what they were, but knew that he couldn't just sit around in the girl's locker room and watch them all. Taking out a memory card he bought for a reason he didn't understand until now, he transferred all the movie files onto it. Once that was done, he placed the camera back on the top shelf.

He stood in front of the open locker for a while longer, thinking to himself. He looked back up at the camera, and then took it back out again. He set the timer so that the camera would start recording the next morning. He put the camera back on the top shelf, closed the locker, and put the lock back on.

With that over and done with, he left.

*****

The next morning...

Up on the fourth floor of Windroy Twelve Forrest Secondary School, several orange cones and yellow &#8216;caution tape&#8217; was used to surround a large hole in the floor so as to prevent students from falling in.&nbsp; A short distance away from this hole was the entrance to the school library, which opened up as a group of students piled out of there.

"So what happened after that?" Lupin asked as he and his friends made their way down the school hallways.

"She got pissed. What else could've happened after that?" Rock grumbled in response. "She was pissed. I mean really pissed. Ready to murder in cold-blood pissed."

"Well you did summon the demon plant," Motoko put in.

"Only cause she asked for it!" Rock growled. He then muttered, "The stupid bitch..."

"I think she was expecting something... uh... tamer?" Lupin raised an eyebrow.&nbsp; He had to step around the large hole to avoid falling into it.

"Like what? A cat with bat wings?" Rock snapped. "How retarded is that?"

"So what did you two do with the demon plant?" Motoko asked curiously.

"I dunno. Trent got immune to it, somehow, so we just let him handle it," Rock shrugged.

"Trent..." Lupin replied.

"Yeah..."

"With a demon planet..."

"Uh huh..."

"A plant that can make anyone near it super horny," Lupin said.

"What's your point?" Rock asked with a raised eyebrow.

"I threw it in the girl's locker room!" Trent exclaimed. His friends immediately whirled around to notice that he was approaching them.&nbsp; Did you guys know that one of the goal posts is broken?&nbsp; Everyone&#8217;s out there taking pictures of it!&nbsp; Wanna see mine?

We know.&nbsp; Lupin broke it.&nbsp; We saw him do it, remember?&nbsp; Rock scowled.

"Um... is that safe?" Lupin asked with a worried voice.

Well, broken goal posts are usually only dangerous as they&#8217;re falling, Trent replied.&nbsp; After that, they pretty much just lie there.&nbsp; Not moving.

"He means the plant!&nbsp; Rock growled irritably.&nbsp; Turning toward Lupin, Rock assured him, Don't worry. It'll wear off by the time first period starts.&nbsp; The summoning'll too. It'll be back in the demon realm before it causes any more trouble."

"Wait a moment... is there not cheerleading practice this morning?" Motoko asked with a raised eyebrow.

"Cheerleading..." Rock began.

"... Practice," Trent finished.

"Demon plant!" Both of them exclaimed at the same time. Once the realization hit them, they immediately made a mad dash for the nearest tunnel entrance.

"I think I will skip first period..." Motoko said.

"Why?" Lupin asked.

"Gym," Motoko replied.

"Ah... But they said that the demon plant will unsummoned by first period," Lupin replied.

"I do not wish to risk it," Motoko sighed.

At that moment, the two of them happened to pass by the open doors of the gym, which were blocked by strips of yellow &#8216;caution&#8217; tape and orange cones.&nbsp; Lupin peered inside to see a bunch of construction workers, the Principal, two Vice-Principals, and a group of police officers.

"So how're things between you and Synn?" Lupin asked, turning his attention away from the wreckage that was what was left of the gym.

"Oh... fine... just fine..." Motoko replied with a hint of irritation on her face.

"Monica! There you are!" A voice exclaimed from behind Monica.

"Eh..." A drop of sweat ran down the back of Monica's head.

"Did you hear?" Synn grinned as she clapped a hand on Monica's shoulder. "We're gonna play outdoor dodge ball today!"

"Oh, I see-" Monica began.

"I convinced the coach to put us on opposite teams," Synn cut in.

"But I was-"

"Head shots count, too!"

"Uh-"

"You're not gonna back out, are you?"

"Actually-"

"I knew you wouldn't!"

"Wait-"

"Girls like us never back down from a challenge!"

"What do you-"

"This time, I'm gonna be the one who'll win!"

"In what aga-"

"C'mon or we're gonna be late!"

"Huh?" Monica felt herself being dragged away toward the girl's locker room.

"Uh... What about Homeroom?" Lupin tilted his head in confusion as he watched his friend being dragged away by the cyborg girl. A mental image of the cyborg girl with a maniacal look in her eyes and lobbing off cannon balls at Monica came into his mind. Shrugging that mental image away, he headed off toward Homeroom by himself. "Ah well... I'm sure it'll be fine... right?"

As he rounded the corner, he noticed someone familiar waiting for him in front of Homeroom. Tina, wearing a blue knee-length dress, greeted Lupin with a simple wave, "Um... hi. Good morning..."

"... Good morning," Lupin replied, unsure how else to respond.

"Thank you again for getting my key back," Tina said as she gave Lupin a shy smile.

"Oh! Um... it's no problem. Really," Lupin smiled back in response. Shoving his hands into his pockets, he straightened his back and said, "Just duty my doing."

"....." Tina tilted her head.

"Let's pretend I got that right..." Lupin blushed.

"Sure, why not," Tina found herself giggling a little. She stopped just long enough to reach into her pocket and pull out a small box. She held it out for Lupin. "Um... Just a little something. As thanks for helping me out."

"Oh, um... thanks," Lupin hesitated as he wondered if he should accept the gift. A couple seconds later and he did. He opened up the box to see what was inside.

"It's okay if you think it's stupid," Tina said as she looked away. Her face was as red as a tomato.

"Uh... isn't this..." Lupin just looked at his gift with confusion written all over his face. The gift was a heart-shaped key.

"Yes... I mean... I guess... I should explain, shouldn't I?" Tina asked as she stared down at the floor.

"You want it back once a week?" Lupin asked as he scratched his temple.

"Um... well... yes, but... I mean..." Tina stammered, worried that she might have made a big mistake after all.

"Okay, sure," Lupin replied with a shrug.

"R-really?" Tina looked up and stared at Lupin.

"I like it," Lupin replied as he took the key out of the box. He took out his key chain (a small Leonardo from TMNT) and keys and added the heart-shaped one. He beamed at Tina and said, "Thanks!"

The two of them stared at each other for a few more seconds before they realized that the hallways were almost empty.

"I guess we better get to class," Tina said as she jerked a thumb toward Room 104. She backed up into her Home Room as she continued staring and smiling at Lupin.

"Yeah, I guess... I'll see you around," Lupin smiled back as he turned around and headed off in the other direction toward his own Home Room.

"Wait! Lupin!" Tina exclaimed.

Too late.

The bell rang.

Well... technically, the intercom just made chiming noises.

"Huh... Now where&#8217;s my Homeroom again?&nbsp; Lupin wondered out loud as he made his way down the hallway, trying to find Room 104.

*****

Character Profile Section:

Name: Tiehhsin "Timothy" Ying
Age: 17
Gender: Male
Species: Human
Height: 5' 9"
Weight: 65kg
Occupation: High School Student, Former-Assassin

Miscellaneous Information:
-Likes chess, astronomy, puzzle-games, and reading books
-A fan of Sherlock Holmes
-Favourite season is Autumn
-Has all the albums by Eminem
-Favourite subjects are Art and Science
-Has no least favourite subject
-Hates elevator music

Estimated Physical Statistics (before Sera's training):
Strength: 1100lb dead lift
Speed: 11m/s
Stamina: 110 miles 









Daytime...

Gong

Why did you come back? Mr. Smith mentally asked as he looked at the carnage before him. Unlike the other bystanders, his eyes were not filled with shock and/or fear. He was simply observing, with watchful eyes, the one responsible for the one-second slaughter that took place only moments ago. Why did you come back here, Sera?

"Hmph," Sera smirked as she stood up from the patio table, which was one of many tables on the large balcony at the mall. She finished her V8 drink before she began to walk away from the scene. Trent, Rock, Monica, Tim, and Thirteen/Leafy/Rush all stared at the blonde demoness with an array of different expressions.

The blonde demoness walked over the body of Koougu, the blue demon. A bloody trail of footprints followed her. The corpse of the blue demon... was headless. The head was nowhere to be found... because it exploded.

Title: WTF High's School Defense Force - Lesson V
Class: 4D
Room: 104
As deadly as a serpent and as cunning as a vixen, she's the Snake King and Mistress of Illusions' child. Don't fall for her traps... too late. 

Night...

Gong!

The clock that stood in the middle of the school yard could be heard throughout the building. The gentle ruffles of the dried yellow grass were interrupted by the tolls of the iron ring clock.

Gong!

The sound rang through the eerily silent halls, shaking the dark atmosphere left by the night. Not even the moon was out to guide one's heart from the shadows with its borrowed light.

Gong!

From every window the iron clock could be seen clearly even with the blinding cold blanket enveloping it. It was built based on a design created by four University students decades ago in 2003. The school's clock was actually three rings standing straight up. The two smaller ones were right next to each other and they were within and perpendicular to the largest ring. Engraved in the outer shell and hanging from the inner part of the middle-sized ring were the hours while for the smallest it was the minutes. The largest of the rings also had the hours hanging from the inner part, but there were 12 square holes where the hours should be in its outer shell.

"Interesting how the largest ring appears to be moving on its own without any need for a motor," Sera remarked as she looked out the window of one of the classrooms. Her pale soft skin and beastly yellow eyes were hard to ignore even in the darkness. She chose to wear a pink tank top over a pair of legless jean shorts, which were cut to resemble a V-shape. Black boots with straps encircled her tender feet. Her two braided sideburns framed her face along with her sharp and wisdom-filled eyes. "Of course, everyone here knows how it really works. Well... most of them, anyway."

"You look the same as you did six years ago," Mr. Smith ignored Sera's remark as he sat on one of his students' desks. He had his arms crossed and his watchful eyes stayed upon the blonde mystery before him as if he expected something abnormal to happen. Instead of his usual formal attire, he wore a grey shirt, black jeans, and running shoes. "Why did you come back here? As a student, no less."

"Did you know that human beings evolved from pack hunters?" Sera asked as she pressed the tips of two of her fingers up against the window. While she barely touched the glass, she gently allowed her fingers to trail down it. From her perspective, her fingers were directly over the school's iron ring clock. "Just like wolves, they would work-"

"Just answer my question!" Mr. Smith growled angrily as he grabbed Sera by the wrist and glared directly into her eyes. He wasn't surprised when he was met by indifferent eyes, as though his recent action had no meaning. "Why did you come back here as a student even though you already graduated six years ago?"

"Is there a reason I can't?" Sera smirked as her eyes turned predatory. Her pupils became vertical slits and her iris started to glow a healthy yellow. She lifted her left hand and pressed it up against her teacher's forehead. Mr. Smith's grip on the demoness' wrist loosened and his eyes glazed over. "Besides, didn't you fall for the me from six years ago?"

*****

Daytime...

"Damn it... why won't this guy stay down?" Rock growled as he glared at the orange demon before him. He searched through his pockets and pulled out a red coin the size of a quarter. "Time to bring out the big guns."

"Um... what?" Rush blinked, wondering what his friend was up to. At this point, he wondered why no one passed by and witnessed this event. Surely all the damage to public property so far would have aroused some suspicion or curiosity. He also wondered why he wasn't running for a payphone and calling the cops. Those thoughts dashed away from his head when he noticed the coin Rock was holding burst into flames.

"Scar! Horn! Help me out!" Rock shouted as he threw the coin against the ground. All of a sudden, two red-skinned imps appeared where the coin made contact with the asphalt. They were both only one foot tall and had stick-like arms and legs. One of them had a scar on his face while the other had a unicorn-like horn. It was quite obvious which was Scar and which Horn was. "You ready to fight this guy?

"Remember the payment. I want some burgers after this, got that?" Horn smirked as he gave his employer a thumbs-up sign.

"Make me some pancakes and the next fights free," Scar added as he crossed his arms while grinning devilishly.

"Uh..." Rush blinked yet again as he stared at the strange imp-like creatures that Rock had apparently... summoned.

"A summoner... I'm not impressed," Yuhgu, the orange demon commented. "Two weaklings. That's all you can summon? At least bring out something with claws or fangs."

"Shut the hell up," Rock growled as he and his two imps rushed forth to attack Yuhgu. At first it looked like they were just going to gang-up on the large demon. However, Scar started spitting out multiple fireballs while Horn's... horn sent out lightning bolts. Rock dashed to attack while his opponent was distracted.

"Weaklings," Yuhgu growled as one of his two tails took a swipe at a conveniently nearby fire hydrant. As if the resulting stream of water was an extension of his own body, he redirected the water from the hydrant and smashed it against Rock's face. Rock and his two imps were knocked back by the surprisingly powerful blast and unlike last time, the young summoner wasn't getting back up. The orange demon crossed his arms and turned his attention towards...

Wham!

All of a sudden, a heel dropped from the sky and slammed right in between Yuhgu's two horns! The heel belonged to Rush, who decided to take the opportunity to attack. However, Yuhgu was quick to recover from the surprise attack and tackled his target into the ground. The orange demon's forehead was bleeding heavily and he looked very pissed off.

"Bad move, Runt!" Yuhgu growled savagely as he brought a fist above his head. As if it could read his mind, the water behind him rose up into the air, ready to slam itself down upon Rush's face. The orange demon glared at his target, forgetting that he was supposed to bring the boy back alive. That was before he caught sight of the youngster's eyes. That was when he knew what he was dealing with. With wide eyes, the demon jumped off his victim and dashed away. "Shit... a berserker?"

*****

"He was easy to beat," Monica noted as she stared at the butchered corpse of her fallen enemy. She turned her attention to the blood that stained her sword, wondering if the blood was red because the demon was red. That didn't make any sense to her, so she dropped that thought and turned towards her accomplice.

"Well... we were in a narrow hallway fighting a giant target who was already disoriented from losing one arm and one horn," Tim replied as he hid away his two guns. "It was also two against one."

"But he is a demon," Monica replied as she wiped away the blood on her sword with her sleeve before sheathing it. She turned towards the bound Ginger, and asked, "What are we going to do with her?"

"Don't know, don't care," Tim said as he looked out the window towards the new mall. "Are there more or is that all?"

"I think I sensed one more," Monica replied as she headed out the door. Before she left with Tim, she noticed Io sitting down with her back against the wall and staring at Mianngu's corpse. "Please look after Ginger for us, Io. We will come back as soon as possible."

*****

"That damn bitch never said anything about a berserker," Yuhgu clenched his teeth and growled under his breathe. He reassessed his situation and decided to retreat for now even though he was technically winning. When he noticed Rush was getting back up, he immediately panicked and doused himself with water. Once the water cleared, he was gone.

"We're upping the price. We want lobster for dinner," Horn grumbled as he picked himself up.

"Be sure to have them ready by midnight," Scar added. The two imps walked away, then vanished with a sudden flash of exploding fire.

"Damn it, did we lose?" Rock growled as he got to his feet.

"At least we're still alive," Rush replied. Suddenly, he felt a painless jolt pass through his brain and his attention turned towards the new mall. He stared in that direction for a few seconds, then found himself running towards it. "Rock... I think we should go this way."

"Eh?" Rock grumbled questioningly before following his friend.

*****

Night...

"Such naughty thoughts, Mr. Smith," Sera cooed as she pressed her head up against the "older" man's chest. A cheshire grin stretched across her face, "Don't you want me like this? This could be a teacher-student scenario, like the kind you see in porn. I've been a naughty girl, teacher. Why don't do something about it?"

"Stop it! Get out of my head!" Mr. Smith shouted as he pushed the "younger" girl away from him. He was gasping for air as if he were forced underwater for the past few minutes. His hands were shaking and sweat was pouring down from his face. However, he calmed down when he saw the look on Sera's face.

"I'm sorry... it's just that, I thought you wanted this, that's all," Sera explained with a frightened look on her face. She looked down at the floor, embarrassed and ashamed. She looked as though she was ready to cry. "I just thought..."

"I'm... I'm sorry... for bursting out like that," Mr. Smith managed to apologize. He clasped his hands on Sera's shoulders as a smile grew on his face. "I just thought you were up to your old tricks again, that's all."

"Then... you still find me attractive?" Sera asked as she looked up into her teacher's eyes. Her pupils returned to their normal circular shape, which made her look... cute.

"I... I mean..." Mr. Smith stammered. He silently thought to himself, why am I falling for this all over again? Then again, maybe....

*****

Daytime...

Damn it... what's with this guy? Koougu thought to himself as he skidded backwards along the surface of the balcony. He dug his claws deep into the floor in order to stop himself. He's almost as fast as me!

"Hmm... Capoeira, huh?" Sera smirked as she watched the battle before her unfold. "It's somehow... fitting."

"Heh," Trent grinned as he faced his opponent with his strange daggers in his hands. "This is fun! Let's go again!"

Seriously, what's wrong with him? He's grinning like a fool even though I almost killed him a few times, Koougu scowled. Suddenly, his eyes went wide when he realized that something about his opponent felt familiar. Wait a minute... it can't be...

"One more dance till Death's finale," Trent declared before rushing towards the blue demon. "Let's just finish this already."

"F-Fenrir?" Koougu gasped in shock.

*****

"They're just the same as I remember them," Mr. Smith remarked as he slid his hands over Sera's tank top. The straps were slid off and the tank top was pushed down so that the predatory girl's luscious breasts were put on full display. They were like twin moons, hanging there where they could easily be seen, yet seemingly out of reach. However, unlike the moon, the teacher could easily touch them... grope them... and cherish them.

"Your hands are as strong as I remember them," Sera moaned with pleasure as she propped herself up on one of the desks. She wiggled her dangling feet around for a few seconds, and then placed them up against the small of her teacher's back. The huntress ensnared her new prey with her legs and led him into her tempting trap. She reached up with her left hand and wrapped it around the back of the dazed man's neck. Her other hand reached down to unzip her jean shorts. The zipper reached all the way to her anus and she wasn't wearing any panties, so her pussy was already exposed. "I'm already wet with anticipation, so just stick it in when you're ready."

"In that case, I will," Mr. Smith replied as he stopped feeling up the blonde girl's breasts. He unzipped his pants and pulled out his cock, which was standing and throbbing at 6 inches in length and 1 1/2 inches in width. He pressed the head of his tool up against the demoness' entrance, pushing it in with ease. For a moment, he wondered if perhaps Sera wasn't as tight as she used to be. His question was answered when the vaginal walls gripped his manhood like a vice. His eyes widened at the strength of this girl and a gasp escaped his throat. "You're... you're even tighter than before."

"I knew you of all people could handle it," Sera snickered while she hung down from her teacher's neck with her arms. With her legs still around the 'older' man's waist, she began rotating her hips. She felt the man's arms wrap around her back so that she wouldn't fall should she lose her strength. Although she did not feel it was necessary, she was grateful for the sentiment. "Fuck me, teacher. Fuck me like you used to."

Mr. Smith complied with the blonde girl by thrusting and moving in conjunction with Sera's rotations. He 'bounced' Sera up and down so that his cock would thrust deep within her every time she came back down. The position was somewhat awkward and demanded enough strength from the man to support the full weight of his partner, but it was worth it. Sera moaned and groaned with a lustful voice with each and every bounce on the cock. She pressed her face up against Mr. Smith's chest and tightened the grip of her arms and legs on the 'older' man.

"Let's try another position," Mr. Smith suggested as he gently laid the back of his student on the desk. Since it was one of the student's desks, there wasn't much room for Sera to put her head against. Instead, the blonde girl dangled her head off the edge of the desk and allowed her long hair to reach the floor. She felt a pair of strong hands on her ankles and figured her partner was going to fuck her like that. She reached out and grabbed hold of the legs of the desk so that she would not fall over, and then braced herself for the second round of this... reunion.

"Go at it with full force. Don't worry, I can take it," Sera smirked with a gleam in her eyes. She moved her head back down and waited. She tensed up her vaginal muscles as soon as she felt her partner's manhood moving again. The demoness' eyes were bright yellow and her pupils were turning back into vertical slits. Her head was upside down and facing away from the teacher, so Mr. Smith did not notice the change.

The 'older' man pounded away at the tight pussy with every ounce of strength he could muscle. He pulled on the ankles of his lover with every intention of getting as much of his manhood inside as he possibly could. Instead of Sera losing her grip and slipping off, the desk started scraping against the floor and moving with the two of them.

"Oh my... oh..." Sera moaned as she felt yet another orgasm approach. Her toes curled in the air and strained against the hands that held her ankles in place. Mr. Smith had to use all the strength he could muster in order to keep his 'student' in place. With the force at which they were going at, it was surprising that the desk did not crumble against the weight of their sexual atmosphere. The teacher squeezed his eyes shut and felt his hot ooze squirt deep into the love canal of the blonde before him.

"That was... that was good..." Mr. Smith gasped after he felt the last of his jizz leave his manhood. He breathed heavily, and then opened his eyes. "Was that go... WHAT THE HELL?!"

Instead of Sera lying down on the desk, the science lab's skeleton model was staring back at him. The teacher stared at it with a gapped mouth, trying to figure out what was going on. His cock hung in the air where the vagina was supposed to be. His semen was splattered all over the top of the desk.

"Bwahahahahahaha!!!" Sera's laughter could be heard at the entrance to the classroom. She stood there, fully clothed, doubling over and laughing manically at her teacher's bewildered face. She stopped her laughing just long enough to wipe a tear from her eye and said, "Oh come on, you know there are worse things I could had tricked you into fucking."

"Damn you... get over here!" Mr. Smith shouted angrily as he ran towards Sera while fumbling with his jeans at the same time. He managed to tuck his manhood back into his underwear, but fell over a chair.

"Oh my is someone pissed. Are you going to spank me, teacher?" Sera laughed as she turned around and pulled down her jean shorts. With the shorts still down, she turned back around again and continued her taunts, "Maybe you want to spank me here instead? I've been a very naughty girl, you know."

With that the blonde girl ran off down the school halls. Mr. Smith immediately chased after the taunting vixen with sheer rage in his eyes. "A spanking should be the least of your worries when I'm through with you!"

*****

Daytime...

"No... It's not Fenrir. He's not powerful enough," Koougu muttered to himself as he exchanged blows with his opponent. He was having a hard time keeping up with this maniac with knives. There was no other way to describe the dog-man's reckless style of fast and flexible knife-play than maniacal. He knew it would take too long to defeat his enemy, so he focused his attention on the blonde girl whom he was supposed to capture in the first place. "Hmph... if I hold her hostage... alright, I'll try it."

"Whoa... what's going on?" Rush asked as soon as he arrived at the scene. He made his way through the crowd of people, curious as to what all the commotion was about. Rock followed closely behind, asking his friend why they were here. They both noticed Tim and Monica in the crowd as well. "Hey, any idea what's going on?"

"No, need to get closer to know," Tim replied.

"Hey... is that Trent?" Monica asked as she attempted to look over the heads of the other spectators.

"Hmm? Is that a demon he's fighting against?" Rush asked as he crouched low and looked past the legs of the other spectators.

"Eh?" Rock was distracted for a moment by the fact that Monica was standing on Rush's back.

"Hey guys!" Trent waved to his friends as soon as he noticed them in the crowd.

"You idiot! Don't take your eyes off the enemy!" Rock scowled.

"Alright! Now's my chance," Koougu chuckled as he vanished into thin air.

"Huh?" Trent turned his attention back on the blue demon, but he was nowhere to be found. He looked around until his eyes fell upon a blue streak falling towards Sera. He tilted his head and watched the demon descend upon the unsuspecting blonde who was still sitting there drinking V8 juice.

"Heh... now you're mine!" Koougu cackled as he showed off his razor-sharp claws.

"....." Sera didn't even look at the demon. She just raised her hand into the air, and then squeezed it into a fist.

Then his head exploded.

*****

"You're a hundred years too early if you think you can fuck me now," Sera gasped as she slumped against the wall of the school hallways. The demoness chuckled as she watched Mr. Smith pass right by her, shouting curses and insults along the way. "My parents are the Snake King and the Mistress of Illusions, for god's sake. You're much harder to trick than before, but you're still no match for me. Now Berserker... there's a different story."

The blonde vixen unzipped her jean shorts and pulled it down again. She took it off completely so that she would have better access to her own pussy. Her right fingers trailed down the front of her soft and supple body towards the prize her teacher failed to get. Her index finger brushed lightly against the hood that hid the small nub that was her clitoris. Her middle finger went ahead and slid along the moist opening of her vaginal lips. She continued stroking her womanhood until her fingers were completely coated with her own juices.

"Mmm..." Sera moaned with pleasure as she masturbated in the halls of her school. She spread her legs as much as she could until she was practically doing the splits. With a look of satiation on her face, she brought her cum-coated fingers up to her lips and licked them clean. Her breathing was heavy and large amounts of sweat were rolling down her face. "This weekend... I can't wait..."

"I found you!" Mr. Smith shouted as he suddenly appeared right in front of the startled Sera.

"You really are harder to fool," Sera chuckled nervously as she stared into the glaring eyes of her teacher. She brought her hand up and said, "Ah well... I'll just put you to sleep for now."

****

"Wha... wha... what..." Rush and Rock stared at the headless body of the blue demon with astonished looks on their faces.

"Amazing..." Monica managed to gasp out. Her eyes turned towards the one responsible for the carnage. A mixture of admiration, fear, confusion, and other emotions rushed through her mind all at once. She was unable to say anything at all. She could only remember what the demoness told her that fateful night...

You have a lot of untapped potential in both fighting and sex, Moto-chan.

Sera's demonic eyes met Motoko's spirited eyes.

If you're interested in getting stronger, pay me a visit some time this week.

"Uh... Monica? Could you get off my back now?" Rush asked as a drop of sweat rolled down his temple. 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Deathnote


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





