BDSM Library - Cumming Home




Cumming Home
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A very short story of a submissive slave greeting her Master after his long day at work.







Cumming Home
by Lewis Chappelle

(A very Short Story of Sensuous  Submission)

&nbsp;
As I entered the house, I saw you standing at the top of the wide central staircase naked as the day you were born.

You were wearing 5 inch heels and your legs were spread wide in display of your prominently shaved cunt. As always, your tits, so full and firm, were an instant distraction. Your arms were behind your neck and your eyes were down cast. 

"May I approach you, Master?" you said. 

"Yes, slave, come down here to me," I answered. 

As you descended the stair case I could see the muscles of your long legs work to carry your lean body gracefully down each step. 

"May I touch you, Master?" you asked cautiously as you reached the bottom of the steps.. 

"Yes, slave, you may touch me," I answered. My eyes searched out the mysteries of your sensuous and desirable naked form. 

You took the material I was carrying out of my arms and placed them against the wall. 

"May I kiss you now, Master?" you hissed in the heat of passion. 

"Yes, slave, kiss, me and kiss me well, you wanton cum begging slave," I answered. 

You took my hands and placed them softly on your tits and raised those firm, wonderful tits, toward me with just by increasing the fullness of your lungs. 

Your hands went to my face and held it tightly on both sides. You tilted your head and your tender lips brushed mine. You moved those lips wonderfully across my lips softly until I was sure you were just teasing the hell out of me. 

Your left hand brushed my hair and settled at the back of my head and held it tightly as you pressed you full lips over mine. I could feel your tongue snake across my teeth and over my own. Your moved your mouth to get a better grip and drew your breath inward sucking me with you. 

I reached behind you and felt your warm, round, firm ass and shapely hips. 

You ground your cunt forward against my swelling cock. I knew what you wanted and you knew I was going to give you what you wanted. 

It wasn't but a half minute later when you had me as naked as you were, slave. 

I pressed you against the wall and you raised you silky right leg over my left hip. 
I felt your sloppy cunt with my fingers. I really didn't need that verification to know you were ready. 

Your hand brought my stiff and raging cock to your gaping, wet, cunt lips and with one smooth stroke I slid it inside you. It occurred to me that cock and cunt were at the exact right height because of the heels you were wearing. That clearly was not an accident. And, I could feel my cock press directly on your clit and I ground myself into you from this position... that wasn't an accident either, I thought. 

Your cunt was tight and it was obvious that your years of Kegel exercises were paying handsome dividends for my sensitive cock. 

"What am I doing to you, slave?" I asked. 

"Master, you are fucking me, sir, You are fucking me. You are fucking me good, Sir," you answered almost breathlessly. 

"What am I fucking, slave?" 

"Sir, you are fucking the cunt of your most compliant and submissive slave girl, Master," you answered huskily. 

Your hips bucked wildly and you held your lips on mine. You did not release the erotic pressure you were exerting with your hand on my head. 

My fingers again found your tits and I squeezed your rock hard nipples. You moaned and didn't offer any resistance. 

Your tongue snaked inside my mouth in perfect rhythm with my cock as it banged  in your cunt. 

We both had our cums at the same time and continued to cling to each other in gasping desire.. 

With my cock still buried inside you, your silky tongue was still at work in my mouth and you practically forced another cum from me with the ministrations of your overly aggressive cunt muscles.. 

"Did you enjoy fucking me sir? Did I bring you pleasure?" you asked.
 
Then I knew.; I knew for sure you are one scheming, horny, topping from the bottom slave girl. My very beautiful, slave girl. 

The End


Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Lewis Chappelle


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





