BDSM Library - Tali's Troubles




Tali's Troubles
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Tali's Master puts her through quite an afternoon! And that's only after what she went through with Canin' Connie!







Tali knelt, sobbing bitterly as she unrolled the strands of rope





 
  Jim
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  3
  2007-08-04T00:15:00Z
  2007-08-04T00:15:00Z
  3
  1156
  6595
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  54
  15
  7736
  12.00
 




 
  Clean
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-unhide:no;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman","serif";}


 

 
  
 






Tali knelt, sobbing bitterly as she unrolled the strands of
rope. Her fingers were swollen, as she had been taking ropes apart since five a.m. What a task! Getting&nbsp;a huge length of rope, taking the strands apart, and
then pulling the individual fibers apart. 

&nbsp;

And how she looked! Naked, with mousetraps on her nipples,
kneeling in the living room on a slab of&nbsp; granite,
while Fenton and his ex-con pals watched in horny amusement.

&nbsp;

&quot;But Tali, darling&quot; Fenton said with a bitter
smile, &quot;That's picking oakum. Taking ropes apart.
That's what prisoners did in the middle ages, and you are running for governor
of Maryland
on the get-tough-on crime ticket.&quot;

&nbsp;

Oh, how Tali regretted discussing her platform with Fenton
the Felon, her Master. But of course it was all over the television, now.
&quot;Vote for Natalie Snowden, former district attorney of Montgomery County
Maryland, running now for governor!...she is tough on
crime!&quot;

&nbsp;

Fenton had served thirty-three months out of a seven year
stretch at the Eastern Correctional Institution in Princess Anne, Maryland, and done
fifty-two months of a four-to-nineteen year sentence at Jessup Prison as well. 

&nbsp;

He'd been briefly imprisoned for his car theft rings in
jails all over, a veteran of youth reformatories, county jails, and city
lockups, and was not much interested in tough-on-crime types.

&nbsp;

And Tali of course had given many impassioned speeches about
returning idle prisoners to &quot;The chain gang&quot; and making them labor
instead of sitting around in prison watching soap operas and lifting weights.

&nbsp;

Now Tali had a small strand of rope, which she rubbed back
and forth on her bare knee, itching it to death, until
the strand was in twenty fibers, which she put in front of her.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;Fenton was going to use the hemp to repair his
sailboat, &quot;Much as the tarry rope of yesteryear was forced apart by the
prisoners to cover the holes in old ships&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Darling, I wish I could give you the option of a
treadwheel to walk&quot; Fenton said gently. &quot;But this is the only
compassion lesson I can think of right now.&quot;

&nbsp;

It was such a shame Fenton had been so helpful in getting
her the nomination. Tali's campaign&nbsp;expert had told her that she was
thirty pounds overweight, and had to get back down to a hundred ten for the
voters to take her seriously.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;And Fenton had&nbsp; signed
her up iwth his friend Canin' Connie, who had a unique weight-loss plan. Tali
recalled her diary during this crucial time:

&nbsp;

November 3-Met with Canin'
Connie, she weighed me at 142 pounds and called me a lard ass. She made me get
down on my knees to kiss her feet and beg to be delivered of my excess weight.

&nbsp;

November 6-Met with Canin'
Connie again, I weighed in at 146, which I explained as having had to chow down
at the Bowieville Prayer Breakfast for Orphan Albinos. Connie told me that there
was no excuse. She is an intimidating woman with short blond hair and huge tits
smacked into a tube top. Before I could ask her weight, Connie had pulled my
dress up and my panties down and given me eight welters with her bamboo cane.
As I cried, on my knees, panties at my ankles, Connie advised me to carry my
own breakfast everywhere--yogurt with melon--&quot;Because you won't upset the
Prayer Breakfast people eating your own food as much as I'll upset you,
Pudgy.&quot;

&nbsp;

November 12- Met with Canin'
Connie yet&nbsp;&nbsp;again. This time I'd lost six
pounds, and Connie hugged me and gave me praise. She slipped her hand in my
panties and teased my clitoris with her long nails. I had to admit I was
aroused.

&nbsp;

November 14-Canin' Connie
came to see me today, and was irritated at my having gone up to 142 again. I
tried to explain to her that it was mostly water weight, but she was quite
irritable and made me write 250 times &quot;I will not be a greedy-guts
governor&quot;

&nbsp;

November 20-Oh, I've been
crying on my bed, my face in my pillow and my buttocks SCREAMING with pain.
Connie caught me with some Twinkies, and slashed my butt 18 strokes, and put me
on a dry porridge diet for 2 weeks. It's so humiliating!

&nbsp;

December 4- I'm now down to
138, but Connie is implacable. She keeps calling me Piggie and Greedy-guts. I
always end up in tears after one of her tirades. And she left me this note--

DEAR PIGGIE

I SAW YOUR FROZEN PIZZA
WRAPPER IN THE GARBAGE. GOOD THING I HAVE A KEY
TO YOUR PLACE. ANY MORE PIZZA AND
I'LL FLATTEN YOUR TIRE WITH MY BELT, YOU LITTLE BITCH, THERE'S NOTHING FUNNIER
TO ME THAN PULLING YOUR SPANDEX DOWN AND
REDDENING THAT GLUTEAL MESS YOU CALL A BOTTOM. GET
WITH THE PROGRAM!

CANIN' CONNIE

&nbsp;

January 10

&nbsp;

I've been stuck at 119 pounds
now for three weeks. I tried to explain to Connie that it was just a plateau,
and I wasn't cheating, but she gave me twelve vicious lashes with her cane
across my buttocks, then another four across my bare breasts! As I rolled on
the floor and wept, clutching my bosom, Connie told me that if I didn't lose
five pounds by February first, she was going to give up the canes and bullwhip
the fat off me...I feel so hopeless.

&nbsp;

But Canin' Connie's haranging worked,
and Tali was now down to one hundred and three pounds. Connie showed up now and
then and whipped Tali into shreds as the poor thing did jumping jacks, running
in place, and other calisthentics, and of course there was the horrible
weigh-in. 

&nbsp;

All the press was abuzz over how District Attorney Snowden
was shaping up physically for the election, but they'd have been astonished if
they'd known Tali's campaign manager was a twice convicted car thief!

The doorbell rang. Oh God.

Tali shook her head dispiritedly as she heard the doorbell
ring, and Fenton ambled over to answer it. &quot;Ah yes, Sokhuen!&quot; Tali looked
up resentfully as the diminutive Asian girl came into the house.

&nbsp;

How Tali hated Sokhuen. For the eight years that Tali and
Fenton had been together he'd had many girlfriends, and Tali had had to endure
being punished and humiliated in front of and by Fenton's various girlfriends
and lovers.

&nbsp;

But at least Tali had been Fenton's only submissive! But
recently at the Tawse Club, Fenton had met Sokhuen, a comely Vietnamese with
long dark hear and full breasts on a four foot eleven frame. Sokhuen was ten
times the sub that Tali was. Sokhuen had much more
pain tolerance, and knew how to serve a Master in a thousand different ways.

&nbsp;

Where Tali could only take ten or fifteen strokes to her
breasts with a cane without collapsing (unless she was chained to the
ceiling)&nbsp; Sokhuen could patiently hold her hands behind her back and stand
silently as the cane, dog-whip or supple switch slashed again and again until
Fenton's arm was tired.

Tali had heard Sokhuen ask again and again for more
pain...and Tali was just a big fat baby in comparison. Also, Tali couldn't take&nbsp; any sort of punishment to her vagina, but regularly
Sokhuen's twat was stretched by inventive clamps, locked to five pound weights.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;Tali often was nauseated seeing Sokhuen's pussy lips
dragging down near her knees, but she also envied the inner strength that the
Oriental had not to scream or cry in what must have been excruciating pain.

&nbsp;

Fenton loved to attach weights to Sokhuen's nipples and
clitoris simultaneously and then chase the girl around the house with his dog
whip, lashing the tiny brown buttocks as the girl ran, silently, without
screaming or moaning.

&nbsp;

Tali was horrified by the idea that Fenton might become so
enthralled with Sokhuen that he might dump Tali...and right now she needed Fenton
badly...after all, Tali was running for governor!

&nbsp;

Now Fenton ordered Sokhuen to strip and mount the stairs.
&quot;Just stay there in the corner of our bedroom, and I'll be up.&quot; he
called. &quot;I just have to supervise this cow's ropework, you know.&quot;

&nbsp;

Tali looked at her ropes and bit her lip. It would be quite
an afternoon!

&nbsp;

&nbsp;







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  justin benedict


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





