BDSM Library - Dan and Jennifer




Dan and Jennifer
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Dan's friend Jennifer makes an unfortunate mistake, which leads to a very pleasant change in their relationship.


	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	


Dan and Jennifer 

Chapter 1


“Come on,” Dan thought to himself. 
“It's not really that big a deal.  Just turn around and go back to
your apartment.”  Unfortunately, Dan's feet didn't seem to be
listening to him, and even that thread of rational thought seemed
dim, distant, under his anger.  It was all he could do to not take
the stairs two at a time, and the to neighbors he passed on the lower
landing took one look at his face and looked quickly away without
offering a greeting.


The events of the last few days flashed
through his head as he walked, driving him forward.  One of his five
apartment-mates, Sam, breaking up with Dan's best female friend
Jennifer.  Dumping her.  Dan telling Jennifer, warning her as she
considered taking him back, telling her she was better off. 
Explaining how Sam had hit the bar, and a “new piece of ass” as
Sam had put it, the very night they had broken up.  



Dan had told her not to start a fight,
but to warn her.  He cared about her, she was worth more than to get
fucked over by a college muscle-head.  But he had also warned her
that he was telling her for her own information, and not to pass it
on as from him.  The last thing he needed was to get in a fight with
apartment-mates ho, up till now, he had gotten along well with.  They
were all even planning on getting a house together next year
off-campus.


But had Jennifer thought about any of
that?  Of course not...Dan should have known, but he had trusted her
word that she would keep the source private...it -had- been a crowded
bar in a college town after all, how hard would it have been for her
to say “a friend saw you”?  But no, of course not.  She had
caught Sam outside his next class, raised from all reports a bit of
unholy hell in front of a crowd, and had met Sam's denials with a
variation on “Dan told me himself,” though by all reports it had
contained significantly more cursing and screaming.


What happened next was almost too easy
to see coming.  Sam had come storming back to the apartment,
humiliated and angry.  A shouting match almost degenerated into a
brawl, and was only held back by the other house-mates.  It hadn't
ended in violence, but it had been a near thing and each of the other
three house-mates had taken sides.  The household was pretty much
destroyed as such, and two of the guys, Sam and Nick, had sworn to go
off and get their own new house, without the other three.  



As soon as Sam and Nick had made their
exit, yelling over their shoulder something about “drinking with
people who know what bros before hos means” Dan stormed out the
door.  Gabe and Adam called after him, but he wasn't hearing a word
they said.  He was about to give Jennifer back a piece of what she
had so unthinkingly dished out.


The reminiscing ceased as Dan found
himself at Jennifer's door, fuming.  He lifted his hand to the knob
and paused.  Jennifer was a friend after all, did he want to...his
hand turned the doorknob, pushing open the door and following it into
the apartment.  “Jennifer!”  He called out as he entered, fuming.
 “Jennifer, where the hell are you?  Get out here!”  



Jennifer came around the corner into
the small living room from the hallway, a scowl on her face.  “Who
the hell is...oh, Dan.  What are you doing here?”  She dropped the
anger, her forehead crinkling up in confusion.  “Is something
wrong? You don't usually just walk i...”


“Shut up Jennifer,” Dan cut her
off, his hand slicing through the air as if to silence her with a
motion.  “Just shut the fuck up, you obviously talk way too damn
much.”


A look of outrage passed briefly over
her features, morphing through confusion, then finally to...something
else.  She dropped her eyes from his, looking down at the floor, her
fingers twining together and fidgeting at each other nervously as her
weight shifted back and forth slightly from foot to foot. 



Dan took a moment and a deep breath,
trying to calm himself as he looked at her. God she was
beautiful...Jennifer was Chinese, five foot six, with a a beautiful
body.  Her long, slender figure was wrapped up in baggy teeshirt and
sweats today, but he had seen her in party clothes enough times to
know that figure by heart. She was one of the rare Chinese girls he
had seen with a slender figure, but with a beautifully rounded ass,
and good sized breasts.  Nothing huge, maybe a large B or a small C,
but certainly not the tiny assets that so often went with such a
slender frame.  Most amazing though was her face.  Framed by silky
black hair, her heart-shaped face with its almond-shaped face with
its rich brown, almond shaped eyes could turn any face in the room. 
If that wasn't enough, her small nose led down to lips which, when
parted in a smile, could easily stop the breath of anyone looking at
her.  



Dan took another deep breath, not
wanting to scream, and finally spoke to her. “How could you DO that
Jennifer?  I told you about Sam because I thought you should know,
but there was no reason to bring me into it.”  Anger still seeped
through his voice, and was nowhere near gone from his mind, but he
tried to leash it tightly as he continued.  “I have to LIVE with
the guy for another several weeks for Christ's sake, and now I can
throw my house-mate plans for next year right out the window.”


She looked up for a moment, her eyes
filling with tears, though none fell down her cheeks.  “Dan, I'm
Sorry,” her voice came out as half whisper, half pleading whine. “I
didn't KNOW that you wanted me to keep it qu...”


Dan cut her off again with another
chopping gesture, anger climbing back into his face and raising his
voice.  “BULLSHIT Jennifer,” he yelled.  “That's a load of
crap, You know perfectly well that you agreed to not pull me into
this shit!”  



The tears did start to fall now,
rolling down her cheeks.  “I'm SORRY,” she choked out between
sobs.  “I was so angry with him, I just...I'm sorry.  What can I do
to make it up to y...”


“What can you do to make it up?” 
His voice took a tone of incredulity, he couldn't even believe she
could do this and then think that this was some simple problem she
could easily undo.  “NOTHING, Jennifer.  There's nothing to do. 
You fucked up, and now you've fucked up my life and my living
situation.  Thanks SO much, I am REALLY glad I tried to be a friend
to you.”


A fresh, louder sob came bubbling up
between her lips, one hand moving up to cover her mouth as her body
began to shake with the force of her crying, the tears rolling down
her face now.  Finally between sobs she managed to choke out
“please....please Dan, hit me.  Hit me.”  Her eyes were locked on
his now, still streaming with tears, her hands moving to cover hr
face as she cried into them.


Dan stopped cold for a moment, shocked
at her words.  He was about to go to her, to tell her not to be
ridiculous, that he wasn't going to beat her up, but he felt
something sliding around inside him, a feeling coiling in his gut. 
He moved a step closer to her, speaking quietly now, controlled,
pushing the anger back so that he could think.  “What did you say? 
Hit you?  Look at me Jennifer, and tell me what you are talking
about.”


Her sobbing loudened again, her hands
coming down from her face as her tear-filled eyes came back up to
his.  “I...you're so angry, so...you told me I can't make it up to
you, you told me there's nothing I can...”  She trailed off, her
eyes dropping to her fidgeting hands for a moment, then looked back
up at him.  “If...if you hit me, maybe you would feel better? 
Maybe you could forgive me after?”  Her eyes dropped again.


The twisting thing in his gut seemed to
solidify, to rise up and fill him.  He had played at spanking and at
light bondage in the past, with girlfriends, but this was something
entirely different, this was a...COULD BE a...a chance for...he
clamped down hard on his thoughts, knowing that if he thought too
much he wouldn't be able to do this.  



He stepped forward toward her, his hand
rising, and she flinched back, explecting a blow but not moving from
where she stood and not even raising her eyes from the floor. 
Instead of hitting her though he grabbed one of her hands in his, and
started toward the hallway and her bedroom.  “Come on,” he said
quietly.  He led her to the bedroom and then inside, shutting the
door behind them and pushing her gently over to the area in front of
the desk.  “Ok Jennifer, I want you to take off your jeans and bend
over that desk.”  His heart was pounding, nervousness rising
through him, but he managed to keep it out of his voice. 



Her eyes, which had been lowered till
this point, snapped up to his face, a look of shock on her face. 
“You want what?” she sputtered out.


“You want me to hit you?  You want to
feel better and for me to forgive you?  Fine. But I'm not about to
use you as a punching bag.  I'll spank your ass till it glows and you
can't sit for a few days without remembering what you did.  Now do
what I told you.”


“but why do I need to take off my
...” her voice, which had been rising to a whine, was cut off as he
spoke again.


“Because I'm not going to spank you
through a pair of jeans Jenny.  Now you have two choices.  You can
get your ass out of those pants and bent over that desk, or I can
walk the fuck out of here and you will never see me again.  Your
call.  You can keep the panties on, and I'm not going to try and rape
you, but if that ass isn't out of pants and in the air in fifteen
seconds, I am out the door.”  His heart was pounding, as he
wondered whether he had overplayed his hand, pushed this too far. He
stood there waiting, eyes boring holes into her.


Finally, her eyes dropped back to the
floor.  With trembling fingers, she slowly unbuttoned her jeans and
slid them down her slender legs, stepping out of them. She turned,
with one last apprehensive glance at his stony face, and bent forward
slightly, placing her palms on the top of the desk.  Dan's cock was
stiffening quickly, and he felt a wave of relief go through him as
she turned.


“Not like that,” he said, stepping
forward.  “I told you I want that ass in the air.”  He stepped
forward, taking the back of her neck in his left hand and pushing
firmly down, till her cheek was pressed against the wood of the desk,
her back arching gracefully back upward to her flared ass, mostly
covered by a pair of modest cotton panties, stuck up proudly.  “Now
stay like that and don't move.  This is going to go on until I decide
it's done, you understand?”


Her head nodded slightly, jerkily,
against the top of the desk.  Her entire body was trembling and goose
bumps were rising across her skin. if it hadn't been seventy five
degrees Dan would have been sure that she was freezing.  



His right hand slid to the panties
covering her butt, and her entire body flinched as he touched her. 
Looping his thumb and forefinger through the material he pulled the
panties tight up into the crack of her ass, exposing the cheeks of
her bottom. He waited a moment, still, his eyes traveling over her
body as she trembled like a scared animal.  



Lifting his left hand, he brought it
down with a swift smack across both cheeks of her ass, leaving a red
hand print on her bottom and causing her to howl.  Her weight shifted
from one foot to the other, causing her ass to sway to the side just
in time to receive a second hard slap, this one catching her hard on
the side of her ass as it swayed toward him.


When the third smack came down, stiff
fingers driving into the space where her ass met her thigh, she
screeched, her body bolting upright and her hands flashing back to
cover her rear.  “Oww, it hurts too much, don't OWW,” the last
coming as Dan wrapped a hand tightly in her hair and pushed her,
hard, back down against the table.  Once she was down flat again he
took his hand from her hair, grabbing both of her wrists and holding
them tight in the small of her back with his right hand.


“Listen to me Jenny,” he said
placing his left hand against the back of her neck and giving her a
shake.  “Stay still.  Shut your mouth.  Lie there and take your
punishment.  If I hear another word out of you or you try to
straighten up or cover yourself again I will beat your ass so black
and blue that you won't be able to walk.  And then I will leave, I
will walk out forever.  Do you understand?”  He gave her another
rough shake to get the point across, and she nodded hastily, one
small sob escaping her lips as she stopped struggling to free her
hands, and seemed to slump against the desk in resignation.


The stillness ended as his hand found
her bottom again, and again, harder now.  Her hips jerked and
twisted, her weight rising to the balls of her feet and then dropping
again to her heels.  He grinned slightly to himself as he swatted her
again, and another time, thinking that she probably didn't know just
what a show she was putting on with her ass dancing for him.  His
right hand kept a firm grip on her wrists, keeping her hands and
lower back pressed hard against the desk, but she didn't struggle too
hard to free them.  Her upper body seemed to do what it was told,
though her lower body was dancing lasciviously with each blow, her
bottom trying by its own will to escape the rain of spanking which
found her no matter which way she squirmed.  He continued laying more
and more swats against her bottom, watching it begin to pick up a
rosy color, and then deeper red.  Each blow drew a squeal from
between her closed lips, and then a groan.  Finally, as her bottom
heated toward a bright red color, each blow drew a sob, and she was
crying softly between each spank.
Finally he stopped, his own hand
stinging and his breathing hard as he looked down at her, resting a
moment. Her cries had quieted to small, constant, choking sobs, her
hair covering her face.  Her bottom still moved freely in the air,
wiggling back and forth, her hips swaying and the cheeks of her ass
tightening and releasing in unthinking response to the pain.  He laid
the edge of his fingernail against the top of her bottom and drew a
hard line down one side of her ass, raising both a bright white line
in the red of her flesh and a fresh, whining sob from her throat.


Sliding his gaze lower, to where her
thighs came together, he felt his heart leap.  A dark, wet stain had
spread across her panties, sticking them firmly to her most private
parts.  There, pushed out behind her as she bent over, the lips of
her pussy were clearly outlined in the wet fabric.  Dan grinned to
himself...he had HOPED, but...


He drew another white line down her
ass, this time on the other side, and this time his fingertip curled
inward, toward the outlined cleft.  When he finally touched it her
body leaped slightly in surprise, and he feigned shock.  “Why
JENNY,” he exclaimed incredulously.  “What a little SLUT!  Your
pussy is soaking wet, and from what...getting bent over a desk and
beaten like a naughty little girl?” 



The red from her ass seemed to spread
through her entire body, shame burning through her.  She started to
speak, to say something, but Dan tightened his grip on her narrow
wrists threateningly.  “No no little girl, no talking remember? 
Don't worry, I'll help you with that sticky little slit.”  He
pressed up against her hip, letting her feel the hardness of  his
cock through his pants against her hip as his finger stroked gently
down the length of her pussy through the panties.  She groaned, and
pressed her side against him, rubbing, but he pulled back slightly,
leaving her side touching nothing.  



“No no, Jenny.  I promised I wouldn't
fuck you remember?  Instead I'll just help you out with your little
problem here, won't that be nice?”  His fingers kept dragging
across her mound, almost petting her, and her crying started up
fresh, humiliated sobs wracking her body.  He knew from previous,
drunken conversations that Jennifer didn't like fingers on her.  She
thought it felt cheap, like a cop-out...a dirty younger cousin to sex
and not something that people should do.
  

Which, Dan though, made this perfect. 
He slid two fingers slowly down the length of her slit, petting it
gently through her panties.  As he stroked lightly back and forth she
began crying in earnest again, finding a new well of tears in her
humiliation.  Her cries got louder as he slid the cloth of her
panties off the slick little pussy, his fingers sliding easily
between the engorged lips, then strangled off to a moan as he found
her clit, rolling it gently between the ball of his thumb and his
forefinger.


Her hips pushed back, her ass rising
farther off the desk, as she tried to push her cunt more firmly
against his hand, rubbing herself up and down against his teasing
fingers.  He let her rub herself against him for a moment, letting
her clit grind into his thumb, before sliding his hand back, leaving
her whimpering as he removed the friction.  Her hips continued to
sway, her pussy seeming to quest out to find his fingers, and he
laughed, drawing another choked sob from her.  “Greedy little
thing, isn't it?” he mused, then slid his fingers back to her clit.
 



For a long time his fingers continues
the slow circling on her, never increasing their pace, never pressing
hard, though her hips wiggled and she pressed back against him,
trying to move herself up and down against the light touch, trying to
push into it with her hips.  He got even more hard watching her
involuntary movements, seeing her straining back against him for the
slightest touch.  



Finally he increased the pressure on
her clit, his index and middle fingers grinding in faster circles
now.  Her breathing got more ragged, the red flush coming back to her
skin, the flush this time equal parts of arousal and embarrassment as
the two feelings fed each other inside her.  She groaned loudly, her
groans turning to grunts, the muscles of her calves tensing hard as
she lifted herself against him, her whole body shuddering in orgasm
as she came against his hand, her legs trembling and almost
collapsing beneath her.  He continued his slow stroking through her
orgasm, drawing out another groan, and another, the violent
shuddering of her body finally slowing after almost a full minute.  



Finally her breathing slowed, the
shuddering in her body died down.  She lay against the desk, limp and
panting, as he removed his right hand from her wrists and gave her a
small pat on the ass.  “Good girl Jenny,” he said soothingly. 
“Do you feel better?”


She didn't move from her position, but
nodded slightly, sniffling.


He smiled to himself, exultant.  This
was perfect, or at least it would be.  “Good.  I decided that you
and I are going out to dinner tonight.  Go get cleaned up, and put on
some nice clothes.  I expect you at my place at seven.”  With that
he turned, opening her bedroom door.  He took one last look backward,
admiring the long legs tapering up to the bare, wet pussy and the
red, round ass in the air.  “Don't rest too long Jenny, I don't
want you to be late.”  



Dan shut the door to the bedroom and
then left the apartment.  He was whistling on the way back to his
place, his mood much improved.  He still moved quickly though...he
had lots to get done in the next couple hours.
=====
Apologies to all for the poor
formatting of the first version, I obviously made a mistake
converting from txt to html.  I hope this version is a little more
readable.  Comments and feedback always welcome at suretsua@gmail.com
=====


Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Austerus


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





