BDSM Library - Lord of the Storms




Lord of the Storms
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  Intro: for those that never touched LKH Mary entry series:    This is enchanted faery land. Sithen is the Mound in which the faery land exists. It is home for it; containing countless chambers, gardens ; it is world in its self , but it is living 'being'. It changes at its own will.    Mistral is God of winds and storm. He is 6'4", muscled, with slightly off white colored skin, gray knee long hair and eyes. He become the captain of Queens guard after Doyle was discharged.   Doyle was Queens Darkness. He is shape shifter. He can change into black dog, black stallion and some kind of black bird of pray. He is 6'2", compact, black skin and blue-black shiny ankle length hair. 








 
  Jim
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  3
  2007-08-16T15:32:00Z
  2007-08-16T15:32:00Z
  3
  1200
  6844
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  57
  16
  8028
  12.00
 




 
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin-top:0in;
	mso-para-margin-right:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:10.0pt;
	mso-para-margin-left:0in;
	line-height:115%;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:11.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";
	mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin;
	mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin;}


 

 
  
 






It is unusual,
quiet, eerie dark; but I don't know if it is calm before the storm or the one
just after the battle. Sithen has decided it is time for rest so it made its
chambers dark, bathing the gardens in cold blue moonlight. 

&nbsp;

It was only hours
since we worked magic, danced to rhythm of our desires, but I lay awake,
motionless in the big, black silk covered bed, and listen to His breathing. He
sleeps like a King, spread eagle in peaceful, deep, dreamless rest. 

&nbsp;

Sliding carefully
to the floor, I make my way to the chair, folding legs beneath me, pulling the
fur close to my body, not for warmth but for comfort, I am watching Him sleep.
I love to watch Him sleep; still not believing it is Him, Mistral, Lord of
Storm and Winds. My Lord! I am watching moonlight playing shadows on taut
muscles, long gray hair spilled like liquid silver around Him. 

&nbsp;

The air is filled
with the heavy scent of sage. Closing my eyes, inhaling deeply, remembering
evening: His need, our passion. Deep in my body starts ripple, memory alive.
Heat rising, urge to feel Him, to taste him, to convince myself He is mine! 

&nbsp;

Quietly, I move
like a shadow, to the head of the bed. Leather straps lay discarded on the
floor ... just what I need! With feather touch, nothing more than butterfly
kiss, I tie the leather to his wrist and to the bedpost. First one, than the
other hand. I smile and move to His feet, which I secure to the bottom
bedposts. This time I will have Him on my terms! 

&nbsp;

I lie between His
legs and inhale His warm, male aroma. With closed eyes I touch my cheek to His
leg, lightly, just feeling soft caress of His heat. Laying on my stomach with
my arms imprisoned under my breast, I cannot resist... my tongue darts and
licks, my taste buds feasting on his sweet skin. 

&nbsp;

He moves, still
asleep, and pulls on his bonds. The sleep clears His led colored eyes quick and
He attempts to get up, reach for His sword. I lie motionless between His legs
ready to move fast if my bonds are not strong enough to hold Him. But I did
good job and slowly He quiets down to assess the situation. As He looks around
His eyes find my gaze from between His feet. I can see the relief wipe the
tension for a moment, just to be replaced by anger. 

&nbsp;

&quot;red! What
is this? Release me!&quot; His voice is low growl, vibrations causing me to
suck in air, while deep inside, my muscles clench on emptiness. 

&nbsp;

I smile at Him,
wordless, rubbing my cheek to his leg like a lazy cat. With my eyes half closed
I run my tongue down His leg, leaving wet trail of goose bumps. Despite His
protests I can feel Him relaxing as His gaze burns my skin. I slither down the
cool sheets, and rub my nose up His sole. With my face almost hidden behind his
foot I look at Him with smiling emerald eyes. 

&nbsp;

&quot;No. No.
NO!&quot; He hisses as my tongue darts at his toes. I take them in my mouth one
by one, bathing them carefully, suckling and nibbling on them until He stops
tensing and pulling on his bonds. His breath quickened and He is looking at me
silently through his half closed eyelids. 

&nbsp;

First flickers of
power dance through His body, raising fine hairs on mine. Low in his throat a
sound, growl, causing rumble of distant thunder somewhere in the hallway. 

&nbsp;

This is what the
dreams are made of, magic in touch, primeval forces turning matter into energy,
as I climb the bed, without looking I can feel His body shining, dim white
light making its way out, through his skin. I have always been drawn to
uncontainable force of storm, tingling energy riding on the wind as the rain
approaches. 

&nbsp;

To ride a Storm
... 

&nbsp;

Rubbing my hot
skin over His stretched body, feeling Him hard on my face, closing eyes and
luxuriating in the exquisite touch of that silk soft, rock hard shaft on my
cheek. With my hands on each side of His hips, I rest my eyelids against His
soft testicles, enjoying the warm scent of our commingled essences. My tongue
slowly makes its way over silky line of perineum, only to find the hard,
swollen ball in its tightening sack. Sucking it in my mouth I play with it as
if it was hard toffee, the sound of the thunder is approaching and my long red
hair starts floating on the cool breeze. 

&nbsp;

The energy starts
pushing against me, air smelling of ozone. He is utterly still underneath me,
taut like strung bow. My skin tingles as my stomach churns in anticipation,
fear rising. My eyes shoot open looking for anything familiar in this blast of
light. His hair has turned brilliant white making halo of rays around Him. His
eyes bleed to led silver of stormy sky crisscrossed with flashes of lightning. 

&nbsp;

The thunders are
ripping sounds, shaking the walls of our room. Locked in his eyes I am blind to
anything else, deafened by the thunders that reflect my own need, I straddle
Him lowering myself slowly, accommodating the engorged head, letting my self slide
carefully down, feeling stretched, spread open. Not being able to lower myself
all the way down I raise hearing His growl of disapproval. 

&nbsp;

My time, my
tempo, my pleasure ... 

&nbsp;

His need, His
demand, His heat! 

&nbsp;

&quot;UNTIE
ME!!!&quot; He bellows, but I am too far gone, my need taking over, there is no
rational thought left, only feeling of burning, needy flash. 

&nbsp;

From the corners
of my eyes, the darkness enters, carrying shiny blades. Cold fire replaced by
thick heat bathing my back as his black hair spreads like cape covering us
both. Frozen in mid movement, my senses confused I watch, as in slow motion,
while blades cut bonds holding Mistrals arms. Wrapping his hands around my
wrists, Doyle forces my arms behind my back, grabbing them both in his one hand,
folding them in the small of my back, leaving me no option but to lean into his
embrace. 

&nbsp;

My brain is
turning into mush... over-stimulated... to much input... where did he come
from? Mistral rising.. His hands finding my breast... NO! this is not what I
want ... no ... need! I need this, I need them, both! Time?! There is no time
... don't waste time! Take me! Fill me! 

&nbsp;

Did I say that
out loud? Did they hear? 

&nbsp;

Mistrals mouth
closes around my nipple pulling it into his hot mouth, drawing on it, finding
that un-existing thread that connects it to the center of my uterus, making it
contract, as if trying to grab onto something that should be there, expecting ?


&nbsp;

Doyles free hand
holds my head to the side, baring my neck to his scorching lips, teasing
tongue, sharp teeth. I draw his finger into my mouth and start sucking on it as
I would on that hard black shaft resting between my ass cheeks just out of the
reach to my imprisoned hands. 

&nbsp;

With slow
deliberate movement Doyle draws me upwards. &quot;NOOOO,&quot; my mind screams
&quot; to far, no! don't take me off Him!&quot;. But it is not my choice, not
my game any more! As he pulls me off, in the very next moment he forces me down
on his own cock, bathing himself in my juices that are now flowing freely,
coating his as well as Mistrals shaft. 

&nbsp;

Caught between
two fires, whipped by stormy winds, I scream soundless, absorbed in senses.
Doyle pulls me upwards once again, leaving me empty, gasping, only to force me
down, feeling them both entering me at the same time, filing both orifices, I
throw my head back, this time air escapes piercing the minute thunder-less
silence. As I slide down Mistral hits the cervix sending sharp pain up my
spine. I open my eyes and see Him grin moment before his mouth close on my own
blurring my vision. Mistral holds me in long, deep kiss, feasting on me, on my
pain, fear, struggle, while Doyle starts languid moves in and out, rubbing
Mistrals member through the thin wall separating them. 

&nbsp;

Blind and deaf to
anything outside, all my senses concentrated to feeling in my belly, the center
of two men desire enveloped in hot-cold power I break from the kiss gasping for
air as my pleasure explodes triggering them, bringing them to the peak. I can
feel their essence bathing my insides as the storm reaches its peak in
crescendo of stones falling around us, opening the ceiling to blue light of the
moon.







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  redEva


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





