BDSM Library - An unexpected turn




An unexpected turn
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: He ended up helplessat the hands of a dominating woman, that he accidentally met 2 hours ago.






An unexpected turn

He was dressed in his impecable suit,going to join his male friends

in their meeting point bar and was late as usual.

After several circles around the block, he thought he had finally spotted an empty space

and started&nbsp; parking his huge offroad car. Suddenly, out of nowhere, with a shift manoeuvre

someone else has taken his spot! HIS spot! Furious, he rode on the pavement,&nbsp; got out of the car

slamming his door and by almost running&nbsp; went to ask from explanations. 

Then he saw Her face. She was at Her mid thirties with&nbsp; penetrating brown eyes and long imposing dark hair.

She was looking at him from the drivers seat&nbsp; with a teasing smile. His first&nbsp; bustle suddenly faded away.

"I am sorry, but that's my parking spot "he argued with an apparent luck of confidence.

Without answering, She came out Her car. He felt insignificant. Her figure was so impressive that 

without a word he stepped aside for Her to pass. She wrapped Her stupendous figure with a divine

ebony cloak, intoxicating the air around Her with a sublime perfume.

"All right",&nbsp; She replied "I might unpark my car for you, but you have to prove me you really need this

favour". She stared at him challengingly. 

"Look, my friends are waiting for me more than an hour at the bar down the road and I am wandering

around the block for more than 20 minutes, but if You are also in a hurry... ", he only got able to stutter.

She pointed him his mobile. "Call and inform that you are going to be late", She almost commanded.

"I leave upstairs and need help to carry down in my car a piece of furniture.

If you give a hand, I then leave and the space is yours".

He nodded without saying a word and followed Her in the elevator with a lump in his throat.

Her bulky figure cornered him,once more he felt unimportant,&nbsp; her magic perfume enclouded him and

an unvoluntary erection made him blush with shame.

"I love shy blushing men who cannot control their feelings!",

She stated with a smile while unlocking her appartment door.

"Would you come in and BOLT the door behind you?", completed Her phrase, turning Her back at him,

already beeing certain he HAD to follow.

"Bolt the door?" he thought in despair. "I must leave immediately, something does not fit".

But he could not take himself away.&nbsp; Instead he did what he was told, mesmerized by this

stunt female figure. "Now what?" was the only thing he could utter, when locking his freedom outside.

"Now as you can see, my hall tree is broken it needs to be carried to the craftsman."

 She replied with a low and confident tone of voice.

"I must carry it down, but in the meantime I hate to throw my&nbsp; overcoats to chairs here and there. They 

get crinkled and messy. Can I use YOU as My hall tree and&nbsp; hang my lovely cloak ON you?"

She completed Her sentence with a dry smile.

"That was it! Enough with this woman!" he thought and start walking towards the exit.

 His face was blushed with a mix of anger and shame. She noticed it.

"Of course you can leave anytime you like", she declared with an arrogant laughter.

"But there is no turning back then!" she exclaimed.

His feet froze on the floor. He turned around, humiliated by his own move.

The last thing he got able to see that night,

 was Her approaching him in slow steps with a smile of triumph.

"Last call" she whispered so close to him and raised Her beautiful pale white arms wearing

those long black gloves. She was holding over his head Her cloak.

He was&nbsp; paralyzed, feeling unable to move a muscle. He heard astonished himself saying 

with trembling voice:

"Please, hang it on me...".

Her cloak was all over him, blocking his eyeview, filling his nose&nbsp; with that dazzling fragrance, 

making his ears buzzing. 

"You like that, don't you boy?" she proclaimed.

"Oh yes" he replied ia a fainted voice.

"Yes what?" she snarled in his ear.

"Yes Mistress" he complied.

"That's better " She continued in the same tone of voice, more pleased this time:

"Now since I have so many clothing dropped here and there,

 I guess it's high time I dispose them at my new hall tree don't you think?"

She wasn't waiting for an answer. She started throwing over his head all kinds of clothes,

from heavy coats to light pullovers. He was breathing with difficulty.

"I need more hangers" she stated. "Reach out your hands" she ordered.

His hands were streched open but still trempling.

"Beware not to drop a thing!" She warned him, piling more clothes over his hands.

Then suddenly She stopped. He&nbsp; was not&nbsp; able to get a sign from Her for at least 10 minutes.

He was about to collapse under the burden, the heat, the thrill. His knees were bending

 when he heard Her whisper in his ear:

"I see another possible hanger, down there emerging. I wonder if I could possibly use it..."

said in a lofty manner. Next thing his trousers and underwear were down revealing his 

inevitable erection.

A giggle and a little stroke.

"I can hang my heavy woolen neckwear from here don't you think?" she asked with no answer

needed. She did it with careful moves as his cock was vibrating and dribbling. She left him

there incompetent of anything for another 10 minutes. Then She started unloading the burdens.

She only left the heavy cloak on his head. He didn't even imagine to lift it by himself.

"I believe your friends are waiting for you. Get out and go find them!" she ordered with a fake

commanding tone of voice. He heard Her opening the front door.

He gathered his pants and his remains and tried to start walking, stumbling to furniture

blinded as he were. He could hear her mocking laughs.

Finally, fumbling here and there he reached the door. 

Then Her ironic voice once more:

"Except if you feel you need a little cleaning and tiding first, all these clothes hanging over you,

 for that long..."&nbsp; and She started walking slowly towards the&nbsp; inner&nbsp; of the house, 

Her high heels making a commanding sound. She wanted him to follow.

She knew better. He could not resist anymore to Her wills.

This hope of freedom She used to&nbsp; give him from time to time, 

was the exact same chain that bound him to Her commands.

He HAD to obey to Her as She was mentally and physically superior.

He followed&nbsp; the sound of Her footsteps with fear and expectation.

She drove him to a kind of bench and told him to recline.

He then felt cuffs and buckles immobilising his wrists behind his head,

his ankles in the air hanging from somewhere, leaving his feet wide open

and his buttocks totally exposed.

He was helpless at the hands of a dominating woman, that he accidentally met 2 hours ago.

His life has taken an unexpected turn.

He felt Her mounting over his face and sat on Her cloak. His breath almost stopped.

He could smell her juices mixing with the fragrance of her perfume. He almost fainted once more.

Then he felt his nipples burning, awaking all of his senses back to life. Before knowing something cold was caressing his asshole. 

Then something penetrated him. His sphincter tried to resist to this unexpected impudent intruder.

Not a chance. She was leading Herself inside him,&nbsp; systematically and effectively.

In no time he was almost full opened, 3 fingers&nbsp; in and out,&nbsp; teasing his prostate.

"I am streching you my little whore and you like it don't&nbsp; you?"

Her mouth in his ear, Her soothing voice inside his messed up head.

He tried to speak but all he could hear coming out were little moans and groans.

He was not a human being with selfesteem and pride anymore.

Her fingers were in and out with frenzy. He was about to cum.

He made a last effort to salvage any left part of his dignity by denying his overwhelming orgasm

to this woman that was trasforming him to a slut. His teeth were rattling, his belly was uptight and firm

from the effort, his nails entering his palms, his cold&nbsp; sweat running down his forehead.

She stood up. 

"No chance in fighting Me " She whispered once more very close to his ear,

"your body and mind already belongs to Me" She added.

Then he felt a warm fountain cleansing his penis. She was pissing all over him,

using him as Her urinal. His final dignity frontier was broken. He was Her toy.

And Her last order before he exploded were two words only:

"Cum now!" Then he lost his senses.

Next thing, he woke up by the ring of his mobile, in his car naked and covered with a blanket.

In trembling voice he stuttered a "hello".

"From now on, every&nbsp; time I call you, I expect you to be at My frontdoor in an hour at the most,

dressed as I will order, without any further obligations for the next 2 or 3 hours. Is that understood?"

"Yes". "Yes, what?" "YES MY MISTRESS!."

"Ah and don't forget next time to bring over your elegant suits at My place. You won' t be needing them for sometime since there will all be exchanged with some very feminine dresses..."

































Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Loukas


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





