BDSM Library - Matts Torment




Matts Torment
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: After a family tragedy Matt is forced to live with his Uncle Jim who decides to teach him a lesson.






My name is Matt and this is a true story of the torment I was forced to endure at the hands of my uncle Jim. It all began when I just turned 16 and my mother died tragicly in a horrific car accident. The accident turned my life around for the worse. I started give up on everything I once cared about and it eventually resulted in my dropping out of high school. After spending a few months at a city foster home my 13 year old brother Ricky and I were sent to live with my uncle Jim. Although we had asked to live with one of my mom's friends the court ruled that Jim had legal rights to us and could give us the best care. They were horribly wrong.



Even though we weren't crazy about living with my uncle Jim, as we had known he was a bit of a hard ass, we were very happy when the day came to move out of the foster home. It was a city run establishment that was filthy and was the type of place that you just sit and count the days until you're allowed to leave. However right from the second we moved in with Jim I knew we were in for a world hurt. 



The day we moved in with uncle Jim he took me aside and told me that it was my responsibility to keep my brother from getting into trouble. I knew exactly what he was referring to. Ricky a good student, and courteous but he was known for making the worst decisions. He was once even arrested for breaking and entering. Up until that point I was under the assumption that trouble Ricky had gotten into was a family secret but it was obvious my mother spilled the beans at some point. Regardless it was now my responsibility to keep Ricky on the right track, which wouldn't be easy. 



Two weeks after moving in my uncle Jim cornered me and said that we had to talk. It turns out that Ricky wasn't adapting to his new school too well and my uncle was worried. He reminded me that it was my responsibility to get Ricky in line no matter how hard it was. He then firmed stated the words that I later realized was the beginning of the end, he said "Listen! This is going to be the deal. I know you're very protective of Ricky and I'm going to keep allowing you to be his guardian. However the next time he gets in trouble it'll be your ass." I was confused. What did that mean? I was going to be in trouble for Ricky's mistakes? He then said "From now on when Ricky does something wrong it'll be your job to punish him however you see fit and it'll be my job to punish you for not doing your job correctly".



Things went along fine for quite some time after that. I spoke to Ricky and told him how disappointed I was and he agreed to try better next time. Of course boys will be boys and about three months after our discussion Ricky made another stupid decision and went along with his friends to steal another student's dirtbike. Unfortunately for the boys they were caught by the property owner and were swiftly arrested. After getting the news uncle Jim stomped up to my room and told me that he had to go pick Ricky up from the local policed department. He also added that we had some business to take care of tomorrow.



The next morning uncle Jim drove my brother Ricky to school and when he returned, at roughly 9am, he came into my room to wake me up. "Wake up" he exclaimed "We've got some business to take care of in the garage, lets go". I sat up in bed and since I was wearing nothing but a pair of boxer shorts I said "OK let me get dressed."&nbsp; "You don't need to get dressed" he yelled "Now lets go right now!"&nbsp; I knew he meant business so I jumped out of bed and started going. As I drew nearer and nearer to the door I realized that I was going to have to walk across our front yard completely barefoot and wearing nothing but boxer shorts just to get to the unattached garage. I turned around to protest, but I decided not to when I saw the look on my uncle's face. We went outside and I walked quickly to the garage before any of the neighbors could see how I was dressed, or lack thereof.



When entering the garage I was suprised to see that Jim had cleared mostly everthing out from the center of the room. Before it was a cluttered mess, but now all that stood in the middle was a wooden saw horse. I wasn't sure what to make of all of this so I just stood there quietly. Jim came in right behind me and told me that it was time for my punishment. He said "This is going to be very unpleasant for both of us, but it needs to be done. Maybe next time you'll learn to do as I tell you" He then directed me to step over to the saw horse and lean over it. I was really freaked out. Why the hell would he want me to lean over it? When I questioned his motiveshe yelled "Just do it! Trust me you don't want to make things any worse than they already are"&nbsp; I was now extremely confused and I reluctantly bent over like he said. After bending over the saw horse Jim took my left hand and slipped it through a piece of rope that was tied to the leg of the saw horse. He then cinched it down and went to my right wrist where he did the same. I was completely unable to untie myself and got extremely nervous. Thoughts started running through my mind of what evil things he could have planned. I didn't know what to think. A few seconds later my uncle walk around behind me and before I knew it he had pulled my boxers down to my ankles. I gasped! "What are you doing?" I asked. He replied "Just step out of your underwear and keep your mouth shut. Its not like you have something I haven't seen before." I started to sweat profusely and my body started to quiver. I really felt like crying at this point but I knew Jim wouldn't take too kindly to that. I slowly stepped out of my underwear and realized I was new completely naked. He could see everything I had spent years trying to hide. It was extremely embarrassing and he wasn't done yet. He firmly told me to slide my left leg over to the left saw horse leg. He proceeded to tie it tightly in place with a thin piece of rope which he tied around my ankle multiple times to keep me completey bound. Then he went over to the right and did the same, but this time I noticed thing. My most private parts were now extremely vulnerable and my anus was now on display for all to see. I can't even begin to explain the humiliation I had felt. It was overwhelming. I could literally feel the blood rushing to my face in embarrasment and the position I was in didn't help relieve that.



So there I was completely bound bent over a wooden saw horse. Not only was I humiliated being put in this position but I was at my uncle Jim's mercy. If he decided to hurt me in any way there wasn't a thing I could do but bare it and it wasn't long before I knew what he had in mind. After tightly tying me up my uncle then took off his thick black leather belt and started walking in circles around me. While he was circling he started lecturing me about how disappointed he was, and that how he expected more from me. At some point when he was behind me I felt this sudden sharp CRACK! He had hit me mercilessly on my buttocks with the belt. Trying to keep it all in I only let out a faint "ugh!"&nbsp; Now he stood behind me not only to humiliate me but to make me suffer. He said "Here's the deal. You're going to count each time I hit you until we get to thirty. BUT if you miss just one number we will start all over again"&nbsp; CRACK!!! The pain shot through me and I yelled "one" CRACK! "two" CRACK! "ttttthreeee" CRACK! "four" CRACK! "five" By this time the pain started to get intense. My body started to glisten with sweat. CRACK! "six" CRACK! "seven" I wimpered. CRACK! "eight" CRACK! "n..n..nine" CRACK! "ugh, ten" At was at this point that my legs started to tremble and get weak. It was by far the most pain I'd ever felt. CRACK! "eleven" CRACK! "twelve" CRACK! "thirteen" My legs finally gave out and all my weight was pushed down on the saw horse. I could literally hear it moan as my weight pressed down on it. CRACK!.....CRACK!.....CRACK! "uh, um, fourteen" I wimpered. "Sorry bud" my uncle said "you messed up, start from one" It felt like the world was crumbling around me. I couldn't even think of the possibility that I'd have to go through those fourteen hits again. CRACK!......CRACK!.....CRACK! "Do you want to do this all day?" asked Jim "I suggest you start counting" CRACK! "one" I muttered through my sobing. CRACK! "two" I wimpered again. It went on that way until we got back up to fourteen again, and then all of the way to thirty.



By the time it ended I was nothing but a sweaty lump draped over that saw horse. I was so worn out that I couldn't use my legs to take any weigh off my abdomen. My entire body was shiny and slippery from all the sweat that had collected on it, and my face had tears all over it from the sobbing I had done during the later part of the punishment.



At this point I assumed it was all over. To be honest I was so worn out I don't think I really even cared anymore. However Jim had something else in mind. He started yelling at me for making him do that. He then said that I owed him and have to pay him back. How did he want me to pay him back you ask? Well he made that clear, he told me to ask him to fuck me. I was stunned. He just beat the piss out of me and now I have to beg him to rape me? I wouldn't do it. "I don't want to" I said with all the energy I could muster. He said "OK well how about we have another spanking session? How about I spank you another thirty times? No better yet lets make it fifty, no maybe a hundred" I didn't know what to do. The thought of taking another beating was like looking at the end of the world for me at that point. I was being forced into it. I lightly shook my head yes and that was all he needed. Jim walked around behind me again, dropped his pants, and went to town. At first it was very uncomfortable but in reality it was nothing as bad as the spanking I had just gotten. Honestly it made me feel like I had to go to the bath room really badly the entire time. While he was raping me he said "Listen up boy! From this point on you're going to meet me in this garage every monday at 9am sharp for your weekly punishment. If you say anything to anyone about this I'll make sure you and your brother are split up and go to different foster homes never to see each other again. Then I'll tell everyone how you asked to have gay sex with me"&nbsp; It was horrible. I was now in the realization that no matter how good I was my uncle Jim planned to strap and fuck me every week and there was nothing I could do about it.



He did keep his promise. Once a week for the next two years he fucked me. Sometimes he completely skipped the beating and went right for my ass. Other times he beat me into submission and forced me to beg for him to rape me and rape me hard. When I say he beat me into submission I mean it. He would beat me so hard that I would get to the point that I was literally willing to beg and plead for him to fuck me in the ass. He loved it. Sometimes he would just keep beating me so I'd have to keep begging and begging. It was more humiliating that words could express. Other timess when he wasn't in the mood to go through all of the tying up and stuff he'd "allow" me to suck his dick instead. I think the worst it got was when it was really cold in the winter and I was forced to stay shivering and tied up in that unheated garage while he had his way with me. 



Now here's the weirdest thing of all. When I was 18 I moved out and took Ricky with me. I was extremely glad to get away from my uncle but there are times I actually miss it all. Deep down inside there was definitely a part of me that loved it all. Sometimes when I masterbate I actually fantasize about going back to Jim's house and asking for another hard strapping. 



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Matt Higgins


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





