BDSM Library - Ridden by Joanna




Ridden by Joanna
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A guy is seduced into a ponyplay game with his girlfriend, her mother and sister.








RIDDEN BY JOANNA



PART 1 - RIDING AND SEX



My ex-girlfriend, Joanna, was a professional rider. Horseback riding, pony training, even horse 

breaking at times were the pleasures she enjoyed much. For a girl born in Montana, having a 

huge horse farm, that was somewhat natural. Her mother, as well as her younger sister, Ann, 

were successful equestriennes too. Myself, as a guy born in a huge city, passion for horses was 

a completely strange feeling. I had no talent for riding and I hated doing things for which I 

didn't have enough skill and courage! A typical city asshole - that's what I was and what I am 

now!



Althouth I refused to take part in their equestrian activities, I loved watching them. In the 

beginning I was just admiring them - nothing more. But soon, my attitude changed a lot, as 

soon as I was starting to ask myself what made those strong horses to run so fast and behave 

obediant under gentle ladies; gentle, but apparently having much power over those beasts! I 

used to spend hours, watching them riding and trying to find the secret of their power. Is it a 

riding crop, tapping mount's back? Or a huge cruel whip - Joanna's favorite riding toy? 

Possibly ... I can still remember that sound of her whip on the mount - terrifying, but somewhat 

sexy at the same time. On the other hand, they used to ride without crops and whips at times, 

but the horses were equally obediant. Their spurs? Hmmm ... small devices and their legs 

cannot be so powerful, I thought.



And then, one day, looking at Joanna training a horse, I started to feel strange! She looked 

really amazing that day. Gazing at her perfect legs, enclosed in her new ebony-color riding 

pants and black riding boots with shiny steel spurs, sitting on a huge horse - I started to get 

more and more horny! Strange thoughts I started to have - I imagined what could happen if she 

rode me instead of that horse. Would she squeeze me with her sexy thighs, with the same 

power she applied on that beast ... touch me with her sexy riding boots? I was dreaming of her 

whip, sliding down my naked body. My cock was so hard down there ... and she could see it. 

She dismounted the horse slowly, came to me and kissed me passionately. Her mouth was 

eating mine, while her tongue touched the tip of my tongue. She then shoved her tongue deeper 

and started to rub my already hard cock. "Let's have fun here," she suggested, looking deeply in 

my eyes. "But honey, this is a stable, someone could get in ...". "Who cares," she interrupted 

me, "besides, I'm so hot of that horse and I need your body now!", she said with passion! With 

that, she pushed me to sit to a heap of hay. What energy that girl had! She stood between my 

legs and started to unbotton her blouse ... revealing her hard breasts. I couldn't resist any more. 

I started to dive my head between her breasts, licking her there hard. I slided my tongue from 

her belly to her breasts ... while she took my head with her hand, guiding my mouth to her 

nipple. Taking her breast in my mouth I've forgotten where I was. I was eating her breast, 

while my tongue was touching the tip of her nipple. She started to moan loudly and I could feel 

her body beginning to tremble. Very soon, she pulled my head to her other breast and started to 

move her body ... fucking my face with her breast! While I was trying to catch my breath, she 

was pulling my head, making me take more and more of her breast ... screaming hard!



Soon, she started to guide my head to her belly. I licked and enjoyed every part of her skin, like 

I enjoyed her body first time we had sex. She straddled my hips and stood above me. Her lower 

belly was in front of my face. Holding her thighs with my strong hands, I could feel how tight 

they were, but elastic at the same time. I could feel her heat even through her jodhpurs. I slided 

my hand down her legs while my tongue touched her belly. I undid her zipper with my teeth 

and touched her pussy with my tongue through her panties. That made her moan even louder. 

My hands touched the upper borders of her boots, which made me even hotter! "Lay down, 

honey," she said and pushed me to my back. I fell behind the heap of hay I was sitting on. "Lay 

down, you nasty boy," she said to me and pressed me to the floor with her boot. Mmmmmm ... 

it feels so heavily, but so nice! Having her sole on my chest, she undid her riding pants ... 

slowly. "Oh, dear, I have to get rid of those boots ... honey, would you help me?", she asked me 

looking at me lovingly. "Sure," I said. She removed her boot from my chest and looked down at 

me, smiling. "Then get up and help me, silly!". With that, she kicked my ribs with the toe of her 

boot gently. I pulled her boots off and pealed her riding pants off her legs. Soon, we were on 

the floor, lying together. She climbed on top of me. I was almost close to orgasm, when I felt 

her thighs hugging my body. They were so hot! She begun to ride my cock ... moving up and 

down ... slowly.



"Oooooh ... Mmmmmmmm ... honey, I love this ...". She started to move on my cock faster and 

faster ... while I was playing with her tits. I pinched her nipple, squeezing her tits with my 

strong hands. She started to moan louder and louder. Looking at her wild body, shined by the 

sunset light, made me even more wild. She placed both hands on my shoulders. "Oh, I love this 

... I love you, honey ... Fuck me, pleaaase! I'm so close ...". I started to move my butt upside 

down. "Faster, harder, honey, please ...", she yelled while I tried to do my best with my cock. 

"Faster, you son of a bitch!", she yelled and kicked me hard with her naked feet. "Shit, if I only 

had those spurs on me ... Ohhhhh ... that's much better honey, Ohhhhhhh ... 

Mmmmmmmmmmmmm ... Oh, I'm gonna cum ...". I pushed two fingers in her ass ... Her 

body began to tremble ... "Ride me, babe, please !!!" She had a powerful orgasm ... her pussy 

squeezing my cock, her arms pulling my head and hugging me. She then continued to move on 

my cock, which made her orgasm longer. I was damn close now and she knew that. Riding me 

like a wild stud, she suddenly stopped, squeezed my body with her thighs and gave me a kiss 

... that wonderful kiss she only could provide! I couldn't stand any more ... I came as her tongue 

penetrated my mouth! I came all over her naked thighs, pussy and belly ... Her body was full of 

my cum. Tasting my cum with her finger she smiled evily and stood up. "We have to go to 

dinner, honey ...".



I ate hardly ... I was only thinking of two things - my gf on the horse and sex with her after 

dinner. I started thinking of sex and riding. We had sex almost all night. Though both of us had 

one orgasm after another, I felt I was missing something. Yes, she rode my cock with the same 

strength she used on the horse, but something spurred me to drive ourselves to the climax again 

and again ... Is that her clothes? Her whip? Her smile? Her power over the strong horse?



PART 2 - DUTIES, DUTIES ...



I don't remember when we felt asleep ... we awoke somewhere near noon. "Come on, get up 

honey ...". I opened my eyes and started to get horny again: she was completely dressed and 

prepared for riding. Where, the heck, that girl drains her energy from?! She placed a foot on a 

chair and put the spurs on the boot ... little prod-like spurs that shined on the sunlight, coming 

through the room window. I was very hard, when her sister knocked. I covered myself with a 

sheet and she came in ... unlike her elder sister, she preferred more casual riding outfit: tight 

jeans, cowboy boots and - of course - spurs with huge rowels! Joanna was angry:



- Ann, I told you a lot of times not to use those spurs on broken horses, they can really hurt the 

horse!

- Stop acting like my mother, I'm 18, I know what I'm doing!

- Ann, don't make me use my whip! Take those spurs off now!



Ann took the spurs off and threw them off towards me ... almost hitting me in the head. "Ann, 

you bastard, you could kill him!". The little girl stepped out of the room, continuing to argue ... 

"Ah, that girl ... ", Joanna said and gave me a kiss. Then, with a loving look in her eyes, she 

whispered gently:



- Honey, don't forget your duty today ... it's Sunday!

- Yeah, I know ... I'll do it.

- This time, honey, you better do it! We need a strong male hand here to help us! Should I 

remind you to your duties?

- Not necessary ... I know already ... fix the fence ... check what's wrong with the car and wash 

it, clean the stable ...

- You knew that last time, but you forgot ... our stable is disgusting, our fence is broken, we 

cannot start the car.

- I know, please forgive me, honey, I'll do it this time.

- Look, I've made a task list for you. You better do everything from the list, or you'll be 

punished seriously!

- OK ...

- I'm serious this time ... you can't imagine what you'll get!

- OK, deal, I'll clean up everything.



She gave me a passionate kiss. She took her favorite whip from the chair and suddenly hit me 

with it ... "Better get up and start working, you lazy bastard! Now!". "Aaah, OK, I'm up ...".

She looked at me laying on the bed and hit me twice again, harder than previous time. Wow! 

She was really skilled with that whip!

My body was burning, while she was leaving the room. "This is only a warning, honey ... your 

punishment will be harder if you fail again!".



She left ... I felt hard pain on my skin, where her whip hit me, but - surprisingly - a substantial 

pleasure at the same time! I started to stroke my cock. I was thinking about her clothes and, at 

times, about her whip. Thoughts about her whip made me suddenly very close. I came in few 

minutes. Mmmmm ... I felt so strange ... I felt like something plumbed the hole in my mind ... 

like something provided me a missing part of my sexual desire! Her whip ... so long and cruel 

... providing pain and pleasure to me. I realized there was no real pleasure without pain for me!



I dressed and get out ... taking a task list with me ... starting to perform task by task. I started to 

fix the fence, but I had only her on my mind. Her, dressing in her riding outfit, with boots on 

her feet and whip in her hand. Jerking off near the fence, I was trying again and again to do the 

job and finally postponed it for later. I thought the smell of the stable would prevent me from 

thinking about sex. Apparently I was wrong. Starting to clean up the stable, I got to the place 

where we had sex the previous evening. And I was horny again ... thinking of her body ... her 

powerful thighs riding on my cock ... on the horseback ... again on my cock ... I'm jerking off 

again ...



Getting into the garage, entering the car, trying to start it ... I was thinking of those nights we 

spent together in that car ... in the woods ... near the road ... even on the parking once ... I was 

aroused again, thinking of her sucking me off, her thighs in my hands on either side of my 

body! Tried to wash the car ... but couldn't keep myself from being aroused again. Finally, I 

jerked off again and felt asleep, tired.



PART 3 - THE PUNISHMENT



Sudden noise woke me up. The three women, holding horse briddles in their hands, entered the 

stable, talking and laughing. "Oh no," I heard Joanna's voice, "he didn't clean it up again! I 

don't know what to do with him!". The three women stood above me. 

Even Joanna's mother, in her 40's, looked really great in her riding outfit: white riding pants 

and black English riding boots with red tops. What a nice and sexy contrast! I heard her soft 

voice, saying "Jo, he failed to do his job again! I know you love him, honey, but we have to 

teach him a lesson. He deserved it long time ago ...". With that, she stepped with her foot on 

my chest. "You little bastard! You'll beg for mercy! Now, wait for us here and don't you dare 

moving around! We'll be back!". She gave me such a strong kick in the ribs that I jumped a 

couple of feet away. The three women left the stable.



Very soon I saw Joanna entering the stable again. As she approached me, my mouth became 

wider and wider open: she had no clothes on her, except one thing that made me hard as a rock 

again: she had her riding boots on her naked legs! Yes, that knee-high, flat-soled shiny boots 

that I could now see in more detailed look ... since she placed them near my head! "We're 

gonna have some fun there, honey ...". The color of her thighs contrasted very sexy to the shiny 

color of the boots. She took a whip from her bag of toys and hit me hard. "Kneel in front of your 

Mistress, NOW!". Mistress? Strange ... I had never called her like that before. Before I could 

make my mind, she hit me again. "On your knees, slave!". Slave? I thought slavery was past 

behins us. But I couldn't think any more. I knelt down ... looking into her eyes. "You didn't do 

your job and you'll be punished, slave! Understood?". I looked up and nodded. *SMACK* 

*SMACK* *SMACK* ... she started to hit me "Yes, what bustard? You'll call me Mistress, 

you got it?". "Yes Mistress", I said. "That's better. Now, begin licking my filthy boots ... I don't 

like to ride with such boots!".



I placed my tongue on the leather surface of her boots ... could almost see my face in them - 

they were so shiny ... but with lot of mud near the soles. I started to lick, spitting the mud ... 

*SMACK* ... the sound of a whip almost breaking the skin of my back and, half a second after 

that - hard pain all over my body! "Do your job better this time!". I started to lick the boot 

slowly, but systematically ... leaving no mud or dust traces. I felt the tip of her boot pressing my 

mouth while I was trying to lick it clean. I could feel every detail of her boots, even better than 

the bootmaker could feel with his hands when he made them. Licking the upper surface of her 

boot, however, I could feel her warm foot ... even through the hard leather I could feel it heath. 

Or it was just my illusion.



Nearly when I wondered whether to clean the soles too or not, she commanded me to get to the 

other one, which I licked with same care. I felt more relaxed, since her soles where really dirty. 

I was polishing the boot ... licking up her enclosed calf. She closed her eyes and moaned 

slowly. I felt that leather under my tongue ... I was completely helpless, thinking of what would 

come next. "Lay on your back!", she commanded me. I looked her up in her eyes and prepared 

to assume the new position. She helped me with a strong kick. Wow ... this girl could kill 

someone with those boots! She placed her boot right on my chest and grinned.

She wiped the muddy soles on my t-shirt, leaving a thin film of mud on them. And then - with 

a sudden move - she placed the sole right to my face. "Clean it!" she commanded me, pressing 

the sole so hard, I thought she would break my nose! I started to lick, soon feeling the 

bootmaker's sign on the sole under my tongue! She moved her sole up and down my mouth 

and, after a while, inspected it. Satisfied, she repeated the whole procedure with the other boot. 

"Good slave", she told me. I thought that would end my punishment.



I was - as always with her - wrong! She's such an unpredictable person! She gave me a strong 

kick in the ribs. "Get on all 4s ... NOW!". I climbed on all 4s ... looking at her. She woke to her 

bag of toys and got few things from it. She brought it to me. "There you are, you bastard ... I'm 

gonna punish you hard for your duty avoidance!". With that, she placed something on my head 

... which reminded me to the briddle and bit. And the briddle and bit they were. Joann put them 

on my head, fastening the reins skillfully. "And to punish you, I'll make you become one of our 

horses ... You'll be our horse slave now ... We'll treat you like a horse. First you'll feel how we 

break wild horses here! Then, you'll be trained to be obediant. After that, you might be ridden 

gently. Understood?". Our horse? What did she mean by that? Anyway, her picture on a horse 

got back into my mind and I suddenly got harder and very horny! Mmmmm ... Joanna will ride 

me! Wow! *SMACK* - she whipped my back hard with a whip again and yelled 

"Understood?" again with more anger. "Yes, Mistress!".



Suddenly, a smile on her face appeared. "Ah, here they are", she said softly. Looking back, as 

much as I could see from my position, her mother and her sister came into the stable. 

Surprisingly, they were also totally naked, with the exception of riding boots. Joanna's Mom 

was wearing tan leather cowboy boots. Ann was wearing a pair of English riding boots, similar 

to the boots her sister had. "Well, slave", Joann said, "be polite and greet your Mistresses. 

Show some respect!". Just when I wanted to say Hi, Joann placed her boot on my neck and 

pushed it down to the floor. "Kiss their boots, stupid horse!". I kissed both her Mom's then her 

sister's boots, feeling like my whole mouth is made of leather! "He deserves to be treated 

hard!", Mom said. "Indeed, Mom", Joanna sighed, "he needs a good training to become a proud 

member of our famous stable! I was thinking of breaking him first, but you know that I'm not 

an expert for that! You've always been better in horse-breaking, Mom!". Joanna's Mom started 

to walk around me, inspecting me carefully. Her cowboy boots matched her long legs so great. 

I'd never looked her legs like a sexual object before. Now, I realized her Mom is still looking 

good, despite of her age. "Piece of cake", her Mom said, "but I'd need the appropriate spurs for 

that job! Please, hand me our family spurs, honey! I'll need a chair too, to place them on ... 

though, I might not need a chair". With that, I felt her boot on my back. She fastened the spurs 

to her boots quickly and started to walk around me. I could hear her spurs jingling. As she 

passed by my face, I could also see how sharp her spurs were! In front of me, there was a pair 

of the most cruel Mexican spurs I had ever seen before! The straps were covered with little 

metal hearth-shaped buttons. My eyes became large of a sudden fear.



Finally she stopped by me ... touching my back with her soft hand. "This will be a good 

mount", she said and tapped my back before she swung her leg over my body and sit on it. I 

could feel all her weight on my back. I enjoyed her thighs ... not so tight and soft as Joanna's, 

but still arousing! "Giddy up!", her voice commanded. I tried to move my right hand, but felt 

my body would, along with her, fall on the floor. She kicked my thigh hard with her spur, 

which made it moving promptly ... and correct my equilibrium. Wow! She knew what she was 

doing, though I felt hard pain on the place she applied the spur. She repeated that with her 

other leg. I didn't know where I found the strength, but I was moving! I got one kick after 

another. Maybe there's a logical explanation of the source of horse power? She found a suitable 

place to spur me - my sides! I was moving faster and faster ... as she held both spurs deep in 

my skin. She bounced on my back so hard, I could feel she would break my spine! She gave me 

a couple of hard kicks with her Mexican spurs. To be worse, she was very precise ... kicking 

always the same point. Suddenly, she kicked me so hard, that my skin broke and blood started 

to flow. She didn't look surprised with the blood. Rather, she was encouraged and started to 

give me one kick after another, always in the same place! "Mom, don't hurt him ... we need him 

alive!", Joanna worried. "Don't worry, honey ... I know what I'm doing! Spurs are the only way 

to break a beast like that! A bastard with no sense for responsibility! But I'm feeling a bit tired 

now ... Ann, honey, come here and show what I was teaching you for years! Stop now, 

horsey!". She pulled my reins to stop me.



Looking at my gf's sister Ann, I felt a releif after this spur torture. Ann, however, didn't share 

my oppinnion. Looking deep in the bag, she found her cruel spurs. With smaller wheels, they 

looked less cruel than her Mother's "Jo, I know you'll be angry, but may I please use them now, 

on him?". Joanna looked at her sister, then on me and finally made her decision. "You can do 

whatever you want to him! I need him broken well to be able to train him!". Their mother 

helped her with the spurs. "There you are, honey, you're ready to ride! Be careful - they are very 

sharp!". I heard that jingling sound again ... but different this time! I was gazing at the spurs. 

"There you are", Ann said with her voice, "you always kick my ass out of your room, don't 

you?". There stood that girl, looking directly into my eyes. She stood on my hands with both her 

boots. "Answer me!", she repeated. "Yes, Mistress!", I finally find the strength to say! Looking 

into her bag of toys, she took a riding crop. Like her mother, she examined my body in detail. 

She was looking at the wounds her Mom made with her Mexican spurs. "I see that Mom gave 

you already the first lesson? Good, I'll give the the second! I'll train you to be my two-legged 

horsey. On your knees! Hands up!". She kicked my chin with the tip of her boot to adjust my 

position to her needs. She pushed my head with her both hands and placed it between her legs. 

I held her thighs tightly and got up easily. She was on my shoulders now ... her spurred feet 

near on the sides ribcage! She didn't mean to have mercy on me. She kicked me hard with her 

spurs. I felt very hard pain ... Her spurs were so sharp, I started to yell loudly! "Move!", she 

said with her angry voice and I started to crawl again. "Faster!", she said and kicked me again, 

and hit me with her ridign crop. I started to move faster ... as fast as I could.



Rubbing her pussy on my back, Ann started to be wet. She started to moan loudly as I moved. 

*KICK* *KICK* *KICK* ... Aaaaaaaah, my voice could not be heard by anyone in the 

neighborhood. Because, there was no neighborhood at all! The ranch was lonely in the wide 

area and I was on the mercy of a 18-year old girl. Noticing my blood-covered thigh, Joann 

came again: "Ann, don't kill him! I want him too ... look, you made three wounds on his ribs!".

"You're right, Jo", Ann sighed, "I won't make any new wounds, promise! I'll use the old ones 

instead!". With that, she found a wounds she already made with her spurs and dug both spurs 

in! I almost lost my voice! I could see stars! Unlike her mother, she didn't kick me ... She used 

to dig the spurs deep into the flesh and torture me. I lost my voice ... and staid quiet. Finally, 

she moved the spurs away from my body and pulled the reins to make me stop. She dismounted 

me and layed on the floor, tired.



Joanna reached me. "Finally, you're mine, slave!", she said with victory, "but, unlike my Mom 

and sis, I'm not angry with you so much ... honey, you know what I love you, but you deserved 

the punishment, you know". She walked to the bag and took a piece of sugar. "Take it, honey ... 

you'll feel better". I ate the sugar cube hungrilly, realizing why the horses like the sugar so 

much. I looked up at her, begging for more, but she ignored that. "I'll train you now. But - 

unlike breaking, training must be done with love!". She walked to the bag. Luckily for me, she 

picked up a prod-like pair of spurs, suitable for English-style equestrian training. She found a 

little stool and placed her leg on it. "Come here now, pet!". I crawled to her, looking at her boot. 

She handed me the spurs. "You'll place them on my boots!". I took the spur, placing it around 

her boot ... fastening it. She smiled and gave to me her other leg. When I was done, she 

checked both spurs once again and smiled. "You like my spurs, honey?", she asked. "Yes, 

Mistress!", I answered weakly. "Then, come here and kiss them, silly!". I kissed the cold metal 

surface of the spur ... "Yes, honey, warm it up with your mouth. The more you warm it, the 

nicer the feeling you'll have when I kick you".



Joanna had me on all 4s again and mounted me with ease. Finally, I was between her legs! I 

was her mount! My wildest dream came true! Furthermore, she was much wet! She kicked me 

gently and I started to move. I felt her pussy rubbing my naked, muscular back ... getting wetter 

and wetter on me. Joanna was moaning loudly. "Faster, honey!", she said gently. I tried to 

move faster, but I was very tired. As expected, she kicked me. Her kick was not so cruel as her 

Mom's and sister's, but enough powerful to make me move. Not so powerful because of pain - 

rather because of pleasure they made. She kicked me, but she did it with love. And that love 

could be felt well. I started to move really fast. Joanna's legs, which I kissed and caressed so 

many times kicked me hard, making me move according to her will. Faster ... slower ... right ... 

left. And I moved as she wanted ... obediantly. Her Mom and sister looked at the two of, 

completely satisfied with their job.



EPILOGUE - THE REWARD



Joanna and me stayed alone in the stable to the dawn. Nearly after her mother and sister left, 

Joanna dismounted me kicked me in the ribs to make me fall on my back and sat on my face. 

She made me lick her until she came in my mouth. Of course, she got immediately on my cock 

and fucked me until we both came again. As always, she was ready for a new ride again and 

again ... riding me on my back, shoulders, face, cock ... She was riding me again and again like 

a cowgirl ... She helped me with my duties in the morning ... both of us being satisfied.



From that time, we used to practice this kind of game frequently ... at least once a week. No 

matter whether she wore her rode me in her old sneakers or professional riding boots, whether 

or not she had a pair of spurs or a whip - she could make me move with ease. Whenever she 

wanted it and wherever she wished me to go. I wanted to move ... because we loved each other. 

My love for her was something that goaded me forward!





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Passenger


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





