BDSM Library - Foot Clerks Down Fall




Foot Clerks Down Fall
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A devoted husband unwitteningly becomes his wife's toy of torture while she enjoys a new life with her boyfriend.






&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; FOOT CLERK'S DOWN FALL



I was an unfortunate, 26 year old, clerk in a large footwear firm,

earning a meager salary for arduous work. My sanity was only

maintained as I had a ravishing beauty of a wife, Sandra, who was 21

and already a secretary to, Jason, a director of the same company.

Sandra had long elegant legs with a curvaceous body which she liked

to show off by wearing skimpy figure hugging tops and short

miniskirts. She always wore 6" stilletoed shoes with self supporting

stockings and skimpy black nylon panties. Whenever she bent over her

beautiful cheeks were just visible through her tight transparent

black panties and while she walked she often gave a tantalizing

glimpse of her stocking tops. Her makeup was always immaculate with

ruby red lips, blue eyes and rouged cheeks highlighting her dominant

nature. All the men in the firm couldn't keep their eyes off of her

and were constantly making passes at her. 



I worked in the complaints department and usually spent many hours

each day discussing problems with women who had unreasonable

complaints about their footwear. My boss, Stella, was an attractive

but austere women in her mid thirties who had inherited her position

through her father who was chairman of the company. I resented&nbsp; her

position because I should have had her job and she had idea how to

run a business. She knew how I felt and took devilish delight in

humiliating me at every opportunity open to her. On many occasions

women had brought in their very worn shoes complaining that they had

not lasted long enough but Stella would force me to humble myself to

the customer meeting her every request no matter how unreasonable.

After the satisfied customer departed with a gleeful step wearing a

new pair of shoes Stella would turn slap my face and then present me

with the smelly discarded shoes. She would then calmly say, 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "How often do I have to tell you that the customer is always

right. Even if the sole is worn through, the heel worn flat and the

uppers badly scuffed they should be replaced if the mistress

considers they should have lasted longer. It is your job to ensure

all of our female customers are happy and want to shop with us for

ever."

 She would then turn to leave me to contemplate why the shoes had not

lasted longer. However, just before leaving she turned and said with

a smirk on her face "Oh, yes, I think it's best the cost for the new

shoes comes from your salary don't you?"

I was dumfounded and remained silent. "Well! I'm waiting for your

answer. There are plenty more that would take your job if you'd

prefer."

I had not choice but to reply "Of course, Stella, I should pay for

the fault with these shoes. After all they should last longer than 2

years of daily use by a police woman on the beat."

"Ok, if you insist,"&nbsp; she replied, and then casually hummed to

herself as she returned to her office glowing with her triumph over

me yet again. This was a fairly typical day and as a result my desk

was stacked high with tatty, rejected and smelly shoes that I was

forced to examine in minute detail to see how improvements could be

made. I was lucky to get any money by the end of the week and all the

time I was working I had to inhale the odious aroma emanating for the

various items of soiled footwear strewn round my office.



When I got home in the evening I would confide in my problems with my

wife and ask her if she could raise the matter with Jason. She would

show condescending concern and humor me saying of course she would

but that I was lucky to be employed. She had a very dominant

personality and liked me to show a her lot of attention, especially

to her feet. I always found this difficult as her feet tended to

smell and she always took delight it telling me how Jason had

complained when she kicked her shoes off for some fresh air in the

office. Often, after a hard day at work, she would relax in the

evening with her black, nylon covered feet resting on my lap pressing

down on my manhood as she watched television. The sight of her long

legs and the glimpse of the damp nylon panties stretched over her

mound would cause me frustrated excitement as I was only allowed sex

when she wanted it which was on less and less frequent occasions. She

would then nonchalantly nudge me with her toes so that I would

delicately caress her sweaty feet. As I clasped her smelly feet she

would take delight in telling me how she had had advances to her

during the day and make comments like, 

" Peter, from sales promised to give me a good time again today" and

"I wonder if John really has the stamina to screw me from 9 till 5.

Perhaps I'll find out some day." I would be filled with jealousy and

wonder if she ever did what she claimed. I suspect she did because I

had noticed the occasional bruise in odd places which looked to me

more like love bites.



As the evening wore on she would cross her legs with one leg over the

knee of the other so that her perfumed foot was inches from my nose

and the full weight of her legs supported on my under-used tool. I

could then clearly see her perfect thighs and beautiful mound through

their fine veil of nylon and my frustration heightened. When my

favorite programmes came on she would idly bounce her foot up and

down obscuring my view of the TV wafting her perfume toward my nose.

Occasionally she would wipe her foot on my nose complaining she had

an itch. If I dared move, or complain, she would jab me hard with her

heel and say, "Darling, stop fidgeting, don't you love me any more?"

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Of course my dear, but I am suffocating a little in your divine

essence" I would reply.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Oops, sorry, I was concentrating on the film" she would reply

bouncing up and down with her barely suppressed laughter. She would

then pull her foot way about half an inch only to allow it to return

minutes later. Finally she would get up and peel her stockings off

and then give them to me saying, "That's it, I'm going to bed. Rinse

these through and hurry up to me for your treat." I was then left

washing her stinking nylons as she reclined between the silk sheets

upstairs. 



When I got upstairs she would be naked, playing with herself, and

say, "I can't wait for it slave I think I'm going to explode."

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "So am I" would be my whole hearted reply.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Massage me, all over, gently and finish off with your tounge,"

she commanded. Dutifully I would set about my task gently caressing

her neck, firm breasts, thighs, calves and feet. I used my hands

first and then my tounge. This was heaven for me until I had to lick

her feet when I would nearly choke. However, through experience I

knew I could not miss her feet. Then I would nuzzle in her mount of

joy and thrust my tounge about causing her to tremble with

excitement. She would then clamp her legs round my neck pull my hair

and force my nose into her mound till I nearly suffocated. My neck

was almost broken when she jerked with a fierce orgasm. I would then

feel the silken sheet being pulled up over our entwined bodies as she

whispered, "a little rest and then your long awaited relief".

&nbsp; I continued to massage her in my dark, hot and fetid tent as I felt

her relaxing. Shortly I heard the unmistakable hiss from between her

buttocks and my nostrils were assailed by her innermost perfume.

Tears of humiliated frustration would dribble down my cheeks as I

heard her gently snoring above me. 



The next morning she awoke took her legs from round my neck and

casually said, "You poor thing, why didn't you wake me?" She then

impishly pinched my cheeks, smiled at me and added, "did you feel too

tired? You should have told me and I would have let you rest. Perhaps

tonight you will have more stamina, like Roger." As she climbed out

of bed I thought I couldn't sink any lower and wondered what the day

had in store for me at work.





As usual, Stella would relax in her large air conditioned office idly

gossiping to her friends on the phone, or entertaining them to

coffee, for most of the day. In contrast I would have to do most of

her work as well as a long list of tedious jobs of my own to make

sure I had no rest. To make matters worse my office was a small,

stuffy office separated from hers by a glass panel, with the only

exit through her office. There were no windows in my office and the

light switch was in Stella's office. My desk had been arranged so

that my back was to her and I was forbidden to turn round to see her.

This enabled to supervise me at her leisure, without my knowledge,

and she would castigate me severely if she noticed that I was not

working with true devotion. If she had an important visitor she would

lock my office from the outside and then pull a curtain across so

that I couldn't be seen. This was terrible as I did not know how long

I would be left in the dark fetid room. On one occasion I was left

locked in all night. The following day Stella pulled back the curtain

and smirked at my blinking face. "Silly me" she said "I forgot you

were still in there when I left for the restaurant last night. I hope

you weren't too uncomfortable."

&nbsp; "No" I replied knowing that any other answer would have landed me

unjustly in hot water.

&nbsp; "Good", she replied barley stifling her laughter, "In that case you

can make me a coffee and get back to work." My heart sank but as

usual I complied with her demand. What had Sandra thought about last

night I wondered as I sat in my foot smelling office completing the

accounts for Stella. 



When I got home that evening Sandra was in a very distressed state.

"What's the matter?," I asked thinking it was probably due to last

night. "The police are after you." was the surprise answer she gave.

"I intercepted a report for Jason showing that you have been stealing

from the company for years and that you will undoubtedly be locked

away for at least 10 years for your crime"

&nbsp; "It can't be true, they don't have any proof. I haven't done

anything." I said to calm her.

&nbsp; "Oh but they do," she continued, " they have framed you to cover up

a fraud scheme that has been ongoing for years."

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Whose they?" I asked.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Jason and Stella of course. But don't worry I have planned your

escape. I have had a special compartment made under the floor boards

by our bed. You can hide in there until all the fuss is over and it

is safe for you to come out. It is fairly comfortable and I have

these earphones and microphone for us both so that we can talk whilst

you are hiding."

I was in a daze not knowing what to do as I followed her up to the

bedroom to see the hideout. "Look, it has a glass lid near the head

with air holes so that you will be able to see and breath." She then

pointed to a 1/2 inch diameter rubber plug in the middle of the glass

and continued, "that plug can be pushed out by you in an emergency so

that you can call me for help if your microphone stops working." Then

pointing to a nylon cord in the hideout, "If you pull on that it will

pull a carpet over the top so that no one will be able to see you in

an emergency. When you let go again the carpet will automatically

return. So, you see, you will be safe and secure in our secret hiding

place. Now jump in and try it for size."



In a state of numbness I put on the headset and climbed into the

hideaway. It was a tight fit and when in I couldn't move. Sandra

slowly lowered the glass panel and I was soon sealed into my cell

with a magnificent view up her legs and under her skirt. "Can you

hear me" she whispered and to my amazement I could hear her very

clearly. "Yes, very well Sandra. Now, let me out and I can get back

in again later if it is really necessary." I replied in a semi

claustrophobic panic. She smiled at me and said, "but of course it's

necessary. You like me to enjoy myself don't you?"

&nbsp; "What do you mean?" I said but before she could reply the door bell

rang and she turned to go and answer the door.

&nbsp; "Don't leave me here" I pleaded as I watched her nylon covered

buttocks leave the room. "Ooh, this will be better than I thought"

she said excitedly with her voice full of glee. It was surprising how

good my headset was. I could even hear her nylon covered thighs

rubbing past each other as she went downstairs. I heard her open the

door and say "Hello". My mind started buzzing, and my heart beating

hard in my ears, when I heard the visitor reply "Hello, madam, is

your husband in?" was a woman's vaguely familiar voice.

&nbsp; "Er.., no.., he isn't. He's gone down the pub for a drink with his

mates"

&nbsp; "Don't mind if I come in to make sure, do you".

&nbsp; "Of course not. Come in, I've just made some tea."

&nbsp; "That would be nice, I've been on my feet all day in these new

shoes." That's it! I thought, as my heart missed a beat, that is the

woman with the old smelly shoes of the other day. She must have been

checking up on me. I began to get scared. Sandra was right.

&nbsp; "Why don't you look around while I pour us a cuppa" Sandra casually

said.

&nbsp; "Ok. I'll start upstairs, if you don't mind."

What could I do I thought then I heard my wife quietly say "Quick,

pull the carpet across" to me. The woman was near the top of the

stairs and I pulled the cord with all my might. SNAP. To my horror

all that happened was some tight clamps snapped around my wrist and

ankles. I could then hear my wife's laughter as the policewoman

entered our bedroom. She was grinning from ear to ear as she looked

down at me and said, "Hello, hello, hello, what have we here? A

sunken foot bath I do believe."

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Help. Go away, I haven't done anything. Please leave me alone" I

shouted at her.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Now, now, slave" my wife said as she brought the tea upstairs,

"show the woman some respect." She brought the tea in as the police

woman lifted the glass panel, kicked her shoes off with and air of

indifference and then sighed with relied as she planted her sweaty

feet across my nose. "Aah! That's good" she sighed as she rubbed her

feet all over my face. The smell was terrible and I struggled with no

effect to move my face away. "I hoped you weren't joking last week in

the shop as I sold him my old beat shoes but couldn't believe it when

you rang me this afternoon. I was so excited that I haven't changed

my tights since then, not even when I went to bed." My wife held her

hand over her nose and giggled "you don't need to tell me that, I

might have to open a window soon."

&nbsp; "Having fun down there, husband dear." she sneered down at me. 

It's no good I can't escape I thought. Perhaps if I show willing they

will let me out and we can forget the whole incidence. 

"I can't remember when I had more fun" I replied with difficulty as

the police woman was grinding both of her sweaty soles into my face.

&nbsp; "Good, then perhaps you would like to wash the kind woman's feet

with your tounge", horror overcame me. How could I, I would be sick.

However, I gingerly stuck my tounge out and the woman shivered and

squealed with delight as she dragged her foot across it. It wasn't

long until my tounge was coated with her stale foot sweat. The women

politely chatted and drank their tea above me as I continued to

slobber all over her feet. About half an hour later the policewoman

said, "I've got to get back on the beat now but don't worry I will

forge his suicide details showing he couldn't bear the fraud becoming

public. No-one will suspect anything and you will be free to spend

the money how you please. It's been nice doing businesses with you."

She then rolled her tights down freed them from her feet and said "He

can keep these." She then stuffed the stinking nylon into my mouth

pushing the last of the material between my lips with her dainty

toes.

&nbsp; "You are too generous" Sandra said as she lowered my glass lid back

down. Then looking into my eyes she added "What are you waiting for,

aren't you going to say thank-you?".

 "Gmph, thank you for my tasty present" I struggled to say through my

gag. Peels of laughter greeted my my ears and then the women embraced

themselves above me and kissed voluptuously while I had no choice but

to look up their slender legs to their sexy panties. They turned and

left me once more to my fate. As the woman was leaving my wife said,

"feel free to pop in whenever your feet need a bath, or some slavish

attention. My husband will be only to happy to help you."

&nbsp;&nbsp; "You can count on me, I wouldn't like to disappoint him" came the

reply mixed with mischievous laughter.



I heard the woman leave and then my wife humming to herself as she

went into the lounge to read some magazines. She then idly said "I

never thought you would have chosen this life rather than 10 years in

prison. But then you never can tell can you."

&nbsp; With tears flooding down my cheeks I said "Why do this to me?"

&nbsp; "It gives me pleasure and you enjoy that don't you." was my only

reply. I was then left in silence for what seemed hours broken only

by the occasional sound of the rasping of Sandra's stockings as she

crossed her legs, or the pages of her magazine turning or her self

satisfied chuckles.



Ding dong! The front door rang. Oh no what now I thought. Sandra

casually went to the front door and opened it, "Did he fall for it?"

was a woman's familiar voice.

&nbsp; "Better than we planned" my wife replied. I then heard her escort

her visitor into the lounge. Who could it be. Then a mans voice

boomed "It was worth all of our extra effort last night. Oh boy I've

been waiting to get into both your nickers for so long while he's

present"

&nbsp;&nbsp; "No hurry now. We've got all the time we want. Let's have a drink

first". I then heard the tinkle of ice in a glass followed by pouring

liquid and then a fizz. My mouth was dry after sucking sweaty feet

and I couldn't remove my gag. "Sandra, I'm gasping for a drink,

please show mercy on me. And who have you got down there" I mumbled.

Hoots of laughter were returned for a minute or two then Sandra

replied "Oops! sorry dear I forgot to tell you that your microphone

is fitted into the sterio system down here."

&nbsp; "Bitch" was my only reply, loosing control for a while. 

&nbsp; "Why is he mumbling?" the woman asked. 

&nbsp; "Oh he insisted on sucking Veroinca's tights clean for her." my

wife replied only to receive more laughter

&nbsp; "The perverted wanker deserves all that's coming to him" the man

replied.

&nbsp; "It's not true. It's not true" I shouted to be greeted with peels

of laughter again followed by a chorus of "We know wanker. You don't

like to admit to your fetish but don't worry your secret is safe with

us. We won't spoil your fun by telling anyone"

&nbsp; My wife then said a toast "to the 3 of us and may we have many

years of pleasure". They all slurped loudly and then started to come

up stairs. 



They entered the bedroom and stood around my chamber looking down

while they sipped their drinks. I felt totally doomed, it was Stella

and Jason. Jason seductively stripped first Stella and then Sandra

above me. He turned his nose up as he took their shoes off and then

laughed "What a lucky boy he is having all that nourishment from your

feet" looking longingly into Sandra's eyes. She kissed him gently on

the forehead and pulled him to her breasts. Then the two women pushed

him onto the bed out of my view and turned to look down at me. Stella

lifted the glass panel and Sandra carefully stretched their

discarded, stinking, nylons over my head carefully positioning the

damp, reinforced toe section across my nose. I was struggling to

breath through the foul material as Stella jovially said, "Doesn't he

look cute. It looks like he's grown a moustache."



Finally they dropped their wet panties over my head and stella

lowered the panel once more. They took a last sip of their drinks and

then put the tumblers down just above my eyes. "Look dear, but don't

drink" Stella said as she slid onto the bed and I saw her feet

disappear from view. "Oh, I don't think he will.... Will you my

sweet?" Sandra asked me innocently. "How could I disobey such

beautiful mistresses" was my only reply as I looked pleading up at my

magnificent wife knowing I couldn't drink even if I wanted to. Sandra

then seductively stroked the whole of her body slowly above me and

then without looking down again climbed onto the bed for a passionate

bout of sex that I was forced to listen too. What seemed hours later

they stopped fondling each other and relaxed. Sandra then said, "Ohh

all that excitement has made me need to have a piss."

&nbsp; "Me too" replied Stella.

They both jumped off the bed and left the room without even looking

at me. For a moment I had a beautiful view of their naked bodies and

wobbling boobs. Shortly they returned and quickly jumped back into

bed to snuggle up to Jason. Stella said "Phew, it was cold in the

toilet. We'll have to think of a way to avoid that in the future."

&nbsp; "Come on hug us to warm us up" my wife purred to Jason. 

&nbsp; "My pleasure" he said and I could hear them snuggling up to one

another. Then the light was turned off as they said goodnight to each

other.



I panicked "Hey! what about removing my mask and gag" I pleaded with

my muffled voice. I could then see the bed shake with their combined

laughter. "Crumbs, that was so much fun we forgot about you" Sandra

said. "But Never mind, we're so cummfy up here you wouldn't want to

disturb us would you? We can free you in the morning if that's

alright".

I had had as much as I could take, or so I thought. "Of course it

isn't all right you BITCHES" I shouted. Stella then said, "He's not

very grateful for all we have done for him is he?"

&nbsp;&nbsp; "No he isn't! We'll have to punish him for that tomorrow. That's

the last time we get cold as we pee," Sandra replied. They ignored my

tears as they fell asleep leaving me to my sorrow.



In the morning I was woken by Stella's voice saying, "Yes I can get a

transparent loo which should just fit"

 Then Jason said, "My old snorkel mouthpeice should be the finishing

touch". Then Sandra jumped out of bed and said "do you mind waiting

till tonight for a drink my love? Only after all that sex last night

we've slept in and we're a bit late for work now."

&nbsp; "What ever you wish my dear." I replied hoping to get back on good

terms, "But please can I have my gag removed, I have sucked it clean.

And this mask is making it hard to breath, please take it off"

&nbsp; The three of them laughed as they left the bedroom. "Don't be silly

it's supposed to" Stella's voice echoed in my ears as the door closed

behind them. I had to listen to them eat a hearty breakfast and then

Sandra and Stella returned to the bedroom to get dressed while

standing on my panel. I was mad with frustration as they carefully

rolled fine black stockings up their legs and then struggled to pull

their flimsy nylon panties tightly over their pert buttocks and

fannies. Stella said "Jason was so good in bed I don't know how you

ever put up with his pathetic cock." 

&nbsp; "Neither do I but at least that's all over now," Sandra replied as

she smiled down at me.

They hitched up their mini skirts an then wiggled into tight tops. I

thought Sandra's boobs would split hers but amazingly the material

took the strain. They then pushed their feet into their shoes with a

familiar whoosh, turned on their heels and left me to my misery with

an erotic image of their legs.



Just before they all left Stella called up "You can finish of the

drinks now if you want." My eyes filled with tears again as I laid in

my confinement still inhaling the smell of those womens feet, gaging

on Veronicas tights and looking at the long overdue drink. I had no

choice but to lay and wait for their return.



Long hours passed and it was dark again before I heard a key in the

door. My heart began beating fast again and I longed to be released

but I feared they would continue to torment me. They had all arrived

together and went straight to the kitchen. "That was lovely Italian 

meal Jason" Stella said "It was a perfect way to finish off a hard

day at work and I was famished".

&nbsp; "Yes, so was I, but I'm bloated now" was Sandra's reply and I then

heard them kissing passionately. I was starving and very, very

thirsty. "What about me, I need to eat and drink" I managed to croak.

"Oh, your still here then" Jason shouted back. Anger filled my veins

as I realised I wasn't going to get any relief. 

&nbsp; "Don't worry dear, we saved you some scraps from lunch time."

Sandra said, "I've saved you the skin of my chicken and some chips,

Jason has saved you some of his haddock and Stella kindly left you

some of her lasagna."

&nbsp; "Yes and we've all saved you some semolina" Jason added.

&nbsp; "It's not a lot but with the porridge, bacon rind and toast from

breakfast it should be enough", Sandra said

&nbsp; "Pity there all a bit cold now but we will soon get them to you"

Stella said with a smirk and then added "perhaps I'll warm your plate

up"

&nbsp; "Do you think they'll fit" Sandra asked. "Size 6, of course they

will" Stella replied. What did they mean by that I wondered.

I then heard the liquidiser start up. "This will make it easier to

eat with no hands" Sandra said "but we don't want to waste time with

separate courses so it's all in together".

&nbsp; "Oh, how thoughtful. Jason has put some of your favorite chutney in

for added flavour" Sandra said barely suppressing her giggles. I then

heard them uncork a bottle of wine and pour some drinks. "Mmm, this

is refreshing Stella said as I heard them nosily slurp away to add to

my torment.



I was full of revulsion and dreaded my special meal but about half an

hour later I heard them giggling as they came upstairs. "Oh so you

didn't want the drink after all" Stella said grinning from ear to ear

as she entered the room. She was now wearing a pair of scruffy calf

length boots with peep toes that I recognised as having been returned

by a customer 3 weeks ago. The woman had complained that the peep

toes let her foot scent out and caused her embarrassment while

travelling on the bus. Stella then said, "She was right, these boots

do make your feet sweat. I don't know how she could have kept wearing

them all last year" and she paraded them in front of me. I could

clearly see her big and second toes, covered in reinforced stocking,

peeping menacingly at me through the toe sections. Sandra said, 

&nbsp; "do you like your personal plate?" as she pointed at the boots. Oh

no! They can't be serious I thought as Jason lifted the glass panel.

Sandra then removed my stocking mask and gag to give me some much

needed but short lived&nbsp; relief. Stella then bent down and with a

struggle pulled her left boot off and I could see a delicate steam

coming from them. 

&nbsp; "There all nice and warmed up to help you enjoy your meal" Stella

said as she forced the open toe of the boot into my mouth. Sandra

then poured the slop from the liquidiser into it while Jason

carefully arranged some clamps to hold it in position. The mixture

was foul and I refused to eat. They stood back with hands on their

hips a looked down at me. 

&nbsp; "Don't rush your BOOTIFULL meal" Stella smirked at me as they all

hugged one another "We're going down stairs to watch a sexy video and

have some drinks." I tried to shout back but couldn't with my mouth

full. They turned and left me to eat the nauseous concoction from the

smelly boot as they gaily drunk and watched the video. 



A couple of hours later they returned and Sandra looked at the empty

boot and said "All gone, you must have enjoyed it. Do you want

something to wash it down now?". Good I thought, they have relented

at last. Jason removed the boot and I said "Thank you, I am desperate

for a drink, please hurry." They all giggled and Stella said,

&nbsp; "Stupid sod, he never learns does he."

Sandra left the room for a while and came back with a transparent

plastic loo that they had mentioned that morning. My heart started to

pound and I tore at my bonds. Filled with panic I screamed "NO NO GO

AWAY, you can't make me do that"

&nbsp; "Why not?" was Sandra's reply "We have to go and you have to drink

don't you?" I couldn't answer as I knew there was no point. Moments

later Jason appeared with his old snorkel mouthpeice. He gave it to

Stella and she went to put it between my lips. I was so disgusted

that I refused to open my mouth. This pleased them and Sandra eased

her foot out of her shoe a gently wafted her dainty toes about my

nose. 

 "You would prefer to just smell these again all night would you my

slave?"

 "NO" I tried to say with my mouth firmly closed. They all laughed

and looked down at me. "Doesn't make himself clear does he" Jason

said.

&nbsp; "Oh well I think the change will be good for you tonight" Sandra

said as she then spread her stocking clad toes about my nose. The

smell was overpowering and she laughed "doesn't he look sweet like

this". She then vindictively clamped her toes so that I could no

longer breath and waited for the inevitable.



After about a minute I opened my mouth and gulped air into my lungs.

Stella wasted no time and popped the mouthpeice between my lips

whilst she teasingly licked her own lips. "Got him" she said and

Sandra relaxed her grip a little so that I was forced to breath

deeply between her sweaty toes. The flanges held the mouthpeice in

place as I tried to spit is out but Stella still had a firm grip of

it to make sure I didn't. Jason removed the rubber plug from the

centre of the glass panel and then lowered the panel over the tube

sticking out of my mouth. The panel was a tight fit and there was no

way I could free my mouth from the tube. Sandra then connected a

rubber tube from the base of the loo to the top of my mouthpeice.

They then carefully placed the loo above me facing the bed. It was

all in place and I was forced to look up through the pan in horror at

their smiling faces. "There darling," Sandra said, "at long last you

will be useful to me".



Jason dropped his trousers and I though I was going to be sick but he

just sat on the edge of the bed. Sandra then pulled her clingy

panties down to her ankles and hitched her mini skirt up. I was

mortified at the thought of what was coming next. I could see from

Jason's erection that he was enjoying himself as Stella climbed onto

the bed behind him and they starting kissing passionately while she

ran her hands all over his chest. Sandra then calmly sat on the loo

and said "Not long now darling, I'm finding it hard to hold myself

after all that wine with the meal and the film". She then added "I've

always wanted to do this since you laughed at me when I wet myself on

our wedding night" as she bent forward and took hold of Jason's

vibrant cock and started to lick it. She then put it in her mouth and

played with him while looking down into my tear filled eyes. When he

jerked into a frenzied orgasm I watched Sandra swallow. The bitch I

thought it was as much as she would do to touch my prick with her

hand. She then relieved herself unashamedly and the hot jet splashed

off the bowl and into the pipe. I immediately slammed my tounge up to

the pipe so that I wouldn't have to drink the foul liquid. The taste

that greeted my tastebuds was horrid.



When they had both recovered my wife got up and laughed at the half

filled bowl, "My word I didn't know a bladder could hold so much.

Lucky that you are thirsty my dear". She then slowly peeled her

stockings off, removed her panties and turned to sit on Jason's lap.

He immediately responded and started massaging her beautiful breasts

whilst covering her neck in love bites. She lent back and put her

arms back over her head so she could run her fingers through his

hair. "This is heaven, don't you think husband dear?" she cooed as

she closed her eyes with delight. I was forced to watch this

spectacle through a bowl full of her urine that I was trying hard to

stop seeping into my mouth.



Stella then came round to the loo humming contently to herself. She

lifted her skirt, sat down heavily and immediately relieved herself.

"OHHH, I needed that" she said.

&nbsp; Jason then said, "I thought you did, you didn't even take your

panties down".

&nbsp; "Silly me" she said "I forgot. Still he will get the benefit for

the rest of the night" as she stood up and pulled the sopping wet

garment down her legs. She then slid the foul smelling and dripping

panties under the panel and over my nose. I had no choice but to

inhale her foul smell whilst drinking my wine. She then resumed her

seat above me and bent forward to lick my wife's pussy. It wasn't

long before Sandra was writhing in ecstasy. She then stood up and

stripped seductively and they all climbed onto the bed out of my

view. I was then left having to drink or choke every time I relaxed

my tounge a little while they continued their frenzied love making

above me.



Finally they stopped to relax and Sandra looked over the edge of the

bed to see my pitiful face. She looked triumphantly relaxed as she 

said, "not finished yet then," with a huge smile on her face. "That's

sensible, you might not get any more till tomorrow night. It's best

to make it last. Goodnight" and she turned the light off. I heard her

roll over and cuddle up to Jason. Stella then said, "At least he

hasn't shouted at us again tonight. He must be enjoying himself at

last."

&nbsp; "Yes we wouldn't want to disappoint him, would we" Sandra

acknowledged. I was at my wits end, I tried to shout back at them but

I only had to breath more deeply through my sopping nose gag and all

I produced was bubbles in the fluid above me. They all laughed

happily and Sandra said "Ah, don't those bubbles sound soothing, just

the right thing after a hard day". Soon they were fast asleep and I

could here their gentle relaxed breathing. I could not sleep as each

time I breathed my nose was stabbed with the pungent smell of

Stella's panties and their foul spendings kept dribbling into my

mouth. However, just before dawn my drink was finished and I fell to

sleep for a few minutes.



What horror awaits me today I thought to myself as I heard someone

stir in the bed above me.....



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The end of the begging





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Gracko


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





