BDSM Library - Amy




Amy
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Amy is a coed in need of an attitude adjustment. Her attitude is adjusted over two nights in her room.






 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;







During my second year of college I moved into a group living situation, much

like a dorm, but without big brother looking over your shoulder all the

time.&nbsp; Well, after about a month, one of the girls there caught my eye.&nbsp; It

was a co-ed place, so there was a lot of fucking going on, with everyone

seeming to be fucking everyone else, hooking up, breaking up, and all that,

playing the game for all it was worth.&nbsp; I hadn't gotten involved in any of

that yet, both from a lack of attractive possibilities as well as I wanted to

take the lay of the land before I dived in.



Well, this girl, Amy was her name, stood out.&nbsp; There were other girls who

were better looking, sexier, hotter, hell, a lot more friendly, but Amy had

something which made me want her more than any other chick there.&nbsp; I figure

it was the haughtiness, the aloofness, the sheer arogance which only I was

able to see radiating from her.&nbsp; She walked like she was above it all,

striding across the common areas like a fucking queen, her shoulders back in

perfect posture, her sweet little tits jutting out provocatively, her blond,

frizzy hair bunched in a bun on top of her head, her face angular, her nose

jutting forward, her lips pinched inward as if in permanent disapproval.&nbsp; She

was five foot seven, had hips slender like a boy's, an ass firm and round,

and perfect ivory skin.



I tell you, whenever I saw her my sight blurred with lust and hate--I so much

wanted to take the bitch down a peg, tear that prissy white princess from her

pedastal and make her squirm under my pounding cock.&nbsp; I got hard just from

looking at her, she was that much under my skin.&nbsp; I figure she knew it too,

although I kept it to myself, because I would catch her looking at me, her

thin lips pinched into a slight frown of protestant disdain.&nbsp; 



It had been six weeks since I had moved in, and I was still not part of the

game, although I made sure I flirted and hung enough with the principles to

keep close in case I wanted in, when I found myself across the table with my

ice princess, Amy, she who, even though she didn't put out, didn't flirt,

never smiled, seemed to be able to hang with whomever she wanted.&nbsp; I think

she glanced at me once, a glance which said "you're nothing" so much better

than words could have, before talking with everyone else there--listening, I

should say, she rarely spoke.



My blood was boiling, but I tried to act normally.&nbsp; Hell, all I could think

of was taking that bitch and reaming her out, picturing her on her knees, my

cock buried to the hilt in her throat, of her screaming as my cock split her

tight ass, her body arching in pain as I brutalized her, of her squirming

helplessly under me as I rode her cunt to completion, her whimpering cries

music to my ears.&nbsp; I was in a fog the whole time, barely myself, each one of

my club-footed responses to the conversation whirling about me earning me

another look of contempt from Amy, sweet, hot, fucking Amy.&nbsp; Once or twice

she even went after me over something, but never obvously.&nbsp; It was like she

was purposefully jacking me up, pissing me off, setting me on edge.&nbsp; A couple

of times it was all I could do to keep from lunging across the table and

throwing that bitch to the floor right there.



Over the next couple of weeks it was like she was my fucking shadow.&nbsp; She

always seemed to be in whatever conversation I was in, jacking me up, cutting

me off, jabbing me with a well placed word.&nbsp; Once or twice I even got into it

with her, telling her to go straight to hell.&nbsp; But she kept coming back, as

if she was purposefully seeking me out--most people, after I tell them to

stay the hell away, stay away; she didn't.&nbsp; 



I tell you, the bitch had me so worked up I wasn't thinking straight.&nbsp; All I

could see when I closed my eyes was her sneering face.&nbsp; I fantasized about

wiping that sneer from her face, about making her beg and plead as I tore at

that hot little body she kept from everyone.&nbsp; It was all I could think about,

what I wanted to do to that bitch, how I would do it.&nbsp; God, it was eating me

up.



One evening, after she had spent most of it fucking with me, I decided to do

something about it.&nbsp; The bitch was too far under my skin.&nbsp; I waited until

about one a.m., until the place had quieted down a bit.&nbsp; Then I simply went

over to her room and knocked on the door.



The cunt opened the door a crack, which I pushed open all the way, knocking

her back a step, confusion and anger mingling on that pure white face.&nbsp; In

that instant, as I shut the door to&nbsp; her room behind me, the words, "What

the..." fading in the air, I saw everything around me:&nbsp; hot, bitchy Amy,

wearing button-fly jeans tight around her waist loose around her firm apple

of an ass; Amy, her tits thrusting out against a plain white v-neck; Amy's

books on her desk, her desk against the wall of her small room--she had been

studying, her feet bare; Amy's bed, perfectly made, to my right, her left, in

front of me; Amy's closet, closed, the light overhead dim, shadows from the

light on her desk filling the room; her hair, blonde, kinky, fanning across

the back of her head, tied in a loose pony-tail near her neck.



I stepped forward, my hand reaching around her neck, my other hand reaching

around her back, pulling the bitch toward me even as she cried out, my hands

crushing her hips against mine, crushing her lips against mine as I grimaced,

those soft, pink lips parting as she gasped in surprise and panic, my tongue

snaking out into that warm, wet cavity of her mouth, sending chills down my

spine as I tasted her gasping, struggling form, holding her there for long

seconds as she squirmed in my grasp, feeling smaller, thinner, stronger than

I had expected, pushing away from me, gasping, her blue eyes bright and wide

in shock, her chest heaving as she panted.&nbsp; She looked wild, beautiful, hot,

like a trapped animal waiting for the slaughter.



"All you have to do is scream," I said, my shoulders hunched, my eyes lidded,

my breath coming in ragged gasps, speaking my thoughts, knowing that she knew

that a scream, a yell, would bring people to her door, would bring people who

would stop me, stop me from doing what we both knew I was going to do.



"Get out," she said, her eyes hardening, her back

straightening, her hair flying behind her as she jerked her head back, her

arm pointing forcefully toward the door.&nbsp; She didn't scream.&nbsp; I stepped

forward suddenly, swinging my left arm hard, up and across her face, the

retort of flesh against flesh sharp in the small space of her room, the

force of the blow staggering her, her head falling to her chest, her hands

coming up to ward me off as she slumped to the ground, leaning against the

side of her bed, her legs folded under her.



I stepped close to her, towering over her, over Amy, over that hot, snotty

bitch who had tormented me so much.&nbsp; My blood was boiling, surging, my head

pounding, my sight locked on Amy, as she turned her head up to look at me,

her bright blue eyes filled with fear, her delicate white hand against the

side of her face where I had slapped her, her neck smooth and white to my

eyes, her pale lips glistening, slightly parted as she gazed up at me.&nbsp; She

still didn't scream.



I reached down, a feeling of power and lust rushing through me as I felt her

hair twine about my fingers, and jerked the bitch to her feet, pulling her

head back savagely to taste her hot mouth, her hands pushing against my

shoulders exciting me as I gripped her ass through her jeans, her buttocks

firm and tight and hard as I pressed her slender body against mine, feeling

the softness of her tits against my chest, the hot wetness of her mouth as I

ran my tongue inside it, tasting her breath, her panting, grunting gasps as

she struggled against my grasp.



My whole body was tingling as I threw the bitch onto the bed, watching as she

collapsed onto her back, one leg dangling off the bed, watching as she began

to sit up, her eyes wide with fear and hate, glistening with them, her hair

wild about her face, her lips pulled back into a sneer.&nbsp; I put one knee on

the bed and grabbed a handful of her hair, jerked her back down onto her

back, loving the way her face twisted in pain, loving the way she whimpered

as I put my face inches from hers, my other hand pressing against her

stomach, firm, flat, heaving up and down as she sucked in breath after

panicked breath through her nostrils.



"I'm going to fuck you, bitch," I hissed.&nbsp; She whimpered.&nbsp; It was all I had

to say, all I needed to say as I stared into those big blue frightened eyes,

waiting for the scream which didn't come, my hand tearing down, popping the

buttons on her jeans open even as I kissed her brutally, my head swimming

with power and lust as I ground my teeth against hers, her whimpering,

squirming body delicious beneath my hands.&nbsp; I held the kiss for a long time,

my hand digging its way to her groin, past the scratchy curls of her pubic

hair, my fingers digging at the soft flesh of her labia.



I broke my kiss, leaving Amy gasping, and said "Slut," my middle finger sunk

deep in her slick cunt, my hand mashing down her clit as her thighs squirmed

weakly and her hips gyrated, trying to expel my finger from her sweating,

drooling snatch.&nbsp; She turned her head away, her teeth pulling on her lower

lip as I dragged my finger slowly from her box, dragging across her swollen

clit, making the slut's hips buck up uncontrollably, a hiccup making her

slender body spasm as I grapped either side of her jeans and panties at the

hips and dragged them down to her thighs, her firm, silky smooth, milk white

thighs, muscles bulging and sliding under her skin as she kicked against me

weakly.



I flipped her over bodily, not able to wait, my blood racing through my ears

as I thought about raping Amy, hot, sweet, beautiful fucking Amy, her ass so

round and firm, her cunt drooling for my cock.&nbsp; I dragged&nbsp; her until she was

on her knees, her torso laying across the bed, her head turned so I could see

that gorgeous profile, that haughty, stubborn profile, with her hair hanging

in front of her face while I undid my belt and freed my cock, swollen and

throbbing as I leaned into Amy, sweet Amy.



"Please, don't, don't," she begged, but she didn't scream.&nbsp; She didn't

scream.



I grinned a death's head grin, pulling her head back viscously by her hair.

"Shut up, cunt.&nbsp; You want this, slut.&nbsp; Now take it."&nbsp; I reached down and

guided my cock between her straining, milk white thighs, even as she bucked

and squirmed against my grasp, trying to squirm away from my cock, my cock

which I drove deep into her slippery, smooth, hot, grasping cunt with one

stroke.



"Ahh..." she gasped, her back arched unnaturally by my hand in her hair.&nbsp; "Oh

god oh god no," she whispered, and I could have sworn the cunt came even as I

pulled out of her spasming cunt and slammed my cock back into her womb, the

feel of her ass squirming and working against my groin, the way she gasped as

I drove deep into her, the feel of my cock buried in that silky smooth wet

grasping cavern of a cunt, sucking on my cock like a living thing, stunned my

mind, sent pleasure spiraling higher and higher through my body as I fucked

Amy, Amy the slut coming on my cock.



Again and again I slammed into her, her asscheeks quirvering beneath the

blows from my hips, her hands clawing as the sheets as I pressed her face

hard against the bed, her breath coming in short gasps as I fucked her.



"Bitch.&nbsp; Cunt.&nbsp; Whore.&nbsp; Slut" I chanted with each stroke, quickly, too

quickly building to orgasm, my whole body held rigid as I spasmed deep inside

of her, my hands gripping her hair harder and harder until she cried out from

pain even as her body shuddered again as the slut came, my hot spew spitting

deep up into her slut belly, my hot Amy coming on the end of my cock as I

filled her full of seed.



I held my cock inside her, still shuddering from the magnitude of it.&nbsp; I had

raped Amy, and Amy had loved it.&nbsp; She was a slut, a no good fucking whore, my

bitch Amy.&nbsp; She was making sobbing sounds, and I reveled in them.&nbsp; I had

shown the cunt, had shown her what she was good for; I had given the bitch

her medicine, and she had gulped it down like the slut she truly was.



I pulled my cock from her drenched hole, wincing at its sensitivity.&nbsp; Looking

down at her there, laying with her white ass exposed, her cunt swollen and

gaping, her head turned sideways and pressed into the bed, I wanted her

again.&nbsp; I wanted to keep her and fuck her and use her slut body forever.



"Please go," she gasped out between her sobbing gasps, and I couldn't help

but grin.&nbsp; Amy, haughty Amy was begging me to leave.&nbsp; I didn't think I would.

I whipped my belt off and leaned over her to grab her wrists.&nbsp; "What are you

doing, what are you doing," she cried as she struggled as I bound her wrists

behind her with my belt.



"Shut up, bitch," I snarled, slapping the back of her head when her hands

threatened to escape the binding, until I was sure she couldn't get loose

without some work.&nbsp; "You and me, bitch, we're not finished, not by a long

shot."&nbsp; I leaned over her prone body so I could talk directly into her ear,

seeing her flinch away from me exciting me as much as seeing her bound before

me did.



I rolled her over and laid her flat on her back on the bed, climbing so that

I was straddling her hips, staring down into that pretty, no longer so

arrogant face of hers.&nbsp; "Please, no more," she begged, "no more.&nbsp; You've

already raped me, just go.&nbsp; I won't tell anyone."&nbsp; I let the bitch finish her

begging.&nbsp; "AHH!" she yelped as the retort of my palm across her face echoed

about the room.&nbsp; "AHH!" again as I slapped her again, hard, jerking her head

from side to side.



"Bitch.&nbsp; You come like a whore and you tell me no more?&nbsp; Fucking goddamned

slut.&nbsp; Tell me you came, slut.&nbsp; Tell me!"



"No...no..."&nbsp; I started slapping her, my palms stinging from each blow as her

body jerked under mine, her hips twisting, her head jerking back and forth as

I rocked her head with my blows.



"Tell me!&nbsp; Tell my you got off!"



"Okay!&nbsp; Okay!" she practically yelled, and I stopped slapping her, her white

complexion now pink, her breath coming in gasps.&nbsp; "I liked it," she

whispered.



"What?"



"I liked it," she said, her faced turned away from mine.



I grabbed her face and forced her to look at me.&nbsp; "You liked what, Amy?"



"I...I...oh god...I liked you raping me."&nbsp; The sight of those words coming

from those pale thin lips was almost too much for me.&nbsp; I felt my cock throb

even in its soft state and red blur my vision, my hand squeezing her cheeks

until she gasped in pain.



I stood, watching her as she lay there, motionless, her head turned away from

me, defeated, her chest, thrust forward by her arms bound behind her back,

rising and falling provocatively as she breathed.&nbsp; I shed my clothes, all of

them, before climbing back onto the bed.&nbsp; She didn't move, didn't react as I

slid my hands up her shirt, feeling her shudder slightly as my hands ran over

her hot flesh.&nbsp; I didn't care.&nbsp; She was mine.&nbsp; She admitted it.&nbsp; I had

everything I wanted right under my hands.



"Let's take a look at your tits," I said, sliding her shirt up until it

bunched at her chin, exposing her thin, hard stomach, a smooth expanse of

creamy white flesh leading up to her bra, hiding the two soft mounds of her

jutting tit-meat.&nbsp; I reached around her and undid her bra, pushing that up

against her chin also.&nbsp; She refused to look at me as I squeezed those

perfectly hand-sized mounds of flesh topped by two hard pink nipples.



"Nice tits, slut.&nbsp; Nice," I purred as I kneaded her mounds, feeling the warm

flesh of her stomach massaging my balls as I worked her tits.&nbsp; "Let's see

everything, slut," I said, sliding down her body and sliding her jeans and

panties from her unresisting legs.&nbsp; I kneeled over the bitch, staring down at

her gorgeous white flesh, drinking in the sight of her nearly naked body,

from her shapely feet, her strong, thin thighs, the slight bulge of her

mound, sparsly covered with dark blonde hairs, her narrow, boyish hips, her

flat, even narrower stomach, her small, perky tits, her pink, hard nipples,

her supple neck, to her bright blue eyes.



I covered her body with mine, taking one of those perfect nipples between my

lips and sucking it as deep as I could into my mouth, the feel of her silky

smooth skin against mine filling my cock with blood, hardening me as I ran my

tongue and my teeth across her nipple, drawing soft whimpering sounds from

her mouth as I switched from one breast to another until I was fully hard,

and until I felt her body squirming ever so slightly beneath mine, her hips

writhing in obvious need against my stomach.



I mounted her, nestling my cock against her swollen labia, bending my head so

that I was looking at her turned aside face, her eyes tightly closed, an

intense expression on her face.&nbsp; I rubbed my cock against her labia, grinning

as I felt her shift her hips slightly, uncontrollably, toward my cock, aching

for it, aching to be fucked.&nbsp; I shifted my position above her until I held

her tits in my hands, and began to squeeze, watching her face as the pain

began to hit her.



"Ahhh...god.&nbsp; Stop.&nbsp; Stop.&nbsp; Don't hurt me," she whimpered, arching her back

in her pain, her eyes open and pleading to mine as I twisted the pliable

flesh of her tits, my fingers gouging them brutally even as I slid the tip of

my cock into her sopping cunt-hole.



"Tell me what a slut you are," I demanded.



"Oh god," she turned her face away from me, "I'm a slut.&nbsp; I'm a slut."



"Look at me slut!" I commanded, twisting her precious tit-flesh hard, making

her moan and arch up against me, her hips even then humping against the tip

of my cock.



She looked at me, her eyes wide open, her hair streaked across her face, her

lips moist and open.&nbsp; "I'm a slut, a fucking slut," she whispered.



"Louder!"



"I"M A SLUT!" she gasped out as I gouged at her tits and slammed my rock hard

cock deep into her belly, her hips grinding against mine as I buried my cock

in her grasping, tight, sloppy cunt.



"You love having my cock in your slutty belly.&nbsp; Say it," I said.



"Uh, uh, I love...I love having your...your cock in my slutty belly," she

said, staring straight into my eyes, her eyes filled with humiliation and

shining with lust, her body shaking as I made her degrade herself beneath me.



"You're a whore, a dirty, slutty whore."



"I'm a whore, a dirty, slutty whore."



"You want cock, you need cock to feed your slutty, whorish cunt.&nbsp; You're a

cock-loving bitch with a greedy cunt."



"Uh uh," she grunted as I ground my cock deep in her belly, reveling in the

power I had over her, the sensations of her body writhing and shaking beneath

mine making me tingle all over as I used her for the second time, a time I

was going to make it last.&nbsp; I took my hands from her tits and put them beside

her head.&nbsp; "I wa...want co...cock," she stuttered, "uh I

na...need...uh...cock to...to feed my slutty, whorish cunt," her back arching

as I withdrew my cock and slammed it home in her belly.&nbsp; "I'm a cock-loving

bitch with a greedy cunt," she finished, her eyes locked on mine, her face a

mask of lust and hate and humiliation as I raped her, sweat breaking out on

her body, easing my movement atop her.



"Keep it up, whore," I said, grinning down at her.



"Oh god," she closed her eyes, only to open them again, "oh god...fuck

me...fu...fuck me like...like the sl...slut I am.&nbsp; Uh uh my god my god I'm a

whore, a dirty whore.&nbsp; Ra...ra...rape me, rape me, rape me," she grunted in

time to my thrusts.&nbsp; "Hu...hu...hurt ma...ma...me oh god please oh god I'm a

slut oh god," her eyes shut and her face twisted and her body arched and

shook beneath me as I ground my hips against hers, stirring my cock in the

pit of her cunt, "oh god I'm comming comming slut slut whore coming oh god,"

she said over and over, her body collapsing beneath me, panting as she turned

her head away.



I let her lay like that for a minute, still working my cock in Amy, sweet,

slutty Amy's cunt, before lifting myself up on one elbow and backhanding her

violently across the face, making her body go rigid in shock and pain as her

eyes stared up at me in fear.&nbsp; "Who said you could stop, cunt?" 



She stared at me for long seconds, a gasp escaping her as I dragged my cock

across her swollen clit.&nbsp; Then she said, softly, "Don't stop.&nbsp; Don't stop

fucking your slutty cunt.&nbsp; Don't stop raping me, don't stop using me as your

fuck hole, don't stop hurting your fuck hole," she finished with a whine as I

twisted her tit hard, making her squirm beneath me.



I rode her for long minutes, watching her face, her eyes, as her lips spewed

filth, spewed humiliation and degredation, begging me to rape her, to hurt

her, to beat her, but&nbsp; most of all to use her over and over again.&nbsp; It was

incredible, snotty, arrogant Amy debasing herself, humilating herself,

beneath me, squealing out as she came, her thighs pulled to my sides,

squeezing my hips as she bucked in orgasm for a third time this evening, and

still I didn't stop, still I kept fucking and kept demanding her soft, silky

voice spew profanities as I fucked her slowly and methodically, feeling my

come build up ever so slowly from deep within my belly, the writhing and

shaking of her soft flesh driving me higher and higher in lust until I

grunted and buried my head in her neck, biting and sucking as I came deep

within her even as her ankles locked behind my ass and she bucked beneath me,

gasping and panting "I'm coming I'm coming coming oh god oh god coming cunt's

coming" into my ear over and over as my guts seemed to be pulled out from my

cock as I spewed deep inside Amy, sweet Amy.



"You're mine," I said as I lay on top of her limp body.&nbsp; "You're mine,

whenever I want, wherever I want.&nbsp; Mine."&nbsp; I wanted her to hear it, because

it that was how it was going to be.&nbsp; Amy, cold, distant Amy, was going to be

mine whenever and wherever I wanted her.



I stood unsteadily on my feet and dragged the bitch by her hair until she was

kneeling before me, my semi-hard cock weaving in front of her face, covered

with her come and mine.&nbsp; "Clean it, slut."&nbsp; Simple, direct.&nbsp; She glanced at

me from behind heavily lidded eyes, and opened that sharp, soft mouth and

took my cock inside it, making me wince as she took the softening member all

the way into her mouth, sucking hard on it, cleaning it with her tongue as

she pulled her head away, finished by cleaning my balls with her tongue.

Just standing there, watching Amy on her knees, cleaning my cock with that

small pink tongue of hers made me want to take her again, brutally,

visciously, but that could wait.&nbsp; I pushed her away from me and put on my

clothes.



"Remember," I said, "whenever and wherever I want."&nbsp; Then I left.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;







After that I figured I wouldn't have any more trouble with the cunt, but was

I wrong.&nbsp; The next morning she was fucking all over me, and not in a good

way.&nbsp; She was practically breaking my balls, taking every chance to dig at me

and humiliate me in front of everyone--that bitch had a sharp tongue.&nbsp; I

couldn't fucking believe it.&nbsp; I looked at her and it was like our little fuck

session hadn't even happened.&nbsp; She was more&nbsp; haughty, arrogant, and snotty

than ever.&nbsp; And the way she walked, and sat, and held herself just screamed

bitch.



It didn't take long before I was determined to _really_ teach Amy a lesson,

since it seemed the previous one hadn't stuck.&nbsp; Hell, this time I was going

to _really_ hurt the bitch, really make that sweet, precious body of hers

rock in agony as I pummeled it.&nbsp; The bitch deserved it, the way she was

baiting me, trying to get at me the whole day.&nbsp; I didn't get it, but I really

didn't care--I was going to take care of her once and for all.&nbsp; This time she

would know for sure who was boss, and what her place was in the scheme of

things, the cunt.



Early the next morning I was standing in front of her door again--it was

around 1:30 am--making sure there was&nbsp; nobody around to get in my way.&nbsp; The

light was on under her door, so I knew the bitch was awake.&nbsp; I knocked, my

cock already throbbing in my pants at the thought of what I was going to do

to Amy, sweet Amy.



She had to know it was me, coming back to give her some more of what I had

given her the day before, but the dumb cunt opened the door anyway, unlocked

it and pulled it open so I could slam it into her body, step into the room,

and slam it closed behind me all in one instant.&nbsp; She was stunned by the

door, standing just feet from me, looking at me through dazed eyes which

focused as the door closed.&nbsp; Her mouth opened but whatever the bitch was

going to say or yell or scream turned into a painful gasp as I gave her a

right straight in the stomach, noticing that she was wearing only a long

sleep t-shirt, her hair pulled back from her face by a braid.



Amy, hot, sexy little Amy, doubled over from my blow, choking and gasping as

she sank down to her knees.&nbsp; I stepped close to her and grabbed her by the

hair, jerking her head back, loving the way I towered over her on her knees,

slapping the beautiful white face with my free hand, the feel and sound of

the blow a pleasure shooting through my body as I snarled at her.&nbsp; "I've had

enough of you, bitch.&nbsp; You didn't learn your lesson yesterday, cunt."&nbsp; I

slapped her again, the small cry torn from her music to my ears, "_I'm_ the

boss, bitch."&nbsp; I slapped her.&nbsp; "Me."&nbsp; I slapped her, making her whimper and

try to cower, her hands fluttering between my wrist on the hand forcing&nbsp; her

head back and her face, "You are just some cunt, some worthless cunt for _me_

to use.&nbsp; Understand, bitch?"&nbsp; I slapped her quickly, backhand and forehand,

four, five times, brushing aside her hands as if they weren't there--pow pow

pow pow the sound filled her room, filled me with lust and power and frantic

energy.&nbsp; "Understand?"&nbsp; I jerked on her hair, jerking her head.



"Uh...uh...ye...ye...yes...yes..." she stuttered while I undid my belt and

pulled my cock out.&nbsp; Just looking at the sweet mouth, the right side of her

lip beginning to swell a bit from my slaps, and I knew I wanted to take it,

to take her mouth while she kneeled on the floor at my feet.



With my hand still twined in her hair, I yanked the bitch's head back even

farther, her mouth forced open by the angle of her head, my other hand

gripping the base of my cock as I stepped closer to her, until I was

practically standing over the bitch.&nbsp; I angled my cock down, bending my knees

as I shoved it between her soft lips, the sight of my cock entering her mouth

almost driving me crazy.&nbsp; "Take it bitch, take it bitch," I said, jerking my

hips downward and pulling her head toward my groin, my nerves rattling with

pleasure as my cock humped into the warm, wet cavern of her mouth, bumping up

against the back of her mouth, making her choke and gasp and shake beneath

me, her hands pushing against my hips, as if she could stop me.



"That's right, bitch," I growled through gritted teeth, jabbing my cock into

her mouth, "take it, take my cock in that bitchy cunt mouth of yours."&nbsp; I

couldn't help myself--I wanted to impale her, to see this bitch squirming as

my cock penetrated her throat.&nbsp; I held her head with both my hands, tangling

them in her hair, her braid practically torn off, and began to pull the

bitch's face toward my groin.



I could feel my cockhead push against the soft, warm flesh at the back of her

mouth, could feel her head begin to shake, her head making small jerkings as

she tried to pull away, her hand pressing against my hips, beating against

them as I felt my cockhead slide into her throat, Amy's body heaving,

gagging, shaking, horrible retching sounds coming muffled from her body as my

cock slid into her esophagus, her nose pressing hard against my pubic hair as

I held her there for long seconds, reveling in her agony, in her retching,

choking, humming agony, her hands fist beating against my hips as I slid my

cock almost out of her throat before slamming it back in, fucking almost down

into her face, my pelvis slamming into her sharp nose, earning a cry of

surprise and pain between the horrible retching, gagging sounds she was

making.



It was fucking heaven, her throat a spasming tunnel of flesh massaging my

cock, sending sharp flashed of pleasure through me.&nbsp; Amy, fucking bitch Amy,

on her knees, gagging and choking as I watched my cock slide in and out of

her precious mouth, spittle drooling from between her lips and my cock to

coat my balls.&nbsp; I fucked her face, ramming my cock in short strokes in her

throat, slamming her nose against my pelvis as she jerked and thrashed

beneath me, her struggles growing more and more frantic as I became more and

more violent, pleasure building up to a peak, fogging my mind as I used

precious, snotty Amy like a whore, as I fucked my cock down her throat, as

she quivered and fought and choked as I took my pleasure from her.



I yelled out, grinding my pelvis into her face as I felt the first pulse of

my cock spurt my come deep in the bitch's throat, yelled as I yanked my cock

from her spasming, grasping throat, spitting another wad of come against the

back of her mouth, making her gag and cough, her whole body retching as I let

go of her hair, my cock in hand, spitting its fluid against Amy's nose, then

her forehead and hair as she doubled up, her whole body shaking as she

retched, spitting up globs of my sperm onto the rough, dirty carpet, her

hands held under her as she gasped helplessly for breath even as I dumped the

rest of my come in her tangled blonde hair.



I sagged against the bed, sat down, as I watched Amy, sweet, abused Amy,

retch and gasp on the floor.&nbsp; Her hands were on the ground, her knees still

bent under her, as she coughed and spit, drool and come hanging from her

swollen lower lip as she kneeled there.&nbsp; I wish I had had a camera--it was

beautiful.&nbsp; It wasn't enough, though.&nbsp; The bitch had to learn who was in

charge here.&nbsp; "Lick it up," I said.



She turned her head to look at me, still down on her knees, her hands still

supporting her upper body as she leaned forward, her sleep-t hanging from her

body.&nbsp; She was gorgeous, with her kinky blonde hair stringing across her

face, strands of my come pulling them together, more of my come dripping down

from her left cheek and nose, spilling across her slightly parted lips, her

lower lip on the right side swollen now.&nbsp; She looked like a battered, abused,

used angel, those big blue eyes wet and shiny as they gazed at me for a

second before she lowered her head to the ground like a cat getting ready to

drink, her small pink tongue darting out to touch the pool of come and saliva

beginning to soak into the dull brown short shag carpet.



She did it slowly, dragging her tongue across the floor, across the puddle of

fluids, her body moving with her breath, her head sliding back and forth as

she licked my come from the ground.&nbsp; I stood, stripping quickly, my cock

already beginning to harden as I watched this gorgeous piece of meat

degraded.



Naked now, I grabbed her by that sexy hair again, pulling her head up until

she was kneeling again, sitting on her haunches, her knees wide apart.&nbsp; I

released her and stood before her as she looked up at me, my belt folded in

two dangling from my right hand, swallowing once, twice in the silence.&nbsp; I

stepped forward and grabbed her t between her breasts, yanking it off her

unresisting body, only her eyes following me as I stepped back to admire her.

She was naked, kneeling before me, her face battered and bruised, her hair

coated with my come, her tits, those perfect, round mounds of flesh, jutting

forward like sacrifices, her sex peaking obscenely from behind her sparse

blonde pubic hair, her inner thighs slick with the juices leaking from her

cunt.



"Who's the boss?" I said.&nbsp; I waited.&nbsp; Silence.&nbsp; She just looked up at me,

defiance shining in those bright blue eyes.&nbsp; My hand whipped out, the belt

whistling through the air, and she gasped, her body hunching as the sound of

leather against flesh resounded in the room, her tit jiggling, its side

turning bright red where I had struck it, her hand s covering it

protectively.



"Who's the boss?" I repeated, and waited while she straightened up, her tits

pushing out again, a dark red mark shining on the outside of her left breast,

defiance and fear and pain shining those gorgeously big eyes.&nbsp; I whipped the

belt through the air again, the flat of the leather striking her other

breast, making her jerk and her hands leap to protect her tit-flesh.&nbsp; She

hunched like that for long seconds, and when she looked straightened up I

could see tears of pain in her eyes, but the bitch still wasn't broken.



It was such a fucking turn on, this little game she was playing, this battle

of wills she was forcing.&nbsp; I had just raped the bitch's throat, had slapped

the crap out of her, had watched as she licked up her own saliva and my come

from her carpet, and she was still defying me.&nbsp; I quivered with suppressed

lust and rage, my cock hardening again as I looked down at her.&nbsp; The best,

though, the fucking best was the way her cunt betrayed her, the way it leaked

and drooled in her own lust at what I was doing to her, the goddamned slut,

the goddamned whore.



"Tell me..." I said, watching her as she stared at me, defiant.&nbsp; I raised the

belt, watching as she clenched her fists by her side, her eyes snapping shut

as she waited for it to strike, to pound into her waiting tits.&nbsp; I stepped

forward quickly and swung my leg forward, kicking at her exposed sex, meeting

it with a thwap of flesh against flesh as I kicked that soft, wet mass of

flesh with the top of my foot, splattering her sex juices over my foot and

her thighs as her eyes snapped open, her body jack-knifing in agony as she

let out a hoarse yell, her thighs snapping shut and her hands covering her

groin.&nbsp; I saw her shudder as she began to rock in agony, and it was more than

I could take.&nbsp; I grabbed the bitch's hair and dragged her moaning, shaking

body up straight, forcing her perfect tits out, framed by her arms as they

reached toward her groin, protecting it.



I slammed the belt wildly across her tits, making her choke and sob in pain

as I yelled raggedly at her, "Tell me your fucking coming, bitch, tell me

your fucking coming," whipping her tits with a fury as she shuddered

convulsively beneath me, her tits jiggling and jerking as she twisted her

torso back and forth, unwilling to lift her hands from her groin as I beat on

her tits.



"AHHHHH," she moaned, her slender, taut body quivering, her fingers digging

into her throbbing cunt-meat, the sound of my belt across her tits a wicked

sound of pain, "I'm...ahhh...uhg...I'm...ca...ca...I'm...coming," she gasped

out as I released her hair, watching as she folded to the ground, her fingers

still dug into her cunt meat, soaked with her come, her thighs slick with it

as she quivered on her side, her face hidden by her hair, soft moans and

pants the only sounds in the room.



I watched Amy, slut Amy, until she stopped shaking, until her fingers relaxed

over her cunt and she lay still.&nbsp; "Who's the boss?" I asked.



"You are," she said, not bothering to move, and I smiled.



I sat there for a minute, looking at Amy, sweet, slutty Amy, her long,

gorgeous, strong legs bent slightly at the knees as she rested on her side,

her elbows supporting her close to the ground, her face hidden by the veil of

her hair.&nbsp; My cock throbbed as I looked down at her there, laying on the

floor, knowing that I was going to take that beautiful creamy white body and

use it for my pleasure again and again.



"You're quite a slut, aren't you, Amy?" I said.&nbsp; "Aren't you?"



"Yes."&nbsp; She said it in a flat, defeated monotone, not bothering to look up at

me.&nbsp;&nbsp; God she was turning me on just seeing her like that--broken, beaten.&nbsp; I

decided to have a little fun.



"Tell me you're a slut."



"I'm a slut."



"A cock-hungry, writhing, crawling, begging cunt."



"I'm a cock-hungry, writhing, crawling, begging cunt."&nbsp; She choked on the

last word, the rest delivered as if she didn't care anymore.



I decided to change tacks.&nbsp; "How many guys you let fuck you're slutty cunt,

Amy?"&nbsp; I asked, my hand idly stroking my cock as I gazed down at her prone

form.&nbsp; She had rolled onto her belly, her head buried in her arms.



"Three.&nbsp; I let three guys fuck my slutty cunt."&nbsp; It came out muffled.&nbsp; I saw

her shoulders jerk as she answered.



"How many times, Amy?&nbsp; How many times you let them fuck you?"



There was a pause, and I heard a sob.&nbsp; "T...ten.&nbsp; Twelve.&nbsp; I don't know."



"A slut like you, only fucked ten, twelve times?"&nbsp; I whistled softly.&nbsp; "I'd

figure you'd be hopping on cock like a kangaroo, you little whore."&nbsp; I

paused, gazing down at her, keeping my cock hard with my hand, feeling it

grow a bit numb even as I thought about how humiliating this was for Amy,

sweet, whorish Amy, having to tell me all about her past sex life.



"You suck them off with your slutty mouth, Amy?&nbsp; Did you?"&nbsp; I asked.



Another sob.&nbsp; "One of them.&nbsp; Once."



"Once what?"



"Once...once I sucked one of them off with my slutty mouth."



"You swallow slut?"



"No."



"That's no good.&nbsp; Sluts should always swallow.&nbsp;&nbsp; And you're a slut, aren't

you Amy?"



She sobbed again.&nbsp; "Yes.&nbsp; I'm a slut."



I smiled down at her back.&nbsp; "You ever been fucked up the ass, Amy?"



I watched as she raised herself up, curling her legs under her until she was

sitting before me like a supplicant, her long hair wild about her face,

sticking to her lips, her face beautifully battered, her eyes wet and wide

and so blue, her breasts framed by her arms, pushing forward like an

offering, their creamy white flesh marked red by the belt.&nbsp; "No," she said, a

trace of fear touching her voice.



"Don't you think sluts should get fucked in the ass, Amy?"&nbsp; I smiled

wolfishly at her, loving the way her lower lip quivered as she realized what

I was aiming at.



"No," she said softly, almost a plea, staring straight into my eyes.



A thrill flowed through my body and I took my hand from my cock and leaned

toward her.&nbsp; "Wrong answer Amy.&nbsp; Give me the one I want to hear."



She stared at me.&nbsp; I waited.&nbsp; Her lips moved, and then she whispered, "Oh

god.&nbsp; Oh god.&nbsp; Please.&nbsp; Don't.&nbsp; Please."



I shook my head, watched as she swallowed once, twice, before she said what I

wanted to hear.&nbsp; "Sluts.&nbsp; Like.&nbsp; Me.&nbsp; Should.&nbsp; Get. Fucked.&nbsp; In.&nbsp; The.&nbsp; Ass."



I let the word sink in, waited for her eyes to drop, an idea springing into

my mind I looked at her, my cock throbbing relentlessly.&nbsp; "No.&nbsp; Sluts like

_Amy_ ."&nbsp; I saw her whole body shiver as I spoke, knowing that she knew I was

reducing her to no more than an object, that I was forcing her to see herself

that way, to speak of herself that way, as an other, someone, something

outside herself.



"Sluts like Amy should get fucked in the ass," she repeated for me, and I

nodded, even though she couldn't see me.



"Give me your wrists," I said, sliding off the bed to my knees, my belt in my

hand as she presented her wrists to me, together.&nbsp; Mine, I though, all mine

as I bound her wrists with the belt, pulling it tight around that soft white

flesh.&nbsp; When I was done I grabbed the back of her neck and pushed her face to

the ground, forcing her to kneel with her ass in the air, pulling those

gorgeous white thighs apart, pulling her bound wrists between her knees, her

body folded for my use, her ass and swollen cunt gaping into the air as I

positioned myself behind her, watching the side of her face as she stared off

into space, waiting for what I was about to do to her body.



Her ass was sweet, two full mounds of muscular white meat pulled taut across

her bones, warm to my touch as I ran my hands over them.&nbsp; Her small,

puckered, brown anus peeked up at me, her buttocks pulled away from it, her

cunt mound nestled below, swollen and wet.&nbsp; I pushed myself against her, my

right leg between hers, my cock pressing up against her left buttocks, my

right hand reaching down to her cunt, sliding two fingers into that sopping

mass of flesh.



I leaned over to her ear, sawing my fingers into her cunt, feeling her body

jerk slightly as I twisted them around in her dripping passage.&nbsp; "Tell me you

want me to fuck you in the ass, Amy."



She whimpered as I jabbed her cunt again with my fingers, juices beginning to

run down my wrist and her thighs.&nbsp; She worked her mouth and said,

"Fu...fu...fuck me...fu...fuck me in the--"



"No!" I said sharply, yanking my fingers violently from her cunt and slapping

her ass, making her jump as it smacked down on her taut flesh, making it

quiver.



"Ohhh god," she moaned as I slipped my fingers back into her box, "fuck Amy

in the ass.&nbsp; Assfuck Amy."&nbsp; Her ass was swaying and humping as she moaned

shamelessly, begging for it.



"Good cunt," I said, jamming my fingers back into her snatch, watching as she

jerked and moaned and begged while I worked her cunt until she started

gasping quick, short gasps.&nbsp; I pulled my fingers out of her sopping cunt and

grabbed her hips with both hands, my cock hard as iron and aimed right for

that sweet box.



"Don't stoooopppp," she whined, making that full, sweat ass shiver in need.



I slapped her ass hard.&nbsp; "What does Amy need?"



"Amy needs to cooommmeee," she moaned as my cock pushed against her swollen

labia.&nbsp; "Fuck Amy, fuck Amy, fuck Aaaahhhh," she chanted as I slid my cock

into that tight, hot sheath of a cunt.&nbsp; The bitch was to hot, so needy, so

slutty I almost let loose and pounded that grasping, churning cunt until I

came, but the sight of her tiny bud of an anus, that small brown sphincter,

kept me from it, kept me to my plan as I sawed in and out of her cunt, my

cock feeling like it was going to explode as her flesh tried to milk it of my

seed.



"Where does Amy need my cock?" I asked.



She whimpered, knowing the answer I wanted, not wanting me even now to do it.

"Please..." she started, but I slapped her ass hard, making her gasp at the

sudden pain.&nbsp; "Oh god Amy needs it...needs it in the...the...ass."



I yanked my cock from her ass, slick and smooth from her cunt juices, and

lodged it against that tiny bud of her asshole, loving the way her body shook

and the whimpers coming from her throat.&nbsp; I started pushing, slowly,

relentlessly, slapping her ass in rhythm to Amy's, sweet, fucked Amy's,

whimpers.&nbsp; The sight of it, of my cockhead pushing against her white, pure

flesh, pushing the flesh of her ass inward, driving toward her bowels as she

kneeled, bounds, beneath me, made my blood boil.&nbsp; I slapped her ass harder,

her whimpers turning into pants of pain as I felt her ass begin to give.



"Ahhh...ahhh...hurtsssssss...oh god...hurtsssssss....ahhh...ahhh...ahhh

god...stop stopstopnomorehurtscan'ttakeitohgodohgodohgodaaaaahhhhhhhh..." the

bitch blubbered as my cockhead slid into that incredible ass of hers.&nbsp; Every

nerve on my body seemed to be alive, pleasure and pain radiating from my cock

as I leaned into her ass, my cock sliding into her inch by inch, every inch

sending jagged shards of pleasure racing down my cock and through my body,

every inch making the slut beg and whine and moan louder, her pretty face

contorting into a beautiful mask of agony.



I sunk all the way into that incredible tightness, that incredible sheath of

her ass, hot and tight and squeezing like I could never have imagined--I

would have shot my load right there if I hadn't let one off down her throat

earlier.&nbsp; I&nbsp; held the cunt there, impaled on my cock, her whole body shaking

and quivering in pain, my cock buried up to my balls in her ass, helpless

moans and cries spilling from that hot little mouth.



I slapped her ass.&nbsp; "Tell me to fuck you, bitch."



"Ahhh...hurts...please...don't...don't...ahhhh...ahhh...fu...fu...fuck...oh

god...fuck ma...ma...Amy's....oh god no nonono...oh god fuck Amy's ass oh

god...please please fuck Amy's ass."



"Keep it up whore," I hissed, dragging my cock from the depths of her ass,

watching as her sphincter clung to it, pulled on it, the flesh distending as

it gripped my cock like a vise, making me shudder in pleasure even as Amy,

sweet, whorish Amy, moaned in pain, mouthing profanities.



"Slut," I hissed, shoving my cock into her excruciatingly tight hole, forced

to go slow through the sheer friction of her ass sheath, the sensations of

fucking this sweet piece of ass making my toes curl as she shivered and

sobbed in pain beneath me.&nbsp; In and out I shoved my cock, assfucking Amy,

sweet seductive Amy, practically driving my cock straight down into her

distended asshole, my mind clouding with pleasure and that sweet lust-filled

rage which fucking Amy seemed to bring to me, making me want to make her

scream and beg and writhe beneath me as I fucked her.



I slammed down into the bitch, feeling something give in her ass, her mouth

opening in a wide O, a choking sob escaping her throat as her ass eased up

and I began fucking her brutally, yanking my cock from her bowels like I

wanted to rip them from her body before slamming it back into her, my balls

slapping wetly against her drooling snatch, each outward pull making her moan

and shake in agony, each inward thrust making her grunt like a fucking

animal, like a fucking sobbing piece of meat.



I drilled into her, her shaking, writhing, quivering body making me crazy,

her ass spasming in agony around my cock.&nbsp; Her mewls and grunts and cries and

moans filled my ears, sending me mad with lust.&nbsp; "Fuck.&nbsp; Bitch.&nbsp; Fuck.&nbsp; Fuck.

Whore.&nbsp; Slut."&nbsp; I spat with each thrust into her grasping ass, feeling my

stomach and balls begin to buzz, my cock begin to hum with pleasure.



I grabbed the bitch by the hair and yanked her body up against mine,

thrusting up into her abused ass mercilessly, practically lifting her off her

knees with each thrust, my hand reaching down, shoving aside her dangling,

bound hands, to maul her soft cunt-meat.&nbsp; I dug my fingers into that soft

flesh, my nails tearing at her labia and her clit, her whole body beginning

to shake as I cursed her, her head lolling loose over my shoulder,

inarticulate grunts and sobs and cries jabbering from her drooling mouth.



I let go of her hair and reached around and grabbed one of those bouncing,

taut-skinned tits, squeezing hard as I felt my whole groin and cock ablaze

with pleasure, my fingers in her cunt scratching and clawing at her swollen

clit and cunt-meat.&nbsp; Amy shuddered; the bitch shuddered, a keening, inhuman

wail escaping her throat, and I felt her stomach ripple, her cunt spitting

juices down her thighs to splatter against the floor, her whole body shaking

like a seizure as the cunt came with my cock in her ass, my cock buried deep

in her grasping, spasming, clutching ass.



I couldn't take it, I couldn't take any more of this hot bitch coming on my

cock, gripping it, milking it, and I spewed my come deep into her bowels,

groaning in pleasure, my cock pumping and pumping and pumping my come into

her sweet sucking ass while she keened and wailed and shook against me.&nbsp; It

seemed to stretch out forever, my cock pumping and throbbing and spitting and

sending pleasure racing through my nerves while Amy, sexy Amy, bucked and

writhed and twisted in my grasp, her cunt spasming on nothing while she came

and came and came.



Finally I came down from my high, my fingers unclenching from her tit and

cunt meat, my body losing its rigidity, the sexual haze lifting from my mind

to be replaced by a certain lassitude.&nbsp; She was still coming on my cock, now

moaning weakly and thrashing her head slowly back and forth.&nbsp; I pushed her

off my cock, watched as she fell on her face, her knees sliding down until

she was laying flat on her stomach, her legs still spread, her asshole gaping

obscenely, her sphincter covered with bright red blood.



I glanced down at my cock, hard and glistening with her blood and the fluid

in her bowels.&nbsp; I staggered on my knees over to the bitch's head, pulling her

head up by her hair, forcing&nbsp; her slowly, agonizingly, to her knees, forcing

her to take my cock, covered with her fluids, into her mouth.&nbsp; I winced as

she cleaned it, without protest, without hesitation, her soft, warm, wet

mouth cleaning her blood and shit and juice from my cock and balls.



I pushed her away when she was done, shoving her face to the ground, leaving

her bent at the waist, the side of her face pressed into the rug, her ass

jutting into the air like and offering, her wrists still bound, her beautiful

blue eyes dulled with shock and sensation, her lips puffy and drooling.&nbsp; I

stood, dressed, and stepped to the door.



My hand on the doorknob, I turned to Amy, sweet, slutty Amy, laying on the

floor, used, abused, beaten and cruelly fucked, and said, "One A.M., this

door is unlocked.&nbsp; You are on your knees, naked, in the center of the room,

knees apart."&nbsp; I looked my Amy, my new toy Amy, before opening the door,

stepping outside, and closing it behind me.





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Wiley Hunter


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





