BDSM Library - Innocent




Innocent
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young women is raped and accused of being a whore, other medieval torture ensues.






Author's Note: This is a work of adult fiction and no one under the age of 18 should read it.&nbsp; All characters are the author's own creation and the events of this story are fictiticious.&nbsp; 



Wiping a bit of sweat from her brown, Melina rose from the milking stool and carried the pail toward the barrel where the sweet cream would be seperated from the rest of the milk and made into butter.&nbsp; After pouring the milk in, she returned the bucket and milking stool to their proper places in the barn, patted the cow affectionately and stepped into the fresh spring air.

It was an unusually warm day for March, and most of the people in her village were out taking advantage of the reprieve from winter's chill, including the rest of her family.&nbsp; The eldest of six children, Melina was required to stay home and finish her chores before joining the family in the town square, where an impromptu festival of sorts was taking place.

At 16 years old she was considered ripe for marriage, and with her lush curves, soft golden brown curls and sparkling brown eyes, there were many lads vying for her hand, including the lord's own son.&nbsp; It would be a considerable raise in rank for her, the poor daughter of a peasant, to marry the only son of the king's first cousin.&nbsp; While her family was encouraging the match, the lord was not pleased at all.&nbsp; Unbeknownst to Melina, he had been waiting for a day just like this one in order to eliminate what he considered a threat to his status in the kingdom.

Sadly, in medieval Europe, if a woman lost her virginity outside the marriage bed, she was considered a whore and would suffer accordingly.&nbsp; Even if she wasn't punished, she lost all value to her family and any future husband she may have. Melina was a good girl, went to mass twice a week and kept her thoughts and body pure, but that would not matter to the authorities one whit. Forced or willing, it didn't matter because a woman's word meant nothing in those days.

Melina fanned her face with hand, trying to dry the sweat that had formed from the stale air in the barn.&nbsp; Her mind was on the festival in town today, the delicious treats that would be offered by vendors and the dancing and music.&nbsp; With an excited smile on her face, she stepped clear of the barn and headed to the house to put on one of her good dresses.&nbsp; The moment she was within reach, the hired man hiding in the bushes beside the barn door leapt out and clapped a strong hand over her mouth, muffling any screams.&nbsp; Clamping his other arm around her waist, he lifted her off her feet and hauled her back in the barn.

Out of her mind with terror, Melina kicked and squirmed and repeatedly tried to bite the hand clamped across her face, but it was useless.&nbsp; His palm was covered in thick calluses, probably from cutting wood and plowing fields, and her teeth had little effect.&nbsp; Because she was petite and slender, probably weighing less than 120 pounds, her assailant had little trouble managing her.

Leaving the door wide open, the man tossed her into the straw face first and used the moment it took Melina to roll over to loosen his trousers before dropping to his knees straddling her hips.&nbsp; Using his superior weight to effectively pin her down in the hay, he pulled a hunting knife out of his boot and pressed it to his squirming victim's throat.

Melina instantly stilled, her heart hammering like a drum in her chest.&nbsp; "Please, good sir, please..." She whispered, trailing off.

Smiling wickedly, the man flipped the blade over, pressing the dull side against her breast bone, the sharp point aimed toward her virginal cunt. He took a moment to savor Melina's expression before sliding the blade down, between her breasts and across her stomach, slicing the laces of her bodice wide open.&nbsp; 

The instant her dress split open Melina turned her head to the side and squeezed her eyes shut.&nbsp; Though she was a virgin and not really educated in matters of the bedroom, she knew enough to understand what was about to happen to her.&nbsp; The man with the knife was stronger than she, and the knife itself was razor sharp and gleamed wickedly in the light that filtered in from the open doors.&nbsp; Clenching her fists in the straw and gritting her teeth, Melina braced herself for the inevitable, hoping to survive without being maimed or killed.

The man shoved Melina's outer dress off her shoulders and down to her waist, revealing the soft linen of her shift, which was thin enough that the dark outline of her nipples could be seen right through it.&nbsp; He knotted his fists in the delicate fabric near her neck and ripped the shift from neck to hem, baring her firm breasts.&nbsp; In today's standards they were easily a C-cup, despite her slender figure, covered in creamy white skin and capped with dusky nipples that pebbled in the air. Taking a moment to indulge himself in those beauteous breasts, he lowered his head to first one nipple, then the other, sucking at the sweet flesh gently at first, then harder.

Strange sensations filtered through Melina's belly down to the secrets hidden at the joining of her thighs, but she strove to remain indifferent, clenching her fists tightly in the straw.

The man lifted his weight from her body long enough to shred the rest of her skirt and shove her legs wide apart.&nbsp; Melina didn't resist, but she didn't help him either, and it took him a minute to get her legs in the position he wanted.&nbsp; Long and strong with soft supple skin and the barest dusting of pale hair, her legs were a wonder almost equal to her breasts and the man stole another moment to admire them before settling himself between them with her knees resting on his elbows so he could push them up as high as he wanted.&nbsp; 

"Raise your arms you dumb cunt," he growled, the only words he spoke the entire time, and Melina relucantly complied, raising her arms above her head so he could push her knees up beneath her armpits. The position was not painful, but neither was it comfortable.&nbsp; Melina kept her eyes squeezed shut, trying to shut out this horrific experience.

Using his superior weight to hold them there, he freed his swollen cock from his trousers and pressed against her naked sex. Melina jerked at the unfamiliar sensation, and groaned in horror, praying with all her might that she might be rescued.&nbsp; That was not to be, though. She felt the muscles in his shoulders bunch and he thrust his hips forward, forcing his cock into her dry sex a couple inches.&nbsp; 

Grunting, he pulled out and leaned back, hawked up a nasty mouthful of saliva and phlegm, and spit directly onto her sex, drawing another horrified sound from his hapless victim.&nbsp; He then resumed his position and thrust into her again, his member feeling enormous as it made it's way slowly into her tight pussy.&nbsp; Pausing as soon as he felt the pressure of her maidenhead against his cock, he pulled back almost all the way, then thrust his cock into her, all the way up to the hilt.

Melina's eyes flew open as fire lanced through her belly and she howled in pain.&nbsp; It felt as though he would split her in two!&nbsp; The man took a moment from his own pleasure to slap her across the face and Melina's screams dwindled into tortured sobs as her assailant fucked her relentlessly.&nbsp; He didn't hold back and reached his orgasm quickly, spraying a hot jet of cum into her sex, the pulled out and sprayed a second jet on her hairy cunt, then several more across her belly and breasts before letting the last bit trail onto her face.&nbsp; Using her silky soft hair to wipe his cock clean, he stood up, adjusted his clothing and spoke again.&nbsp; "Don't move."

Melina lay in the hay, limp and sobbing, covered in cum and hay and dirt, her hands covering her face.

The hired man grabbed some rope from a hook beside the horse's stall and roughly tied her hands together, then tied the rope to a nearby beam, leaving his victim naked in the hay.

Gathering up her tattered clothes, he carried them to a bag he had stashed in the bushes and shoved them inside, then pulled out a bottle of precious ink and a paintbrush.&nbsp; This man was valuable to the lord because he had the rare ability to write, and he used it, writing "whore" across his victim's naked breasts.&nbsp; Then he packed up his supplies and left Melina alone and naked in the barn, covered in semen and her virgin's blood, with whore written across her chest.&nbsp; 



Meanwhile, Melina's father sent a neighbor back to the house to find out what was keeping his daughter.&nbsp; It was there he found her, naked and sobbing.&nbsp; Shocked by the sight, the neighbor had to think a moment before deciding what to do.&nbsp; Leaving her exactly as he found her, despite her pleas, the neighbor ran to the church first to fetch the priest, then to Melina's father.



Melina was curled up in the hay, trying to keep herself warm in the cooling air when the priest arrived.&nbsp; An older, zealous man, the priest was horrified by what he saw.&nbsp; "What have you done, foolish woman?"&nbsp; He cried.

Sobbing, Melina protested, "Please Father, a strange man forced me..." But her words were lost in the uproar behind her as her father arrived.

Taking in the scene before him he was filled with rage.&nbsp; "You witch!&nbsp; You have shamed this family!"&nbsp; For the first time in her life, her papa raised his hand and slapped Melina across her face.

"Papa, please!"&nbsp; Melina sobbed, trying to hide her nakedness by clenching her thighs together and pulling her knees up toward her chest.

Snarling in righteous fury, the priest forced her knees apart and revealed the blood stained on her inner thighs and the straw beneath her.&nbsp; 

"Slut!" Screamed Papa, slapping her face again.

Melina sobbed and hid her face in her arms, weeping in humiliation, pain and fear.

The priest pushed her knees down, revealing the writing across her chest and the semen drying on her belly, breasts, hair and face.&nbsp; "Whore!"&nbsp; He cried and untied the rope from the beam, then yanked Melina to her feet.&nbsp; 

"We must bring her before the Lord for punishment!"

After kicking his daughter in rage, Papa threw a rough woolen blanket around her shoulders and shoved her toward the door.&nbsp; 

A crowd had gathered outside the barn, whispers and murmurs turned to horrified gasps and laughter when Meline was dragged out before them, covered in a horse blanket with bound wrists.&nbsp; The priest raised his hands to quiet the crowd and they stilled almost instantly, waiting for his pronouncement.&nbsp; "This young woman has been lead astray by the devil, she is a wanton and a whore!"&nbsp; 

The crowd gasped and Melina turned her head away, begging God to make the entire scene a nightmare.&nbsp; Her long brown curls had come loose from the simple braid she had worn to milk the cows and was full of hay and dirt, but it fell over her face, breasts and belly, and acted as a sort of shield from the animosity directed at her by the crowd.

People she had known all her life, friends and neighbors and even former suitors, called out suggestions for punishment, everything from a public flogging to a witch burning, but the priest again raised his hands for quiet.

"It is not for us to decide Melina's punishment.&nbsp; His Lordship will be notified and he will make the decision, in the meantime, Melina will be put in the stocks."

Melina's head popped up and she stared at the priest in horror.&nbsp; "No, please!&nbsp; I was forced, it was rape!&nbsp; Please!"

"Shut up whore!"&nbsp; Papa struck her yet again, snapping her head back.

Melina subsided into panicked sobs as she was dragged through town.



...to be continued....



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  easyrider27


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





