BDSM Library - Caught Again




Caught Again
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Shannon is a single mother doing the best she can with her young son. Until he's caught shop lifting. She soon discovers that the security guard and herself share something in common, a past relationship. She quickly gets swept up in rediscovering her submissive side.






Caught Again 
By Shannon Cole 

Chapter 1 

The first day of school is something I always dreaded as a child. Now, being the parent, I couldn't wait for it to start again. My 10 year old son, Nathan, had other ideas on the subject. He whined at me as I herded him into the car to do some clothes shopping. "Awwww Mom, I don't want to back to school!" "Sorry Kiddo, it's the law!" I cheerfully replied, getting into the car. After glancing in the mirror to make sure he had buckled himself in, we started off towards the local K-mart. 

As I drove, I listed the things we'd need to pick up while there. "Ok Nat, we have to get you some new sneakers, a few pairs of shorts, underwear, and new t-shirts. I'll let you pick out some of the T-shirts okay?" I glanced back in the rearview mirror at his sullen face. He was staring out the window with his arms crossed over his chest. I sighed to myself. Nat had the same look on his face that his Father got when stubborn about something. Turning my attention back to the road, I started listing more back to school supplies. "We'll also have to pick up some new pencils, folders, notebooks, a lunchbox and some crayons." Nat snapped back at me this time, "I'm not a baby! Babies use crayons. I want colored pencils." Well at least he was back to talking to me. "Okay then, colored pencils it is." 

I turned into the parking lot and maneuvered my bulky van into the closest spot I could find. Surveying the parking lot, I muttered under my breath about the place being a mad house. As Nat and I entered the store, I looked around and decided that yes, this was a mad house. I pointed off to the right side of the store and told Nat to pick out the supplies he wanted while I started finding clothes. He grumpily nodded and walked over in that direction. Sighing to myself I grabbed a cart and headed over to the boys clothing section. 

I propped my purse up in the infant seat area of the cart and started rummaging through racks looking for clothing in Nathan's size. I had just triumphantly pulled a pair of pants in the right size off of the rack when he returned. Glancing at the pile of school supplies thrown haphazardly into the cart, I spotted something else. "Sorry Nat, this trip is for school supplies only. If you get good marks first quarter we'll come back and get it then." I retrieved the small handheld video game out of the cart and handed it back to him. "Put this back where you found it and we'll pick out your shirts." The look he gave me could have melted the paint off of the walls. Shaking my head sadly, I returned my attention back to the clothing racks. If this was what being a single parent consisted of, I wanted none of it. 

I heard Nat return, his old sneakers squeaking against the polished floor. Glancing over, I saw him digging around in my purse. "My pack gum is in the little pocket on the outside Sweetie, if that's what you're looking for." Nat grunted at me and swiftly pulled out the pack of gum. He popped a piece in his mouth and came over to where I was standing with my arms loaded with clothes. Together we picked out a few new shirts, he even laughed at one of the goofy ones I let him pick out. Laughter, it had been a while since I'd heard him laugh. Maybe we would make it after all, just him and me. Nat behaved himself wonderfully as I had him try on all of the new clothes, not even complaining about me coming into the dressing room with him. 

Once I was satisfied that all of the clothes fit him well, we went over to the shoe department and picked out a new pair of sneakers for him. We finally had everything and headed over to the checkout. The pale teen with the obviously dyed black hair behind the counter looked bored as she quickly scanned the items and dumped them unceremoniously into a bag. The cashier finished bagging all of our purchases and totaled the sale. "That'll be $147.62." I whistled through my teeth at the price, but pulled my wallet out of my back pocket. I may carry a purse, but it's so much safer to keep your wallet on your person at all times. I handed her the credit card and prayed it wasn't over the limit. To my joy it wasn't. As she handed me my receipt, I glanced at her nametag. "Thank you Mina." She looked surprised but managed a "You're welcome." 

Nat and I headed for the door when a hand rested on my shoulder, causing me to flinch and jerk away from it. "Ma'am I'm going to need to check your purse." The look on my face must have been one of shock, my mind rapidly tried to explain a hundred different reasons why he would be stopping us. The security guard gave me a grim smile and nodded towards the purse. I had no idea what was going on, still desperately trying to make sense of it, but handed him the purse anyway. I knew that I hadn't put anything in there. My heart nearly dropped to the floor when I saw him pull out the video game that Nat had tried slipping in with his supplies. "Nathan Michael Cole," I began to yell, barely paying any attention to the security guard. The guard cleared his throat and said that we should go to the back room to discuss it. I grabbed Nat's shoulder and roughly guided him, following the security guard. When we got to the dingy back room the security guard turned and closed the door so that the three of us were alone. He pulled out a note pad and had me tell him my name, address and phone number. I spouted off the information he requested, still too stunned that my son had tried to steal something. The guard cleared his throat and said, "Ma'am I'm going to have to completely search your belongings and bags to make sure nothing more has been taken." I nodded at him barely paying attention to a word he was saying, all the while glaring at Nat and telling him how much trouble he would be in when we got home. The security guard took his time slowly rifling through my purse and our shopping bags, making sure that only items purchased where in them. When he was satisfied with that, he turned back towards us. I was caught in mid-yell, with my finger shaking and pointing at Nat, whom still had not said a word. I let out an exasperated sigh and turned back to the guard. 

The security guard was standing there with his hands folded over his chest, trying very hard to hide a smirk that had the corners of his mouth twitching. I don't know what came over me, Lord I really don't. I was so angry and frustrated at Nat that I lost my temper and strode towards the guard, jabbing my finger into his chest. "And what do YOU think is so funny about this?" I demanded. The twitch disappeared as he quickly grabbed my wrists and using one hand to pin my right arm behind my back, used the other to adeptly start fastening handcuffs around my left wrist. The guard then grabbed my right arm and I felt the cool metal slide around my wrist seconds before I heard the familiar click of the lock fastening. He guided me over to a chair and forcefully, but gently pushed me down into it. "Stay." He commanded me. I glared at him angrily, and shouted "I am NOT a dog, how dare you speak to me that way!" 

The guard shot me such a look that I immediately regretted my words and sat quietly watching. He walked over and knelt down in front of where I had sat Nat and looked him straight in the eyes. "What's your name son?" he asked in a gentle tone of voice. Nat looked over at me, fear written across his face and I nodded at him to continue. "Naaa Naaaat, Nathan. Nathan Cole" He managed to stammer out. "Well Nathan Cole, do you understand what's going on here?" the guard asked him. Nat nodded his head slowly and replied, "I put a video game in Mom's purse even though she said I couldn't have it." The guard nodded again and asked, "And why is that a bad thing Nathan?" Nat swallowed and answered, "Because you have to buy it." The guard firmly caught Nat's gaze and said, "Do you know what happens when you steal something Nathan?" 

I could see the look of recognition spreading across Nat's face. He had just realized what he had done. "If I steal, Mom will get mad at me, and I'll go to jail." Nat answered slowly. The guard smiled at Nat and stood up. The guard opened another door in the room and flipped on the light, revealing what looked to be a staff break room. "Nathan, I want you to sit in here for a minute while I talk to your Mom." He instructed Nat. Nat jumped up from his chair and practically ran into the room. He plopped down onto the couch and sat looking expectantly at us as the guard shut the door, turning back to me. He gestured for me to stand and turn around, and I could see he'd gotten the keys for the cuffs out of his pocket. I sighed and said as I stood and turned around, "Nat isn't a bad kid, he's been acting out a lot lately and I know my divorce has really done a number on him. He realizes what he's done was wrong. What will I have to do, pay for the game, a fine, or something like that?" 

The guard didn't answer my question. I felt him move behind me, with one hand on my arm, but to my shock and dismay, his other hand rested on my hip. I felt him move in closer, his chest brushing against my back, lowering his head so that his face was next to my ear. My heart started racing and all I could think of was oh my god he's going to assault me. I started to lift up my leg to kick backwards, hopefully catching him in the knee or something, when his gentle voice stopped me. He softly whispered in my ear, "It's been a long time since I've seen you Shannon. You still look as divine as ever. You don't seem to even remember me, but I certainly remember you." 

That voice. It made my heart stop and then start pounding so fast and loudly that I could feel it with every muscle in my body. Had I been so lost in my own problems and worries that I hadn't recognized the familiar tones of that voice? I trembled slightly and whispered, "Barry?" The low chuckle from deep in his throat spread a rush of warmth through my entire being as he slowly turned me around and gazed into my eyes. His hazel eyes had always seemed to pierce through clear into my soul when I was forced to look into them. Time had not changed that. He grabbed my hip tightly, pulling me into himself, his other hand sliding through the strands of my hair, guiding my lips towards his own. My body melted against his as he kissed me, all of the nerves in my body responding, sending a tingle down my spine that was so intense that I swore sparks flew off of the handcuffs. As I inhaled his clean scent, all of the memories, emotions and desires flooded back to me as though someone had broken a dam deep within my soul. 

Just as the tears were threatening to spill from my eyes, he broke the kiss, pulling back so that I could see him. He'd gotten older, not that I hadn't as well I ruefully reminded myself. Gone was the look of innocence that he'd once had. The man who stood before me now was still as handsome and rugged, but was now coupled with confidence making him look like a completely different person than he had so many years ago. The lust burning in his eyes was the same as I had remembered. They still brightly reflected everything he was, everything he had to offer. 

Barry put his hands on my shoulders and turned me around, slowly unfastening the cuffs that bound my wrists behind my back. When they were free, I turned and hugged him, a thousand questions burning in my brain. He smiled at me and said, "I recognized you as soon as you walked in the door. You're still so beautiful. You didn't notice it, but I followed you while you shopped. When I saw your son try to pawn the game, I had to take my chance. I needed to reconnect one more time with you." Nat! How could I forget about my son! I quickly ran over to peer through the glass into the room where he waited. Nat was flipping through a discarded video game magazine, unaware of what had transpired on the other side of the door. 

I turned back to Barry, desperately trying to regain control of my racing heart. I shyly looked up at him, trying to act like the adult I now was. "What are you going to do about the video game?" I asked, not daring to look into his eyes. Barry took a step forward and tilted my chin up so that I was looking at him again. He smiled at me and replied, "Nothing. I'm going to let Nathan off with a warning. Has his Mother forgotten that I did the same for her all those years ago?" I blushed furiously, and answered, "If I'm not mistaken, when his Mother was caught she was given the choice of being turned over to the police or turned over the knee of a certain security guard." 

Barry grinned back down at me. "She has the same choice now. I found that game in HER purse, not on her son's possession. The difference this time is that she also has to promise to speak with her son about the consequences of stealing." Honestly, up until that point, I did not think that I could have blushed more. I was wrong. I started to speak, "Barry, things are different now, I�" His finger pressed against my lip stopped me as he spoke. "One last time Shannon and I promise to be gone from your life for good." My body was betraying my mind. My heart knew, my body knew. I had never stopped loving this man, never stopped loving and needing my Master. I nodded slowly, giving into my own needs and desires. 

He smiled at me and said sternly, "Tonight then. Your son should spend some time with his Father. Do you remember how to greet me?" I slowly and deliberately nodded, feeling more alive than I had for many years whispered back, "Yes Master." He proudly looked down at me and patted my rear as he walked over to get Nat from the other room. 

As he walked us to the car he spoke again to Nat. "Now young man, I don't ever want to hear of you doing anything else like this again, or next time you will not get away with it so easily." Nat nodded as solemnly as a ten year old could and said "I won't ever do it again." As I closed the car door once Nat was inside, Barry whispered to me, "Seven PM pet, make me proud." 

I confess that I drove home in a daze. I vaguely remember talking to Nat about what had happened, and how I wanted him to stay out of trouble. I remember calling Nat's Father and talking to him about it, and getting him to agree to take Nat for the night. Thank the gods for small favors. In a daze I kissed my son goodbye and told my ex-husband to go easy on Nat, as I had already grounded him for the incident. 

It felt automatic as I prepared for Him. I went to the bathroom and carefully showered, letting the hot water soak into each muscle, and then taking my razor and shaving away every trace of body hair below my neck. My fingers must have trembled when I brushed my hair out and tightly braided it into a long single braid down my back. I know I felt as giddy as a child in a candy store as I smoothed out the sheet on my bed and went to the closet for the old shoe box that had gathered dust for years. I will never forget the smell of the old dusty leather as I parted the soft wrapping inside of the box and pulled out my collar. It had lain for so long, and yet had been crafted so finely that the leather was still soft and supple. It curved naturally around my neck, the cool metal of its single ring brushing lightly against my skin. I remember trembling as I pulled out the only other item from the box. A long solidly crafted wooden hairbrush emerged and I held it to my nose, inhaling its scent before resting it on the night stand by the bed. My heart and soul must have known, though my brain was not fully ready to accept it when I threw away the now empty box, instead of placing it back on its shelf where it had sat gathering dust, nothing more than a memory for me, till now. 

I nervously drew my robe around me and went about the house closing the blinds. Ten minutes to seven, I clicked the answering machine over to field all calls. Five minutes to seven, I started pacing the rooms. As the first bell from the clock struck Seven PM, I stood behind the door, waiting. The first gong, my muscles are tense. The second gong, my stomach starts doing flips. The third gong, my mind is screaming I cannot do this. The fourth gong, the first drop of arousal starts to slide from my slit, dripping down my thighs. The fifth gong, I realize my nipples are hard, erect nubs, throbbing with desire. The sixth gong, I hear a car pull up and freeze in place. The seventh gong, I hold my breath. 

How many seconds standing there had passed I do not know, will never know. My breath rushed out of my lungs when He knocked, two sure and strong knocks against the front door, one for the past, one for the present. I breathe slowly and open the door. He enters and closes the door behind Him, as he turns to face me, my robe falls away from my shoulders and I kneel with my legs parted. My pounding heart is making the ring on my collar vibrate slightly as I bow my head and interlock my fingers behind my neck, feeling the smooth leather of my collar. My voice does not sound like my own ringing in my ears as I say to Him, "Welcome home Master."









Caught Again 
By Shannon Cole 
Chapter 2: Reborn Again 


My heart pounded in my ears as Master took his time inspecting me, slowly walking around my body as I trembled. It felt as though my body shook with each step he took, slowly circling me, becoming reacquainted with my body. Once, twice, three times he slowly circled. It took all the willpower my body possessed not to break my position and pounce on him. Had it really been that many years since I had knelt in this position, so exposed and vulnerable? My mind felt as though it had been racing for an eternity, desperately wanting his return to be permanent and knowing that I was being too greedy with my desire for him. 

I had just determined to myself that I would enjoy his presence while it lasted and that I would regret nothing, when Master stopped in front of me finally. I knelt there shivering under the power of his gaze. My attention was now riveted on his shoes, tattered old sandals. I had forgotten his love of them and the realization of the familiarity of this scene, this act, made me smile to myself. He reached down and patted my head, stroking away the lose piece of hair that had fallen in front of my eyes. He uttered one word, "Stay." 

As he moved away from me, I could hear him pick up the bag he'd dropped in front of the door and walk away. Moments later I heard the creak of the stairs as he started walking up them, and then nothing. I was once again lost in my own thoughts. I wanted desperately to move and stretch my muscles as they began to grow tight, but my former training had already set in and I knelt there, closing my eyes and getting lost in remembrance. 

I was just starting to get to the point where I could not have held my position any longer when I heard the telltale creaking of the steps again, knowing he was returning. He stood in front of me again and attached a leash to the ring on my collar saying, "Follow me little pet. You may walk, but keep your hands in position." I slowly rose up onto my feet, groaning softly as my knees cracked, wobbling a bit as I tried to steady myself. Once I was steady, Master jerked on the leash enough to indicate for me to follow him, but not enough to make me falter. 

He led me up the stairs slowly and headed straight for my bedroom, pausing at its entrance. "My pet, do you remember our safe words?" I nodded my head as my heart beat faster, answering, "Yellow for caution and Red for stop Master." I don't know if he intended to do it, but he suddenly swept me up in his arms and held me tight. As he broke the embrace, He smiled at me and said, "Then it begins pet." 

My eyes widened in surprise as he led me into the room. My bedroom barely resembled its former self, the light smell of vanilla washing over me as I entered. The room itself was bathed in warm candle light. My bed had been pulled away from the wall, the blankets and sheets removed, and four leather straps and cuffs were now attached to the short posts of the frame. Lain across my dresser was an assortment of gags, plugs, vibrators and clamps. A chair sat in the middle of the room, and on its seat sat several paddles and a flogger. My skin prickled in excitement and nerves. 

It felt as though I must have jumped a mile when his hand suddenly caressed my ass, though in reality I know I must have only jerked in surprise. He let go of the leash, letting it fall between my breasts as the end of it rested on the floor. He moved behind me and grabbed my ass cheeks in his hands and squeezed them roughly, whispering in my ear, "Your skin is far too pale my pet, it's time we warm your cheeks and remind you what color they are supposed to be." He walked over to the chair and picked up the toys from it, placing them on the floor before settling into it. He snapped his fingers and I quickly moved over to stand in front of him. My head was still bowed, my arms, long since grown tired, still locked in place behind my head. He reached up and twisted my right nipple, then the left, causing me to quickly inhale. I could hear the low chuckle deep in his throat, and knew that so far, my reactions were pleasing to him. 

He patted his lap and I quickly moved so that I leaned across his lap. My nose almost brushed against the floor where the paddles and floggers lay, the scent of the leather from the flogger permeating my senses. I felt his hands roam over the smooth planes of my ass, a firm pinch occasionally as I let my mind drift, trying to mentally prepare for the physical endurance I was about to face. I had just cleared my mind of all other thoughts when suddenly his hand came crashing down upon my left cheek. I jerked slightly and said, "One Master." He used his other hand, pulling my hips closer to himself when the next smack came to my right cheek, "Two Master." His next blow connected in the center between both cheeks and I grimaced before saying, "Three Master." 

Master continued to spank me with his hand as I counted out the blows for Him. When I said, "50 Master," I braced myself for the next one, dangerously close to tears. Instead, I felt His hand gently rubbing my skin. His touch felt cool compared to my skin, which was already starting to lose the stinging feeling, which was quickly replaced by an itching throbbing feeling. He placed his hand on the small of my back, steadying Himself as He leaned down and selected a paddle from the toys on the floor. 

I felt the coolness of the smooth wood tracing over my ass, my muscles involuntarily tightening. He pinched my thigh and as I jerked, the paddle came down on my upturned cheeks. I whimpered at that first stroke saying, "One Master." He pinched my other thigh, and as I squirmed, the paddle came down on my cheeks again, "Two Master." I felt the paddle rise off my cheeks again, but this time, as it connected with my flesh striking both cheeks at once, he reached between my legs and pinched the lips of my slit together. Embarrassed at the arousal I could feel dripping from my lips, I softly said, "Three Master." I heard him sigh softly again, finally becoming aware of the hardness of his cock pressing against my belly. 

"For now my pet, I want you to count in your head. Do not lose count, for I will ask when I am done. Be as silent as you possibly can," He instructed me. I nodded my head answering, "Yes my Master." The next blow came barely after the word Master had escaped my lips and I groaned loudly, quickly biting my lip, determined not to make another sound. He alternated between my cheeks at random, sometimes hitting one, then the other, then both at the same time. I almost lost count once or twice when he hit the same spot in rapid succession. I was fighting back the tears in my eyes again when a particularly hard blow striking both cheeks at once, causing the tears to fall, and me to scream out. 

He dropped the paddle to the floor, and started massaging my aching ass. I sighed and relaxed as his hands slid from my ass, feeling his nails gently racking across my thighs. His touch made me quiver even more as one of his fingers slowly traced along my lips, slowly pushing between them. I stiffened as his fingernail slowly, teasingly scrapped across my clit. My mind screamed out, wanting more, needing his touch to push me over the edge, all the while knowing that he would allow me to orgasm when he decided it was time. My groan turned into a moan as Master removed his finger, leaning down and pushing it into my mouth. I enthusiastically cleaned his finger off, licking away my own juices, tasting the sweet muskiness of myself. 

As he removed his finger from my mouth, he patted my rear and said, "Bed little one, spread eagle, now." I quickly hopped up off of his lap and walked over to the bed. I lay across it and positioned myself so that my arms and legs were near the restraints. Master stood and walked over to me, taking his time fastening the cuffs so that they were tight, but not too tight. Before he attached the ankle cuffs, He had me raise my hips so that he could place a firm pillow beneath them. Once all of the cuffs were on my wrists and ankles, he walked around the bed tightening each of the straps so that I was stretched tightly. Master leaned down over the headboard and unfastened the leash that was still attached to my collar. I whimpered as a pair of clamps came into view. 

Master frowned disapprovingly and grabbed both of my nipples, twisting them roughly as my back tried to arch to alleviate the pain. "Your body is MINE little one. Do not think that your moans and whimpers have an effect on me," He sternly warned. I nodded my head slowly and whispered, "Yes Master." He pushed one end of the clamps through the ring in my collar, pulling it through till the center of the chain hung from the ring. He cupped my left breast and pulled it up towards the clamp. Picking up the clamp with his other hand, he fastened it to my nipple, and released his hold of the breast. I moaned as the weight of my breast tried to pull the nipple back to its natural resting place, but the clamp bit fast, pulling the nipple up high. Master repeated the process with my right breast, and then stepped back to watch me squirm, as each time I exhaled it caused the clamps to pull more. 

Master walked over to the dresser and selected an anal plug, a vibrator and something else which I could not see. He eased his way onto the bed, sitting carefully between my legs. He placed the items between my stretched legs and grinned up at me with a wicked grin. Master picked up the first object and showed it to me. It was the anal plug, which appeared to be small enough for me to be able to easily take it. He first slid it deep inside of my slit, lubricating it on my own arousal. He pumped the plug several times in and out of my slit before removing it and positioning it at my puckered asshole. I moaned with desire as he slowly slid it into me. It had been years since I'd had anything plugging me in that way. He remembered though. My body remembered. Each inch that slid inside of me felt delicious. As the plug slowly slid home, Master watched my facial expressions as my moaning increased and my hips twitched from pleasure. 

Master winked at me, and I felt the plug inside of me grow. I had not realized that it was inflatable and as it continued to grow, I could feel my arousal gush from my slit. When I grimaced slightly, Master asked me, "Is that your limit my pet?" "Yes Master, I do not think I could take anymore," I half answered, half panted back. He grinned evilly at me and gave the pump on the plug one last squeeze, causing me to scream out slightly. 

He reached between my legs again, and I soon felt the cool smoothness of a vibrator being pushed into my slit. I moaned and tried to grind my hips against it, but my bonds would not allow me that much movement. I nearly screeched with pleasure and pain as that too began to inflate. Master was watching my face the entire time and stopped pumping it up when my telltale grimace appeared. 

"One more thing my pet," his voice sang out, breaking me from my concentration on the two monsters that now filled me. He held up a butterfly vibrator and used one hand to hold it in position while the others attached its straps around my thighs. I closed my eyes, tensing and releasing my muscles around the plugs, feeling the rubber knobs on the butterfly lightly brush against my clit. I was lost in the feeling of the plugs when I screamed out from sudden pain streaking across my chest from one breast to the other. Master had removed the clamps from my nipples both at one time. I had been so lost in other sensations that I had forgotten about them and had not noticed him stand up. 

He reached into his back pockets, and brought out two items. The first I recognized as our old hair brush that I had lain out on the nightstand. The other I did not recognize, but it looked like some sort of remote control. I quickly learned that it was indeed a remote. Master smiled his wicked grin at me, and pressed the first button. The plug in my ass started to vibrate. The vibrations were soft enough not to drive me over the edge, but enough to keep my desire slowly building, teasing. He pressed the second button next, and the vibrator in my slit came to life, its intensity the same as the plug in my ass. I whimpered as the butterfly remained off, still pressed against my throbbing clit, still teasing. He grinned and put the control back into his pocket and picked up the hair brush. 

Master sat down on the edge of the bed near my side, and slowly traced around my breasts with the bristles of the hairbrush. The sensation was light and almost tickled me. I have a bad habit of closing my eyes and getting lost in those sensations, because as soon as I did, Master quickly hit the side of my breast with the flat part of the brush. I moaned and said, "One Master." He reached over and placed a finger across my lips, "Don't count this time pet. Just get lost in the feelings I am building in you. Remember who you are." 

I nodded and smiled at him as I closed my eyes again. I let my mind focus on the plugs, the vibrations, the feelings as he hit my breasts with the hairbrush. My body jerked and danced around within its restraints with each impact. My body had become a solid stream of pain and pleasure. As I panted faster, moans escaping from my lips, he stopped using the hair brush. I only noticed that he had stopped when the vibrations from the plugs stopped. Master stood up and picked up a candle from the nightstand. I whimpered softly, half out of fear, half out of desire as he came over and kneeled over my breasts with the candle. I held my breath as he slowly tipped the candle. I could smell the vanilla scent before I saw the first drip of wax start to fall, watching almost as if time had stopped. I followed the drop, drawing in my breath as it splashed against my sore breast, the heat from the wax taking a second to register in my brain. I cried out a few seconds later when it did. Master moved the candle and let another drop fall on my other breast. I cried out again and tried to wriggle away, desperately pulling at my bonds, feeling each impact of heat as the wax hit my skin. Master's voice broke through my moans and cries, "DO NOT CUM." He rapidly pressed another button on the remote and both plugs and the butterfly came to life, vibrating harder and much more insistent than before. 

Master continued to coat my breasts with the wax, though I admit that I barely noticed it at this point. My entire focus was on the vibrations and forcing my body to hold off. I had almost reached the point where I was going to orgasm like it or not when they stopped. My chest was heaving, my skin coated in a layer of sweat, and I could smell my own desire permeating the air, when Master asked, "How many times did the paddle spank you my pet?" I rapidly searched my brain for the answer, gulped and prayed that I was correct, "57 times Master." He looked sternly down at me and I felt my heart drop, realizing that I must have miscounted. He leaned down and fiercely growled in my ear, "Cum my slut," and the vibrators roared to life inside of me. It must have taken less than a second for me to cum. My body went rigid as my muscles spasmed around the plugs, the butterfly hammering away at my engorged clit mercilessly. As I rode out the wave of pleasure, the vibrating increased again, and my body was lost as another orgasm crashed down upon me. I have no idea for how long I lay there shaking. It seemed endless. Finally the vibrations stopped and my body collapsed. Through the haze I vaguely remember smiling up at him and saying, "Thank You Master." 

I must have passed out from exhaustion, for the next thing I remember is waking in bed, with my head resting against his chest, all of my bonds removed. He had undressed and was softly playing with my hair while watching me sleep. He smiled at me and hugged me closely against his body. As he hugged me, I became aware of his hard cock pressing against my hip. Suddenly shy, I whispered into his chest, "Master may your little pet please suck on your cock." He chuckled and pulled the blanket away from himself. 

Master sat up, resting his back against the headboard as I knelt between his legs. I slowly licked around the head of his cock before licking my lips and lowering my head so that his cock slowly slid inside of my mouth. I kept swallowing as inch after inch slid into my mouth. Once his entire length was in my mouth and throat, my nose pressed against his groin, I paused. I held every inch inside of my mouth, swallowing around him, so that the muscles of my throat gripped his cock tightly. I slowly counted to 30 in my head, my hot breath rapidly hitting his groin as I breathed through my nose. When I had counted to 30, I slowly started to slide the length of his cock in and out of my mouth. My tongue flicked and rubbed along the underside each time it slid back in. I tightened my lips and sucked harder each time his cock withdrew from my throat. When I noticed Master's breath start to get ragged, I used the palm of my hand to slowly start massaging his balls. As his moans got louder, I briefly pulled back to suck just on the swollen head of his cock, using my tongue to flick at the slit. He moaned loudly as I did so and grabbed my head, pushing down on it as his hips thrust upwards. I heard him scream out seconds before I felt his hot cum hit the back of my throat. I kept swallowing as he came, briefly tasting the tangy muskiness of his cum. I kept my mouth impaled upon his cock, gently sucking until his spasms stopped 

When he released his grip on my head and collapsed back, I slowly slid his cock out of my mouth, using my tongue to lick and clean every inch of it as I did so. I swallowed the last few drops of his sticky cum before permitting his cock to leave my mouth. I licked my lips and smiled up at him. He slid back down on the bed and patted his chest. I crawled back up to him and nuzzled close as he pulled the blankets around us. Just before I drifted back off to sleep I whispered, "Thank You Master." 










Caught Again 
By Shannon Cole 
Chapter 3: Whole Again 



I awoke feeling a bit stiff and sore. I rolled over, wanting to nuzzle against him, only to find that he was not in bed. I rose from the bed and looked around. Gone were all of the toys and candles. Reaching up to touch my throat, I realized that the collar was gone. I choked back a sob as I saw my robe hanging on the doorknob. I reasoned to myself that just because he had brought it up from the floor downstairs that it didn't mean he had left. I knew better though. I looked around the house for any sign of him. I found none. I started to cry as I entered the kitchen, the aroma of fresh coffee greeting me. He'd thoughtfully left a pot of coffee on and I got myself a cup. As I reached into the fridge for the half and half, my heart skipped a beat. There was a note attached to the carton. I quickly ripped the note off and started to read, standing there with the fridge door open. 

Good morning pet. I've left this note where I knew you would find it. Even time can't change your need for coffee first thing in the morning. I'm going to take a guess and say you haven't even finished making it. Stop reading and do so. 

I blushed and giggled to myself as I read the first part of his note. He was right. I was almost overcome with emotion as I realized how well he knew me. He knew every bit of my personality and habits as though they were his own. I put his note in my robe's pocket and quickly finished making my cup of coffee. I took the cup into the living room with me and settled down into my favorite chair. I took one quick sip and pulled his note from my pocket and continued reading, occasionally sipping at the coffee as I did so. 

Good girl. Now you have your coffee to drink while reading my note. Aren't you so lucky to have a Master who knows you? 

I nearly choked on the coffee as I read this line. It was so like him, love and caring tainted with arrogance. 

I'm sorry I had to slip away so early this morning pet, but I had to go to work. You looked so innocent and angelic, as you lay sleeping that I could not bear to wake you up. (Even as I write that I'm laughing at my choice of words.) I will admit that I was tempted to tie you up and let you wake in lovely bondage. I have stashed my bag of toys in the closet in your bedroom. I'll have to come back tonight and retrieve them. I'll be there at 7 p.m. again. I had initially intended for last night to be the last time. Now, I do not desire to let you slip away from me again. That choice however is yours my pet. We had something once. It's still there. I know that our lives have changed and that it will not be easy. If you say yes, I will never let you go again pet. If you say no, I will respect your choice and leave it at that. See you tonight. ~Master 

I took a deep breath and shakily set my cup of coffee down. Forever? My mind reasoned with itself. I love him. I needed him. I have a son. Nathan needs me. How will Nat react to a new man entering my life so soon after his father's departure? How can I be a submissive with a child in the house? Master just reappeared in my life. I don't even know what has changed in his life in the years since I've seen him. 

I spent most of the day in a fog, my brain trying to use reason and logic, while my heart and body yearned for him. I tried reading, but ended up tossing aside the book after having read the same page four times. I was finally able to get lost in cleaning. I crawled around mindlessly scrubbing the kitchen floor, determined to get every speck of dirt up. As I worked, the front door opened, startling me. I looked up just in time to see Nat and my ex-husband tracking dirt across my clean floor. "Couldn't you two have taken your shoes off first?" I groaned at them as I threw the rag playfully at Nat. 

I stood up and hugged Nat, asking him, "Have fun?" Nat nodded and ran off to the living room. I looked awkwardly at my ex-husband before breaking the silence, "Thanks for taking him. After what happened yesterday, I figured some time with his father would be good for him. I hope you weren't too difficult on him?" My ex-husband shook his head and said, "I sat him down and we talked about it man to man. He's having trouble adjusting, but he's a good kid, and I think we just need to make sure he continues to spend more time with both of us to get through this." He gave me a stiff hug and started towards the door, calling to Nat, "I'll see you later Buddy, don't give your Mom too much trouble." Nat waved to his father and returned back to his videogame. 

I showed my ex-husband to the door and went back to scrubbing the fresh dirt off of the floor. I had just about finished when someone knocked on the door twice. "Nat, can you answer that please?" I hollered over to him. I heard him get up and go to the door, and after a moment heard his shaky voice call for me. 

I got up off the floor and walked to the door where Nat stood shaking, Master still standing on the front porch. I had to stifle a giggle, imagining what Nat must be thinking. I invited Master inside. Nat eyed him warily and hid himself behind me. Master chuckled and knelt down in front of me, speaking to Nat, "I'm not here because you're in trouble Nat. I'm also an old friend of your Mom's." Nat looked relieved and I told him he could go back to his game. He smiled and ran back to the living room. 

I motioned to the kitchen and Master followed me. I spoke in hushed tones so that Nat would not overhear. "I need to make dinner and eventually get Nat in bed before we talk, is it ok if we talk after that?" He nodded and kissed my cheek. "What's for dinner?" I laughed and said, "Nat's favorite, hamburgers and macaroni and cheese, which if I recall, is also yours." He chuckled at me. "You know it! I'm going to go see if Nat will let me play that game with him in the meanwhile." I smiled sadly as I watched him retreat into the living room. 

While I prepared dinner, I could hear Nat quizzing Master on all of the video games he knew. I had to chuckle when Master started quizzing Nat back about some of the games. As started to set the table and I could hear the two laughing at each other. I had just started to place the food on the table, and nearly dropped a dish when I heard a scream from the living room. Running in there, my heart nearly stopped as I saw Master fall over and Nat laughing hysterically. "What's going on in here?" I anxiously asked, dropping down to my knees to check on Master. I was shocked to see him smile back up at me. "Everything's fine! Your son just completely demolished me in the game." He sat up laughing and shook a finger at Nat, "Just you wait, someday I'll learn how to play this and then we'll see who is laughing!" I finally dissolved into laugher, realizing that the two were indeed playing around. Between giggles I said, "Ok you two, come on in for dinner." 

Dinner was surreal to me. Everything looked and smelled delicious. We seemed like a perfectly normal family eating. Yet, we weren't even close to being one. All the feelings in my soul overwhelmed me and made the food taste bland and dry in my mouth, even though I knew it was not. I had to smile as Nat and Master competed with each other over who could eat more macaroni in one bite. The both looked dumbfounded when I beat the pair of them. 

After dinner I cleaned up and put the coffee pot on and glanced at the clock. "Nat, your first day of school is tomorrow. You should get to bed early tonight." Nat gave me a grumpy look and was about to argue with me when Master spoke up, "If you don't do well in school Nat, your Mom will have to ground you, and then I'll have no one to play video games with." This made Nat grin and he ran up the stairs towards his room. 

I hugged Master tight and whispered, "Thank You". He smiled at me and kissed my forehead. I followed Nat upstairs and got him tucked into bed. As I was kissing him good night, Nat asked me, "Mom, will he really come back to play games with me?" I smiled softly at my son and replied, "As long as that's what you want Nat, its ok with me." He nodded happily and snuggled against his pillow. I blew him a kiss and headed back downstairs. 

Upon entering the kitchen, I saw that the coffee pot was half empty and that Master was not there. I walked around the house and finally found him sitting on the swing on the back porch. He handed me a cup of coffee as I curled up next to him. After taking a few sips of the bittersweet coffee, I sighed softly and cleared my throat. Master stopped me by placing a finger against my lips, "Its okay pet. I know that your son is the most important thing to you in the world. I wouldn't dare dream of interrupting your life with him." I shook my head and kneeled down in front of him, looking up into his eyes. "Nat is the most important thing in my life. I do not want him to feel alienated having someone so new in his life. But," I took a deep breath. "But you are my Master. You always have been, and always will be. It would be foolish to deny my heart's desire. I've watched how you interact with Nat. He likes you Master. You will not replace him as a father, but with time, I know he will accept you as more than my friend." Master cleared his throat and cupped my chin in his hands. "What are you trying to tell me pet?" 

I flushed bright red, and tried to lower my eyes, but he held onto my chin, forcing me to gaze directly into his eyes. "Master, I," I faltered, wishing I was anyplace else than there at that exact moment. My words came out in a rush. "Master I am saying that I wish to fully commit myself to you, heart, soul, mind and body." Master wiped the tears away from my eyes and though he whispered into my ear, the words went straight to my soul. "Thank you my little one. I will do my best to provide caring and love for not only you, but Nat as well. I know this process will take time, but knowing that you are mine, will make it worth the wait." 

Master drew out a small package from his pocket and opened it in front of me. Inside the box lay a thin silver necklace looking collar. A small silver key lay in the center, between the coils of the collar. He picked the collar up from the box and encircled it around my neck. I could hear the clasp shut as my heart pounced wildly. He paused for a moment, watching me. I'd closed my eyes, feeling the cool metal encircling my neck and feeling as though the world finally made sense to me. 

Master picked up the key and inserted it into the hidden lock on the collar, looking deep into my eyes. "Are you SURE this is what you desire my pet?" I swallowed once before bowing my head and placing my hands behind my head. "I am yours now and forever Master." With those words, he turned the key in the lock and I heard a click as my future was sealed. Master kissed my forehead and as he did so, I could feel a few tears that had fallen from his eyes. 

He removed the key from the lock and unfastened a small chain on his own neck. He slid the key onto the chain and fastened the chain back around his neck. I cannot tell how long I knelt there, our eyes fixed upon each other, sharing our love and commitment without a word. After what seemed like a thousand eternities, he leaned over and scooped me up into his warm arms, holding me tight, whispering into my ear, "We are both finally home my dearest little one." 











Caught Again 
By Shannon Cole 
Epilogue: Alone Again 


Shannon quietly wiped away the tears that were streaming down her eyes with her sleeve. She quickly placed the old tattered journal away on her nightstand so that the ink wouldn't run on its now yellowed pages which contained tales and memories of her life as a submissive. Another sob rose into her throat, threatening to choke her as she allowed herself to fall face forward onto the bed. She sobbed, not caring if anyone heard her, but needing to release the pent up sadness and sorrow that filled her soul. As she cried her hands curled into fists around clumps of the blankets on the bed, her soul yearning to cling to anything and everything. 

When at last the tears had slowed, and her stiff muscles began to relax, She gingerly forced herself to sit upright on the bed. She bit her lip, trying to be strong and force back the tears that threatened to spill from her eyes again. She stood slowly and cautiously took a few steps. Once she was sure of her own feet, Shannon picked up the journal from the nightstand. She gently brushed her fingers along the polished wood of the hair brush that had lain in the same spot since her Master had claimed her again. She moved over to the desk and slowly settled into the chair. As she sat there, Shannon ran her fingers along the delicate silver collar she wore, the familiar pain in her heart as her fingertips brushed against the small lock that kept it permanently around her neck. She opened the journal, its dusty smell permeating the room, and picked up her favorite pen beginning to write. As the tears brimmed in her eyes, she knew this would be the last entry ever made. 

Today is a day that I have known was coming for a long time. Today is the day that I had to finally say goodbye to my Master. He is and was and always will be the Master of my heart, soul and body. I thought I had lost him once before, but he found me again. I would not trade any second of the 39 years since that day. He loved me completely as a wife, a mother, a best-friend, a lover and as his submissive. He restored me so that I was whole, and made life make sense again. He became a second Father to my son, and loved him as though Nathan were His own. Someday I will meet him again, somewhere out in whatever afterlife there is waiting for two soul mates. It is our destiny to remain together for eternity. I will continue on here, knowing that when we meet again, he will say to me, "Welcome home MY pet."




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Shannon J. Cole


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





