BDSM Library - Mum and the Dirty Black Lads




Mum and the Dirty Black Lads
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Bobby's Mum has an outrageous kinky cuckold-sex session as sex slave to his old college buddies.






My Step Mum Teresa has done something new recently; I feel strange about it, cause it wasn't supposed to happen, and who she did it with has surprised me a whole lot! [This is not the first time she's played cuckolding-mom to me, but it's one of the most spontaneous.] By the way, I'm Bob, age 30.



It started when Dad had been home a lot, and of course Mum had to be the good wife again and we couldn't go on the Web about our erotic cuckold-mum/son relationship much, as Dad would have caught us out, obviously. Things were okay, but very boring for Mum, as you can imagine.



Well, I was out in Town one day with Mum, just doing some shopping and behind me I heard an American voice go, "Hey, Bob!"



It was Tony, a black guy from North Carolina in America, who I used to know in college, some ten years back; and we were glad to see each other again, catch up on what was cooking, etc. Mum remembered Tony, as he used to come back to our house some evenings while at college with me, and we used to go over our prep work and practice songs, as it had been a music course we were on.



Tony was known in college for chasing all the women, and at that age I'd been very shy, and I'd blush and clam up when Tony used to introduce himself to any girl he met, going straight in fearlessly and asking her to "Ball", as he put it. I felt embarrassed in front of the girls he'd come straight on to, but I also admired his nerve and macho attitude that a lot of blacks have. He was friendly to me; so I never had felt threatened by his physical size and strength, [he was about 5 feet 10, but very broad, fit and could easily use all the weights on any machine in a gym.] He was nevertheless very cheeky and I recall my Dad disliking the way he'd asked Mum for a cigarette, within 5 minutes of his first visiting our house.



Well, as Tony was an old acquaintance and it didn't occur to me anything could go wrong, I thought nothing of it now, when he just asked me and Mum straight out to buy him coffee and have a chat, etc. So, we were soon chatting in a town cafe, but Mum made me cringe, deflating the macho laddish front I'd tried to put on, when she said I still often sat at home doing nothing in my spare time, and I didn't have enough friends; and wanted Tony to come for a visit sometime again.



I felt exposed as a bit of a wimp by that, but Tony agreed and so my embarrassment left me. He still knew our number and said he'd call up sometime.



Life was busy for me in the meantime, re-starting work again, and I didn't realize Tony had already called us, until Dad had just left one Friday evening for one of his weekends away, leaving me to wonder what Mum would do in his absence. She said Tony was coming at about eight tonight. He had called up while I was out.



Of course, I didn't seriously think anything could happen with Mum; not with her and Tony, anyway; but... it transpired... Mum had PLANS!



Tony rang the bell, and mum sent me to answer. But Tony wasn't alone; he was with Laurence, a black cheeky guy who used to hang round the students back when I knew Tony before. I felt astounded as I let them in and Mum sat them down and ordered me to get them coffee.



As I went in the kitchen, I listened to their talk; Laurence was flirting, and calling my Mum "Babe." which made me squirm and feel jealous. He'd been rumored to be a pimp and people said he'd turned white student girls to prostitution, way back then.



God knows what he was up to these days, but bound to be something shady still. I didn't know if his pimping was true or not, but he was certainly arrogant and sleazy, with his sheepskin jackets, his heavy gold jewelry and his evil-looking little goatee beard. He hung around the city's black town, where the college had been near at that time, and people said he was not a guy to mess with, as he knew some heavy people.



I froze as I poured the coffee; Laurence had just said something about cuckoldry and how hot Mum must be to do that stuff! As I brought the coffee in, feeling weird now, my hands shaking as I gave them the drinks, I gathered from the conversation that when Tony had phoned, Mum had told him about her secret cuckold-mom life! Apparently Tony still hung out with Laurence, who had asked to come along to meet my Mum after Tony told him my Mum might be up for some sex as my cheating, teasing Cuckold-Mom! Now I knew for certain. They were here for one thing only. THEY WANTED TO BALL MY MUM!



Laurence said to Teresa, "So when's your lad going to make himself scarce, then? We'd like to get started!"



Tony added, "Hell yeah why don't you go out somewhere Bob? We got some private and personal business here tonight...Balling your Mom!"



I couldn't believe their cheek!



Laurence continued, "Hey yeah, Teresa, you're a sexy little cow; I think you need a good spanking! I can't wait to get my belt off to you!"



Mum giggled, going, "Ooh, and I haven't even been naughty. You bad man!"



She stroked her behind through her short, sexy black dress and asked him, "Will I be belted through this...Or do I have to take off my dress?"



"You got to take it off, of course!", he laughed!



Mum went, "Oh. What about my panties? Can I leave them on, or...is it my bare bum you want to do it to? Surely not on my Bare Bum?"



He replied, "You know the answer. I'm going to get you with nothing on, and lash your bare ass till the cheeks are red raw! And then...I'll make you spread your ass cheeks for my big dick!"



Mum drew the teasing out further, asking, "And will you want my pink or my brown first?"



He messed about, saying, "I don't know, I haven't decided yet."



They teased me more, suggesting an outside opinion, and asking ME if they should take my Mum's pink pussy or brown dirt box first! I went red as a tomato, saying, "I don't know."



Mum turned to me, smiling, and said, "I reckon it should be my brown, don't you?"



Laurence clapped his hands together, growling, "Great! Brown it is, then! Pity you won't be here to see your Mum taking my dick up her asshole, Bobby!"



Mum explained, "Bob, the lads don't want you here, I'm sorry. You better go out...[then she winked]..."And leave me with the Baddies!" She added she'd call me on my mobile, to let me know she was okay and tell me "how things were going."



Laurence held out a wad of banknotes to me, and told me to go get a hotel room for the night. I didn't want to, but I took it, and though I knew it was probably dirty money, made from his life of crime, I needed somewhere else to stay, - and why should I pay for it myself when these dirty gets were usurping me and taking my home - [and my MUM!] for the night? So I went.



The last thing I heard on going out the door was something unzipping - whether Mum's black evening dress or their fly zips I don't know - and Laurence's voice exulting at whatever it was, with a loud, coarse shout of "WWEEEEAAAYYY-LELL-LELLELLLERRRR!"



He was a fucking tit, really; an absolute prick, but I knew Mum realized that and was all the more turned on to degrade herself with loud, crude and dirty downtown types, who shout like animals and have no civility or morals; and are basically just like wild, insane, disgusting animals!



Laurence's flash sports car was outside, and I walked up the road, got some cigarettes and vodka to keep me calm during the terrible, worrying night ahead, and waited to flag a taxi, but none came for ages. I knew I wanted to sneak back and try to get a look from the back yard. So I did; but there were youths in the alley. They could see me in the back yard, and I knew I could only risk a quick peep, and couldn't stay without risking gossip; or worse, risking them trying to see what I was looking at!



I peeped in through a tiny gap in the curtains...and this is what I saw!



Mum was kneeling naked, between the big nude black guys and their voices sounded like they were really being nasty, bossing her about and taunting her as they waved their fucking enormous ebony erections at her from each side! Her face showed fear, worry and trepidation but her tits revealed her true reactions to it all- her nipples stood out like red excited bullets! She was intensely horny! Then I saw why Mum was so still, kneeling between their standing dominant forms; - she had her hands tied behind her and they'd put leather thongs round her torso, tying her upper breasts flat as it dug into them!



It was the scene of most men's nightmares!



Imagine your wife naked, hostage with two black ghetto thugs about to be subjected to the wickedest desires that their black cocks could want with a suburban blond, white, middle-class wife...and then imagine it's not your wife, but your MUM with them - your loving, sacred mother! Well, now you might get an idea how I felt!



I stared as they suddenly grabbed Mum's tits, yanking them and cruelly squeezing her red nips in their black fingers, and her reaction of pained, distressed yells and facial agony only served to please them...their cocks swelled and throbbed in her face in mockery, and they made her take their knob ends both in her mouth at once. Mum groaned in pain as they ravaged her tits again, even as her pink tongue came out, curling round the undersides of the two knobs that assaulted her dignity!



I had to go then as I'd been seen by the youths and luckily I got a taxi now.



The moment I reached my silent hotel room and shut the door, I slumped to the bed, my dick released from my pants and I sobbed into the quilt as my hand brought arc upon arc of helpless, tortured sperm ejecting from myself.



Mum did call a bit later. She sounded out of breath and I heard the others laughing in the background. She said her buttocks were sore and her tits felt on fire. Suddenly she gasped loudly when a loud crack like a whip went off and she groaned in pain. Then the phone clicked off. They were obviously using their belts on my Mum's bare behind!



After a long while, it rang again; Mum asked me how it felt to wear the cuckold's horns again; as the guys had both just enjoyed wonderful adultery with her. Her shags with the blacks had got her cunt spasming again and her pussy was tingling and happy! She added she would soon make me not just a cuckold, but a "Cackold"; because Laurence wanted her asshole - [her "Cackhole!", as she called it] - and "Cackold" would be another name she could call me! She then rang off again.



I couldn't help getting erect again; she was almost methodically humiliating me over the phone - and I lay there in wretchedness as that old cuckold's excitement washed over me, twisting my emotions into the knot of pain/pleasure all good cuckolds know well! After another good long while, I got a text message.



It said, "You're now made a CACKOLD!" - By Laurence AND Tony!"



My cock pulsated and automatically poured out my reactions in white tormented liquid! As I'd lain there powerless, their dicks had been shoving in and out of my Mum's bumhole! Making my Mum groan as they did it, no doubt and she probably let the dirty big bastards spurt their spunk deep up her brown shit tunnel, too!



I wondered what they looked like doing it and what noises Mum had made in response.



It never rang again for ages and by 12.30 I fell into a restless, uneasy sleep.



You can imagine the things I dreamt about, in that state!



At about 4.30 a.m., I was awakened by my mobile going off once more. When I picked it up, I heard Mum going, "Ooooooh, there's a load! Do I have to do it?"



Then Laurence growling, "Yes, Teresa, you got to lick it off! Go on, clean my dick, mother fucker!" and something that sounded like "ass popsicle."



It rung off; but awhile after, I got a text message again, this time saying, "SHITOLD!" and in brackets, "surely I don't need to explain what that means?"



I think I knew what it meant! Mum was even being THAT dirty again, and what was worse, she did it for my old college classmates!



She called me at about 9.a.m. to say I could come home now.



My relief at seeing Laurence's car was gone turned to concern when I went in, as nobody, not even Mum was around.



I prayed they hadn't taken her to some dive or brothel. Then, I was relieved to hear her voice calling down from upstairs; she said she was relaxing in bed and could I bring her some coffee up.



So I made the coffee and took it up and was promptly confronted with Tony and Mum still in her bed, the covers thrown back and them screwing slowly!



Mum greeted me, "Hiya,Luv! just put it down on the side, I'll get it in a mo. We're just having a nice easy one, to relax me again before breakfast! I need it, as I was all tensed up and it's polite to give Tony a good morning one, isn't it?"



Tony laughed and said, "Yeah, Bob! Watch if you like, I don't mind; Laurence was the one who wanted you out. Me and your Mom must be a real nice sight for you!"



So, I looked on with my pants round my ankles and my cock up hard, but Mum wouldn't let me jerk. I had to tidy the room and pour the coffee, as Mum teased me with my black friend!



They did look good together, I must admit; their bodies, black on white, were moving into different positions, and all the time moving, sexing, very slowly and sensually. Each of Tony's thrusts were so drawn out and prolonged, they must have lasted two, some even three seconds each. Their hands explored each other as they slowly rolled around, with Mum's body softly and warmly accepting him, welcoming this great big dangerous negro in her arms - and her loins. His muscles rippled in his ebony skin, with my Mum's hands caressing his back and stroking his clenching black bum; and her legs sliding round him, her sexy toes wiggling and her pleased, excited breasts being rubbed almost audibly on his hairy chest. His hands roved over Mum's skin, often letting a black finger tease her asshole, and his fingers at one point digging into her bum cheeks as she gently rode him.



He smirked at me as he pulled her buttocks apart rhythmically, exposing her bum hole, which she clenched in time to his thrusts and moaned appreciatively to, as they both stared at my blushing face! His dick was very dark, thick, and slightly curved -perhaps 9 inches long; and it throbbed in Mum's vulva shamelessly. They did this rude, adulterous thing as if it was the most natural thing in the world; the scene before me making a stark contrast to the previous weeks, when Mum had behaved so normally and prudishly with Dad around! Mum's bottom was all red and thickly welted with red stripes after the smacking and belting she'd had in the night too, which made me feel even more humiliated yet aroused.



I tell you, if you knew her in daily life, you'd never think she could possibly do anything remotely raunchy! Yet, here it was, like a surreal dream!



They finally finished up with him on top of her, with her legs spread wide. He was trying to time his climax with hers; and he succeeded.



She reached back, gripping the headboard above her head, after going, "Ooohhmmm, Tony, love-I'm Ready!"



Tony knelt up, reaching under her bum and lifted her hips up to meet his; and still embedded in her cunt, he rotated her hips around and grunted as his shaft began thudding in her twat.



Mum shut her eyes and groaned, "OOOOOAAAAAARRRRRRHHHH!"



I knew they were coming together, cause of that and also cause her toes waved and froze still, sexily. It was so horny to see, I came too, my dick thumping and shooting my unwilling appreciation of their betraying lust all over the carpet!



Tony stayed all weekend; and it was a sexual feast for Mum and exquisite humiliation for me. I lost count of the number of times they had each other in every room of the house. Mum cooked for him and worshipped him; and yes, she did even let me see him having her most private hole too!



I remember once we were just talking in the kitchen, Mum washing up with just her tights and pinafore on and Tony went, "Hey, white Mum, I need your Bum!" He laughed at his own rhyming humor.



Mum went, "Of course! Sorry Tony, I didn't realize!"



She just thrust down her tights over her bum, and spread her buttocks, twitching her asshole in welcome! Tony heaved out his huge black mamba, and shamelessly shoved it up Mum's bum hole, right up it as she stood at the sink!



I started wanking, shuddering with my humiliation, as Mum made me look closely at his shaft splurging up her brown ring, dragging it in and out. It was incredible...surreal, but arousing! He went, "Hey Bob, your Mom's got a great ass! Isn't she sexy, huh? Look how she loves me cornholing her!"



Mum giggled, going "Mmmmm, yesss! Momma loves it, Bob!", as his cock splurged machine-like up her arsehole, again and again and again!



I think they did almost everything possible between a man and woman that weekend; a weekend neither Mum nor me will forget easily!



I'd like to know what people think of this story, and if anyone has similar thoughts themselves.



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  cuckoldbob


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





