BDSM Library - How I made my innocent wife my fuck slave




How I made my innocent wife my fuck slave
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Husband blackmails his innocent wife in to becoming his whore and sex slave






&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; How I made my innocent wife my fuck slave

My wife and my self have been married for 15 years. Her name is Delores and she is a little girl with big tit for her size. Our sex life was getting old.&nbsp; She never wanted to fuck any other way but the missionary way and she never wanted to suck my cock. It really made me mad to hear this guy at work talk about his hot wife and what she would let him do to her.&nbsp; I would threaten her that if she didn&#8217;t change I was going to divorce her and she always laughed it off.&nbsp; I came home one day horny as hell after hearing this guy brag a bout his wife and grabed my wife and she screamed like she was being raped and would not have sex with me. I carried out my threat and filled for divorce and surprised the hell out of her when the paper was served. She got mad and moved out to her mothers. She did like to drink on the weekends and we would go to this little bar on the corner from us. Well I didn&#8217;t lets this stop me so I went to the bar the next week end. As I pulled in to the parking lot I saw my wife and when we made eye contact she walked over to this guy and out of revenge she dropped to her knees and gave this guy a blow job right in front on me, I knew she didn&#8217;t know the guy because of the surprise look on his face. Well I walked in to the bar and made out like it didn&#8217;t make any deference to&nbsp; me. I don&#8217;t know what happen next because she or the guy never entered the Bar. Well as the court date got closer she started calling me crying telling me she loved me and plead for me to call of the divorce. 

I thought this was a good time to Carrie out my fantasy. I told her to come over to he house and we would talk about it.&nbsp; When she got there she told me that she was sorry&nbsp; and she would never have sex with another man and that she only did what she did to make me mad and would do any thing I wanted. Now I told her that I thought it was hot as hell seeing her give a another man blow job and that it turned me on. I told her it was my fantasy to see her have sex with a stranger. I told her that I had filled for the divorce because she would not experiment with sex. Now I sprung it on her and told her I would drop the divorce case if she would agree to be my sex slave. She told me she would do anything I wanted.&nbsp; I told her that it meant that she&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; would fuck anyone I told her to and I wanted to watch her used&nbsp; by strangers and I would let them do anything they wanted with her. She said that she would do it for me, and I told her good&nbsp; and she could Start by sucking my cock.&nbsp; She dropped down in front of me took my cock in her mouth and worked on it like a pro. I said to her, do you like to suck my cock, she moved her head up and down as to say yes. I want to hear you say it and she remove my cock from her mouth and said I like to suck your cock. I said and you want to suck big cocks for me and she told me that she told me she would do anything I wanted. I told her that is not what I asked you and she said I want to suck big cocks for you and went back to work on my cock.&nbsp; I could tell she was getting excited by this, so I asked her if that guy came in her mouth and she shock her head no. I said good slave I will be the first, I said you will swallow my cum and suck my cock clean and from now on you will do the same for every cock I tell you to suck. I fucked her mouth an shot my load in her mouth and she looked me in the eyes and said that it tasted better then she expected.

 The week end came and I told her that we were going&nbsp; the&nbsp; corner bar and I wanted her to dress like a whore with no bra or panties.&nbsp; When she came out of our room she looked the part. She had a short skirt that showed her pussy at the slightest bend and an old tight tee&nbsp; shirt that left little to the imagination. Hell I could even see the color of her areola and nipples through the thin material. When we entered the club I noticed the heads turning as we looked for an empty table and I was proud as hell. There were two guys at the table across from us removing the rest of her cloth with their eye. I got up and went to the bar to get our drinks and one of the guys reached the bar at the same time.&nbsp; He said I hope you don&#8217;t take affiance but that is a sweet little thing with you. I said so you like that and he said who wouldn&#8217;t and I told him that was my wife. He said Dam Man I am sorry and I told him that she was also my sex slave and asked him if he and his buddy would like to fuck her and he replied dam man we couldn&#8217;t afford anything that sweet. I told him it would not cost the a penny if they agreed to my rules. And he ask me what they were, and I told him that she had never been fucked by anyone but me so they had to have a privet place to take her, and I wanted to watch, also I wanted them to talk dirty to her and use her any way they wanted. Dam man we can do that, I live alone and we will use her good.&nbsp; He went over and talked to his buddy and they got up and came over to our table and I introduced them to Delores and told her that they were&nbsp; Bob and Jack and she was all theirs. 

She looked a little afraid when Bob said come on whore follow us, she got up and we followed them to an old ford. They put he in the front seat between bob who was driving and Jack, I got in the back seat. Jack had his finger in her pussy before Bob had the car started, but that didn&#8217;t last long because Bob Lived just around the corner.&nbsp; We entered the house and they lead Delores to the middle of the room and said lose the cloths bitch. Delores looked at me and told her you heard them you are their slut tonight. She pulled the tee shirt over her head and dropped the skirt to the floor standing naked in front of them.&nbsp; Jack came up behind her and got a hold of her tits while Bob walked up in front of her and&nbsp; licked, sucked and pinched her nipples. She was getting hotter by the minute and so was my cock.&nbsp; Bob step back and got naked as Jack pushed Delores down on her knees and bob said sock my cock whore.&nbsp;&nbsp; he was about three inch longer than me a good nine inches but thinner. She started licking him like an all day sucker. She gently played with his balls and in a few minutes she started her deep throat routine on him. I knew if he was anything like me, in about two minutes he'd be done. Well, he started pounding into her mouth with long deep thrusts. Jack reached around her and grabbed one of her wildly swinging breasts. He began squeezing it, then pinching the nipple and pulling it down stretching her breast and nipple out grotesquely, and obviously causing a lot of pain. But she didn't fight him because she was now taking Bob&#8216;s load down her throat, he held his cock buried deep in her throat for several moments as she struggled to breathe. Then slowly he drew back, savoring the sensations her tortured mouth provided. He finally released her and ordered her to lick him clean. 

Now that's how to suck a cock bitch!" he exclaimed happily. "Don't worry; you're going to get lots of practice. Before we are done with you, you'll be good at it." Jack noe pulled her up on her knees by her tits and told her not to move while strip of his cloths. Delores was facing me with her eyes closed. I watched her face as Jack dipped down and pressed the head of his cock against her pussy. Her knees were actually lifted off of the floor before the head of his cock slipped past the opening of her pussy.&nbsp; Then her knees sank back to the floor and her unseeing eyes shot open in shock. It was amazing to watch as Jack sank his huge cock deeper and deeper into my wife. I thought she must be suffering horribly, but as I watched she suddenly gasped and screamed in orgasm. And he had only half of his cock buried in her! He laughed and started slapping her ass again. I watched as more and more of his large organ disappeared into my wife's tight pussy. She was moaning in pain/pleasure as he finally crammed the last two inches of cock into her, his flat stomach slapping against the reddening cheeks of her ass. Her eyes were still open and vacant as she moved back and forth with each powerful thrust, her breasts moving violently back and forth beneath her. She was now screaming&nbsp; loudly please don&#8217;t stop fuck me harder she was screaming loudly as she came yet again while being skewered on that fat cock.&nbsp; 

Bob felt left out. He moved to the reached under Delores an began slapping her swinging breasts around as hard as he could, he then pull on each of them with both hands like he was milking them.&nbsp; Tears started running down her face but she took it as a huge orgasm it her as Jack unloaded in her cunt.&nbsp; Bob wasted no time replacing Jack and fucked her to another orgasm before blowing his cum in her pussy. Jack and Bob got dressed and I told Delores to thank them. I thank them also and told them I was surprise that she took their big cocks so well. Bob told me if I want to see her take a really big cock he knew just the guy. He told me about this big black guy that was really hung and gave me his phone number.&nbsp; When I got home I asked Delores who she liked getting fuck. She told me she was afraid at first but never thought she would love it so much. Then she asked me if I was going to let that black guy fuck her and I told her yes and hope he had a buddy. I said but first I had a another&nbsp; plan for her.
To be continued
&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; How I made my innocent wife my fuck slave part II

The following weekend She asked me what I had planed for her and I told her she was going to eat pussy for me. She told me no and I told her it was not to late for the divorce. She told me she loved me and do what I wanted her to do. Thursday night I went down town to a gay bar showed her nude photo and put out the word that I wanted a Lesbian to do my wife while I watched. I was soon approached by a tall lesbian with huge tits and she asked me what I had in mind.&nbsp; I told her I wanted to see Delores used and forced to eat pussy.&nbsp; She asked me if my wife was into bondage and I told her that she had never done it before.&nbsp; She told me her name was Judy and she would do her good if I let her hurt her. I told her how the guys had hurt her tits and she didn&#8217;t seem to mind.&nbsp; I said that it sound exciting and would enjoy watching. Judy gave me her address and told me to have Delores there at 9 pm Friday the next day. Friday night I got Delores ready and put her in the car, check my atlas and drove off with her.&nbsp; 

Delores was very tense and was shaking when we knocked on Judy&#8217;s door.&nbsp; When Judy open her door she looked great in her leather out fit with her big tits and shaved pussy exposed through holes in it. She lead Delores to the middle of her living room&nbsp; and told her to strip, Delores looked at me and I told her you heard the lady. She removed all of her cloths and was standing in front of Judy.&nbsp; Judy looked her over and said you will do just great. Judy looked like the kind of person that enjoyed hurting people. Delores ask Judy if she was going to hurt her and Judy laughed and said, "You got that right bitch!"&nbsp; She grabbed Delores by the arm and lead her through a door and down a flight of steps. Delores didn&#8217;t fight her because she knew it would be a losing battle. When they got to the bottom of the steps Delores was shocked to see all of the whips and chains and tried to get away from Judy. But Judy easley tied her hands and hook them to a rope that was thrown over a beam and pulled them high over her head. 

 She was straddled across a cord attached in front and behind her holding what she called her pussy rod. The thin chrome rod with smooth bumps on it was between the lips of her pussy. By swinging her hips forward she could rub her pussy across the smooth rod and feel the bumps but not with out a cost.&nbsp; On each one of her pussy lips, which were spread out on either side of the rod she had attached clips and attached them to the floor using chains. Judy picked up one of the whips walked up to her and started to work on Delores&#8217;s tits, wiping first one and then other. Delores was screaming and crying as her body was bucking, sliding her pussy across the rod&nbsp; witch caused the tugging and pinching of the clamps on her pussy lips. The whip licked across her body. She watch Delores carefully she was enjoying it. Judy put the wiped down and Twist her nipples and rock her pussy across the bar between her legs. 

Delores was screaming but this time it was from pleasure. I couldn&#8217;t believe my eyes she was Cumming&nbsp; all over the rod. Judy started sucking on Delores&#8217;s tits and pushed two finger in her cunt and begin finger fucking her and Delores was telling her to not to stop. Judy removed her fingers from Delores&#8217;s cunt and placed them in Delores&#8217;s mouth and she&nbsp; sucked them clean. Judy began finger fucking herself and asked Delores how she liked tasting her own cum. Delores said oh my god I didn&#8217;t know it would taste so good. Judy said how is this and put her fingers in Delores&#8217;s mouth once again and she sucked Judy&#8216;s fingers and said oh fuck yes. Judy now placed a passionate kiss on her lips and she respond by kissing her back. She untied her and placed her on her Back, and sucked her pussy until another orgasm hit her. She now got up and lowered her pussy to Delores&#8217;s mouth and said your turn. Delores sucked her cunt like a pro and it was Judy now screaming yes suck my cunt she came in Delores&#8217;s mouth. She tried to push Delores off but Delores would not have any of that as she sucked Judy to two more orgasms. Delores came up and looked at me and it was&nbsp; beautiful seeing all of the cum on her face.&nbsp;&nbsp; Judy laid motionless on the floor, Delores looked down on her and said until next time. When we got home Delores told me she loved me and would never question me again.&nbsp; She said what she thought would be disgusting was so good and that she never thought that anyone could cum while being hurt. I love to be used for and for your reward you can use me and do what you want to me and no mercy.&nbsp; 



How I made my innocent wife my fuck slave part III

Please read how I had my innocent wife my fuck slave part I and II to understand this story. My wife Delores now knew that I intended to use her every week end for my pleasure and when Friday night came around.&nbsp; So she ask my what I had Planed for her this week end. I told her, do you remember the phone number that was given for frank the black guy with the eleven inch cock, she said oh no and I said oh yes. I picked up the phone and dialed the number and when the guy answered I told him what I wanted and he said oh yap Bob told me about you fuck slave and the fun they had with her. He ask me if a gang bang would be alright with me, I told him when she would be his to use anyway he wanted but I wanted to watch, he said cool. 

Then he told me to bring her to the crows nest a bar in the hood. When we got there it was crowded and the guys where all smiles, so Frank must have told them I was bring her. Frank was standing by the pool table and motioned us over.&nbsp; He looked Delores over and told her to strip so he could see what she had to offer. She look at him and said right here, he said right here so we all can see. She learning well, because started to strip with out any hesitation. She took of her blouse and when her&nbsp; tits came in view the Men went crazy, one said look at the tits on that little thing, another said I can wait to get me hands on them. Frank picked her up and laid her on the pool table and spread her lags looked at me and said do you think she can take eleven inches. I told him to take it easy on her at first, but I wanted to see all of it in her. Frank started to finger fucking her while two other guys moved to each side of her and began working on her tits and nipples. She was getting in to it now soaking Franks fingers with her wet cunt. Frank moved his huge cock&nbsp; up and down her pussy lubricating it with her juices. Frank pushed the head of his cock into my wife and she took it with just a little yelp. He rested it there until she relaxed and then began working it in to her inch by inch and when he had all of it into her except two inches he pulled it back and drove all eleven inches into her and she just cry out oh hell yes. He started fucking my wife hard and deep while the other two black men worked on her tits with no mercy&nbsp; stretching her nipples to the limit. My wife was going crazy with pleasure screaming fuck me give me that big cock. I was so excited and surprised to see that she had took Frank so Easley and was becoming a pain slut as well.&nbsp; 

Frank looked at me and said looks like she likes big black cocks she is incredible.&nbsp; Frank shot is load into her&nbsp; and keep fucking her until she screamed with an earth shattering orgasm. Frank had no longer pulled out before she had another cock in her. The one of the guy working on her tit got up on the pool table and started fucking her face. Frank walked over to me completely out of breath and said, dam man out got a fucking nymphomaniac on your hands.&nbsp; He was right she was being fucked by one black cock after another and couldn&#8217;t get enough. If I hadn&#8217;t known better I would thought that they has gave her&nbsp; aphrodisiacs.
Before the night was over her tits where black and blue and she was covered with so much cum you couldn&#8217;t recognize her.&nbsp; When I got her home and cleaned up she told me she really enjoyed her self and loved me even more for letting other men pleasure her and was looking forward to the next week end. I told we would not go next week end and she looked surprised and asked me why. I told her that I had seen how she was enjoyed the pain on her tits and I wanted her to rest. Because I was going to find someone that really knew how to hurt her. 







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  George C. Jones.


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





