BDSM Library - Tara and Samantha's Lesson




Tara and Samantha's Lesson
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Two women alone in the wilderness.






Tara and Samantha&#8217;s Lesson
By Rockbohunk



Tara and Samantha realized that they were in serious trouble. 
It was a cold, rainy October day when they decided to go on a road trip. Both were under age but Tara had a friend buy them a Bottle and a case of beer. 
Samantha drove them around all day up in the Blue hills in Wisconsin. It was getting near dusk and both were feeling no pain. 
Samantha missed the turn on the muddy road and lost control of the car. The car settled in the ditch on the other side of the road. 
Both were shaken, but all right. Tara tried to call her boyfriend on her cell phone but there was no service available. They were just too far from any transmitter. 
Samantha tried to drive out of the ditch, but the tires would just spin. Tara got out of the car and tried to push Samantha. The car would rock and almost get out, but not quite. 
The temperature had dropped to near 40 degrees and the rain had not let up. If anything, it was raining harder. 
Samantha got out and let Tara drive. Tara was a year older than Sam, but both had only been driving for two years. Again, the car would move, but not get out of the ditch. 
By now, the girls were scared, cold, muddy and very wet. 
They had not seen anyone on this road for hours. Tara had seen a house off the road just on top of that last hill. Maybe they had a phone, or maybe the cell phone would work up there. 
Both girls took off running in the pouring rain until they reached the dwelling. It wasn't much, just a hunting shack. 
Tara again tried her boyfriend but her cell still had no signal. 
Samantha grabbed a rock and pounded on the hasp and lock until it was free of the door and jamb. 
Both girls hurried inside out of the weather. Upon entering, the girls looked around the small shack to find two small beds and a fireplace. That was about it. There were some empty cupboards, except for a couple rolls of toilet paper and a small table and chair set in the corner. 
Tara and Sam immediately tried to light a fire in the fireplace. There was plenty of wood just outside the door if they could get it to light. After about fifteen minutes, and anything that would burn in the shack, Samantha was getting a good fire going. In no time at all, the shack began to warm. 
The girls knew they had to get out of those wet muddy clothes and soon. Samantha pulled the mattresses off the beds and set them on the floor near the fireplace. One mattress had a green wool blanket on it. 
Tara and Sam removed their clothes and hung them on the back of the chairs and on the end of the beds. Both girls were down to just their bra and panties. They huddled together wrapped in the wool blanket in front of the cozy fire. 
Sam and Tara were exhausted from their day. As their bodies warmed, the alcohol and exhaustion kicked in and they were able to relax and sleep, for tomorrow was another day. 
Tara awoke suddenly the next morning finding the cold steel of a handcuff being collapsed around her wrist. Her screams woke Samantha realizing that the were cuffed together. 
Tara and Samantha held each other as the stranger towered above them. He was dressed all in leather, even a hood and was holding a small whip. He spoke in a deep stern voice telling them that they would not be hurt, but they were his slaves. 
He cracked the whip against his leg and told them they were to do as he said, or they would be punished. Tara looked around the room and noticed that all their clothing was gone. 
He grabbed the blanket and tossed it to the side, "you won't be needing this." 
Tara and Sam sobbed holding each other as the whip found 
Tara's ass and told them to be quiet and lay face down on the mattress. 
The girls found it hard to lay down while handcuffed to each other, but still managed to comply. 
Tara felt the weight of his body on her back, then her bra straps being cut away. He pulled her bra from her body and threw it in the fire. 
Samantha was still shaking and trying to hold back tears as he sat on her ass and cut off her bra. He again ripped it from her body and threw it in the raging fire. 
Tara begged him that she had to go to the bathroom. 
"Please Sir," she asked, 
She knew the outhouse was located outside and this would be a chance to escape. 
He smacked Tara across her little panties with the whip. "You aren't thinking of running away now, are you?" 
"No Sir," she sniffled. 
"Let's make sure," he said as he grabbed Tara's ankle. 
Tara tried to kick him and fight him off but he bent her knee back and slapped her again across the ass with the whip. 
"Stay still or I will punish your friend." 
Tara just lay there as he strapped some kind of leather shackle to her ankle. She watched as he padlocked a small chain to her restraint. He grabbed the end of the chain and slapped Tara on the ass. 
"You may now go to the bathroom." 
Samantha and Tara struggled to their feet realizing they were only wearing their panties. The hooded stranger opened the door pulling on Tara's chain. He handed the girls a roll of paper and led them out into the cold air. The temperature was only 44 degrees and the ground was cold and wet to their bare feet. 
The outhouse was old and smelled very bad. As Tara opened the door, the chain was pulled and Tara fell to her knees. 
"Leave the door open," he said holding the whip and chain. 
Samantha was the first to go. She pulled her panties down just a little as he watched her through the door. Samantha had small 34B breasts with puffy nipples. The cold weather mad them firm as she no longer tried to cover them. 
Samantha stood up pulling her panties back up with one hand when he told her to remove her panties and throw them down the hole. 
Sam stood there with her feet together unable to move. He smacked Tara across the ass and told Samantha to do what she was told or her friend would get another one. 
Samantha slowly pulled down her panties with her free hand. A little at a time until they dropped to the wood floor. She stepped out of them, picked them off the floor and discarded them. Her brunette bush was well trimmed showing off her perfect labia, 
Samantha stood there naked, handcuffed to her friend miles from nowhere. Even if they could escape. Where would they go? They would surely freeze to death in this weather. 
Tara took her place and wrestled with her panties. 
"Take them off," he said. 
She pulled them down and stepped out of her one foot, but the other had the ankle restraint and chain. She stepped out and slid her panties on the chain. 
He grabbed her panties and slid them the length of the chain to the end and off. Tara wiped and stood up exposing her clean shaven pussy. Her breasts were larger than Sam's and her nipples too were very conscious of the cold air. 
He pulled on Tara's chain and led them back in the cabin. Tara and Samantha felt good to be back in where it was warm, but were afraid of what was to happen next. 
He ordered them to kneel on the mattress before him. With another set of cuffs, he secured Tara's and Sam's free hands. 
He walked behind them, stood there, then asked, 
"Who is the slutty one?" 
"Who has the most sex?" 
"Me Sir", Tara cried. 
"Is this one a virgin," he asked as he ran the whip across Samantha's bare ass. 
"No Sir," Samantha said softly. 
"So, you like to fuck?" 
He cracked the whip hard across Sam's firm bare ass. 
"I bet you masturbate every chance you get too, don't you?" 
"Yes Sir" 
"We are going to have a competition. Which one of you give the better blow job, huh?" 
"Huh", he said firmly as he smacked one ass, then the other. 
He took off his shoes, then removed his leather pants. His cock was semi hard and throbbed for their touch. He stood in front of them, just inches away and explained, 
"Whoever sucks his cock the best, would be rewarded, the other, punished. If I feel any teeth at all, both of you will get ten lashings!" 
He grabbed Samantha by the hair and guided his cock to her waiting mouth. "Let's see what you can do little girl." 
He forced his seven inch cock deep down her throat. 
Samantha gagged but could do nothing to resist his forcefulness. He pulled away letting Sam catch her breath. 
"How about you, slut?", as he grabbed Tara's hair. 
Tara took what she could, but also was inexperienced. 
Samantha watched Tara suck his cock, taking it deeper and deeper. 
"That's it", he said. "Your a good little slut, aren't you?" 
She tried to mumble "Yes Sir," but was unable to as he fucked her face. 
He moaned and pulled out quickly. "I think we all know who won that round, huh?" 
"You", he said slapping Tara on the ass. 
"Lay down on your back and spread your legs." 
"And you, on your hands and knees between her legs." 
Still handcuffed together, they struggled to get in the determined positions. 
"This dark haired one needs training, don't you?" tapping Samantha on her ass. 
He told Samantha to spread her legs wide, then ordered her to eat her friends bald pussy. Samantha had never done anything like this before. Although she was bi-curious, she had never acted on her feelings. 
"Eat that pussy," he yelled as he slapped Sam across the ass with the whip. 
Samantha stuck out her tongue and touched Tara's labia for the first time. Tara moaned and moved her hips as Sam licked again. 
He whipped Samantha three more times and told her to "Eat that pussy!" 
Samantha loved the taste of Tara as she was getting wetter for her. She plunged her tongue in and out of her as she felt the end of the whip being forced in her pussy. Tara wanted to rub her clit as Sam licked her but was unable to move her arms. Samantha felt herself getting wet. Maybe it was the loss of control, or maybe just being with Tara as she had fantasized. 
He pulled the whip from Sam's pussy and told her to stop. He bent down and unlocked one set of cuffs securing Tara's right hand and Samantha's left. He told them to kneel, on their hands and knees with their asses towards each other. 
Fighting the one set of cuffs and Tara's ankle chain, they managed to do so. 
"Who has the tightest little pussy?" 
He put his hands on each ass feeling his way down to their moistness. Tara and Sam felt his thumbs sliding deep inside them. Both tried to pull away as he squeezed tightly. 
"You both have tight little pussies." 
"Let's see who can prove it." 
He grabbed a bag and out of he took a sixteen inch double dong. He rubbed it up and down Tara's ass, then slid it in. He did the same With Samantha. He separated her labia and slid it in her wet pussy. Both girls were order to stay still until otherwise instructed. He worked the double dong between them, back and forth until well lubricated. 
He took his hands away and ordered them to fuck each other. Tara pushed her hips backwards towards Samantha sliding the cock deep inside. 
"Move your asses," he said as he struck the whip across both. Tara pushed backwards hard working that cock in and out of Samantha. Sam, not wanting to be outdone, pushed back. Tara had never had a toy in her before and it excited her to know that she was pleasing Samantha while being pleased. 
He continued to whip them forcing them to fuck each other harder. Tara squeezed her muscles and felt herself building inside. She was going to cum. She tried to fight it, but the toy was in her deep, filling her completely. 
Tara cried "No, no.,,,,,,," then "yeeeeeeeeeeees" as she trembled and pulled away from Sam. 
"Hmmmmmm," he said, "Seems as though someone enjoyed that?" 
"Okay, This dark haired one needs more training." 
"Can you girls be trusted not to escape?" 
"Yes Sir," they both said quickly. 
He unlocked the other handcuff. Each still had a cuff fastened to a wrist, but at least they were not attached to each other. He told Samantha to lay on her back and for Tara to get above her in the sixty-nine position. 
He pulled Samantha's legs apart wide and told Tara to taste her little friend. 
"Lick her little clit," he said as he ran the whip over Tara's red little ass. 
"And you," kneeling by Samantha's head. "You eat this blonds little pussy too." 
Samantha immediately lapped up Tara's cum, while Tara paid special attention to Samantha's little clit. 
He walked around and knelt down guiding his cock to Samantha's wetness. Her pussy was hot and wet and his seven inch cock slid in without a problem. 
He pulled out his cock so Tara could lick off her juices. She took his cock in her mouth then guided him back in her waiting pussy. Again he pulled out to have Tara suck his cock. 
This time, Tara guided him to a new hole. Tara pulled Samantha's leg back as he slid his cock part way in her virgin ass. 
Samantha cried "NO!" as he pushed his way deeper. Tara continued to eat Samantha as he thrust his cock all the way in. 
"Please no, Please," Sam cried as he fucked her tight ass. 
Tara inserted a finger into Samantha's pussy , then two and began to finger fuck her as he continued to thrust harder. 
"Oh my God," Oh my God," "YEEEEEEEEEEEEEES!" 
Samantha screamed as she exploded right in Tara's mouth. 
He pulled out and shot his load over Tara's face. 
Tara and Samantha were motionless. Samantha lay there exhausted. She had never had an orgasm before, well maybe a shallow one, but she actually squirted! 
Tara got off of Sam and lay along side her in her arms. He knelt beside them and re-attached the handcuffs. 
He padlocked the chain attached to Tara's ankle to the bed. 
The masked man put his pants, shoes and socks on and left the shack. He returned four hours later. 
Tara and Samantha watched him as he placed their clean folded clothes on the table across the room. He held up a key ring with the keys for the padlock and the cuffs. He also held up Samantha's car keys and told them that their car was just outside and down the road. He was able to get it out of the ditch. 
He knelt down in front of them, brushing the hair from their eyes, and kissed them both on the forehead. 
"Thank-you." 
He walked away never revealing his face. Tara and Samantha reached the keys and unlocked their restraints. They dressed and found their car right where he said it was. 
Tara and Sam never told anyone what happened that day, but their lives would never be the same. 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  rockbohunk


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





