BDSM Library - Angel's Abduction




Angel's Abduction
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young Photographer captured deep in the woods.






Angel's abduction
By Rockbohunk


Angel was a local freelance photographer working for a local paper. She was doing a story of natural wildlife and decided to do her shoot up in the Blue hills, about 20 miles from her house.
 
Angel was walking on the nature path, about a mile from the road when a man wearing a ski mask grabbed her and wrestled her to the ground.

 Angel screamed, but no one could hear her, she was just too deep in the woods. 
The man forced her left arm behind her back and handcuffed her wrist. 

Angel screamed and tried to kick him, but he was just too powerful. He grabbed her right arm, forced it behind her back and secured the cuff. He sat on her back and wrapped a cloth around her eyes to blindfold her. He wrapped another around her face, in her mouth to gag her. 
He stool Angel up and led her off the trail. Angel still tried to scream and kick at anything with the hope of connecting. 

He stood behind her and fastened a rope to her cuffs. The rope was then thrown over a tree limb and fastened tightly pulling Angels arms up high behind her back. B
ent over, she felt a rope being tied around her left ankle. She was almost pulled off balance as he pulled her left foot outwards. Again she felt a rope on her right ankle pulling her legs apart and secured tightly. 
He walked behind her grabbing her ass through her khaki shorts. 

He stood close behind her, grabbing her wrists. He un-cuffed her right hand, and with one swift pull of a rope, pulled her arm above her head. He then again cuffed her left wrist to her right. 
Angel stood there sobbing into her gag. She knew that she was at his mercy. 

As she stood there, Angel could hear the birds in the woods singing, a truck going down the highway, over a mile away, but couldn't hear the stranger that had abducted her. 
After a couple of minutes, she heard the leaves rustle. Footsteps, she thought, or maybe a animal? She struggled at the restraints, but they were just too strong. 
Angel managed a muffled scream as she felt a hand against her back. She felt the cold steel against her skin and the sound of her blouse tearing as he cut her shirt from her body. 
Slowly, he cut off her blouse in several little pieces. He unhooked her bra, then ran his hands around to the front and lifted the bra over her beautiful breasts. 
Angel felt his hands barely touching her, almost tickling her nipples. She felt one strap cut, then the other as her bra fell to the ground. 
He lifted her breasts gently from behind, squeezing softly and playing with her nipples. 
Angel fought the feeling of being aroused, but her nipples didn't lie. His hands gently touched her stomach to the top of her shorts, then undid the top snap. 
Angel again felt the cold steel on the outside of her right thigh. She felt the pressure of his hands on her bare skin as he cut through the fabric. 
He finally fought the waistband and her shorts fell down her left leg to her ankle. 
He knelt between her legs, running his hands up the inside of her thighs to just the inside edge of her panties. 
Angel bit down hard on her gag as he touched her hard between her legs. 
He got up and walked behind her. He tugged on her panties, then felt the steel as he cut them free. Her panties fell around her left ankle and Angel stood there, totally naked, (except for her shoes and socks) 
Angel heard the automatic winder on her 35mm camera as she stood there totally helpless. She knew she was being photographed. He knelt between her legs and teased her right labia. He wiggled it back and forthwith his finger, then the left. 
Angel felt herself starting to get wet as she felt his tongue now teasing her labia. Her senses were heightened. She felt the gentle breeze between her moist legs, The sun beating on her firm breasts, and his tongue licking faster and faster on her now wet pussy.
 Angel grabbed the rope above her head as she felt her knees getting weak. He kept on licking, then sucking on her clit. 
Angel screamed at him to stop, but was only muffled by her gag. 
He worked his head up and down using his chin to rub her clit as he licked vigorously. 
Angel felt herself matching his moves until he slid two fingers deep in her pussy and wiggled them . She tried to stop herself from coming, but it was too late. 
Angel bit down on her gag and fill his mouth with her sweet juices. He sucked harder and licked up every drop as Angel got weaker with every lap of his tongue. S
he moaned "no" as he pulled his fingers out slowly leaving her there exhausted. He pulled her lips apart and barely touched her sensitive clit. He did this over and over until she felt herself building up again inside. 
He squeezed open her butt cheeks and started fingering her forbidden hole as he continued to tease her hard clit. 
Angel moaned as one of his fingers slid in. He probed her ass, fingered her pussy and sucked her clit as she exploded for the second time. She had never came like this before. She could smell her wet juices filling the air and her cum running down her leg. He got up and walked behind her. 
Angel almost collapsed as she felt the rope holding her up give way. He bent her over forward as she felt her lips being spread wide from behind. 
He thrust his hard cock into her sopping wet pussy banging her ass with every stroke. Her legs were so far apart and she was so off balance that she could not match his strokes. A
ngel felt him deep inside, three more strokes, then felt his hot cum on her ass and back. He wiped his cock on her ass and between her lips, then heard him run away. Angel felt around and realized that the rope on her wrist restraints were no longer connected. 
She pulled off the blindfold, then the gag. She tried to compose herself, untie the ropes on her ankles.
 She pulled at the rope wrapped around her cuffs with her teeth to untie the simple knot. 
Her clothes lay around her, cut to shreds. Even the shorts around her ankles were useless. She grabbed her car keys and camera, still handcuffed, and ran towards the road. She still felt vulnerable, out in the woods, handcuffed and naked. 
She could still feel her wetness as it ran down her thigh. Angel walked very slowly at the edge of the woods towards her car. As she approached her car, she saw her boyfriend, totally naked holding the handcuff key. 
He smiled at her and asked, "bet you got some great pics, huh?" 
Angel was angry, relieved and sexually fulfilled. 
She goes hiking with her camera quite often now.





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  rockbohunk


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





