BDSM Library - The Perfect Buns Restaurant




The Perfect Buns Restaurant
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: An 18 year old girl is introduced by a friend to work in a restaurant. She finds the uniform quite embarrassing and uncomfortable, and the rules very strict, but the pay is good...






The Perfect Buns Restaurant



by Apollo



This story is intended to be quite long, and the start can be boring for people who like only the action. Still I hope you enjoy it! Feel free to write to me for comments and suggestions.



apollo440 [the at here] lavabit [and a dot] com



--------------------------------------------



"You would do a perfect waitress"



They were showering after their training and their Tennis match, as they did every Tuesday and Thursday since the past seven months. Emily felt a little embarrassed, like every other time Sarah looked at her in that way, like she was doing the x-rays. Now Sarah was pretending to evaluate Emily's appropriateness to work as a waitress, looking carefully at her voluptuous body, but Emily's impression was that instead Sarah was just very attracted by her, and that she just hadn't the courage to confess it. Not that she returned the interest, but being desired even by a wonderful girl like Sarah would make her even more proud of her gorgeous body.



"Are you sure that I could work there?"



"Obviously, you are so beautiful and your manners are so polite and cute, I don't see what's the problem. You need some extra money, right? And there they pay quite well"



"Yes, but..." Emily knew just a little about the restaurant in which Sarah had been working for more than one year, since she had never been very detailed in her descriptions. Just a few details leaked out from time to time, for example when Sarah's feet hurt and had cuts because of the high heels she had to wear all the evening, or the very revealing outfit she had to wear. "...you are very used to wear high heels, you have had ballet classes all your life, while I never wore anything taller than 2 inches!"



"That's not a problem! You can easily get used to high heels! I can teach you a few secrets if you want, but really you don't have to worry!" In reality, Sarah was looking forward to see her friend struggle to balance on high heels, and the thought itself excited her. She had fantasized a lot about Emily's curvaceous but firm body: she had never been lesbian, but after she met Emily in their first year of university and they became great friends, Sarah changed gradually her life to have more and more time to spend with her friend, and she gradually found herself very attracted by her rounded ass and big firm tits. While playing tennis she was often distracted by Emily's muscular and perfectly shaped legs, and she loved the way those 36DD breasts jumped when she ran.



"Well, since you say they need more staff, I think I can just try... I will give you my curriculum tomorrow, ok? If you can hand it to your boss..."



"Well I don't think your curriculum is very interesting. Unless you already have experience as a waitress. I mean, we are both 18, with just the school and some university... Your legs and tits will be your references! And my introduction, obviously. You don't seem the shy type, at least for what I know of you, so you shouldn't be embarrassed to wear that uniform. You saw my uniform, did you?"



Yes, Emily had seen the medieval-style heavily-redesigned low-necked extremely-short tight sexy uniform, and she had wondered how Sarah didn't feel embarrassed running from table to table in such a revealing outfit, while her clients were all elegantly dressed. But she thought that after a while you get used to it, every restaurant has its rules and what mattered is that the pay was very good.



"No, I think I can get used to that. And anyway, no, I never worked as a waitress... I have a lot to learn! I hope you will teach me!"



"Yes obviously I will teach you, but I'm sure you will learn quickly! Maybe we should start from the high heels: I don't want you to make me ashamed... that I introduced someone who can't adhere to the restaurant's rules. Tomorrow we will go to buy some sandals, so you can practice before your interview."



Saying that, Sarah was already slipping in her 4 inches flip-flops, that on her petite feet (and petite body) seemed even higher. She was Emily's exact opposite: very slim, almost skinny, with small tits, a tight ass and legs perfectly shaped by years of classic ballet. She discovered that ballet helped her a lot, when she stopped to grow up and she needed heels to arrive to a decent height. So the 5" sandals of the restaurant weren't a problem at all, while instead she envied a lot the bigger cleavages of her colleagues (and Emily's as well) that inside the white low-necked medieval camisole looked much better than her little tits.









After 10 days, in which Emily painfully trained to walk on her new "impossibly high" 4 inches stiletto sandals (the first day just a hour in her apartment, then longer and longer until she could resist all the day long, and even take the bus without falling on the floor!), Sarah managed to have an interview for Emily, and after a math class in university, they went directly to the restaurant.

Sarah had instructed Emily not to embarrass for anything, and to stress the point she had selected a few very revealing articles for Emily and for herself. Apart for her new hatred sandals, Emily was wearing only a white silk halter top without a bra, maybe too tight for her big bosom, that was perfectly revealed in transparency (especially her long big nipples) and remained completely nude on the sides, and some Max Mara elegant shorts, too tight as well, that hugged her big rounded ass entering her crack and sometimes even her big labia. Sarah instead had only a simple white linen minidress, transparent enough to reveal that she didn't wear any underwear, and a pair of white 5 inches strappy sandals. 

Even if it was still summer, at the university they caught a lot of attention and even some whistles, but it was what Sarah wanted, to see if and how Emily would have reacted. Emily tried to show self-confidence and not show embarrassment or angriness, and passed her first (unknown) test.



Since it was Sarah's 19th birthday, they went to have a drink, and Emily's embarrassment melted a little, but in exchange she found more difficult to balance on her high heels in the crowded bus. Sarah instead, even with her feet vertically stretched, seemed not to have any problem. What startled Emily was when an old men started to fondle Sarah's bare buttocks, and she didn't move at all, but instead she turned and smiled at him, like she enjoyed the assault. For at least 5 minutes she remained quite and let him do, and Emily could easily imagine that the man had easily found Sarah's total nudity and was putting his fingers everywhere. How could she resist? When they got off the bus, her simple and innocent reply was: "I'm very proud when someone appreciate my beauty!". Now she started to really understand when Sarah said she had not to be shy of anything...



They were welcomed to the restaurant by the owner, and after the quick introductions he started his presentation and asked a few questions.



"Sarah told me that you are colleagues, and that you never worked as a waitress before."



"Yes, but I think it shouldn't take me long to learn..."



"We will see. Obviously there will be a training non-paid period of one month, after which we will decide if you will be part of our staff. Surely you have some of the qualities we ask to our waitresses... you know this is a restaurant for rich people, who not only ask nice food and an impeccable service, but they want graceful and smiling girls to serve them. The success of this place resides in our strict rules and is owed to all our wonderful waitresses... who are obviously well rewarded for their efforts."



"I will try my best to adhere to the rules and make the clients happy."



"Good! This is a very good attitude! I see that you already wear quite high heels, Sarah must have told you of our... dress-code here. What size do you wear? Five? Look for a pair of sandals in that drawer... you see, having a strict uniform means that I always must have a change for my employees, and since those sandals are especially made for this restaurant, better have a supply! Ah in the meantime, please strip of your clothes: our first rule here is 'no shyness'!"



It started to feel a little strange for Emily, but since Sarah had advised her not to be astonished by anything, and since Sarah already worked there and was safe, happy, and alive, she decided to fight her uneasiness and go on.



She found a pair of sandals of her size, and even before putting them on, they looked terribly uncomfortable. On a very thin and very narrow metallic sole, ending with a 5 inches metallic stiletto heel, was a very thin leather string that passed over the toes, then looped from both sides through a small hole behind the sole, and then ended in two very long ends, that had to be tied all around the calves up to the knees. She looked to Sarah quizzically and Sarah just nodded in response.



Then she sat down and removed her own sandals, her shorts, and fighting her shyness she removed also the rest. Her future boss was gazing intensely at her, and his intentions were clear, but what puzzled her was Sarah's gaze, that was somehow identical. She went on, and started to put on those terrible sandals. If her owns had been her last week's nightmare, those new ones would have been surely her next year's! The sole felt terribly cold and hard, and incredibly narrow: in its narrowest point it was almost half an inch wide, and it was of very little support for her foot! Not that the largest points were better: under her toes it was a few millimeters less than her foot, and under her heel it remained less than one inch. Saw from the front, her feet appeared completely nude, and felt from below, the sensation was they were actually nude, except they were forced in an unnatural and uncomfortable vertical position. The string was very difficult to adjust: if she pulled too much it hurt, but if she didn't, her foot wasn't supported at all. She tried her best and after a while she had her calves crisscrossed by the thin black string.



"Ok, stand up and walk for me, let's see how is your balance."



Yes, obviously, it seemed easy for him... but those sandals didn't collaborate at all! They didn't offer any support, it was just useless to try to lean her heels or soles: as Sarah had taught to her, she had to count only on her tiptoes, pretending not to have anything at all under her soles. It worked, but it was terribly tiring. The function of the string was more of cutting her skin and hurting her toes than of supporting her. Fortunately she hadn't to walk very long (this time... but what when she would have to run for 5-6 hours from table to table without a pause?) and the boss seemed quite happy: the effect of those sandals was always assured, making the hips and tits swaying, and all the muscles on the legs lovingly contracting.



"Ok, stay here in front of me, we have to talk about the rules and your salary."



It was clear that she had to remain standing, so she just stopped there, a little embarrassed of&nbsp; being completely nude in front of two dressed people, and not knowing were to rest her arms. Covering herself wasn't an option, so she decided to cross her hands behind her.



"I hope that Sarah didn't tell you about our rules... they are the little secret of our success."



"No, I just knew about the shoes and I saw Sarah's uniform."



"Ok, so let's start from that uniform. It must be worn without any underwear. Yes I know it sounds weird, since it's very short and it can reveal easily your nudities. But let's say that some of our clients would be quite happy to see a glimpse of your bare bottom and pussy. Some of our waitresses are so happy if a client is satisfied that they even prefer to bend over, to pick up something, instead of crouching! And after a while some get so used not to wear any underwear that they don't anytime", pointing to Sarah, whose labia could be slightly seen through the thin fabric of her dress. "This means also that all your hair, anywhere, must always be perfectly shaved. I see that you take your pussy quite in order but I'm sorry that if you want to work here you must get rid of that little bush".



"Second rule, still about the uniform. For equity, I decided that independently from the height, the ratios should remain the same. So even your shoes are a little higher than 5 inches, since originally they were designed for a size 4 half. Now the hips/waist ratio I decided is perfect for that kind of dress but is a little unnatural (but very attractive!), so many girls must wear a waist cincher to fit in the dress, and I think it will be your case, even if your figure is naturally curvaceous. Lets measure your hips." in the meantime Sarah, who knew the procedure, had already taken the tape and was measuring Emily's hips, that were founded being 36 inches.



"Now, the ratio to wear those uniforms is 9 to 5, that means that your waist should measure exactly 20 inches. Let's see if you can reach that measure and how comfortable you feel." Sarah had already reached for another drawer where there were some white brocade waist cinchers, and she selected one that could be used on Emily. Then she placed it on her from behind, closed the front hooks and started to tight the lace on the back. In the meantime Emily was still doing the very easy subtraction: her waist was 24 and something, so this meant that she had to reduce it of... FOUR INCHES! It was just impossible to achieve! How could she breath? But if Sarah did it almost every evening...



While she felt the tissue tighten and tighten around her waist, she tried to relax her muscles, but it was impossible due to those hateful sandals! Moreover, her feet had started to ache, but she wanted to resist, at least not to make Sarah ashamed. Then, after the interview, she could decide not to accept the job.



In the meanwhile, the boss was going on with his explanation: "Your salary will start very low, let's say about 300 euros/month, but it will increase every month of 200 euros, so at the end of the year - your first contract will be one year - you will get quite a lot. You will have to work 5 evenings a week: surely Friday and Saturday, and then other 3 days in turn. Moreover, when that contract ends, you will get a 4000 euros prize, plus all your tips that in the meantime we will collect - in your first year here you are not allowed to take tips. This is done to build our waitresses' loyalty, as well as to compensate for your inevitably poor performance in the beginning. I know well how difficult is to run with the plates from table to table with those heels and the waist so tighten, and to remain always smiling, so I don't expect you to perform well from the start. You will have to learn, to sweat, even to hurt, but I want you to assure that your strain will be rewarded in the end. After the first year your salary will remain the same, and&nbsp; this means that, including the tips, you could earn more than 3 thousands euros a month... Quite a lot for a waitress, uh?"



She listened, and Sarah tightened.



"I insist a lot on smiling because our first duty is for our clients. They pay a lot for their dinners, and even if we have some of the best chefs, our clients expect more from this place. They know they will be served by wonderful and sexy girls who love to make them happy. And don't think they are all men or there is any subtle kind of prostitution! They are often couples, sometimes even families! Clients' happiness will be your first duty, at any cost. This is a very important rule here: a client's dissatisfaction will be punished, as well as any other waitress' misbehavior. And this is the last thing I had to tell you: as long as you will work here, you will be subjected to my jurisdiction, and it includes corporal punishment if you misbehave. It can be very light like a spanking, or painful and harsh with a flogging or something worse. This is because our clients must know that whatever deluded them, will never repeat. And also because seeing other's pain is a good lesson to adhere to the rules. But don't worry: in your trial month you will never be touched, and if you learn well and always behave correctly, you will always be safe."



Long after she thought her waist was going to break or she would suffocate, the lacing ended, and her torso was forced to stay up, and with it her big bosom that now was fully and proudly showed. She had to breath much more lightly than normally, but at least she was alive. 'Always be safe'... this was already painful enough! How could Sarah survive in such a kinky place, working in such an uncomfortable condition, with the risk of being flogged? Ok the salary was very good - after one year - but she wasn't sure she could stand all those strange things. Yet she was kind of attracted by all this perversion. It was almost a challenge, and she always liked challenges. Moreover, Sarah had born all of this for almost one year, and though she saw her almost everyday, she never guessed anything. Yes she met Sarah in the second semester, but this meant that in less than 6 months she got used to it. If Sarah did, why she couldn't?



"Walk a little, and tell me how you feel."



"Well, I must admit that it feels quite strange and uncomfortable. I must breath calmly and my feet hurt a little. With all this change of posture it's a little difficult to keep my balance. But I think that with a bit of practice I can get used to that." She was lying: it was almost a nightmare to walk in that condition, every step was painful, and had to be carefully computed, because now she had to use completely different muscles to keep her balance. Her torso was useless, it was kept completely still. Her soles were useless, with all her weight on her tiptoes. Yet she managed to walk in quite a graceful way, not to delude her friend and her friend's boss.



"Very well! Emily, compliments, you seem born for this job! I am sure you will even learn to enjoy it! And we have here an example that it is actually possible" pointing to Sarah.



"Eheh... yes when I began I was just desperate to have a job, and I was very frightened by all the rules, the very tight dress, my nudities always exposed, the risk of the punishments... It's not an easy job, Emily, I have to tell you. I took it as a challenge, and it was very very hard in the beginning. For a month, every evening I went out of here almost crying from the pain, the embarrassment, the weariness. I cried every night, the morning at the university all my body ached, and I knew that in the evening I had to start it all over again. I was lucky that I had done years of ballet and walking on tiptoes wasn't a problem, but my natural hips/waist ratio was smaller than yours, so the waist cincher was much more painful on me in the beginning. I really hated it! But now I'm used to it, and I'm even happy of the hourglass figure it gives me: probably you didn't notice it but in the past 3 months I often wore it even during the day, under my normal clothes. Emily, I love this job. If I hadn't, I would have never proposed it to you! Don't you think? I trust you Emily, you can do it!"



"Yes, I am thinking of it... And this waist cincher doesn't hurt much... And I don't want to delude you. Ok, I will try this job." She couldn't believe what she had just told! Her body wanted only desperately to be freed from those tortures and go out of that place! Yet now she was walking to and fro with 2 plates, trying to show that she could not only walk, but even bring 2 plates, now 3 plates without losing her balance.



"Great! Surely Sarah will be happy to train you... it's almost time to start the evening, so, why waste time? I have other things to do: Sarah, take Emily to the changing room, pick a dress of her size and help her to wear it. This evening Emily will be your shadow, so she will see how to behave. Oh and please, ask for a razor and remove that bush, ok?"



Something clicked in Emily's head: all this challenge started to have a strange aura of interest, even arousal. Her body never felt all those sensations together, and all that pain and stimulation, all that shyness of being totally naked, was acting somehow like a drug, her judgment wasn't clear anymore, all she could think, over and over, was "I must win this challenge. I don't want to delude Sarah. I don't feel the embarrass, I'm not shy to expose myself. I must bear all this pain. I can beat all this pain. It is part of me, now and for the next year. I will get used to it. I want to learn to enjoy it."



















The Perfect Buns Restaurant



by Apollo



This story is intended to be quite long, and the start can be boring for people who like only the action. Still I hope you enjoy it! Feel free to write to me for comments and suggestions.



My native language is not English, sorry for the inevitable mistakes.



I'd really appreciate your suggestions for the continuation of the story!



apollo440 [the at here] lavabit [and a dot] com



--------------------------------------------

Second Part



"Hi Rose, this is Emily, our last acquisition"



"Hey, welcome to hell! Wow, nice boobs, compliments!"



"Ehm... thank you..." was Emily's simple reply.



"Shy? It's not the right place for you, then!"



"Well it's just all so strange... I'm not shy, let's say I feel uncomfortable"



"Yes, I know... But you'll get used to it! You see, now we are quite happy, we don't mind anymore!" in the meantime, Rose was already lacing the waist cincher around Sarah's waist, and it was changing completely her figure: from her natural 34 - 24 - 32 1/2, she was gradually forced into a 34 - 18 - 32, making her appear like a hourglass, as Emily already appeared.



"We should have the Palmers this evening... tighten it a little more, I want to have a good rating!" Emily couldn't believe her ears and her eyes: her petite friend had already had her waist reduced by 6 inches, and it had to hurt and block her movements a lot, and she wanted to suffer even more! "Hey, Emily, wake up! What do you have to stare at? Take a razor there in the drawer, and shave those hairs! Rose, c'mon, it's late, pull those strings! Close completely this damn cincher: this evening I want to be a wasp!"



All that resolution in Sarah's voice was new to Emily, moreover because it was aimed to hurt herself (and to expose even more Emily's nudities). But she knew that she had to do everything Sarah told her, so she reached for the razor, squatted on the toilet and started to remove the remaining hairs. It was a very difficult operation with that cincher that impeded her to bend, and she cut in a pair of places. In the meantime, she was assisting to Rose's dressing, whose slim body with a big round firm ass was probably the best for the uniform, and in fact the cincher changed her figure very little. But it had its contra, and it was clear when she wore the uniform: since she was tall, the hem of the skirt ended (when she was perfectly still) exactly at the hem of her buttocks. But when she walked the large fluffy skirt swayed a lot, and her ass was perfectly visible, as well as the outline of her labia. Emily was already startled by all this exposure, but her jaw dropped when Rose bent over at 180 degrees to lace her sandals (a movement she thought impossible to manage on tiptoes, but that was forced by the presence of the cincher) and seemed now like a fetish picture, with the skirt so risen that her buttocks were completely naked and her pussy perfectly on view between them.



"Stop staring at her ass! Yes, she has gorgeous buttocks, but you have too, and you will have the chance to show them as well! You are bleeding. Here, take this alcohol and napkin, and wipe your pussy clean!"



After a little moment to return on Earth "Alcohol? But it will burn!"



"And who cares? So you will get used to pain quickly! Come on! So I can put your dress on properly" Sarah also had already her uniform on, and with her petite body she seemed like a doll: over a thin white low-necked camisole, that arrived to cover up to her nipples (but that was so light that the erected long outline was perfectly visible), she wore the multi-colored dress, composed by a corset laced on the front, that circled under her breasts supporting them (but not covering them, leaving only the thin camisole), and then finished with the short large skirt. Her hair were gathered into a knot, leaving her neck exposed, and her slender legs were completely nude, except for the lace that crisscrossed her ankles, that emphasized the nakedness of her feet and their unnatural vertical position. It seemed impossible that she could walk and move so freely standing only on her toes, with her torso forced upright and her waist so incredibly reduced. The impression was that she was going to break in two, and when Sarah measured her reduced waist, Emily thought that her friend was completely insane: "The Palmers will be very happy this evening! 16 inches!"



When finally her uniform was on, Emily felt terribly exposed. The sensation was somehow actually even worst than be nude: the swaying of the skirt emphasized the little tiny border between being dressed or naked, and the whirls and fluttering sensation it produced on her buttocks made her constantly aware of her exposedness. If she looked at her boobs, they seemed practically naked: brought to improbable heights by the corset and the forced upright position, the round lines of her cleavage were left totally naked by the camisole, and even if her nipples and the lower part of her breasts were covered, the outline was really too visible to make her feel comfortable. The make up Sarah had applied on her face was in the middle between gothic and slutty: the powder made her face vary pale, so that the red glossy lipstick emphasized her succulent lips. In addition to all of this, her feet felt already very tired by that vertical position, and she almost stumbled a pair of times.



"Emily, may I give you a suggestion? Concentrate on your legs: feel and control every single muscle. Instead of just trying not to fall and save the strain, push against the floor, tensing voluntarily your muscles."



Emily tried to apply Rose's suggestions, but her feet and legs were already very sore. She could push and resist in tension for a minute, but then the strain was too much and she had to go back to try to lean on the (useless) heels and soles. 



"I think you should follow the special gym class that Michael - our boss - has organized in the near sport center. I felt unstable like you in the beginning, but now it's much better. Obviously ballerinas don't have this kind of problems..." pointing to Sarah, who was pirouetting and dancing elegantly, even if so constrained. "Hey, take this, put it into your pussy!" 



Emily was given a vibrating egg, and saw Rose and Sarah inserting deeply another pair "Must I? I mean, is it part of the rules???"



"No no absolutely! It's just a little ritual we do every evening before work, just to give us a lift! You know, some pleasure can make the pain more bearable! But be careful not to come! The important thing is the tension you can build and that will accompany you during the evening. Eventually, only after finished the evening, you can give yourself an orgasm, to reward yourself for all the pain and effort."



Emily felt now completely in a parallel universe, so she followed the suggestion without questioning, and waves of pleasure suddenly started to produce in her body, demanding her to relax. But obviously she couldn't relax any single muscle, so she started a terrible fight to remain tensed. Every step was a problem, and she stared at Sarah, who had resumed her dance, and was now hopping out of the dressing room. "Hey, come, let's eat some food before beginning to work!"



Eating with the waist so tightened was almost impossible: Emily felt she just hadn't any place where to put the food. And the stimulation in her vagina wasn't helping her at all, plus the cold metal under her bare buttocks. Sarah had her same problems, with her waist reduced more than usual, and was in fact eating just a soup, while Rose seemed at ease, probably because her natural waist had to be reduced of just 2 inches. They introduced Emily to the chefs and the rest of the staff, who seemed nice people. They explained some of the practices they used, but Emily had a lot of problems to concentrate, due to the stimulation that was bringing her on the edge of an orgasm. Fortunately all the distress from the rest of her body distracted her enough, but after a while it became very annoying. It seemed to be a common problem, in fact Sarah excused herself and went back to the dressing room, and Rose did it as well, so she felt entitled to go away as well, to remove that egg.



Since it was Wednesday evening, they didn't expect many people to come. The first clients who arrived were two businessmen, who had never been there, and Rose was assigned to them. They were quite astonished by her beauty and her nakedness, and complimented a lot about her cleavage, which was just a little smaller than Emily's. Rose replied with a big smile and seemed very pleased by their appreciation, and did everything she could to please their eyes. While pointing to the specials of the day on the menu, she bent of 90 degrees, putting her tits on their faces, in turn, while giving a full view of her ass to the other. And when she saw that one of them leaned out to watch better into her crack, she even winked at him!



After a while they worked there, it was for those girls an automatic reflex to behave like that, and they were even pleased of the sexual appreciation they received. It had cost them a lot of training, obviously, first to loose completely the shyness or even the disgust to be treated like sexual objects, and then to become sexy machines trained to act erotically and enjoy the lustful feedback. Sarah's reaction on the bus was a typical result of that training: she had accepted with gratitude the perverted attentions that one year before she would have found disgusting, disrespectful, violent, invasive and much more.



After a little time, during which they hadn't permission to seat, because everybody had to be always available (causing even more distress in their feet and legs, forced to stand still like statues), the Palmer family arrived, and Sarah welcomed them warmly. Mr. Palmer, an handsome and dignified man, dressed in a grey suit and red tie, was accompanied by his wife, a wonderful and courteous woman in a tight long black dress and high heeled sandals that exalted her slim figure, and his daughter Mary, a lovely 14 years old dressed in a white brocade extremely-tight very-short tube, that ended just above her small tits, and just below her buttocks, leaving her long firm legs completely naked, adorned only by matching white high-heeled flip-flops.



"Hi Sarah! It's so nice to see you again!"



"Hi Mary. I'm very pleased as well"



"Do you like these? They are 4 inches! I won the dance display, and so I obtained to buy these sandals, this dress and to come here to dinner!"



"Hey, compliments!" and then to Mr. and Mrs. Palmer "I always knew your daughter is talented, she will make a lot of way!"



"I don't know, she needs more concentration, more discipline, more self-command." replied Mrs. Palmer.



"But we are very proud of her! And we wanted to give her this little prize. You know, she is very fond of you: you studied ballet as she does, and you are her example of abnegation and stoicism, for the endurance of strain and pain."



The little girl wanted to impress Sarah: "Yes, I know that endurance is an important quality in ballet, and in life in general. And I want to improve. For example, I looked for sandals as similar as possible to yours, and found these. You see" raising a foot and in the process uncovering an inch of her buttock "the sole is very narrow, so I have to support myself on my toes as you do: I'm constantly in semi-pointe! And the string between the toes is very thin, I can assure you that it hurts!"



"Yes I know well those sandals, I wore their twins yesterday! They are lovely!"



"You mean that you wore them all the day long?"



"Yes, I'm used to worse. But maybe you should wait a few years..."



"I want to try, I like to challenge myself.... For example this dress can be tightened on the waist, so I can have a smaller waist, as you do. You see, I'm 20 inches instead of my normal 22! I know that my natural waist is already small, but I want to keep it so and improve it! Hey, but you look thinner than usual this evening! Did you change something?"



"I hoped you noticed that! Yes, I'm 16 inches now!"



"Wowwww!!! I esteem you so much! I want to become like you!"



"Training, Mary, just training..."



In the meantime they were seated, and Emily's presence urged to be explained: "She's Emily, my friend, this is her first day here, so she is a little clumsy. But I'm sure she will learn quickly."



"Hi Emily, nice pair of tits! Compliments!" said peacefully Mr. Palmer, provoking a hatred sight from her wife.



"Thank you, Mr. Palmer" was all Emily could reply. While they were going back to take the menus, Sarah hissed in her hear "Stupid! You should have bent over to offer a better view! Take a chance now, giving him the menu". 



With her feet that now hurt terribly, her muscles tensed in the effort to keep her balanced, she managed somehow to bend over at 90 degrees without falling, and in the meantime to fake a lovely smile, while her tits swayed in front of Mr. Palmer's lustful eyes. What she didn't considered was the speed of the operation: trying to do it very quickly, the sway she created was too abundant, and her tits went out of the camisole, remaining completely naked when she straightened. The thing didn't go unnoticed by the two businessmen at the other table, who started to clap their hands. "I'm very sorry..." red in face she had started the even more embarrassing operation of putting her jugs back, when she was stopped "You don't have to be sorry of such abundance! Instead, please leave them out, now that you kindly showed them". But the final taunt came from Mary: "Are they real or fake?"

She reasoned quickly and understood that she had to stay calm and manage the situation according to the rules and practices of that strange place, so she adjusted the camisole beneath her breasts, fiercely straightened her bust to better show her naked tits, and with a warm smile replied "They are real, luckily!" Inside she was dying from the shame, but she was learning not to betray her emotions (and she necessarily had to, otherwise her face would have been a mask of pain: from her feet, legs and waist).



"They are wonderful, I wish mine were the same!"



"You are still young, who knows, maybe in the next years..."



"No, mine will be like mum's..."



"Sweetheart, large breasts are not for ballerinas. They are vulgar, we must be elegant instead" was Mrs. Palmer's resentful reply, that closed the conversation.



After they ordered and Emily was given her first plates to bring (balancing ever more difficulty as the time went by and the strain in her muscles increased), her boss eventually noticed her boobs' nakedness: "Is it a new fashion?" he joked, and without giving Emily the time to reply "anyway it's very nice, you boobs sway lovingly while you walk: why don't you always stay this way? It's just a suggestion, obviously, but it seems our clients appreciate it a lot!"



The rest of the night went on without problems, there were no other clients, and both the Palmers and the businessmen left very early. The only other challenge for Emily was when, after asked permission to her parents, Mary asked if she could touch Emily's tits. Emily's mind was so overwhelmed by the tiredness that she agreed automatically, and Mary happily fondled her big breasts, raising even some pleasure in Emily, whose judgment was now completely out. Her mother hated that, and her father secretly envied Mary, but the problem came when the two businessmen asked cheerfully (after a full bottle of wine) if they could do the same thing. She had to accept, but in her mind a voice said "whore, bitch, you are letting yourself to be treated like a piece of flesh", while she tried to maintain her lovely smile, even if bending had become a painful exercise, and in addition there was also the pain from the businessmen's harsh pinching at her big erect nipples. She managed the situation, with resources she didn't think she had, and everybody (except her, and Mrs. Palmer) was very happy when left the restaurant.



Back in the dressing room, Sarah and Rose had put the eggs back inside at the shout of "Orgasm time!", at their maximum speed, and had started to masturbate, instead Emily had just inserted the egg to imitate her friend, but was too shy to masturbate in public, so she removed her dress, sandals and cincher, remaining completely naked, and felt suddenly better. She started to inspect her hurting feet, finding (to her disbelief) that there was no cut from the string and no blister from the friction, just a lot of redness, sign that Rose's suggestions had worked (and maybe she had to go to the near gym), when suddenly the lights went out. Sarah was startled like her, but Rose instead began to sing "Happy Birthday", and soon the rest of the staff arrived, bringing on a trolley a big cake with 19 candles. Sarah was very moved and started to cry from the joy: in all the concentration needed for her job, she had even forgotten it was her birthday!



She blew out the candles, but when she started to remove the first, she realized there was something strange: it took long to pull out, and the base... it ended with a needle! She was puzzled, but then they turned on the light and she found that the cake was actually an ass, in a contortionist pose, and from the voice that came out of the trolley she discovered it was Lara's ass, another waitress who was a good friend (and who was a truly masochist) and who came purposely that evening to act like a cake. She had resisted inside the trolley for half an hour, lying on her nape and neck, her back vertical, ass up in the air (the only part sticking from the trolley), legs bent over her bust, feet behind her head, with her ass coated with hot chocolate, custard and whipped cream, and pierced with 19 needles ending with 19 candles. And all this suffering, just to make this surprise!



Sarah knew it was a very special present: Lara had offered her suffering to her, and according to the restaurant's practices, it was the best offering one could make. In one year it had happened just once, but it was different, since it was for their boss' birthday and they had organized a special choreography that was just a little painful, for everybody.



They ate the "cake" directly from Lara's buttocks with the spoons, and as an exchange Sarah decided to lick Lara's ass and pussy clear of the remainings, with her first real lesbian act in her life, that ended with Lara's exploding orgasm.



Then she opened the other presents. Her boss gave her a choker, that she wore at once. It was made by very thin chains of white gold, spaced out with thin vertical bars: its width was almost two inches, and she suddenly found that it was very very tight around her neck, cutting much of her air, the few air that remained with her waist already so tightened. It was a wonderful, sadistic gift. She thanked him very much and went on with the other gift. The card read just "Your sister Meredith found them somewhere, and they ask you to start again." Inside the box she found her beloved pointe shoes, and she didn't resist the urge to put them on. The operation was actually very difficult, with her cincher still so tightened around her and that torturing collar: she couldn't bend anything in her body, but after a while she was walking in her beloved shoes, ready to go en-pointe. 



Everybody in the room was just stunned watching Sarah dancing gracefully on her points, her frame so thin due to the cincher that reduced her to an incredible 16 inches, every muscle in her legs tensed, and still she was obviously happy, with a big smile on her face. She felt the egg vibrate inside her, but tried to ignore it: she liked so much to dance that she didn't want to be distracted by anything, was it pleasurable like the egg or painful like the cincher and the choker. Although her movements were impeded by these restraints she managed to be graceful, although her breath was extremely short she sustained the heavy effort of dancing on points for a few minutes. All these sensations summed over time: the pleasure, the pain, the strain to balance, the lack of oxygen, but she went on dancing, trying to keep everything under control, but feeling that her body was starting to betray her. In fact after a while the physical effort was too much for that little available oxygen, and suddenly she didn't understand anything, just felt a big orgasm exploding inside her, and their colleagues saw her fall on the floor and have convulsions for a good half minute. Rose's orgasm, that was mounting inside her since the start of the party, exploded at that sight.

When they started to be worried, fortunately she regained her consciousness, and thanked everybody for the wonderful gift: "Ok, I promise in front of you that I will start again my ballet classes. You are just incredibly kind: you knew how I miss them!"



"Well, actually maybe it would be even useful for a little project I have in mind" glossed her boss, leaving everybody with a question mark. The party was over, Emily and Rose had already worn their normal clothes (Emily desired desperately her sneakers, instead of those other pair of high-heeled sandals), Sarah instead, after having washed her face and removed the pointe shoes, was chatting with a chef, with the cincher still reducing her waist of painful 8 inches. As many other times, he was offering a lift, since taking the bus at that hour could be risky. She knew what he wanted in exchange, but it wasn't a problem since she liked him. This evening it was a little different just for the fact that she asked to give a lift to Emily as well, and he asked her to keep the cincher on, since he was very excited by her wasp waist. So she wore her light minidress over the cincher and slipped again in impossible heels, then went to Emily who watched her in disbelief: how could she appear so relaxed and joyful after such a tiring evening, so much pain (and pleasure), and still endure some of it, if not in her feet, surely in her waist.



It was the end of the summer, and the night was already cold: Emily and Sarah were more than half naked, with their legs and arms totally uncovered, and very thin dresses. Their skin went to goose, and their nipples protruded fiercely through the thin fabrics. Emily sat on the backseat and quickly fell asleep: she was just too tired. Sarah instead started to tease Bob's cock, and when they stopped to let Emily get out, his dick was hard in her hand. Emily just didn't want to know: she was too tired and just wanted to forget everything and sleep, so she said goodnight and stumbled on her heels up to her door, went inside and collapsed on the bed still dressed.



Sarah instead still hadn't finished her day: they drove to a secluded place, then, as she did other times, she removed her little dress, went out, bent over at 180, with her legs crossed and perfectly straight (so it was even more uncomfortable and unstable, with an incredible strain in her toes and every muscle in her legs tensed, buttocks included) until she was able to grab her ankles with her arms, and remained in that position to wait Bob's cock. It didn't took long: with a single thrust Bob entered her ass, causing a gasp out of her mouth, but she remained still, perfectly balanced, feeling and perfectly controlling the tension in every muscle. Then Bob started to pound in her ass, and this time the sensation was heightened by the very little space left inside her by the cincher. The force that tightened her from the outside, this evening was much stronger than she had ever experienced, and its unbeatable strength contrasted the force that expanded her from the inside. In the middle of this clash there was her flesh, her muscles, nerves, blood, that nothing could do: they just had to surrender, to displace and compress, to submit to the unavoidable pain. She stayed still, almost pleased by her ability to endure all that pain, and felt his cock tear inside her, his balls slapping against her pussy, sign that despite all he had managed to thrust all his 8 inches inside her. He liked the renewed tightness in her ass, and although normally he liked to prolong as much as possible his victims' suffering, the pleasure was so intense that after a few minutes he exploded, and she felt the hot fluid splashing inside her.



When he pulled out, they found some blood on his cock, but it wasn't new: the strange sensation for Sarah was that she couldn't manage to keep the fluids from leak from her. The pressure exerted by the cincher was too strong, even if she clenched her anus, and a trickle of semen and blood started to flow from her ass on her legs.



"You won't dare to stain my car, would you?"



"Have you got a tissue? I don't have any"



"Uhm... no, sorry. But you could seat on your dress." and he took her white linen minidress, folded it and placed it on the seat. She knew that it was useless (and maybe even harmful, since he was the most important chef in the restaurant) to discuss, so she just seated, dressed only in her cincher and sandals, with the trickle staining her sexy lovely dress, trying not to feel the pain inside her guts, and she gave him a warm smile.



They drove to her gate, and since her dress was unwearable, she went into the palace and up to her apartment practically naked, or probably even worst, with her waist perversely reduced to a small circle, her feet vertically stretched into her sandals, and a trickle of semen and blood still running on her legs. She closed herself in her bathroom, finally undid the laces and removed the cincher, took a big long vibrating dildo and under a hot shower she masturbated furiously until she had a powerful orgasm, and finally she allowed herself to collapse under the hot stream, freed of all the self-imposed constraints. 







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Apollo


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





