BDSM Library - To Punish a Thief




To Punish a Thief
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young women's attempt to steal from her boss.






To Punish a Thief

By Rockbohunk



Ron had a problem. He was co-owner in a small country bar in Northwestern Wisconsin. Lately his till was coming up a little short and suspected a new girl he had hired three weeks earlier. 

There is a joke that out of a twenty dollar bill, most bartenders will give away five, drink five and steal five. That just doesn't leave much for the gross profit, especially in a rural farming community. 

Ron only had two part time bartenders besides himself and his silent partner. He had to find out who was skimming his profits. 

Ron installed a surveillance camera in the ceiling tile above the till that recorded every transaction. He hated that it had come to this, but he despised thieves. 

It was a Saturday night about 7PM when his new hire, Danielle showed up for her shift. She always dressed provocatively, wearing blue jean shorts and a tube top. Danielle was twenty two years old, blond hair, blue eyes and only five foot-six. She was gorgeous and new it, a real cock tease. 

Ron watched the video in the living quarters behind the bar. He was shocked of how much Danielle was actually pocketing. About every other transaction, he would watch her slide a bill into her pocket. He knew that she had to go. 
Ron wondered of how he was going to handle the situation, He really didn't want to involve the cops. He hated cops. The justice system would only slap her hand anyway. She needed to be taught a lesson. One in which she would remember. 

Ron waited until 1 AM, walked into the bar, bull shit with the four remaining customers then asked Danielle if he could see her in the back for a second. 

Danielle agreed and joined Ron in the living quarters. 

Ron said jokingly, "I have a surprise for you.,,, close your eyes." 

Danielle looked at Ron questioning his intentions. Ron just smiled at her. "Close your eyes." 

Danielle giggled, then shut her eyes. Ron grabbed her arms and held then out in front of her. "Keep then closed, Okay?" 

Danielle nodded, then felt the cold steel of handcuffs sharply cross her wrists. Danielle screamed. "What the fuck?" 

Ron grabbed the rope that he attached to the cuffs and led Danielle back into the bar. He threw the rope over the beam near the pool table and secured it leaving Danielle with her arms over her head. 

"What's going on?" Danielle asked while trying to undo her restraints. 

Ron went back into the living quarters and brought out the video tape he had recorded of Danielle's previous transactions. 

"We have here a thief," Ron said as he inserted the tape into the bar VCR. 
Danielle stood there speechless watching time and again herself stealing money from the till.
 
"Call the cops," one patron yelled out. 

Danielle cried, "Please no, I won't do it again. I promise!" 

Ron sat at the edge of the pool table near Danielle. "I've given this a lot of thought, and you must be punished." 

"I know that you love to shake dice with the customers.,, I'm going to let the customers help me punish you." 

"No," Danielle sobbed. "Please no. I'll pay you back."
 
Ron grabbed the dice box and brought it back to the pool table. 

"C'mon guys," Ron said motioning with his arm. "Pull up a seat." 

The four remaining guests consisted of a young married couple in their twenties, and two men, one in his late twenties and the other about forty-five. They grabbed their bar stools and positioned them around the pool table near the end that Danielle was standing. 

"Here's the rules," Ron said. 

"We all get one shake at a time, One flop." 
"four of a kind, all naturals, and you may remove an article of clothing" 
"Five of a kind, all naturals, and this thief will give you a blow job." 
Danielle fought with her restraints and softly cried, "no." 

The young lady customer spoke up, "Well, that's all fine and good if I had a dick, what do I get if I win?" 
Ron thought for a second.,, "What do you want?" 
"I think she should at least eat my pussy," The lady barked. 

"That deserves a drink," Ron said as he brought the bottle of tequila and six shot glasses over to the table. He poured five shots and toasted with the remaining guests. Ron filled the remaining shot and brought it to Danielle. He held it to her lips, then tipped it up. 

"Play nice," he said as he walked to the door and locked it. Ron shut off the remaining "bar open" signs and sat back down in his chair
. 
Ron grabbed the dice box. "Ladies first," then handed it to his guest. She shook, one flop as Danielle watched the dice roll onto the table. "Three sixes, nope, next," Ron said. 

Danielle cringed at every shake of the dice. The dice box went around twice before the younger of the two rolled four threes. 

"We have a winner," Ron said. "You may remove an article of clothing.,, your choice." 

The young man walked around Danielle touching her bare stomach. "Please, no," Danielle begged. 

Danielle knew there was nothing she could do. She was scared and completely helpless. 

He grabbed the top of her tube top and pulled it down slowly exposing her firm 34C's. 

"Very nice," Ron said. "Take that damn tube top all the way off." 

The young man stretched and pulled it over Danielle's hips until it finally fell around her ankles. "That's better, Who's fuckin' shake is it?" 

The dice box made it's rounds until the lady's husband rolled four natural five's. He smiled at his wife and quickly knelt before Danielle. He unbuttoned her button, then slowly pulled the zipper downward. He pulled down slightly, then paused as he felt the bare skin of her soft ass. He continued downward as the rest of the group looked on, watching, and waiting. The jean shorts dropped around her ankles leaving Danielle standing there wearing only her tennis and her thong. 

The man got up slowly knowing his wife was watching his every move. He sat back in his stool and gave his woman a long hard kiss. 

They continued shaking, making the rounds as Danielle looked on. After several rounds, the lady shook three natural five's and two sixes. "Close enough," Ron said. "Your turn." 

The lady walked over to Danielle and kissed her softly on the lips. She ran her hands down over her breasts and teased each nipple. The lady knelt down in front of Danielle and placed her fingers on the waistband of her thong. Danielle whimpered and gasped as she rolled the thong downward exposing her shaven pussy to everyone in the room. The lady placed her hand on the inside of Danielle thighs to pull the thong the rest of the way down, then finally off. "Her pussy is wet," the lady said as she grabbed the thong and brought it back to her husband to enjoy. 

Ron stood up and walked over to Danielle. He grabbed the rope that had suspended her and untied it from the cuffs. He handed Danielle the dice box and told her to shake. 

"One flop," he said. This will determine how many times my paddle will fall across your bare ass." 

Danielle looked at Ron with pouting lips and threw the dice on the table. "Two five's, a six and a pair of deuces.,,, twenty ,you got off lucky." 

"Watch her," Ron said as he left the room to go to the living quarters. He returned carrying a briefcase that he laid down on his bar stool.
 Danielle watched closely as he opened it. The case consisted of sex toys, plugs, whips and the sixteen inch wooden paddle that he retrieved from the back. 

Danielle stood there, legs together, wearing only her tennis shoes. She looked at Ron.,, "Please Ron, please no." 

Ron grabbed her by the cuffs and laid her across the pool table. He looked at the younger of the two male patrons and told him to hold her. He grabbed the cuffs from Ron and pulled Danielle so she lay over the side pocket. 

Danielle sobbed laying face down on the table. Her ass was now exposed to everyone in the bar. 

Ron slapped Danielle on the ass." Spread those legs!" 

Danielle cried and pleaded with Ron. "Noooooooooo." 

Ron grabbed his spreader bar from the briefcase and screwed it together. It was a home made three piece set made from paint extension handles and eye bolts. He grabbed his ankle restraints, then Danielle by the left leg. He strapped the leather restraint around her ankle, then attached one end of the spreader bar. 
Ron grabbed Danielle by the right ankle and attached the leather restraint. "Spread your legs. thief.,, I'm not going to tell you again." 

Danielle didn't move. Ron pinched Danielle just inside her right thigh causing her to relax enough to hook the hardware to the spreader bar.

 "You're right, she is wet," Ron said as he parted Danielle's labia. 

Danielle never felt so vulnerable in all her life. She could feel the eyes of everyone glaring at her. Several thoughts were going through her mind. What did Ron have in mind for her, and what about everyone else? 

All at once Danielle concentration was broken by something cold dripping, then running down the crack of her ass. She could feel the liquid parting her pussy lips down to her clit. She could feel her ass hole being forced open.

OW," Danielle cried, but Ron continued. 
 
""Relax," Ron told her as he fingered her asshole making sure it was well lubricated. "I'm gonna stick a plug in your ass." 

Danielle tried to relax, but it hurt. She had never ever had anything stuck in her ass. Her ex-boyfriend had tried, but her ass was an exit only. 

Ron grabbed a medium size butt plug and slowly inserted part way. 

Danielle cried, "Stop, stop!" but Ron pushed until the plug bottomed out. 
Ron threw the handcuff keys to the younger man. 

"Unlock the metal cuffs and put these on," throwing him leather restraints. 

Danielle was glad to get the painful metal off from around her wrists, But she still lay there helpless. 

The older of the two men helped with the restraints, then pulled her arms taught across the table. 

Ron grabbed the paddle and laid it on the table in front of Danielle. "You have twenty of these coming. Cry out and I will make sure you get more." "Understand?" 
Danielle looked up at Ron and in a soft voice. "Yes." 

Ron grabbed the paddle off the table and walked around behind Danielle. She braced herself for the pain.,,, she waited what seemed like minutes until the first of twenty struck her bare bottom.
 Danielle screamed out in reflex forgetting what Ron had told her moments earlier. 
"Tell me I just didn't hear this thief cry out," Ron said sternly. 

"I'm sorry," Danielle cried. 

"From now on, you will refer to me as Sir, understand?" 

Danielle nodded, then Ron unleashed the second swing of the paddle.

 Danielle bit her lip trying not to scream out. 

"Do you understand?" Ron asked again. 

"Yes Sir," Danielle said softly. 

Ron swung the paddle twice more each time reddening Danielle's ass more. 

Ron passed off the paddle to the young lady.,,,, "You each have four swings. Make them count." 

Danielle braced herself for each swing. Her ass burned more with every blow. One by one, the customers took their turn with the paddle until the ladies husband finalized the last blow. 

Danielle lay there exhausted and relieved. 

Ron walked behind Danielle.,,,
 
"So thief., are you going to steal anymore?" 

"No," Danielle said in a soft voice. 

"WHAT?" Ron asked as he shoved two fingers into Danielle's wet pussy. 

Danielle gasped.,,, "No Sir." 

Danielle didn't know what scared her more., being at the mercy of the five of them or being turned on more than she had ever been in her life. 

Ron pulled his fingers out slowly making Danielle unconsciously push towards them. Ron tasted her sweet juices, "mmmmm, Let's see if we can get this tight pussy wetter, shall we?" 

Ron grabbed the Ben Wa balls from the briefcase, then a vibrating egg. One at a time he slid the balls in all the way.
 Danielle found herself moaning under her breath as Ron slid the bullet in deeply, then wiggled his fingers. 
"Stand her up," Ron said, grabbing the control for the vibrating egg. 

Ron pushed a couple chairs out of the way to open a bare spot on the floor. 

"Set her down over here," Ron gestured. 

Danielle sat on the cold floor pushing her plug deeper into her ass. 

Ron knelt down and connected her wrist restraints to her ankles. He then grabbed a blindfold from the briefcase and placed it over Danielle's eyes.
 
"One flop, high shake get his cock sucked by the thief." 

Ron said as he handed the dice box to the man on his left. 

Ron looked at the woman and smiled.,,, "We will work something out." 

Danielle listened closely as she heard the dice roll on the pool table. Her ass cheeks still burned from her punishment and found it almost impossible to get comfortable. Every move only made her more aware of her plug deep in her ass. 
The first shake added up to a total of nineteen, and the box was passed to the woman. 

"I'll pass," she said and slid the box to her husband. 

A smile came over his face as he rolled a total of twenty-two. 
The young man grabbed the dice box and slammed it down on the table. Everyone looked on as he added up the total. Two sixes, a five, a four and a pair of deuces.,,,,,"Twenty-five," he exclaimed. 

He passed the dice box to Ron and he just shook his head. 
"Enjoy her" 

The young man waisted no time at all walking over to Danielle. His cock ached from the torment of watching Danielle naked there before him. He pulled down his pants and pulled out his swollen cock. Danielle could smell his musky fragrance and felt the wet tip of his hot cock on her lips. 

Ron walked over to Danielle. 
"Suck that cock, thief," as he turned on the vibrating bullet. 

Danielle felt the egg vibrating deep inside against the Ben Wa balls. 
She opened her mouth to accept this strangers cock. She no longer could see, but all her other senses were working overtime. 
He shoved his cock into her mouth guiding her with her long hair. He fucked her face rocking her back and forth on the hard floor. 
Danielle moaned as the butt plug aroused her as it pushed deeper, the vibrations in her pussy and her total submission was making her start to lose control. 
Danielle could still hear the dice box in the background as this stranger fucked her face hard. She felt her hair being pulled hard and the man groaned loudly, 
exploding in Danielle's mouth and all over her face.
 
Danielle barely caught her breath and felt another cock teasing her lips. Danielle licked the head of his thick dick. She had no idea who this was. His cock throbbed up and down in her mouth. She sucked his cock slowly taking more and more until she engulfed his manhood all the way to his balls. 
She wanted to cup his balls with one hand and rub her aching clit with her other, but her hands were restrained firmly to her ankles that were spread wide. The man continued to rock Danielle shoving his cock into this helpless blond. 

Danielle's moans grew louder with her inability to maintain. The man held Danielle's head hard and forced his cock down her throat as he exploded inside. Danielle gagged with the massive amount of cum he had released. The man then pulled away and finished by wiping his remaining cum all over Danielle's face. 

Danielle sat there quietly, taking in all the sounds around her. She could now hear her vibrating egg loudly in her sopping wet pussy. She could hear people walking around her, but no one was talking. 

All of a sudden, Danielle felt a hand on her right breast, softly caressing, then teasing her hard nipple between their thumb and forefinger. She felt the gentle touch on her lips, kissing her softly. Danielle kissed back hesitantly. She knew that this was the pretty married woman that she had chatted with earlier in the evening. Danielle had never been with another woman before, but was excited at the thought. 

The woman whispered softly in Danielle's ear. "I want you to suck my husband while I watch." 

Danielle felt the heat of her husbands' cock at her lips. She licked the head and explored the shaft with her tongue. Danielle could hear the moans of the man and could feel the woman also licking him. 

The woman guided Danielle's head forcing her to take her husband deep in her mouth. 

Danielle was startled to feel the warm mouth of the woman on her right breast. Danielle continued to pleasure this woman's husband as the woman began to explore Danielle. She felt her aching pussy being touched and her wet lips slowly being parted. 
Danielle sucked harder as the woman slid two fingers deep inside her. Danielle felt the bullet being pushed into the Ben Wa balls causing an intense vibration. She felt herself starting to cum. 


Her butt plug seemed to generate a feeling deep inside that she had never experienced before. 
Danielle's toes curled, her fists clenched hard as she took this woman's husband deep in her throat. 

Danielle's muffled screams went unnoticed by the man who's knees went weak with his intense eruption. Danielle shook uncontrollably as the woman pulled her fingers from her sopping wet pussy. 
The woman kissed Danielle long and hard tasting her husbands' cum that was dripping from her face. 

Danielle hadn't even had a chance to catch her breath when she heard Ron's voice. "Pick her up and lay her on the table." 

She felt the vibrating egg sliding out of her as she was lifted from the cold floor. The bullet bounced and vibrated on the floor as they sat her on the edge of the pool table. 

"Lay her down," Ron ordered. 

Danielle felt even more exposed as she was laid on her back with her legs spread wide. 
Ron looked at the woman.,,"your turn." 

Danielle couldn't see but heard the sounds of someone undressing. What now, Danielle thought. 

Danielle heard the wolf whistles of the men around her. She heard a chair slide across the floor and the sound of someone getting on to the table. 
Danielle heard the whisper of the woman's voice. 
"I want you to eat my wet pussy."
 
The woman kissed Danielle softly on the lips, then licked her way slowly down her body. She felt her breasts being teased and licked, then her nipples sucked hard. The woman stopped and positioned herself above Danielle to be pleasured. She could feel the immense heat from between her legs and the moistness that ached to be touched. 

Danielle had never acted on her secret fantasy to be with another woman. It was just that, a fantasy. 

Danielle slowly stuck out her tongue and began to explore the woman. She loved the taste of her and loved the softness of her large labia. 
Danielle forgot everything around her and was lost in the moment. She could hear the moans of the woman as she parted her lips and tongue fucked her. 
The woman worked her body back and forth positioning herself so that Danielle could lap up every drop. 

Reality soon set in as Danielle felt her own pussy being lapped and teased. She squeezed her muscles as tight as she could as Ron slowly pulled the plug out of her ass. 

"Now, by God.,,, It's my turn," Ron exclaimed as he lightly tapped Danielle pussy. 

Danielle gasped. 
She felt her pussy lips being parted slowly. 
Ron continued pushing his throbbing cock in until it was all the way. He pulled it out as slowly as he pushed it in. 

Danielle shook and wanted the fullness again deep inside, but Ron had other ideas. 
Ron began to finger Danielle's forbidden hole. 

She knew his intentions and begged Ron to stop. 

"Stop?" 

"I'll stop when I think that you have learned your lesson." 
"I don't believe your learning yet." 

Danielle felt her virgin asshole being forced open by Ron's massive cock. 

"OW", Danielle cried.,, "pleeeeeeeeease.,,,, STOP!" 
"It hurts!" 

Ron slowly worked his cock into her tight ass hole. Danielle thought she would black out from the pain. Deeper and deeper Ron forced his swollen cock into her hole. 

Danielle's face was being smothered by the woman needing attention. Danielle worked through the pain to lick her swollen clit. 
Danielle felt hands on the inside of her thighs and on her breasts. She felt her nipples being squeezed hard and her clit being tapped rhythmically. 
The pain somehow began to turn to pleasure. Ron's huge cock sliding in and out of her while all these strangers touched her and looked on released a submissive side of her she hadn't known. 

Danielle licked the woman faster and faster as Ron thrust his manhood all the way inside. 
She screamed out loud as Ron fucked her harder. 

"Stop, stop , stop," she cried out gushing all over Ron's balls. 

Ron continued pounding Danielle as she had spasms from her intense orgasm. 

"Please," Danielle begged. "Pleeeeeeeeeeease." 

Ron only pounded her harder slapping her tender ass with every thrust. 
The woman above Danielle moaned loudly then collapsed above her soaking Danielle's face with her cum.
 
Danielle couldn't believe that she was about to cum again. She had known only shallow orgasms at best and they were always self induced. 
The woman rubbed Danielle's clit hard back and forth as Ron continued to take her ass. 

"OH MY GOD," Danielle screamed as she squirted all over Ron. "STOP!" 

Ron pulled out quickly and shot his load over Danielle's pussy and stomach. 
She lay there, exhausted, still shaking from her experience. 
Ron cleared his throat. 

"Next" 

Within seconds, Danielle felt her pussy being parted by one of the three remaining men.

Danielle lost count just how many more orgasms that she had. Her pussy, ass and mouth were used and abused many more times that evening. 
When they were finally through., Danielle still lay on the pool table on her back with her wrists still attached to her ankles and her legs spread wide. 

Ron removed her blindfold for the first time in hours. In fact it was daylight now. 
Danielle tried to get her eyes to focus, looking around to find no one left in the bar but herself and Ron. 

Ron took his time unhooking the wrist restraints. Danielle was finally able to hang her legs over the end of the pool table. 

Ron released the hardware holding her restraints to the spreader bar. Danielle could only lay there as Ron attended to her leather bindings. 

Ron assisted her to her feet. Her legs were weak as she tried to take a step. 
The remaining Ben Wa ball fell from her wet pussy and rolled across the floor. She held her head down not wanting to make eye contact with Ron. 

Danielle reached for her clothing, but Ron kicked them aside. He picked up her blue jean shorts and emptied the money out that she had stolen. 

Ron grabbed her car keys and walked Danielle to the door. 

He opened the door and threw the keys as far as he could down the driveway. 

"Consider this payment in full," Ron said as he grabbed Danielle by the wrist and forced her outside. 

He left her there, standing, naked in broad daylight. 

"Your Fired!"




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  rockbohunk


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





