BDSM Library - The Jacket




The Jacket
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A girl gets put in a straitjacket.






When we got to the cabin, I had no idea what was in store. My friend Grant had offered to take me up north to a cabin he had rented with his room mate Kevin and Kevin's girlfriend Kara.

Grant and I had been buddies for almost four years. We met during our freshman year of college and while we never dated, we definitely had the best friends with benefits thing going on from time to time.

When we got to the cabin, it was late Thursday night. Each couple had a room and the cabin was stuck in the middle of nowhere. It was still pretty nice, but we were clearly going to need to make a run back to town for food and other essentials.

Once we got unpacked, Kevin and Kara volunteered for the duty, leaving the two of us alone.

"Hey, I want to show you something," Grant said, pulling a heavy white canvas shirt out of his duffle bag. "I found this at a garage sale of all places. I thought it looked about your size." He held it up, showing me. It had strange arms, that were extra long, with no openings and buckles and straps all over it.

My jaw was hanging open when he showed it to me. "Cool!" I said.

"It is a straitjacket," he said, casually, "the woman who sold it used to be a nurse or something. Wanna try it on?"

I had a t shirt and pair of jogging shorts on at the moment and I shrugged and figured why not. Might be fun.

I smiled and nodded. "OK, I'll try it on."

I slipped my arms into the long sleeves and then he pulled the heavy canvas body of it up over my head and down over my chest.

I flapped my arms playfully in the long sleeves, laughing a bit.

He crossed my arms in front of me and fed the straps through loops in the side. He slowly pulled tighter and tighter until my arms were crossed and pressed flat against my chest, like I was giving myself a nice tight hug.

I bit my lip, squirming back and forth, giving him a fun little smile.

The front had a kind of loop built in so I couldn't raise or lower my arms at all.

He pinched my nose and smiled. "You look so cute," he told me, causing me to blush.

I gave him my cutest little look back.

The last part of it was a pair of straps that went in between my legs and came from behind and were buckled in front. Each strap was on the side of my pussy, causing the lips to part and splay a little. He couldn't see through my shorts, but I could feel it and suddenly I felt unbelievably vulnerable and exposed.

"OK," I said, still blushing, "Your turn to try it on."

He looked and me and smiled. "I think you are the only one it will fit. Kevin thought so too. And Kara."

I grew very confused. "What? What are you talking about?"

He shrugged and walked out of the room grinning.

"Hey! This isn't funny!" I protested.

He tilted his head and chuckled, "Actually it is." He reached out and stroked my hair, "I think you look sexy like this and I bet Kevin and Kara will too."

I panicked, twisting and squirming, trying to get free. "Let me out of this thing!"

"Now THAT was adorable!" he chuckled, watching me writhe and twist.

"Listen, you've told me you like this sort of thing over and over. And now that I am doing it, you want me to stop?"

I blushed, thinking of all the hints I had dropped over the years about my interests in bondage. I shook my head, looking down and blushing.

"If you really mean it, I will take it off and put it away. And we won't talk about it, I'll tell Kevin and Kara I chickened out."

My eyes widened, "What! They know?" I suddenly was struck by a huge wave of embarrassment and at the same time a sensation in my stomach and between my legs that made me feel like I was about to orgasm. I gasped.

"Listen, it's OK, really. They are totally cool with this. So just tell me you want it off and it comes off. But if you want to keep it on, it stays on until I say."

I tugged and twisted. How long would that be? An hour, maybe two, maybe all night?

"How long?" I asked.

"I won't tell you that, not until you have decided," he said.

He gave me a hug and whispered in my ear, "I think you are going to enjoy this."

I couldn't speak. I just nodded.

"Is that a yes," he asked.

I nodded again.

"I want to hear you say it. Do you want to keep the jacket on?"

I closed my eyes and whispered, "Yes." I paused a few seconds and added in the softest whisper, "Please."

He took out a medium sized padlock from his bag and I could hear him fumbling a bit with the straps as he turned me around. There was a small click and he laughed.

"Well, it isn't up to either of us anymore."

I tilted my head, looking at him, "What are you talking about?"

"The key to that lock is sitting on your dining room table. I left it there before we took off. So, it looks like you are wearing it until Sunday night. I guess we could cut you out if we need to, but I am not sure there is even anything up here that would do the job."

He leaned forward and kissed my forehead. "You are stuck, babydoll."

I tried to struggle free in earnest, wanting out of the jacket now desperately, feeling so trapped and so helpless.

Then, I blushed horribly as I felt his hand, first caressing my cheek and then my neck and then, as he pulled me closer, patting between my legs, where the two crotch straps had made an obscene bulge making my lips stick out, so their outline was visible through the stretched fabric of my shorts.

"Cute camel toe you have, Ko," he said, making me want to cover myself immediately.

He continued to run his hand back and forth along my pussy as I squirmed into his hand, getting past the embarrassment and starting to enjoy him touching me. As I started to let out soft little whimpers, he smiled and pulled his hand away.

"This is going to be so much fun," he said.

I wanted to grab him, pull him close, kiss him, anything to continue the sensations, but I couldn't do a thing. I looked at him with such desperation and such longing.

"So much fun," he repeated.

I felt my heart pounding as I really began to feel trapped and helpless. I bit my lip and arched my back a bit, offering myself to him, wanting him to touch me again, they way he had been. I parted my knees a little bit and looked at him, pleading with my eyes, blushing terribly, but overwhelmed with a feeling of need.

His hand ran up my right thigh, then my left. "Come on," I pleaded, "cut it out," starting to grow more and more frustrated. He didn't say a word, his hands just running up and down my thighs, so gently, so tenderly. I squirmed and looked into his eyes. "Please," I whispered.

"Oh, come on, Keiko," he said unsympathetically, "You know this isn't going to work. Remember our conversation last weekend?"

I closed my eyes, trying to calm myself and nodded slowly.

"And what did you tell me about being teased?" he asked.

"Oh God," I whispered softly, "that I like it."

"No, Keiko," he said, almost patronizing me, "You said you love it. And I didn't believe you, remember?"

I nodded.

"So you tried to convince me, didn't you?"

I nodded again, blushing more.

"Remember, I kept pushing and pushing and you kept swearing to me that you meant it," his hand was now tracing over my crotch, gently teasing me, making me squirm more.

I squirmed in the jacket, "Please don't do this, Grant, not now, please."

He chuckled. I wanted to pull away so bad, but the sensation felt so good and I began to grow more and more desperate and needy. And then he stopped, pulling his hand back away from me, no more than an inch, so close I could sense it but not feel it. He said nothing, for what seemed like forever.

My stomach was swimming with butterflies and deep inside I felt an overwhelming need to be touched. I tugged at my arms, trying to get free, to no avail and then, closing my eyes, I did what I knew he wanted. I pressed myself into his hand. He let me feel it, for just a second, before pulling it back and laughing. He took a step back and smiled, his hand still lowered, but now a foot or so away.

I took a step forward, trying to reach him, but as I did he would just pull his hand back barely out of reach.

"Oh, this is fun!" he laughed, as I grew more and more embarrassed. The more I needed it the more excited I grew and the more he teased me and pulled away, the more embarrassed I became. I could feel myself getting so excited, so wet. The way the straps were positioned, my shorts and panties were pressed tight against my lips and with each step I could feel them sticking to me, tugging at my lips as I moved.

Finally, he stopped and patted between my legs, so gently. I lowered myself a bit, spreading my knees, moaning as his hand gently tapped against my aching sex. My heart started to race.

"Remember," he added, "I said that if I teased you, I'd make you miserable."

"No," I lied, sounding a bit petulant.

"And you said, 'Maybe I like that kind of misery?'" he added, imitating my voice.

I shook my head, whispering "No, no, no," over and over again.

He started to laugh again, his hands now returning to my inner thighs. Every time they got close to my pussy, I'd squirm and press and try to make contact, to no avail.

He touched my cheek and smiled. "I know you want this and that you need it. And I am going to enjoy doing it."

All I could say was "Oh God."

"You can't stop it," he said, smiling wickedly. "But deep down, you don't want to, do you?"

I blushed and shook my head. I could feel my insides tighten at my admission.

"We have been planning this for a very long and this is just the start of it." He stepped back around behind me and yanked a couple of straps. I felt the jacket tighten on me more, my arms now completely immobilized, any squirming now would involve my whole upper body, which is exactly what I did, much to Grant's amusement.

His hand cupped me, between my legs, and I let out a soft involuntary moan. "You are going to be our tease toy, Keiko."

I swallowed, "Our?"

He nodded. "Yes, mine, Kevin's and Kara's."

I blushed looking into his eyes now.

"They don't know me like you do, this is too much, too embarrassing!" I protested.

"Oh, they know everything I know. We've been talking about you for months. And I am sure it is going to be highly embarrassing. That is the point. You should have never told me those things if you didn't want them to happen."

My head was swimming. I didn't know what to say. My mind was screaming "No," while my body was begging "Yes."

"We are going to tease and humiliate you. And I should warn you, Kara is especially looking forward to the humiliation part and she is very, very good at it."

"But, oh God,I stammered, squirming, not knowing what to say," blushing more. "But I thought you were my friends?"

Grant smiled. "We are. We are doing this because for almost two years you have been confessing all your secret fantasies to me, hoping I'd act on them, trying to get me to Dom you. You've known all along that it was what I am, what I do, even without me telling you. And once you thought I wouldn't you really started to let go, to trust me with your deepest and darkest secrets and feelings. Because you knew it was safe. Well, guess what. It wasn't. I knew right away I was going to do something like this to you. But I needed you to let your guard down, to confess to me, to tell me everything. And now that you have, you are going to feel it and live it. We are doing this to you because we are your friends, because we care about you, because we know what you need. We love you Keiko," he told me, brushing my hair back out of my face, "That is why we are doing this to you."

He looked into my eyes, looking for a show of understanding. I gave it to him. I looked back, deep into his eyes. Without saying a word, I communicated what was deep inside, yearning to get out, two simple words that I couldn't speak, but which I knew he understood, "Thank you."

"We are going to make all your dreams come true," he said reassuringly. "And your nightmares too." He leaned forward and kissed me gently on the forehead. I wanted him at that moment so desperately, to hold me, to touch me, to make love to me.

He knew it too. He stepped back and watched, not saying a word. I started to feel very aware of my helplessness once again, blowing out the side of my mouth, trying to get a few strands of hair that were covering my eye away from my face.

He smiled.

"So many things you can't do for yourself. Have you even thought about that yet?"

I blushed and shook my head.

He put his arm around my shoulder and turned me, walking me to the closet. He opened the door and gently directed me inside. As I turned around, I watched as the door swung shut. I could hear him laughing. Suddenly I was very aware of the fact that I couldn't use a door knob, especially a round one like this. I tried to push against it and roll it open with my body, but found it surprisingly difficult.

"OK, OK, you made your point, let me out!" I called.

There was no response.

It was hot in the closet and I was starting to sweat in the jacket. I banged against the door with my body and called out over and over.

"Not funny!" I protested. But I couldn't deny that something as basic as this was exciting me more. I wanted his attention, to be in his arms and here I was locked in a closet, unable to even work the doorknob.

It seemed like an eternity before it was opened again. The cool breeze felt good as I stood up, standing from a slightly slumped position.

He led me out of the closet and lowered me to the ground in a sitting position.

"See, even standing up is going to be tricky," he said amused.

I rolled back and forth, trying to get some leverage to stand and managed after several attempts to get on my knees and then awkwardly stand from there.

He seemed to enjoy watching me struggle.

"Very nice," he said, approving of my performance.

He returned now to caressing my cheek, looking into my eyes while his other hand rubbed my belly through the straitjacket and found its way slowly down between my legs. This time, though, he pulled my shorts waistband down and ran his hand inside my short and under my panties. My back arched and I moaned desperately, his gently touch sending shivers throughout my body. It made the jacket seem tighter. My belly and thighs tingled.

Like a slow boil I could feel it building, his finger brushing my clit ever so gently, I let out a series of short whimpers. So close to cumming and then it stopped. His fingers tracing my swollen lips. "Moooore," I moaned, "back where you were."

"Here," he asked, barely brushing my clit and sending me to the very edge of climax.

"Yesssssssssssssss, oh God," I cried out, stamping my feet and grinding into him, desperate for his touch, "One more, just a little, I am so close, God, please!"

"Nooooo," I protested and pleaded as his hand slipped out of my panties. I squirmed and thrashed, looking for any way to get stimulation. "You don't know what this is doing to me!"

I felt an enormous wave of frustration, I could feel an enormous gulf, a hole deep inside me, longing to be filled. Desperation, need, ache.

"Please, Grant, I will do anything, please?" I looked at him with the most desperate expression I could manage.

"Close your eyes," he whispered, "I am going to let you cum, I am going to give you a beautiful, mind blowing orgasm."

His hands ran over my belly and thighs again, and then over my panties and lips, carefully avoiding my clit, and then under and around, touching everywhere except the one spot I needed. I tried to squirm and guide him, but I couldn't manage to get the one sensation I needed. Everything was getting worse now, much worse. I could feel my eyes tearing up. If I didn't cum soon, I would burst!

"Pleeeeeeeeease!" I begged.

He laughed.

"Poor little Keiko," he said very patronizingly. I was thrusting and thrashing wildly as his hand pulled away again.

I looked at his as tears rolled down my cheeks, "You promised! You said you'd make me cum!"

He nodded. "But I didn't say when. Did I?"

I grew furious and for the first time, I really, truly and honestly wanted the jacket off. And I tried. I tried everything to get out. And the more I struggled and the more I hated it, the wetter I got.

"I don't want to do this anymore," I said, sobbing and crying.

Grant held me close and brushed my hair away from my eyes. "Yes you do."

With those words and a single touch, I would have cum. But there was no touch, the words just making it worse.

"Don't you?" he asked, much more firmly now.

I nodded, feeling ashamed of my own need.

He wiped my tears away. Tell me, "I want to be your tease toy."

I sniffled, feeling something inside me break down, "I want to be your tease toy," I repeated in almost a whisper.

"Good girl," he said, stroking my hair and smiling.

Our moment was interrupted by the opening of the door.

"We're back," Kevin called out.

My eyes widened and I looked into Grant's. My belly filled with butterflies again. 

I stepped out into the main room, blushing furiously at the sight of Kevin and Kara. They both smiled and laughed.

"See, I told you," Kara said to Kevin. She smiled and looked at Grant.

I glared a bit at Kara, "So this is your idea?"

She shook her head. "No, but I helped," she said, smiling like the cat who ate the canary. "And," she continued, setting the bag she was holding down on the table, "I found all sorts of fun things to play with. They were skeptical, but I never doubted for a moment that you'd go for this. I've been planning all sorts of wicked things for you for weeks now."

I squirmed and instinctively tugged at my arms, which made them all laugh.

Kara looked into my eyes and stepped closer. She sneered a bit and cupped her hand between my legs fondling me roughly. I began to squirm as it grew uncomfortable, which made her smile. I pulled away slightly, but her hand followed. I tried twisting and turning to get away, but it was too easy for her to keep in contact, squeezing me now, almost pinching.

"Owwwww," I whimpered. "Cut it out!" I protested.

She smiled. "Say please."

"Oh God," I whimpered.

She gave my pussy a tight squeeze.

"Please, stop, please," I pleaded.

"You know what," she said, still fondling, "I don't think you want me to stop any more than you want to be let out of that jacket."

I closed my eyes and moaned. "Have you ever had another girl touch you like this?"

I shook my head, biting my lip and moaning more.

"Well, well, well, looks like you'll be exploring all sorts of new things this weekend. Grant told us all sorts of things about you. We already know what a little bondage slut you are." Her words made my insides squirm.

"But Grant also told us how much you love being teased and humiliated. Does widdle Keiko wike to be embawwessed," she teased.

I blushed deeply.

"Oh My God!" Kara said, laughing, "She is getting so wet! I can feel it through her shorts!" She leaned over and whispered into my ear, "And I can smell you too, I wonder if the guys can. You had better hope not, because you are really a stinky little slut." She reached up and pressed her fingers to my nose. I tried to pull my head away, but she wouldn't let me.

When she finally removed them, I looked over in horror as I saw Kevin come out of the bedroom.

"Lookie what I found," he taunted, waving what I immediately recognized as my journal.

I shook my head, desperately, "OK, this has gone too far. I'm not kidding, there is personal stuff in there!"

"Oh, I know!" he said, laughing, "I've been reading it."

He opened it up and started to read, "Dear Diary," already I felt embarrassed, addressing my entries that way. "Grant is such a hottie. Why is it that my thoughts always turn to such twisted things when I think of guys like him. He's such a nice guy and all I can think about is how much I want him to be mean to me. All I can think about is how hot it would be to have him tie me up, tease me, and humiliate me. I've tried dropping hints, but he just doesn't seem interested."

They all broke out into laughter.

"Oh, this is a good one!' he continued, "Went to see Charlie's Angels last night. I almost lost it! There was this scene with Drew Barrymore where she has her mouth taped shut (and you KNOW how I love that!) and the bad guy takes a red marker and draws lips on the tape. So adorable, so silly, so embarrassing! I imagined that was me. In the middle of the movie I had to run out to the bathroom and masturbate, the thought was driving me insane. I imagined how I'd look, so silly and ridiculous. Even now, the thought has me dripping!"

Kara gave a mock expression of surprise and reached into the bag. Slowly she withdrew a roll of white 4" wide adhesive tape. She held it up and waved it back and forth in front of my face. I started to twist and squirm, embarrassed and so excited. I could feel my heart racing and my breathing growing more labored.

"Look guys! I think she likes it," Kara said. Kevin chimed in, "Maybe she should show us how much. Give it a big kiss, Keiko, show us how much you love tape!"

They all chuckled and watched as Kara held the roll of tape up to my lips.

I closed my eyes and puckered my lips, leaning forward, I pressed my lips gently to the roll of tape. Inside, my stomach tightened and I could feel my pussy tingling, wanting so badly to be touched. I kissed it again and again, wanting to feel the tape pressed on my lips, smoothed across my cheeks, over my eyes, on my nipples, over my pussy, everywhere!

"Please," I begged, "pleeeeeease."

Kara withdrew the tape. "Please what? What do you want?"

I turned deep red, so embarrassed. "I want my mouth taped. Please!"

Kara smiled and tore off a long strip of tape. Instead of taping me, she started to play with it and then, to my amazement, she put it over her own mouth! It made me want to cum instantly. She looked so adorable, so helpless, so silly, all of the things I wanted to be!

Slowly she peeled it off her face and smiled. "Mmmmmmm, that does feel nice." She started to move closer with the tape, but before pressing it on she stopped, teasing me with it. "The big difference is that I could take it off, you won't be able to!" With that she pressed the wide tape over my lips, sealing my mouth shut. It was surprisingly secure, I couldn't open my mouth at all or even wedge me tongue under the tape.

"Mmmmmmmmpppppfffff," I moaned, sending them all into hysterics.

Kara ran her finger along my cheek, over the tape and along the skin where the tape ended. "Now, you poor thing, how will you let us know when you need something?" Her smile was devious, "There are so many things you can't do for yourself. So you better be a good girl or maybe we won't help you."

Grant and Kevin were smiling too.

"Oh, I almost forgot!" Kara took out a lipstick and coated her lips in deep red. She placed her hands on my cheeks and pulled me close, planting a big kiss on the tape, right over my lips, leaving a bright red lip print.

My eyes widened in panic as the three of them laughed. "So cute and so silly!" Grant remarked. He ran his fingers over my taped mouth and leaned over whispering in my ear "Such a little tape slut."

I whimpered and moaned, trying to grind into him. "Tape slut, Keiko! That is what we'll have to call you from now on," he laughed.

I shook my head, so embarrassed.

He tore off a second piece of tape about 3 inches wide and stuck it on the table. Then another. I grew horrified as I watched him draw big eyes with lashes on each piece of tape and doubly so when he took them and pressed them over my eyelids, sealing them shut.

All I could hear, for what seemed like an eternity, was their laughter.

I didn't know what to do or feel. Finally, it subsided and without a word, I felt myself guided to the couch. I sat uneasily, needing help not to crash down.

Hands. Touching me everywhere, pushing my knees wide apart, exposing me. Just below the jacket, touching my belly, all over my thighs and pussy, so exposed and helpless, all I could do was moan and retreat into the sensations. Being touched whenever and however they pleased, anywhere they wanted.

Begging indistinguishable from protests.

Something cold against my thigh and a strange sensation. Cool air against my thighs and my skin. I raised my hips and squirmed and realized my shorts and panties were being cut away. Soon the last vestiges of my clothing had been cut off and I sat naked, soaking wet, my pussy throbbing and aching with need. I could feel my clit, swollen and desperate throbbing in time with the beat of my heart.

I waited and waited for one of them to touch me there, a rub, a touch, a brush. Anything! But nothing came. Each time someone got close, I squirmed and strained, bucked and moaned, trying to thrust myself into their hand, but always I found the sensation just out of reach.

The frustration started to mount. The jacket had been fun at first, then it grew comfortable, but now, suddenly it was too much, I felt trapped, lost, and alone. I wanted it off, I started to thrash and kick, trying to squirm out of it. I flopped helplessly on the couch, the touching sensations had stopped. I was getting angry now, desperate and furious. How could they do this to me? It wasn't funny anymore.

I tried to protest and get the tape off my mouth. Nothing worked. Nothing helped.

I started to sniffle and then I started to cry.

I felt arms wrap tightly around me, pulling me close, followed my Grant's voice in my ear, "We talked about this moment, Keiko and you swore to me that you would want to this to go on in fact your exact words were to "keep making it worse" which is what I am going to do. I am going to be hard on you, relentless and cruel, just like you asked me to be on so many different occasions. I was listening. I know what you need to feel and besides, there isn't anything you can do to stop this." His hand was between my legs again, teasing and touching. The frustration was unbearable. It had gone from pleasure to agony and he wasn't stopping.

Kara's voice, her hot breath whispering in my ear, "How does it feel? So helpless, all taped up? You look so funny, so ridiculous, and we'll never be able to look at you again without thinking of this, a silly taped up girl, squirming and moaning in her straitjacket."

Finally, the touching stopped. I heard Kevin's voice speak. "Have you thought about all the things you are going to need us to do for you, tape slut?"

I felt hands smoothing the tape over my cheeks and eyes, followed by around of laughter as I moaned and squirmed helplessly at the touch.

My breathing was growing heavier through my nose and more desperate, my heart was pounding, and every nerve seemed to be on edge. Every touch made m gasp and squirm, thighs and belly tingling, every sensation, no matter where I was touched, resounded in my clit. God, how I needed someone to touch me there!

A hand slowly peeled the tape from my cheek, tugging gently at my skin and my lips as it pulled away. The sensation made me need to cum right then and there. I breathed through my mouth again and whimpered, "Please, please, help me!"

My words were muffled by a set of lips pressed against mine, kissing me hard. I couldn't tell who, Grant or Kevin. As his tongue probed my mouth, I parted my lips and let it invade me, probe me. I arched my back, squirming, letting him kiss me, hard and passionate. Hands started touching me again and now another set of lips, softer, more gentle. Oh God, Kara! I'd never been kissed by a woman before. It felt so good, so soft and sensual, as she licked my lips, nibbling on them, drawing my lip into her mouth and sucking on it, her teeth gently nibbling. Followed by another, until all I could feel was hot wet kisses, tongues and lips, one after another. So helpless and so aroused.

Finally, the kissing stopped. I felt something pressed to my lips, something cold and sweet. I tried to bite it, but felt it pulled away. I licked my lips and tasted strawberry. I leaned my head back and parted my lips. Now something soft and sweet touched my lips, whipped cream, followed by the berry. This time I was allowed to bite. So sweet and juicy!

I licked my lips and savored the taste.

"You know what will really drive her crazy?" Grant asked.

I felt him put a little dab of whipped cream on the tip of my nose.

"She is so clean and fastidious, I bet this drives her crazy!" They all laughed.

I sat, eyes taped, trying not to imagine how I looked. He was right, I hated it. I tried to squirm and wipe it clean, but each movement to do so was easily stopped. They broke into fits of laugher as I tried, to no avail, to get my tongue out far enough to lick it clean.

"OK, very funny," I said. "Now someone please just wipe it off."

Kara's soft voice chimed in, "See how helpless you are now? Something so simple, like wiping your own nose, you can't even do for yourself. You have to ask us to help you, are you starting to understand? You can't do anything in that jacket, not a thing. So if you want help, you have to ask nicely."

I squirmed and grimaced. "I said please!" I protested.

The sensation of the whipped cream was really starting to bother me now.

"Please what?" she asked.

"Please wipe my nose, please?"

"Your dirty, messy nose, Keiko?" she asked, sounding more serious. I could hear the other stifling their laughter.

I nodded.

"Say it," she said sternly.

"Please wipe my dirty, messy nose," I pleaded, blushing terribly.

I leaned forward.

Much to my dismay, she didn't clean my nose at all, but instead, smeared more of the whipped cream over my cheeks, nose and lips.

"So messy!" she chided in a mock disapproving tone. "Who's going to clean Keiko up?" she taunted. "Maybe we'll just let it dry on you."

I turned my head away, blushing more.

I stiffened as I felt another sensation, someone wiping my face clean. But it wasn't really wiping, it was . . . I suddenly realized someone was licking my face, then more than one tongue. The whipped cream was replaced by a thin layer of spit. I tugged at my arms, wanting to wipe my face clean.

After the cleaning Grant peeled the tape from my eyes. When my vision readjusted, I found it hard to look at any of the three of them.

"I think I've had enough," I whimpered, but the three of them just smiled.

"Not a chance!" Grant laughed. "We are just getting warmed up."

Kara smiled at me, a smile which slowly turned into a sneer, "And we haven't even *started* humiliating you yet, babydoll."

They each traded looks and then turned back to me.

"And there isn't a damn thing you can do about it either," Grant explained.

Kevin my diary up, "Oh, there is so much more!" He waved the small black leather covered book back and forth. I blinked, shaking my head, "Please, not again! Stop!"

He opened it up and started reading, "Dear Diary . . . ."

My most intimate and private thoughts! Oh God! I begged, pleaded, squirmed and cried.

Kara picked up the roll of tape, "Do we need to tape your mouth shut again or are you going to be a good girl?"

At that moment, I thought I was going to die. I also was on the verge of the most intense orgasm of my life.

"Good girl," was all I could manage.

She tore off a strip of tape. "I think we'll tape you anyway." She gently spread the tape over my lips again. She held up a hand mirror and teased, "Awwww, don't you look pretty!"

I turned away, blushing, unable to look at myself that way.



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Keiko


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





