BDSM Library - Plaything/Puppet/Badboy = Lover




Plaything/Puppet/Badboy = Lover
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A woman turns her lover into her perfect fantasy playmate, even though her fantasies are a bit unusual and to her surprise her love.







Plaything/Puppet/Badboy=Lover

One: Idea

It was cold that evening and as I sat on the sofa warming&nbsp; by the fire he sat beside me, put his arm around me and whispered:
"I think I could be happy with you for the rest of my life.."
I looked into his eyes. Danny was everything I'd always wanted in a man and never really expected to find, but I had, three months ago standing at a bus stop one evening. As the rain started to fall I moved into the bus shelter and he was sitting there and we started talking. We clicked at once. We started to go out. He had known me for three weeks before we moved on from kissing to making love.&nbsp; He&nbsp; was warm and caring, always putting a protective arm around me, always being kind and willing to listen. He could enjoy a conversation about anything, he was intelligent and above all a gentleman. I was thirty four and had seen a lot of men come and go in my lifetime. But he was different. And what made it even more remarkable was this gentle, intelligent man was ten years younger than me. He worked in the city and held down a well-paid, demanding job. He already owned his own home, a smart flat that overlooked the river in a suburb just outside of town. He was a steady, sensible person. I adored him, too. But that night, as he said those words to me, I knew it was time to open up some possibilities that I had so far been avoiding as I waited for the right time. I'd been watching him closely for a long time, listening and seeing little signs. I knew when he gave me that look that told me he was aroused there was a need in him that went far beyond the moment. There was more deep inside him that he had never uncovered; a potential I could plainly see. I knew it was just a question of waiting for the right moment to discuss the possibilities. I felt he would enjoy being my plaything, it would be a vent for all the pressure and responsibility that he carried day to day in his working life. It would be playtime, fantasy, a little bit of make believe to take him out of the ordinary.....and give me the ultimate, my perfect sex partner who turned me on with every word, every action...every little game we played. If he agreed to it, he would enjoy it, I was sure. For me, being the dominant wasn't about whips or tying up..it was about arousal, my kind of arousal that started in the mind. The thought of making him say and do the things I asked made me soaking wet..but all the same, I began to explain carefully.... 
I reached out and stroked his hair.
"I know I'd be happy with you,"I told him, "But theres something you don't know about me..I'm a little more adventurous than you think. I'm actually very kinky. I can ignore it for a while, but it always comes back. If I don't act out these things I'll only be frustrated..looking at you and wishing.."
And his eyes sparkled and he laughed.
"Sounds interesting."He said, "I'm willing to try new things, what is it you want to do?"
And as I tangled my fingers gently in his hair, he leaned closer, resting his head on my arm, still watching me with interest.
"Well tell me then, I'm listening.."
And I looked at him, thought again how handsome he was, how sweet and lovely... and how I desperately didn't want to put him off me. But the need I had was as powerful as it had been in every relationship I'd ever had, it was my thing, my kink and when I didn't get it I'd be looking at the man I was with and dreaming of it. Thinking of things that only I thought..
"I have fetishes."I told him, "Its about role play. Pretending things. You doing things to make me feel excited. It's just verbal stuff, but I want you to believe it..and once you know how to excite me, you will know what I like..and you will know how to push my buttons..you turn me on because you are sexually unrestrained, like an animal. Thinking of it and needing it all the time..."
Danny laughed softly.
"I do think about it all the time..I just push it aside and get on with my day. I think I can be a bit sexier for you.."
"Well you desperately need it but only I know how to control you..I can satisfy you and make you come so hard...because I know your weakness and only I can make it all better..I'm your cure."
He sat up and as he met my gaze I was relieved to see he was very curious to know more.
"Tell me how you want me to be."He said.
I sat beside him and took hold of his hands, began to explain it simply:
"You need a lot of sex, but it hurts. When you get hard, it hurts you...and I know how to open your legs and do things to you make you want to come and come and come. I'm your nurse, your carer..I take care of everything between your legs..but sometimes you get urges when Im not with you, so you'll have to phone me up and tell me it hurts. And I'll talk to you and encourage you to masturbate, at work, in your car, anywhere..and if we are together and it starts to get even the faintest bit hard you have to let it happen and tell me, tell me regardless of where we are or who may overhear us because you need it badly.."
"I think I like the sound of this!"He said, "Yes, I can do it..I want to! How do you want to start it, I mean, where do I start?" 
I smiled. It was wonderful that he was willing to learn my games and bring them into our life together, but there was more...
"Just let me explain, you have to have a story for me. We can change it sometimes if you get bored with it, but we need to start with the background to the fantasy..that's very important to my belief and your performance..Tell me that your cock hurts when you get aroused because of an old injury. Tell me a couple of years ago you had an accident, or you got into a fight..and you was badly hurt. I mean you was critical. You almost died. You had to have surgery, you was in intensive care..I want all the details, you'll tell me about it when we go to bed, and as you hold me and feel vulnerable, I'll caress you and tell you how brave you are, I'll want to do filthy things to make you better..to make you satisfied."
He sat deep in thought for a moment, then he said: 
"Alright, I'll do it. I want to, it's different and I like the sound of it. Give me a couple of days to do some research and I'll give it a go..I really want to please you."
As he drew me into his arms I welcomed his kisses, deep and hard as his tongue explored my mouth.&nbsp; He was tugging at the zip on his jeans and desperate to get his cock out, as my hand closed over his erection I was surprised that he was so hard already..Had talk of my fun and games aroused him?
"Take your clothes off."I told him. It was the first time I had ever given him what I considered a direct order, and I got a nice warm feeling as he undressed for me.
"Now sit down,"I told him, "Sit on the sofa and open your legs nice and wide for me."
Danny sat down and spread his legs, his cock was so hard I was sure all it needed now was a hard suck and he would come quickly. But he had to learn to wait if he wanted to shoot his load, now my games were coming into play he would have to learn to be erect and hold back while he told me little stories, while my hands wandered to the most intimate parts of his body..
I got on my knees in front of him and gently placed my hands on his thighs,&nbsp; pushed his legs further apart. He sighed with longing.&nbsp; I could tell by the way he momentarily tensed that he had never had his legs opened this widely before. I gently spread the cheeks of his arse and ran my finger down his crack. As I touched his tight hole his whole body tensed but I noticed his cock seemed even harder.
"Do you like that?"
"I've never.."He was starting to blush a little. "No one's ever touched me there before."
I kept stroking his crack, very gently, up and down, feeling him relax as I kept&nbsp; on massaging.
"By the time we have played my game,"I told him, "You will know what it's like to have your arse played with." 
I paused, briefly kissed his anus and he shivered. I knew it wouldn't take much to make him come now.
"I'm going to spread your legs, just as I'm doing now, and I'll kiss and lick it until your arse relaxes..then I'll get my lubricant out and examine you properly.." 
I took his cock in my mouth and started to suck. It wasn't me wanting him to be excited by this, he really was aroused, he grabbed me by the hair and started to force his cock in and out of my mouth harder.
"Oh suck it for me suck it!"He was begging. 
I sucked him, I flicked my tongue over the head of his penis, hard, rapid movements that took him to the edge. Then I plunged it into my mouth again, sucking as he cried out and I felt the very first throb. I kept on sucking, drawing every drop of his come into my mouth, swallowing it all down until he could come no more.
As he lay back with his eyes closed, momentarily shattered by the power of his orgasm, I thought how pretty he looked at that moment, how vulnerable. I just hoped he could play my game the way I wanted it, for me it would be the ultimate, because he was my perfect man and this would make him my perfect toy as well. 
He drew me into his arms and kissed me. Then he looked into my eyes.
"I promise you,"He told me, "We will play your games..starting on Friday night. Just give me a little while to get my head around what you expect and I'll see what I can do."
He was so sincere and willing to please, it was rewarding for me to know that. And it moved me a little to know he was willing to lose his anal virginity to me when he had never even thought about exploring the subject before. For the next two days he said nothing about our plans, and I waited and hoped he would keep his promise.

On Friday morning I was out shopping and I'd just gone into a store to look at some underwear, it was a black lacy thong and a tight silky basque that would have been sexy with stockings, I was thinking about buying it for our games at the weekend when my phone rang.
I took it out of my bag and saw I had a text message from Danny. My heart began to race..was this the start of our game? I read the message: ' I'm leaving work early, but I won't be home till about five. Sorry I don't think I'm in the mood for it tonight..'
I felt my heart sink. I knew he had never played these kind of games before and I guessed his nerves had got the better of him. I decided to be nothing less than understanding because I knew he wanted to please me and I was sure he would when he felt ready.
I bought the underwear anyway, when I got back to his place I showered, changed into it and put a tight, short, silky black dress over the top of it, deciding I would make love to him regardless of if he wanted to play my games or not; I would be understanding. 

It was almost six in the evening by the time he got back, He looked tired and as he kissed me I smelled lager on his breath. He wasn't drunk, but I guessed he had spent the afternoon in the pub, having a couple of drinks and thinking about everything.
"I'm going upstairs I need to get changed and lie down."He said, "Can you come up in about fifteen minutes?"
I nodded.
"Go and relax, I'll see you in a little while."
He took his time in the bathroom. While I waited for him I consoled myself with the thought of kissing his soft, bare flesh, running my hands over his body and teasing his cock until he could take no more. Even if I didn't get my games at least I'd see him how I liked him best, helpless with arousal and on the brink of orgasm.
I went upstairs twenty minutes later to find him laying on the bed in his bathrobe.
"Come and sit beside me."He said. He sounded tired and I guessed he was about to apologise for letting me down. As I sat on the bed, he took hold of my hand.
"You know I love you, don't you?"
"Of course I do, Danny..what's wrong?"
He hesitated. 
"Well.."He avoided my gaze for a moment, then he looked at me and he seemed to be struggling to find the words.
"You know I want to make love to you..I do, more than anything..to talk about it.."but I've got this problem and I find it painful to talk about."
My heart began to race. I could see it in his eyes, he was desperately hoping he was doing this right. I smiled and gently squeezed his hand.
"You can tell me everything."I promised him, "I'll hold you in my arms and make you feel secure while you tell me about it."
And I laid on the bed and put my arms around him. I softly kissed his lips then ran my fingers through his hair as he leaned his head on my shoulder and started to talk.
"I want to come so badly but I can't..it makes me so angry and frustrated sometimes, that's why I'm always in trouble, why I'm such a badboy..it hurts when I get hard..it really hurts.."
He paused. I knew I'd have to lead him through this a little.
"Why does your cock hurt so much? What happened to you?"
"I don't like to talk about what happened. It still gives me nightmares."
He was so convincing! He sounded so vulnerable and in need of my attention that I'd already soaked my black thong and the tops of my thighs were becoming sticky! I desperately needed more.
I kissed his cheek, held him tighter as I caressed him soothingly.
"You can tell me anything, I'm a doctor, I'll understand."
He took a deep breath.
"Well...a couple of years ago I was in a bar and I was drunk, I made a play for this girl, she didn't want to know but I was drunk so I didn't care how many times she told me to piss off... but I didnt realise her boyfriend was watching. He went for me, grabbed me and said he was going to kill me but other people intervened and split us up, I thought that was the end of it. I carried on drinking and I noticed he was at the other end of the bar giving me evil looks but I thought nothing of it. At closing time, when I went outside.."He paused.
"It's really hard to talk about what happened next.."
I cuddled up to him and kissed him gently.
"You can tell me,"I whispered, "Be a brave boy and tell me what happened."
Danny kissed my neck and slid his hand beneath my dress. He ran his hand over my stocking tops, as he touched my sticky thong I felt a jolt of pleasure surge through me. He kept stroking me lightly as he spoke, and the juice flowed from my cunt.
"He followed me outside but he wasn't alone. He brought a friend with him. I remember thinking , this is it, I'm dead..I remember one of them grabbing me and smacking my head against a wall. Then I was on the floor and they were kicking me. Then I felt something like a fist slamming into my groin, I thought I'd been punched..but suddenly they were gone and all I could see was blood, it was on my clothes, on the pavement, it was everywhere..I was unconscious by the time the ambulance came. I don't remember what happened next, but I was rushed to hospital. I was so badly hurt they didn't think I'd make it because I'd lost so much blood..they took me straight to theatre and opened me up..I was in surgery for four hours. My heart stopped twice. When I finally came round it was two weeks later, I'd been in a coma all that time..."
His fingers slipped inside my thong, as juices spilled out he slid two fingers inside me with ease. The relief of feeling penetration made me gasp and thrust my cunt harder against him. He kept fingering me as he carried on talking, and heat was spreading across my skin as the buzz inside my head grew more intense.
"I was in so much pain."He told me, "I had a big scar right between my legs...I wish I'd known you back then, you could have helped me get over my injuries...spread my legs and kissed my stitches and massaged my cock to make it better.... my wounds were so deep it was weeks before I could even control my pissing properly...sometimes I need help with that too. But most of all I need someone to help me have an orgasm without discomfort..can you help me to do that, Im willing to try anything..I just want you to make me feel like a man again.."
My juices trickled down his fingers as he pushed&nbsp; them inside me again.
"I'll make you better,"I promised him, "Lay back and open your legs.."
He opened his legs for me, he was still wearing the bathrobe, he couldn't see what I was doing, but he opened his legs very widely and drew his knees up so I had a perfect view of his arse. I was longing to turn him over and spread his cheeks and plunge my mouth down there, but not yet.... I wanted to do something else first. 
I ran my hand down the left side of his groin, right next to his cock.
"Does that hurt?"
"Yes it does!" &nbsp;&nbsp; 
He had said that like he really meant it.
His cock was very hard, I was hurting inside just to feel his length all the way up me. I slipped off my wet sticky thong.
"Get up on all fours."I told him, "I'm going to give you some very special treatment to make you come."
He obeyed me, and as he took the position I spread his arse cheeks and dived down there, licking all the way up his crack. I licked him over and over, as he gave a moan of pleasure I sucked on his hole and pushed my tongue inside.
"Oh thats lovely.."He gasped.
I buried my face against his arse, licking and sucking, my tongue darting in and out of his increasingly willing hole. He was loving the intimacy of the sensation, I was so wet and swollen I wanted to come but I couldn't tear myself away from his arse. As I licked him I reached between my legs and pushed my fingers into my wet flesh and rubbed my clitoris. In seconds I was coming hard, pressing my face against his arse, orgasming with my lips still on his ring.
"I need to come!"He said breathlessly.
I got up on my knees and pushed a soaking wet, juicy finger into his arse. At the same time I reached forward with the other hand and held my wet thong under his nose.
"Wank yourself."I whispered.
He was grinding his arse against my finger, at the same time he was lost in the scent of my cunt juices.
He reached down and began to furiously wank his cock.
His arse tightened around my finger, he cried out and his body shook as a jet of hot white semen shot out. As his arse muscles stopped contracting I slipped my finger out of him carefully, he was weak and breathless and&nbsp; he collapsed exhausted onto the bed. As I lay beside him he drew me closer and kissed me.
"That was amazing."He stated honestly, "I like this game.."&nbsp; He closed his eyes, being unused to such a hard orgasm he needed a rest. He had never had anal or g-spot stimulation before and it had blown his mind.
I watched him sleep and thought about the little story he had told me. By the time he woke up, I was wet all over again. I'd been stroking his cock gently while he slept and it quickly hardened.
"Is the pain gone now?"I asked him.
He smiled, quickly catching on to his part.
"It's a lot better,"He said, "But I think I need your help, I can't fuck you, I can't do all that thrusting..be gentle with me.."
Those magic words made the juice drip from my swollen cunt as I sat astride him. It was a sweet and momentarily painful release of tension as his cock filled me all the way up. I slid my hands down and held him gently by his wrists as I began to move, sliding up and down his length as I looked into his eyes. 
"Is that better?"
"Yes."He said,"Yes, that's wonderful..."
I fucked him a little harder, squeezing his cock and holding it tight inside me as I moved.
He suddenly shuddered and thrust hard inside me, every hot wet throb sent me into ecstacy as I shared his orgasm.
Then he held me tightly, kissed me and whispered: "Thank you for making me feel like a man again..only you can make me come.."
And for the first time ever in my life I felt that I had found all of my sweetest dreams wrapped up in one person. I told him I loved him and we slept peacefully through the night entwined together.
But there was more to come. Even then I knew there was room for improvement and my willing lover was keen to learn...

Two: Attitude

I decided we would spend some quality time together so that I could further train him to his fulest capacity. When I told him of my suggestion, Danny responded by taking a week off work so that we could continue with our games, this pleased me both because he was so willing to learn and because he was willing to submit to my wishes so easily. I had always suspected he would find being dominated rewarding, but not as much as this. There was another side to it all of course - once he knew how to play the game to perfection, he would gain a little power over me as he would know how to push my buttons. And how he chose to push them was fine with me, as long as we played my game..I saw that as his little reward.
The first morning we began his training I surprised him with some unexpected news.
"I'm going to give you a gift."I told him, "A very special gift.."
He was laying beside me and looking at me with such love in his eyes. 
He still loved me even though&nbsp; he knew about my kinks. That made him exceptional and precious ; there had been few men who had come along who were attractive and imaginative enough to meet my high standards, and even fewer who were willing to embrace my fantasies. There had been relationships before this one where I had ventured into my fantasy world only to see the object of my affections become distant and cold, or unwilling to play even to a small degree. Worse still had been the rejections. I'd been called everything from pervert to weirdo. Nothing hurt as much as one guy who had laughed in my face.
But Danny was different. He still loved me, wanted to embrace the realms of my fantasy world, and loved every moment of it. It was like finding the gold at the end of the rainbow for me.
"What is this gift?"He asked me.
I sat up and leaned over him, placed my hand tenderly around his throat, just enough for him to feel it there.
"You have the freedom to be as bad as you want to be."I told him, "You are my animal...always hard, always wanting it, you make no secret of that fact. Sometimes when your cock hurts it will make you desperately want me..it will make you behave badly..and only I can make it all better by making you come. I'm giving you permission to do exactly as you please..But..I can always pull you back. A word from me and you will behave yourself. I have no objection to you extending our fantasy game to others, but not in a sexual way."
He was a little confused by this.
"But how can I do that if you want to keep it between us?"
I had already emphasised, our fantasy world was just the two of us. No third parties would ever be involved sexually. Nothing would spoil the purity of our love or damage our fidelity to one another. I explained what I wanted him to do.
"Just behave as if its all true. Tell your little stories in front of strangers - of course they have to be strangers - just act the part. Fool them into thinking our little stories are real...I want everyone to know what my brave darling has been through.."
Danny laughed. To my relief he was laughing with me, not at me.
"I don't have a problem lying to complete strangers, as long as you let me spread your legs and put my aching cock somewhere nice and warm afterwards."
I kissed him gently.
"Of course I will!"I promised, "just remember.."
And I gave his throat a soft squeeze.
"When we are playing our games, there is a collar around your neck. It is attached to a leash. A very long leash and it is invisible, something only you and I can see. But I always know when to pull you back, and you will always respond to that command.."
As I spoke those words his eyes lit up and he pressed his hard cock against me.
"Yes I will respond."He said, "Because only you can make me better..my cock's hurting now..please suck it for me.."
I needed no more asking! I spread his legs and took his cock in my mouth and sucked him hard, I was greedy for his cock, the taste of it, the hardness of it, the way he gasped and tangled his fingers in my hair and begged me to keep sucking made me want to suck harder than I ever had in my life. He was red hot in my mouth as I slid up and down his length faster and faster and as he came he shoved his hips towards my mouth, fucking my face as hard as he liked to fuck my cunt. Then he trembled, momentarily helpless with orgasm as I sucked out his come and swallowed it down like honey.

That night I took him to a pub just outside of town where no one knew either of us. He looked so sexy that night. I'd carefully chosen his outfit for the evening and told him to wear a faded old t-shirt and a pair of jeans that he said he didn't usually wear because they were a bit too tight. I told him they were perfect because they hugged his arse and when he sat down (with his legs slightly further apart than he was used to) the length of his cock was more visible. We practised at home before we went out, I spread his legs a little wider and rubbed his cock over the denim and as it got harder I told him:
"You have a nice big cock. Be proud of it. Sit down like you want the world to know what you have between your legs.."
The pub was quite busy and noisy that night, so as he sat down and started to get a feel for the role he was expected to play he found it quite easy because no one was watching him except me.
"Remember you can do what you like."I reminded him, "You are free to play.."
"I'm getting a drink."He said, and went over to the bar.
After his first pint of lager he relaxed a little, started to loosen up and become more confident , allowing his hands to roam up my skirt, now and then mentioning his cock was already aching.
"I get so pissed off when it hurts like this."He said, "I'll have to fuck you later. It's the only thing that will make me feel better...I might have to fuck you in a minute.."
"Not yet."I told him, "Have a few more drinks.."
He was happy to let me encourage his drinking. By the end of the evening I had turned a shy, polite guy into a horny, groping animal who was loving his new freedom and gagging for sex.
He pushed his way through the crowd to get to the bar when last orders was called. He shouted at the bar staff to get their attention and I noticed how he was coming out of his shell. As he eyed up a couple of girls on his way back to our table I noticed how they were almost drooling at the mouth as their gaze went from his face and then downwards as they undressed him with their eyes.
And I felt a warm glow as I thought, Sorry girls, you're out of luck..he's all mine..
As we finished our drinks, he sat back in the seat and faked pain, putting his hand almost on top of his hard on. He closed his eyes and took a deep breath. One of the girls who had been eyeing him up came over to us.
"Is he alright?"She asked me.
I nodded.
"He will be."I told her.
At this point Danny opened his eyes, took hold of my hand and gave it a squeeze.
"I'm used to it."He said to the girl, "I was in a bad accident a couple of years ago..Ive got this pain for the rest of my life.."And as he saw by her expression she was about to ask what happened, he froze a little and said to me: "Take me home, babe.. I need you to look after me tonight.."
He had never called me babe before. It suited him to call me that and I liked it.
I walked with him to the door. He was still faking his pain. Once outside his eyes lit up playfully and he took me by the hand and dragged me into a dark alleyway.
"That was fun..good for a beginner.."
He laughed.
"Well its still hurting and Im going to fuck you whether you want it or not..I need it now and you're going to get it.." 
He pinned me up against the wall and shoved his cock in me hard. It was a rough but sweet release and juices ran from my cunt as he fucked me hard and impatiently, gasping as he pounded into my body.
As he stopped suddenly I groaned and begged for more.
"You'll get more."He told me, "Right up your arse..I'm an animal tonight..you said so."
His cock was wet with my cum and I was so keyed up by the start of our fantasy games spilling into real life that I knew his cock would slide straight up my arse with ease. I turned around and leaned over, my hands against the wall to help me keep my balance. As he pushed it inside me I cried out softly, longing to yell louder but not wanting to alert anyone who might be nearby. His length filled me up and as he started to fuck me in the arse I was rubbing my clit as the desire to cum filled me from my arse to my cunt. As he realised I was touching myself he reached around and shoved my hand aside, still fucking my arse as he toyed roughly with my clit. 
"Oh yes... I'm feeling better now.."He whispered, "Better now your arsehole's wrapped around my cock.."
And one more stroke from his fingers hit the spot and I came, throbbing, juices flowing, just as he buried his cock painfully deep inside me. He was throbbing inside me, I was still throbbing and he was gently rubbing me there, draining out every last drop of pleasure from between my legs. It was then I lost all control and urine leaked from my swollen slit. I held it back but he whispered:
"no, babe..let it go..piss on me.."
My bladder was full and I didnt need any more encouragement. I let it go, and warm urine flowed over his fingers that were still sticky with my cum. Then he was kissing my neck and my face and clinging to me and whispering that he loved me. My badboy lover had done well that night,&nbsp; but as he wiped his fingers on my clothing I told him off.
"Don't do that, Daniel!"I snapped, "That's enough.."
And for a moment he slipped back and became his usual self.
"Sorry."He said, "I won't do that again..not on your clothes.."
And being the naughty boy I'd turned him into, he laughed, and licked his fingers.

Three days later we decided to return to the pub. It was early evening when we walked in and there were only a few people in there, but I noticed the two girls who had fallen for our game were sitting at a table by the fruit machine. I went to the toilet while Danny went to get the drinks. I took my time because my hair needed fixing, and when I came out he was over at their table talking quietly to him. I hoped he wasn't forgetting our rule about the invisible leash, and I was about to say "Daniel!"Rather sharply, which was our way of exercising my authority over the situation, when Danny looked up at me and said:
"Come over here, I was just talking about you.."
I could tell from the tone of his voice he was game-playing again, and I surpressed the urge to smile and went over and joined him.
"This is my girlfriend."He said to the two girls, who were already looking at him and listening intently. A perfect audience, I thought. Danny reached out and took my hand.
"I was just explaining..about why I was ill the other night. I told them how the car went off the road...how I got trapped in the wreckage..in the river.."
This was a new story! I was as fascinated as the two girls, except&nbsp; they listened with compassion, only interruping to say "You're so brave," and "Oh my god that's awful, you poor thing..", and I was simply listening getting wetter by the minute as I longed to take my brave man in my arms and fuck him till he was all better. 
It was a riveting story. If I didn't know him, I would have believed it..
"It happened a couple of years ago,"He said, "I was driving home one night and the car hit some black ice. Next thing I know Im off the road and the car's turning over...I was trapped in the wreckage for three hours in the water..I didn't wake up for three weeks..my family was told I wasn't expected to live...but they didn't give up on me and neither did she.."
And he looked at me and squeezed my hand.
"I love you so much."He said, and I felt it right in my heart. Although it was part of the game, that declaration had been real. It was his way of saying, I love you and I'm happy to play your games..
"I'm sorry,"he said, his voice trembling with emotion as he blinked back tears, "It's very painful to talk about.."
"Its okay,"One of the girls said, "Leave it, don't upset yourself.."
The other girl patted his arm.
"You're very brave."The other one said. Then she looked at me.
"It must have been so difficult..you must love him so much.."
"Yes, I do."I replied, and to my surprise I noticed his hand shook as he lit a cigarette. He was perfecting this story telling of his! I was uncomfortably swollen and wet by now.
"The hardest thing is,"Danny added, "I'm only young and I've got needs like every other bloke.."
No! He was taking this to the limit...he was really going to push this as far as he could! The juice was weeping from my cunt and I was aching for him to fuck me. It was all I could think of even though I wanted to soak up the whole of this play acting like a sponge, all I could think when I looked at Danny was Fuck...Fuck..Take me outside and fuck me till I'm raw... please, Danny!&nbsp; But I had to listen to the rest of the story. He was teasing me with his roleplay and loving every second.
He paused for a moment, pretending it was so difficult, so awkward to talk about, but really he was squeezing every last moment out of this game to take it further, to make me wetter..
"She has to put up with a lot,"he told them as he glanced at me again, "I get so angry sometimes..so frustrated..you see I got badly injured..down here.."
And he indicated to his groin, "And I can't..well, you know, not like I used to..if it wasn't for this woman I think I would have given up on life..she's amazing, she makes me feel how I never thought I could feel again.."
And he pulled me close and kissed me. This made my face even more flushed and I was sure if I stood there any longer they'd wonder why they could smell female cum juice in the air.
"I love you, babe."He said. Then he blinked and wiped his eye and to an onlooker gave a good impression of fighting back tears.
"I can't really talk any more..it's so hard.."
 I almost laughed aloud at his choice of phrase! Then he took a deep breath, finished his drink and said:
"I think I need some air.."
"I'll come with you."I said eagerly.
Five minutes later we were round the back of the pub, my skirt was up to my waist and he was fucking me furiously. I was so wet he glided in and out of me as if a whole tube of ky had been shoved up there. He came hard and as he pulled out at first I couldn't tell the difference between his hot spunk and my cream, it ran like a river out of my body and stuck to my thighs. I had to wipe it away with my hand and shake it off, it slopped to the ground, a mass of sticky cum all in a puddle. I was breathless and Danny was perspiring like crazy.
"I fucking love this game!"He told me.

Three: Perfection


Our kinky fantasy games enriched our lives and made everything exciting. Danny was so willing to play along and the more we played, the deeper our bond grew and with it, the deeper our love. The way our relationship was blossoming confirmed to me a theory I had held for many years: the younger the guy, the easier he was to kink. I had always been kinky, it was just in me, the way I was made, before I was actively kinky I had been living out my dreams in my head. One day I met a guy who wanted to experiment a little. While it lasted, I was able to take the step forward and make my fantasies real. But when the relationship ended, it didn't put the fantasies back to bed; the genie was out of the bottle and I had no intention of locking it up again, not now I knew what it was like to do it instead of just think about it. I had found that of those who were not born kinky, there were people who had the potential to become kinky to a degree if they were encouraged. It was harder with an older guy who had never done more than regular sex. But younger guys were more daring, more wiling to learn. Easier to kink. I had realised by now that Danny had always had the potential towards kinkiness and it hadn't taken much work to bring out his true self.
Within six weeks of playing our games, he knew his role and played it to perfection, becoming my sexy male slut, my animal with a wild sex drive that only I could take care of.&nbsp;&nbsp; He became more confident, aware of his attractiveness and dressing to turn women's heads. But he only ever wanted me. And he always made remarks about 'his problem' or gave a story to explain how I 'took care' of his needs. He liked to play my wounded hero at every opportunity and every time my juices flowed and the most amazing sex followed, it was more than fucking, it was like a small explosion of orgasm every time he thrust it hard inside me, and I took every oportunity to keep him turned on. People who knew him commented on how good he was looking, on how confident he was becoming in every way. They thought it was love that was changing him. It was love, but our role play games as well. He thrived on it. And while he enjoyed having a traditional relationship where he earned the money and took on the role of dominant male of the house,on the other hand,&nbsp; emotionally and in the bedroom, I was the one who had all the control. And he liked it that way. I thought he would make me happy for the rest of my life and that nothing could ever go wrong, but one night it did and it went wrong in a way I had never imagined possible.

It happened when he threw a party for my birthday. It was just a regular house party, a lot of drinking, music, I was having a good time and so was everyone else. But our friends were there, so although he was his usual sexy self for me and just the way I loved him to be, Danny could not play his usual games, but it didn't matter because we had all the time in the world for that later. 
It was a good night. At the end of the evening,most of our friends had gone home. A few were still drinking or crashed out on the sofa or in&nbsp; the spare room. But the night was winding down, the music was off and I was just about to thank Danny for making this effort for me when I turned to see him chatting with his cousin Carol. She was speaking quietly with him, then she hugged him, and when she came over to me she seemed a little subdued despite the fact we had all been drinking and laughing around for the best part of the night. She and Danny had always been close and I wondered what was wrong. 
She smiled.
"What?" 
"Is everything alright?"I asked her.
She shrugged it off.
"Why shouldn't it be?"She replied, and studied her empty glass.
"I need some more wine.."
Danny had gone to the door to say goodbye to a couple of people who were leaving. They were chatting and then they laughed and as we heard Danny laugh out loud, I noticed Carol's eyes cloud with emotion. For a moment I thought she was going to cry.
"What's the matter?"
She shook her head.
"Nothing...I just get a bit emotional sometimes when I see Danny and how he is now..he's so happy and I'm so pleased for you both..I never thought I'd ever see him this happy.."
And she stared down at her empty glass and bit her lip.
"What's wrong?"I repeated.
She met my gaze slowly, then took my arm.
"I need another drink. Come in the kitchen and I'll tell you about it."
She closed the kitchen door and sifted through the half-empty bottles that littered the room until she found the remains of a bottle of dry white wine. She poured herself a large glass and leaned against the fridge as she slowly took a mouthful, then another, then she started to speak.
"It chokes me up a bit when I see him so happy..especially after what happened two years ago.."
And as she realised I was clueless about it she blinked, stared at me and quickly lowered her voice.
"Oh shit..what have I done? He never told you, did he?"
"Told me what?"
She fell silent.
"Maybe I shouldn't say..if he wanted to tell you - "
I'd had enough by now. As far as I was concerned, me and&nbsp; Danny had no secrets between us. If there was something he couldn't tell me, I wanted to know why.
"Just tell me, Carol."
She was reluctant, but she took a deep breath and said quietly:
"We nearly lost him two years ago..in a car crash. He was driving at night and the car skidded off the road..it went down a steep bank and into the river...he was in a coma for three weeks....it was horrible, we all thought he was going to die..I actually went and said goodbye to him because the doctors thought they would have to turn off his life support...he didn't have a single&nbsp; scratch on his body but he had a head injury and they didn't expect him to pull through. He really suffered....it was like a miracle when he woke up.."
Her words had sobered me up. All I could feel was cold shock. Danny's accident had been real? I had told him long ago, if you've ever had a real life trauma of any kind, let me know so we never touch on the subject. I wasn't turned on by real things like this, I loved Danny and to think he had been through such an ordeal broke my heart. And it hurt even more to think he had gone along with my fantasies despite his history. He had even used the crash to fuel my sex games...I tried to blink the tears away but they were already running down my face and at that moment I hated myself. I turned away from her and wrenched open the door, hurried back down the hallway and found Danny in the livingroom where a few of our friends were still finishing drinks. 
I gave a sob and threw my arms around him.
"Why didn't you tell me what happened?"I sobbed, "Oh my darling, I love you so much..I never would have asked you to say those things if I'd known..thank god you're okay.."
Danny was wiping away my tears and looking a little bewildered.
"No,"He was saying, "Listen..it's alright.."
His cousin had joined us and she was looking very apologetic.
"Don't cry.."She pleaded.
I pressed my hand against danny's cheek and gazed lovingly into his eyes.
"I am so sorry..I never would have asked you to do those things to excite me I didn't know about the crash.."
"There was no crash!"
All my remorse left me. I blinked and my vision cleared. My boyfriend and his cousin were looking very guilty and uncomfortable.
"What the fuck is going on?"
"It's not true."He repeated.
Carol sighed.
"He told me about your....thing together..your funny games..he said it would really make your birthday if you thought one of his stories was true, that's all.."
He saw the rage in my eyes.
"I'm sorry!"
I slapped his face. I really whacked him. 
"You ignorant fucking bastard!"I yelled, then I walked out, went in the bedroom and locked myself in, cried myself to sleep and stayed alone all night.

He went to work in the morning without waking me. I slept in late and when I got up the place looked like a shithole with all the mess from last night's party and I made no attempt to even start clearing it up. He could do it. He had humiliated me. He had ruined my birthday with his stupid error of judgement and now it was quite likely a few of our friends knew we had a kinky sex life as well, something I was determined we would keep our secret. I was angry.
I went back to sleep. I woke about three and had a shower, cleaned myself up and had a long think.
My anger was fading. We had all been drinking. Danny had wanted to please me (as ever) and in doing so had made a bad decision.
I couldn't be angry forever. I loved him. He had never meant to hurt me.
He called me. I let the phone ring, but then decided I couldn't put him through any more anxiety. I knew he was sorry.
As soon as I spoke&nbsp; he began to apologise and I heard the pain in his voice.
"I'm so sorry, it was a stupid thing to do..I should have known, after everything you said to me about how we play these games.."
"It's alright,"I told him, "I love you and I forgive you.."
He sounded so full of remorse that I guessed he was probably on the verge of breaking down and crying.
"I'll never let you down like that again!"
I noticed there was a hollowness, an echo as he spoke and I smiled.
"Are you at work?"
"Yes but I've locked myself in the toilet to speak to you..I've been thinking about you all day and - "
"Get your cock out."
"It's already out I'm stroking it." He was relieved to be forgiven and now, all at once, excited again, I could hear it in his voice.
"Why are you doing that?"
He knew the routine well.
"Because I've been thinking about you and it's got so hard it's really hurting me.." He lowered his voice and whispered: "I need you to make it better for me..please help me come.."
"Keep stroking it."I told him.
"I am.."
"Tonight I think I'll have to open your legs and examine you properly..give you some more internal massage.. with my fingers right up your arse."
His breathing was getting heavier and I knew he was wanking hard now.
"Will it hurt?"
"No, because I'm going to relax you first. You know how I'm going to do that? Or shall I tell you?"
"Tell me!"He begged.
"I'm going to spread the cheeks of your arse and lick all the way up your crack, then I'm going to tease your hole with my tongue..I'm going to lick it and lick it till your ring relaxes and when it's ready.."
He was breathless and wanking so hard I could hear him doing it to himself.
"Oh please tell me.."
"I'm going to suck on your arse and stick my tongue inside all the way up..I'm going to fuck your arse with my mouth whether you like it or not..deep inside you as far as I can go.."
He gave a gasp and breathed out hard, I knew he had come.
"Thank you for that..my cock feels better now."
"See you tonight,"I told him, "And we won't be talking about it. We'll be doing it. Your arse is getting licked tonight."

When he came home that evening he knew what to expect. He went upstairs and took off all his clothes and when I came in the bedroom he was naked with a hard on that he couldn't stop touching.
"Leave it alone."I told him, "I know it's all hard and painful, but you will be better very soon.."
He was so eager for it, I'd got him used to this a while ago, and now all I had to do was offer to play with it and he was on all fours with his perfect arse up in the air and ready for my attention.
I didn't bother with lubrication. After all, he had upset me the night before...
I spread the cheeks of his arse wide as they would go and dived down there, licking greedily up his crack. He groaned and shivered as my tongue passed over his hole. I licked my fingers and slid two inside him, gently massaging the ring of muscle as I worked them in and out. He was so excited I could tell by the tension in his body that he wanted to come. Not yet, I wouldn't allow him to until I had properly licked him out.
I buried my face down there and sucked hard on his arse, he was willing and relaxed and longing for more and the hole just seemed to open up as if gagging to feel my tongue inside it. I licked him teasingly and he begged me to do it some more.
So I did, I shoved my tongue deep into his arse, sucking and licking with the kind of passion I would normally use to kiss his mouth. Only difference was I was more than french kissing his arsehole, I was eating it the way he would eat my cunt, I was burying my face down there and barely coming up for air, I was totally intoxicated by the fact that I was invading the most private part of his body. He was masturbating now, so hard that I could feel his body shaking with the rhythm as he wanked. I gave him one more lick.
"I want to come.." He begged me. 
"You can shoot your load."I told him, "Do it...shoot your spunk and make a mess.."
And I shoved my fingers back into him, all the way up, and finger fucked him hard.
He cried out and shook all over as cum shot from his cock and splashed the bed.
As he relaxed I took my fingers out slowly, carefully, as the last of his orgasm faded away and his muscles stopped throbbing and squeezing at my fingers.
He was laying down now, looking shattered but blissful and I laid beside him and kissed him and held him in my arms.
"I'm sorry."He said again, "Am I realy forgiven?"
"Of course."
He smiled.
"My cock feels a lot better now..but I think it might need some more treatment in a little while."
I held him closer, feeling relieved he was still my lover. And still my plaything. I was happy again because I knew he had learned from his mistake. We would never really quarrel again after that because we were in such harmony.&nbsp; He loved me and loved being my toy, and he loved the games I played with my toy. I think that is the closest anyone can ever get to perfection, and I always reward his efforts because he tries to please and does it so well. He plays his part, says all the right things and loves me toying with his body. He is never lazy with the imagination part of our games and seems to enjoy them more with every passing day. And no, I never again brought up the subject of what happened on my birthday, I felt it was best to let it go, because when I hold him in my arms I have the combination of all the things I've ever searched for and it's all wrapped up in one man.
I know I'm lucky!

End.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Dorothy Strangelove


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





