BDSM Library - Jim becomes the Adminstrator




Jim becomes the Adminstrator
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Jim gets the job as a school adminstrator for a post high school. This school deals with all the dropouts. Jim uses sex to make the students follow the rules. His assistants also take pictures of everything and it does get interesting.






Chapter 1

Being the first day for the new administrator, the main office is a little tense. Lisa sees Jim Smith walking down the hall, and she hopes that nothing happens to place a bad reputation of this institution. She knows that Jim will learn that the students are not going to get further than this, but then some may go on. 
Jim greets those in the office, being just Lisa and Connie at present. Lisa does show him his office, as Debbie and Sara enter the office. Lisa knows that those two are habitually late. Classes are almost non-extant at this time, as no classes start until about eleven. 
Jim comments on the clothing of the staff, as Debbie&#8217;s top is somewhat revealing. Lisa informs him that the last administrator did not care, as he had others things going on to worry about anything else. The morning goes smoothly, as Jim appears to be only interested in learning names and functions today. 
Jim dos go to the door to see the students entering. He quickly sees that the students are on the bottom of the totem pole, and he knows that this is mainly student who dropped out of high school and are now looking to get their GED&#8217;s. Lisa is happy that the day is cold, as the students seem to be better dressed today.
The first problem occurs in the dinning hall, as a fight breaks out. Luckily, one of the instructors is present, and can break it up. Jim hears about it, and wants to see all the parties. It takes about ten minutes to get the two females down to the office. Lisa wonders what is going to take place.
Kelly and Sabrina stand in Jim&#8217;s office, and they do not know what to expect. Jim looks at them and asks what their problem is. Neither says anything, but they look at each other. Jim demands words, and Sabrina says that it was a misunderstanding. He tells the girls that he wants a one-page report on what this misunderstand is from both girls the following day, and tells them to leave. They both look around and then leave the office. 
The next thing that comes to Jim&#8217;s attention happens at about three in the afternoon. He is walking down the hallway when he sees a couple in an interesting embrace. The girl&#8217;s hand is down his pants, jacking him off. She pulls her hand out of the pants when Jim asks them what they are doing. Jim sees sperm on the hand, and the young man has a happy look on his face. Jim takes both their identification cards, telling them to report to his office once they clean up.
The staff can see that Jim is somewhat upset at everything, and Lisa asks him to catch a drink with her as they are leaving for the day. Jim looks at her, and then agrees to meet down the block. He gets directions, as he does not know the area. 
Lisa sees that Debbie is also at the bar, and hopes that she does not do anything to upset Jim. Lisa is hoping that she can take him to bed, but is not sure what is going to happen. She looks around in the bar, quickly seeing that he has not arrived. Debbie sees her and calls her over.
Jim show up about two minutes later, and finds the girls still waiting for a drink. Debbie just looks at him, trying to figure out what to do. Lisa puts her arm around him, giving Deb the idea that he is hers tonight. Jim pays for the drinks and gets himself something with he has the barmaid. 
Although the conversation is good, Jim leaves after several drinks. He says that he needs to do a few things this evening, and he will see the girls in the morning. Once he departs, the girls decide to go their own ways. Jim goes home, as he wants sex but does not want to get that close to anyone at work. He will need to feel his way around before he tests the waters.
The next few days go smoothly, as Jim learns what is happening at the school. He does see that he will need find out how to improve the grades, but that will take time. The faculty seems to know what they are doing, it is that the students do not really know how to learn.
Friday afternoon, Jim leaves early. He says that he needs to do things and needs an early start. He stops at the bar, and talks with the barmaid.&nbsp; He is getting to know her well when the three girls from the office show up. Lisa comments on what he is doing, and he just smiles. As they are standing at the bar, Sara bumps Jim. Sara comments that Jim&#8217;s cock appears big. The others look toward his pants, and Sara tries to get closer to him. She pushes her ass to his pants, preventing the others from seeing. Jim&#8217;s cock responds to her bubble butt, and Sara purrs. 
At this time, the barmaid gets off work as the day bartender. Amber comes over to Jim, saying that they have a date. The three girls look at her, and Lisa writes her phone number on a bar napkins and gives it to Jim as the two leave the bar. Lisa tells the others that it appears that Jim had worked something out before they arrived. The three all laugh, and Sara thinks to herself what she felt in his pants.
Jim and Amber meet down the block at a nicer restaurant. Amber got a drift of what was up in the bar, and wonders if she will get some of that cock tonight. She does spiff herself up some, making sure her nice 34-C cleavage is showing. 
They get a seat quickly, and continue their conversation. They are talking about the people at the school, as Amber sees the students come by for a drink after they leave the building. She does believe some to be into drugs, as most appear to be looking for more than they have right now. She does say that she sees more than she wants to as body parts are in play.
Amber looks at him at this time, and then goes on to say that she has seen both cocks and nipples in play.&nbsp; At this time, she runs a finger between her breasts, and Jim just smiles. Amber is getting herself wet just remembering some of the various sex that she has seen over the last few months. 
After they finish, Amber gives Jim as kiss. She explains that she lives about two miles away, and would like him to come over for a nightcap. He just smiles at this, and he then says that he will follow her. Amber goes and finds her car, and she hopes that she has something to drink at home.
Once they get to the place, she leads him up the steps. This leaves her ample ass so easy for Jim to look at as the go to her apartment. She has a shorter skirt on, and a thong under that that he probably does not see. She makes sure that she wiggles her ass on the way up.
They enter the place and close the door quickly. She then turns and they embrace. Jim grabs her ass, and her tongues goes into his mouth, moaning. They are both hot, and they want more than they are getting now. Amber finds his pants, and quickly gets them open. She finds that he does not have on any underwear, and the cock responds to her touch. My, it does seem to grow quickly. She wants it inside her, and she does not care about anything else. This cock is large, and she does love big boys. 
Amber leads him by the cock over to the bedroom, and she gets on the bed. She spreads her legs, giving Jim a view of her thong. He quickly drops his pants, and gets on top of her. The shirt opens, and the bra comes free. Amber&#8217;s nipples are very hard, and he sucks on them. She purrs, and then feels a hand at her pussy. The material is thin, and Jim tears them to have total access to the damp pussy. He fingers her, and them shoves the cock all the way home. Her eyes go wide, as the cock is very deep inside her. He then pumps her pussy, as he nibbles on her nipples. She wraps her legs around his body, for she wants this to last. He does have stamina, and he pumps her through several powerful orgasms of hers. He then cums inside her, and then they both rest. The cock slowly goes down inside her pussy, until it falls out.
He rolls off her a short time later, and she moves next to him and cuddles. They are both happy, and she does not want to let him go. She gets a hold of the cock, and just holds it in her hand. Jim does not mind, as he enjoys the attention. Sure enough, the cock begins to grow again. Amber smiles, as she knows she can have seconds. She decides to kiss it and this will allow her to see exactly how big it is.
The cock is bigger than she originally though, and she begins to wonder how it fit inside her pussy. Amber decides to ride the cock, and she moves into position. This allows Jim access to her tits, and he begins to play with them. This gets her juices flowing, and the cock slides into her pussy. She screams with joy, and does not care who hears her. She rides him good and cums hard. The cock makes a popping noise as it drops free of Amber&#8217;s pussy.
Jim decides to get up, as he needs to use the bathroom. Amber purrs at him, and asks if he can get them something to drink on his way back. He goes to the kitchen, and finds some wine in the refrigerator. It takes him a few more minutes to find glasses, and then goes back to the bedroom. He finds Amber is fast asleep, and he decides not to wake her. He looks at the clock, and sees that it is approaching midnight. 
Jim dresses quickly, and then looks to see if he has everything. He then remembers that he did not bring anything in when he came. He does find his camera in his pocket. He looks in on Amber and sees that he can probably take a few pictures without her knowing anything. He does turn on a few lights and this will allow him not to use a flash. He takes a few, and then decides to pose her a bit.
He discovers cum flowing out of the pussy, and takes a few pictures of this. Then he makes sure he gets all her body parts, pussy, breasts, and ass. He licks the nipples to get them hard. He then looks around the room, and discovers a dildo. He gets it inside her without waking her, and gets a few at various depths. He then puts everything back, and leaves Amber sleeping quietly.
Once Jim gets to his place, he realizes that he does not have Amber&#8217;s phone number. He will see her again next week, and make it up to her. He does find Lisa&#8217;s number in his pocket, and puts it on the table next to the camera. He will wait until the following day to put the pictures on the computer. He does take a shower before going to sleep.
The following morning, Amber wakes up and discovers that Jim is no longer present. She cries, for she does not even know his last name. She hopes that he comes into the bar the following week so that she can see him again. She does like his cock.&nbsp; 
The following morning, Jim puts the pictures on his computer. He smiles to himself, knowing that he did a good job. These will becomes the first of hopefully many that he gets in this city. He thinks to himself about the three girls at work, and looks at Lisa&#8217;s phone number. Maybe he can get someone to pose for him. He laughs to himself, as he knows that his adventures are just beginning.
In the afternoon, he decides to locate a park and maybe get some pictures. He looks over a map, and finds that a park is less than five miles from his apartment. He puts on appropriate clothing and makes sure he has extra batteries. The drive is nice, and he finds a spot to park.
He leaves the car, and goes for a walk. He takes pictures of various things, not wanting people to think he is just after females. He takes plenty of pictures, and has several good face shots. He does catch several people kissing, but nothing that mom would call objectionable. 
Going back to the car, he sees a blonde with a flat tire. She is cute, and has a nice rack on her in skimpy clothing. He decides to ask if she wants help, and finds that she is very happy for the offer. The girl smells like her perfume, and Jim sees that she is about thirty. 
They talk as the tire is changed, and Jim learns that Wendy is upset that her husband is out playing golf today. She came to the park today to relax and was just looking for a spot to park. Jim jets the tire changed, and tells her that he can walk around with her. She looks at him, and decides to take him up on it. She parks in a spot, and they head down the path. 
Wendy asks him if he is a good photographer, and he says he enjoys taking pictures of people. He then asks if he can take a few of her, and she looks around to see who is about. She decides to allow him to take a few, as it seems harmless. He smiles and has her step just into the woods. He takes a few of her face, and then a few of her entire body. He then shows them to her on the camera. She smiles, asking if she can get a copy of them. He says that he can send them to her over the internet if she gives him her address. She smiles, saying that she would have to think about it.
They both hear people approaching, and see that the trail is getting crowded. They look at each other, and Wendy is not sure about the people. Jim looks around and points into the woods down an animal path. At first, Wendy does not care to, for she does not know about this path. Jim says that he will not harm her. She laughs, and tells him to lead the way. 
He leads the way back and they walk about five minutes. They come to a clearing near the creek. Jim stops his progress, letting Wendy catch up. She is not use to the pace, and needs to catch her breath. Jim takes this opportunity to get a few pictures of her. She just laughs, and then looks around. Although she comes to the park often, she has not been here. They both go over to the water, and realize how peaceful it is. They do not see or hear any other humans. 
Wendy is not wild, but something in her is telling her to have some fun. It is her husband telling her that she needs to take opportunities to enjoy the moment. Wendy has a man that she does not know with a digital camera. She wonders to herself if she should ask him to take some semi-nude pictures of her, and send them to her. Wendy realizes that her thoughts are getting her excited, as her pussy seems to be leaking. She hopes that she put on enough perfume to mask the smell.
Wendy does ask Jim who will see his pictures, and finds out that only those who want to see them, or want others to see what he takes. She says that she would like him to takes some picture of her that nobody else sees. Jim looks at her, and see says that she wants to show her husband that she can also play around. He quickly agrees, knowing that he can do whatever he wants with them later. He knows that this is too good to be true.
He does take a few candid pictures of Wendy, and she seems not to know what to do or how to pose.&nbsp; Jim has her move around, and then asks her what she is looking for. She does not know, and asks for his opinion. He looks her over, and tells her that if she is daring, she should remove her underwear, leaving everything else on. This will allow her to slowly remover things, exposing her body to the camera. She looks around, and finds decides to turn around and remove the bra. The panties come off easy under the skirt. Jim tells her to remove her shows and she looks at them. She is not sure, and Jim just smiles at her. She decides that she may as well, as she does want these pictures now.
Jim looks her over, seeing that her nipples are hard. He takes a few pictures, and then shows Wendy her nipples through the top. She blushes, not really figuring him to get anything yet. Jim then works on her, and she slowly exposes her breasts. They are 36-D&#8217;s, and they sag a little.
At this point, he finds her underwear. He has her place the bra over her breasts, playing as if she is hiding them. It works, and it actually gets her more excited. He then goes over and gives her a kiss. This surprises her, but then he says that he wants her to hide the breasts with only her panties. The panties are pink as the bra is, and low cut and lacy. After a few pictures, he decides that he needs to expose her pussy. 
First, she exposes the ass, and it looks nice to him. She then reveals her pussy to him, and he sees that she is not a natural blonde. The hairs are nice and full, as she does nothing to that area.&nbsp; Jim knows that his cock is growing, and he hopes he can fuck this babe.
She is then completely nude, and Jim takes a few full-length pictures of her. He then has her move around, so that he can get her in motion. She does look like a find female who knows what she wants. She then comes over to Jim, as he tells her to. He then kisses her on the lips, sliding her tongue into her mouth. She responds to the touch in a natural way, and his hand moves down and finds the folds of her pussy. Wendy is wet, and she moans with the touch. 
Jim has her were he wants her, and he direct her hand to his cock. She feels it, and looks own. She unzips the pants, and exposes the cock to her view. It is big, and she decides that it is her reward. She gets on her knees, and gives it a kiss. She then inhales the cock, as Jim gets a few more pictures of the sex act. He then relaxes, letting himself get a blowjob from Wendy.
After a short while, Wendy decides that she want more. She wants this big cock inside her pussy, and she tells this to Jim. Jim is more then eager to comply, and after Wendy gets on the dirt, he mounts her. The cock slides in easily, and he then pumps her. She complains about the ground, but Jim does not care. He pumps this pussy good, and Wendy explodes in ecstasy. He also explodes deep in her pussy. 
A short time later, they both get dressed. Wendy is not able to find her panties and Jim tells her that they are his for the experience. They both laugh at this, and Wendy asks how she will get the pictures. Jim smiles, and says that he will write his e-mail and he will reply when he gets a note from her. He does have a pen but is unable to find any paper. He gets a dollar bill out of his pocket, and writes his anonymous address on it. He gives her the bill, and tells her that he will have the pictures on his computer before Monday. She sits in her car, and he gives her a kiss. He feels one of her breasts, and she moans. He then walks off, and she decides to leave.
When Jim gets home, he decides to check the account and at least clean it out. He does find a letter from Wendy, thanking him for the adventure in the park. He sees that the account info has her fast name, which is Grey. He replies, thanking her and says that he will get back with more later.
He then puts the pictures onto the computer, dividing them up into park pictures and those of Wendy. She does photograph good. He then goes to take a shower, as he will need to get the smell of sex off his body.
He then decides to call Lisa, and see what she is doing. Lisa says that she just came in from yard work, and she needs a bath. Lisa tells him that she is interested in doing something, and will call him back. She does get his number, and says that she hope to call him in under an hour.










Chapter 2

Lisa heads to the bathroom, as she does to shower, and shave her legs. She makes sure that every inch is clean on her body, and notices that her pussy hair needs trimming. Yes, it has been a few weeks since her last date. She is a dirty blonde, and she likes her pussy trimmed neat. This takes her five minutes, as she likes to do it very slowly. She then showers again, this time shampooing just her pussy. When everything is to her approval, she dries off.
She then goes to the bedroom with just her towel on. She needs to decide just what she should wear. She needs a bra for her 36-DD&#8217;s, and that will be as skimpy as she dares. She will wear her denim skirt that comes to mid-thigh. She will omit the panties today, as she hopes to get Jim&#8217;s cock. She put on a top that is button down, and then changes into one with a zipper. She will be able to adjust this to let Jim see ample cleavage.
Lisa then wonders if Jim likes breasts or ass. She has just a fair ass, as her tits are what stand out. Sara always beats her for the ass men. That is one reason the last administrator liked her, for he did not like girls being gay. Lisa wonders if Sara got his cock in her ass. She laughs at this, knowing that it probably did not happen. 
Realizing that Jim is new to the city, when she calls him, Lisa explains that she can drive and show him around the town. He quickly agrees, as Lisa makes a good offer. She agrees to pick him up in thirty minutes after she learns where he lives. She then double-checks herself, and proceeds to the car. The ride does not take her as long as she thought, and she waits around for five minutes to give him able time to get ready. 
After talking, they go to a nice place at a mall a short ways away. Lisa does notice that he appears to be looking at her tits. After someone seats them, someone comes by to take their drink order. They both select a glass a wine. They decide to both have fish, and Lisa knows she is going to be happy. The conversation is interesting, and somehow the zipper works down more than Lisa would like. The waiter comments on this and Jim tells him to mind his own business. 
They soon depart the place, and walk around the mall for a bit. Lisa does make herself look better, zipping up enough not to draw attention. She also does not do anything that will make her look bad to anyone. She does ask Jim if he would like a nightcap, when they are near to where she parked the car. Jim smiles, and says that he has a bottle of wine in his place, although he doe not have much furniture. Lisa just smiles, and says that will do her just fine.
Once at Jim&#8217;s apartment, he is able to find a bottle of wine. Lisa unzips her top a bit more, allowing Jim to see her bra and some tit flesh. They talk for a bit, and then he cuddles on the sofa with her. Their hands begin to wonder, and he gets the zipper all the way down. She on the other hand is beginning to work his fly. 
The cock pops out before he can manage to get her breasts exposed, and she decides to kiss the cock. It is big, maybe ten inches long. The cock also appears to be a bit thicker than she has had in quite a long time. She does decide to blow this cock, try to manage what is going on. Her tits are out, and Jim is tweaking the nipples.
Jim likes the size of her nipples, as they are in proportion to the orbs. He does unzip her skirt, and discovers that she is not wearing panties. Her bush appears to be groomed, and he decides to eat her out. They both slit to the floor, and soon they are sixty-nining. Jim finds her sweet, and does a good job getting her off quickly.
At this time, Jim decides that he wants his cock inside her. She has no objections, and he pets the pussy lips prior to ramming the cock inside her. Jim fucks the girl for all he is worth, and he tires quickly. The girl earlier in the day took a lot out of him. Lisa also tires from the pounding, and after another round, they both have a glass of wine before falling asleep.
Lisa does wake up about five in the morning, for she needs to use the bathroom. After returning, she sees Jim&#8217;s cock. She looks around the room, and decides that she can take a few pictures of Jim and his cock. She finds her purse and the digital camera inside. 
She takes a few pictures of Jim, and decides that she wants the cock larger. She blows him, and the cock does grow. She then proceeds to take a few more pictures, and Jim wakes up at this time. He wants to know what is going on, and when he becomes more awake, he does realize what is happening. 
Jim is upset, and grabs her hand with the camera. He does take it from her, and says that she needs to be punished for what she has done. She looks at him, not understanding what he is saying. He puts her over his knees and begins smacking her ass. She does not like this, but she cannot move. 
He then puts a hand on her pussy, finding that she is wet. He finger fucks this babe, and she explodes in his hand. He then takes her camera, and takes pictures of her. The ass is red, and it does show up good in the pictures. He then has her blow him again, getting pictures of this sex act.
In the morning, Lisa&#8217;s ass is still sore. She complains, but Jim tells her that it is what she needed for begin bad. She just looks at him for a shot time. She then tells him that he gets off by doing these things to women. He laughs, saying that he wants the pictures off her camera, all of them. She just looks at him, not knowing what is actually on the camera.
She does allow him to hook it up to his computer, and he does transfer everything on the camera. They then look over what he now has, and discovers that Lisa took a few candid shots of both males and females.&nbsp; He does want details of who everyone is, and finds that some of the males are students at the school. There are also several pictures of the three other girls in the office. 
Lisa tells Jim that the students were in compromising positions with other students. The three staff members were over at one of her parties, and it became an orgy of sorts. Her computer at home is no longer working, and she has no place to transfer the pictures to keep for her memories. Jim tells her that he can burn her a disk, but she will have to help him get the school up to better standings.
Lisa does not know what to say, and Jim tells her that she can play around with her camera. He needs to see everything that she takes a picture of, and he may use punishment as a way to show that the students need to respect them.
On Monday morning, Jim is to work early to see who comes in on time. Debbie and Sara stroll in about fifteen minutes late, and he calls them into his office. They do not really care about being on time, saying nothing ever is done early. Jim does not say much, but he sizes up the two females. Sara does have a bubble butt, and her tits are not bad either. Debbie on the other hand has nice tits, but she also carries a little more weight than she should. He tells them both that they will need to be on time, of consequences will have to be paid. The girls just look at him, and then they leave his office.
Sometime after lunch, Jim takes Connie to give him a tour of the facility. He learns that she and her husband are trying to have a family, and she appears very happy. She does have a smaller body, being just five foot tall. 
They get to the physical education end of the building, and Connie says that nothing should be going on. They both hear something coming from one of the room, and this surprise Connie. They look through the window on the door, and see someone naked on one of the large tables.
On entering the room, they find a girl tide to the table. She is naked, gagged and blindfolded. There is a mechanical dildo fucking her shaved pussy. Her body is covered with sweat. They also see a movie camera filming what is going on. Jim finds the switch and turns off the machine. Connie takes the blind fold off, and then the gag. It takes a little while to unbind her from the table, and remove the dildo. The girl is shaking at this time, and does not say anything. 
Connie finds her clothing, and she does put on her top. Then she looks at Jim, and goes over and grabs at his cock. The girl is very horny, and she works the cock out of his pants before they can do anything. It is in her mouth in seconds. Connie looks at her, and then Jim&#8217;s cock. She just smiles.
In no time at all, the girl has Jim&#8217;s cock inside her wet pussy. He pumps her good, and plays with her tits to send her off. He pulls out before he cums, allowing it to spread over her stomach. Connie then helps the girl get her clothing on, saving her panties back, as she will give them to Jim personally. Connie does want to fuck with this new cock.
They then all go down to the office, and make out a report. Connie looked over the video at the two were having fun. She has seen the other two girls on the tape. The girl, whose name happens to be Sue, does not wish to press charges at this time. She does ask if she can have the camera, and Jim looks at it. Connie takes the tape out and memory card before giving it to Sue. She makes a face, but knows they will not give her the tape. She can depart, and they can see that she is having troubles walking.
Lisa comes into the office, and wants to know what has taken place. Connie says that they have a tape of Sue on a fucking machine. Connie says that they will watch the tape and figure out who did this to the girl. They may all have fun with these two girls. 
Lisa gets the impression that Connie has seen the tape, but Jim is not saying anything. Connie knows that Lisa wants to know more, and she hands the panties of Sue to Jim. Lisa then knows what is going on, and Connie tells her that she is going to have some fun before anyone else gets a crack at Jim&#8217;s cock. Lisa just smiles, and Jim tells Connie that he can have first dibs at him later. He tells everyone that he needs some time to think, and has the girls leave his office.
Connie and Lisa head to the bathroom, and they discuss Jim and his cock. Connie wants him, and hopes that Lisa understands. Lisa tells her that if she gets lucky, he can probably get Connie pregnant. Connie smiles at this, knowing that later in the week she will be very fertile. Connie tells Lisa to keep quiet, and not tell her husband. Lisa tells her that is fine, as long as she get to have some fun also. The two then head back to the office.
After lunch, Jim gets his assistants into his office to discuss what they are going to do with those who were behind what took place this morning. This is news to both Sara and Debbie, who want to know more. Jim takes this opportunity to let everyone view parts of the video. Debbie explains that she knows both girls involved, and she gets their files. Sure enough, they are dropouts from the some high school. She also finds out that they both have some run ins with the law, but nothing is on their permanent records.
Lisa says that they need to do something, and make it stick in their minds. Debbie says that they seem to enjoy sex, as the toy this morning was something else. The others realize that Debbie would like to use this machine, and she actually blushes. Debbie explains that Martha and Lea seem to enjoy sex, as they have both been caught giving blowjobs. There is also some record of them wearing skirts with nothing under them. 
Sara brings up that she would love to use a strap-on and fuck the shit out of both of these girls. Connie just looks at her, and Jim tells her that can be arranged, if she can provide the equipment. Sara says that she has the equipment in the car, as she had sex with a girlfriend this weekend. Everyone looks at her, and she explains that she was horny, and after fucking her friend, they sixty-nined each other. 
Lisa looks up where the two girls are this afternoon, and finds that they are in math class. Jim tells Sara to get her equipment and he would get at least one of the girls down to the fitness room. Before anyone leaves, he hands Lisa a camera, and tells her to follow him. He wants good pictures of everything that takes place.
He looks in the room, and sees that two girls that he is looking for. One has a skirt on, and does not have a bra on. She has at least DD tits, and the nipples are showing. He has Lisa take a picture, and then he just enters the room. The instructor stops, and asks what is going on.
Jim looks at the class, and sees the girl with the tits. Her skirt is short, and he does see her bush. Lisa also sees what he is looking at, and takes a few pictures. Jim looks to the instructor, and ask him if this girl is a distraction. He tells him yes, but their in nothing that he can do. Jim asks the girl her name, and she just says Martha. He tells her to get her things and follow him. She does, smiling back to the other students. 
They go down the hallway, and Jim asks Martha what she wishes to get out of life. Martha thinks that this is a strange question, and she says that she wants to enjoy life as much as she can. With this, Jim reaches into his pocket, and pulls out handcuffs. Martha just shakes her head, saying that she is not in that kind of trouble. Jim tells her that she has to do whatever they tell her, and she will be free to go by the end of the day. Lisa shows her that they have pictures of her pussy in the classroom, and explains that they can charge her for nudity in public. 
Martha goes with the two, as they head toward the fitness rooms. Martha has seen Sara, so she knows that someone got her free. Martha sees someone standing by one of the rooms, and they proceed into the room. Connie gives both Jim and Lisa a kiss, and says she will be in the office.
The man tells Martha to take off all her clothing, and she looks around the room. She does not know what to do, as she is feeling very vulnerable. Jim tells her again, and then says that he can call the police and explain the situation. She does comply, but she does take her time.
Sara tells her that with her size of breasts, they will begin to sag without support. Martha just shrugs her shoulders, as she does not care. They all see that her pussy has a little hair above it, but the pussy itself is shaved bare. She also has a little more around the middle. Jim takes the cuffs, and puts them around her wrists, behind her back. This sticks her tits out a bit, and she cannot hide anything with her hands.
Sara then opens her bag of tricks, and everyone gets to see what she has. She pulls out a gag, and tosses it to Lisa. Lisa looks at it, and puts it into Martha mouth before she can complain. Sara then pulls out a large dildo, and tells everyone that this is for fun. 
Sara has them put Martha on a bench, spreading her legs so that she has access to her pussy. Sara whispers something to Jim, who goes away for several minutes. He returns with several ropes, and Sara nods her head. They rearrange Martha do that her back has support, and ties her in this position. Her legs are free and she closes her legs. 
Sara tells her to open her legs or she will do something else. Martha shakes her head, as she does not want the large dildo inside her. Jim and Lisa then tie a rope to each ankle Sara takes this time to strip naked. She also puts on a harness to hold the large dildo. 
Martha shakes her head when she sees what is coming, but she cannot do anything. Sara tells them to pull her legs up and apart. Martha is then spread, and her sex and asshole are very open to Sara and his strap on cock. Sara has 34-D&#8217;s, and the nipples are very erect. She likes what she knows she is going to do to this girl.
Sara slaps Martha&#8217;s tits, leaving them red from the sting. Martha does not want anymore, but her nipples become very hard. Sara fingers the girl, finding her getting wet. She then aims the dildo into her pussy, and shoves it all the way in. The ten in dildo goes in with no troubles, and then Sara pumps the girl. Someone is taking pictures of all of this.
Sara then pulls the dildo out, and puts it against her asshole. Martha shakes her head, as this is virgin territory to her. Sara asks her friends if she should do it, and Jim tells her that can be left until the next time Martha does not wear the correct clothing. Sara moves the dildo away from the hole, and fingers Martha&#8217;s pussy. Then she smacks the pussy, telling her to remember what has taken place. 
They then take the ropes and gag away, letting Martha relax. She goes to get her clothing, but Jim tells her that there is something else. She just looks at him, not knowing what is going to happen. The others also do not know, as this is the first time they do anything.
Jim sits on the bench, and tells her to come over to him. Martha is not sure, but complies with what is being asked. He has her bend over his knees, and he rests his hands on her back. Jim is going to have some fun and spank this girl. She realizes what is going to happen, but she cannot go anywhere. He smacks her ass with his bare hand, and she cries out. He spanks each ass check ten times, and sees that they are both getting red.
Lisa comes over at this time, and tells Martha to spread her legs. Martha looks at who is talking, and decides that she needs to do as requested. Lisa fingers the girl, finding her pussy very wet. Lisa goes to Sara&#8217;s bag, and looks to see what she can find. She pulls out a dildo, and sticks it in the victim&#8217;s pussy, and Martha finds that it is a vibrator on high. It begins to send her off, and then she feels something at her ass. Lisa has a small dildo, and Lisa is working it in and out of the ass.
Martha then feels something at her tits, and before she knows it, a clamp is placed on both nipples. The dildos are both removed, and Martha is told to stand. A third clamp goes onto her pussy, and she is told to get dressed. The chain and clips are visible through her clothing, and Jim says it is to remain that way until the take them off later. Sara then tells her to bend over, and she inserts an ass plug. She checks to see if it will fall out, and tells Martha that she will take it out later. If something needs to come out that end, she is t report to the office.
Martha is told to go back to class and not talk about this. They see that she is having trouble walking, but they do not care. They get their stuff and head to the office. Connie is eager to see some of the pictures when they arrive, and the day continues as normal as possible.
Martha comes into the office about two, saying that she needs to use the bathroom. Sara takes her to the bathroom, and Lisa follows with the camera. They have the girl strip, and they remove the chains and clips. Then they have her sit on the toilet, and Sara reaches to remove the plug. When it comes free, shit flows out of the ass. Both Sara and Lisa laugh, as it is a mess. They tell Martha to clean everything up, and then she is allowed to dress. They remind her to wear proper underwear and clothes for the rest of the week, and they then leave her. 
Nothing much happens the rest of the week, although they do check out Martha several times in between. She is a good girl, and the rest of the school knows something has taken place and they need to be good. Nobody wants anything to happen to him or her.
Friday afternoon, Connie approaches Jim. She explains that her husband is out of town with family, and she does not want to stay alone. Jim looks at her, knowing that she appears to have a nice body. He also knows that she wants to get pregnant, and believes her husband is also looking to father a child. He says that he can come over, and she says that she would prefer to be out of the house. He tells her that she can come over to his place, and wants to know when she will arrive. She explains that her bags are in the car, and she can leave from work. They decide to eat on the way home.
Once they get to Jim&#8217;s place, he offers her a drink. Connie is more interested in Jim&#8217;s body, although she does take a glass of wine. Connie soon has his cock out, and it goes directly into her mouth. She does get him hard, and then she sits on his cock. She is wearing a dress, and does not have any panties on. She rides the cock for all she is worth, and does not stop until she feels his cum inside her. At this time, she collapses onto Jim, not caring about anything else. 
It is Jim&#8217;s turn to find out about Connie&#8217;s body. He gets out from under her, and removes her dress. She does have a nice blonde bush, and he sees cum on the hairs. He does get her bra off, and finds that it is a 36-B. The nipples are still rock hard, and he sucks on them. This gets a purr out of her, and he proceeds to enjoy the small breasts. 
Needless to say, his cock gets hard again. He decides to fuck her again, not wanting the hard cock to be wasted. She is not ready for it yet, but her pussy kindly accepts the entire length. She is actually surprised he is hard already, but she really loves the feel of more cum inside her. At this time, they are both tired and they decide to rest. 
Connie is the first up, as she needs something to drink. Jim kindly accepts a refill on his wine. They talk, and watch a little television. Jim does find a camera, and gets a few very candid pictures of Connie. She is not sure, but Jim says that nobody will ever see pictures of his lovers. Connie wants to see some of his work, as she is interested in naked people pictures. Jim is not sure, and Connie talks him into seeing some of his pictures. 
At this time, Jim goes into an older directory. He finds a set of pictures from his college day, and shows these to Connie. Jim then realizes that he has both males and females, but it will show Connie some of his work. They set up a slide show and the cuddle on the couch as the pictures go by. 
In no time, Connie is horny again. She sucks on Jim&#8217;s cock, but if does not get super hard. He finger fucks her pussy, and with sucking on her tits, she cums hard. The pictures give Connie a variety of cock to fantasize over. When the show is over, they both go to bed. 
They cuddle all night, sleeping like babies. By nine, Connie gets a hold of his cock. It does respond to her touch, and soon she finds the cock very large. Jim comments that she can have morning cock, and he flips above her, and slides the cock inside. She is not ready, and has a little trouble with his size. He pumps her for a good twenty minutes before his cum flows. She has lost count of her orgasms, and she is very happy it is finally over.
They rest a short time before getting up for a shower. Connie is loving this weekend, and showers with Jim. They wash each other, and soon they are both excited.&nbsp; She gives him a blowjob as he washes her hair. It gives them both an interesting feeling.
Connie does go home on Saturday evening, as her husband called to say that he is on his way home. Connie thanks Jim for the great weekend, and gives him and his cock a nice kiss before she leaves. This gets Jim horny again, but Connie is out the door. He knows that he will be seeing her again, if nothing else, at work on Monday. 










Chapter 3

Jim is walking around the hallways on Wednesday morning, making sure that everything is going in a correct fashion. He sees Debbie walking, almost running toward him. They meet and he learns that someone from corporate is waiting to see him. They proceed to the office, where he sees a good looking female in her forties waiting.
Jim learns that this is Linda Jackson, his manager. She wants to meet him to see if he is on the correct path for what management if after. He also remembers her name, as she did a phone interview when he was in the hiring process for the post. He leads her way into his office, and she closes the door on the way.
The two talk about Jim&#8217;s skills in the school, and Linda finds that he seems to know his stuff. She also heard through the grapevine that he knows how to please his mate. Linda is a recently divorced individual, as her husband had no time for her desires. She does wonder if he is a breast or ass man, and she makes sure that he can see her curves. 
Jim plays it cool in their talk, but he does notice that she is not wearing a bra. He wonders what is really on her mind, as about fifteen minutes into their talk, her nipples get hard under her top. She is also licking her lips, and he gets the feeling that she is after more than just talking this morning. 
Jim gets up, and walks around his desk. He then sits on the edge of the desk, and making sure that she can see the area of his cock. Depending on just how horny she is, she may make a play for him. At this time, he does see that her skirt has ridden up a little bit, and he can see the whites of her inner thighs. This gets some movement from his cock, and Linda does notice that something is moving inside his pants.
It is too much for Linda, as she gets up and gives Jim a wet kiss. Her hand also moves around his cock, and she determines that she is going to like this. Jim plays it cool, kissing back. He does not want to move to fast, just in case Linda is just trying to get him fired. She undoes the pants, and his cock springs out. She does comment on his no underwear, and then she gets on her knees. The cock goes into her mouth, and he finds that she knows how to work a cock. 
She knows that this is work, but she wants this cock inside her pussy. As she is sucking on the cock, she works her panties off. She shows them to Jim, and tells him to get on the floor because she needs to ride him. He has no objection, and gets down on the floor. He does slide his pants down to his ankles, and Linda gets over his cock. She rubs the pussy across his dick, teasing him. It also gets the cock to get stiffer and longer. She then reaches down, admiring what he has between his legs. She puts the head between her pussy lips, and then sits down. He is deep within this girl, and he sees that her eyes are rolling. She then goes into rhythm, riding the fuck out of the new administrator. 
He enjoys the position, as he can play with his mate&#8217;s breasts. They are still enclosed in her top, but he managers to get the breasts free to his hands. She also likes her nipples played with, and she bends over so that he can suck them. His tongue gets the right one very hard, as he nibbles on the nipple. He can feel her pussy flowing, and in no time, they have both cum hard. She relaxes across his body, and he holds her firmly. He can tell that she really needed that fucking. 
At this time, they both hear an uproar in the outer office. Jim and Linda get up, and make themselves look presentable. Linda does not find her panties, and just shrugs her shoulders. They then proceed out of Jim&#8217;s office to find a male instructor with two females. 
Lisa is talking with the instructor, and sees Jim looking at what is happening. Lisa tells Jim that Peters found these two girls in the bathroom, and she hands him rolled marijuana. Jim smiles at the two girls, and tells Peters that he did well. The then leaves the office, as he has a class to teach. Jim tells the two girls to go into his office.
Lisa and Linda follow them into the office, and everyone smells sex. Jim goes around his desk, finding panties on the floor. He reaches down and puts them into his desk. He looks at the two girls, learning their name as Lori and Pam. Pam is a blonde and Lori is a black girl. They are both about twenty, and carry a little more weight then they should. 
Jim tells them to empty their purses, as he wants to see what else they have. They complain, but he says if they do as he says, he will not inform the police. They both look at each other, and decide that whatever Jim does is better than getting the police involved. Lori does not have anything that is incriminating, but Pam has a bag of grass. Linda just shakes her head, as she knows what it is.
He looks at the girls again. Yes, they have very low cut jeans with tops that highlight their tits. He figures that they both have thongs and a bra to support what they have. He also looks at Lisa and Linda, and knows that they both like sex. He tells them to frisk the girls for anything else that they may have on them. Pam makes a face, as she is not expecting this. 
The two are frisked, and Jim watches everything that goes on. They do a good job, but they find nothing. Jim sees Pam purrs, as she is happy they found nothing. Jim gets up at this time, and approaches the two. He decides to frisk Pam, and does not care if she complains. He grabs both breasts, and works his fingers around. He finds something on the left tit, and has her remove her top and bra to see what it is. She complains, but he reminds her that he can call the police. She does as she is told, and a pill case shows up. They also get to see her 35-DDD tits, which are impressive with semi erect nipples. Jim hands the case to Lisa, and she asks Pam what they are. Pam does say that they are sex drugs, to get your mate in a condition to do anything one wants. 
Pam tries to cover up, but Jim tells her that he is not through. Lori is also feeling a little exposed, as she wonder if Jim will do the same to her.&nbsp; Jim then goes back to frisking Pam, feeling her tits from behind. He actually has a little fun, as he hears Pam moan from what he is doing.&nbsp; He then goes down her legs, finding nothing along her pant legs. He then looks at her, and reaches for her pant zipper. It comes down, exposing her pick thong. He pulls the pants down, and he turns her around. He has her bend over, looking down her ass crack. He then drops her thong, exposing her shaved pussy. He has her step out of the clothing around her ankles, and this leaves her naked. 
He tells Pam to sit across his desk, and tells Lisa to look inside her pussy and ass for contraband. Pam shakes her head, but she cannot do anything. Lisa parts her pussy lips, and sticks one then two fingers inside the girl&#8217;s pussy. Jim then holds Pam&#8217;s legs up, and Lisa does the same to her ass. Lisa tells Jim that she is clean. 
Jim is horny again, but does not want either of these girls. He tells Pam to stand up, and then tells Lori to come over. Jim hands a camera to Lisa, and tells Pam that she needs to strip Lori. Pam looks at Lori, not knowing what to do.&nbsp; She does take off her top and bra, exposing her black boobs. They are smaller than Pam&#8217;s, but the nipples are prominent. They can also see that she appears to be pregnant, and Linda asks her if this is the case. She nods her head, and then she tells them that she is about five months along. Jim tells Pam that she can stop at this point, as Lori does not need any more problems. Both girls appear happy at this point, but they do not know what is coming next.
Lori says that they can do anything to her, as she is getting horny and does not have anyone to help in that problem. Everyone looks to Lori, but nobody says anything. They can all see that her nipples are hard, and it appear that they are also beginning to leak milk. 
Jim tells Pam that she can get dressed and go back to class. He will see her later in the week and they will discuss her problem. She looks at him and then Lori. Jim tells Pam that he is going to talk with Lori, and it is not her concern. Pam does dress and gives her partner a hug before leaving the office.
Jim asks Lori when the last time she had sex, and she says the after she found out she was pregnant by a rape, nobody would touch her sexually. Jim goes over to the girl, and gives her a kiss. She does respond in a very affectionate manner, and Jim undoes her pants. Everyone hears her moan, and Jim&#8217;s fingers find her pussy lips under her white panties. He can tell that she has a full bush, and his fingers stroke her pussy. She moans again, and Jim finds her clit. Her body shakes, as she cums hard at the touch. Jim then continues to finger fuck this pregnant female. He knows that his cock is getting very hard, but he does not care. The girl cums several more times before she cannot stand anymore.
Jim then strips off her pants and panties, and Lisa is there to take pictures. He then drops his pants, and gets into position to fuck Lori. Linda also goes over, and sits on the girl&#8217;s face. Lori knows what to do, and Lori tasks cum in this pussy. The cock is also working up her pussy channel, and it is getting her to a new high.&nbsp; Once Jim gets in as far as he dares, he pumps her pregnant pussy with earnest. Jim is the last to cum, and when he gets up, he sees a glaze on Lori&#8217;s face. Lori does not know or care what is going on, as her body is extremely happy. Lisa does get a few pictures of Lori, and then she leaves the office.
Lisa returns a few minutes later with a few towels, and Jim cleans himself up before helping with Lori. Lori does give then all a hug after she dresses and Jim tells her that he will help her with her problem whenever she needs assistance. She looks at him and just smiles. She then departs the office, and Lisa makes sure the door is closed.
Lisa looks at the two in the room, and sees that Linda is sitting on the desk with her pussy exposed. Lisa shakes her head, saying that they are going too far. Jim goes over to and gives her a hug. This does relax her some, and Linda says that she still needs something. Lisa looks to Jim, but he says that he is spent.
Lisa goes over to Linda, and fingers her pussy. She is very wet, and Lisa shoves a finger and then two up her pussy. Linda cums to the touch, as she is extremely horny. The two women French kiss each other, as the fingers work Linda&#8217;s pussy. Lisa is getting horny, but she is lowest on the totem pole and probably will not get anything now.
That night, Jim reads his mail. He does find a note on the computer from Wendy. The note is short, only saying that she is pregnant and she believes that he is the father. Her husband did not touch her that weekend, and she does not know what to tell him. Jim tells her that she can say that her timing was off, and she was ripe the previous weekend. He does not want to come between her and her husband.
After he sends the letter, he decides to have himself a drink. He is already paying on one of his kids from a previous affair, and believes another girl had a daughter, but does not need his support. Wendy is at least five years older than he is, and he is not looking to settle for her as a wife. One thing is that Wendy does not know who he is, all she has is a first name and an internet mail box. He should be safe for now.










Chapter 4

Jim is happy to be home on Friday evening, and happy that nothing else transpired for the rest of the week. He pours himself a drink and will watch some television tonight. He is also wondering what is going to be happening at the school the following week.
Shortly after eight, his doorbell rings. He gets up and finds that it is Pam. Jim does think that this is strange, but he rings her into the complex. It takes her under five minutes to get up to his apartment. He opens the door and sees that she has a bottle of what looks like wine.
Pam explains that she wanted to give him something for being so nice to her friend. She hands him the bottle at this time, and he sees that it is white wine. He asks her if she would like something, and he sees that she has on better clothing tonight. Jeans and a nice top make her look desirable to Jim, as he is horny as usual. She sees that he is drinking wine, and says that she can use a glass.
When he comes back from the kitchen, he sees that she is sitting on the sofa where he was sitting, so he sits next to her. At this time, he sees that she has undone a button or two on her top, and he can see her faint pink bra. They do watch the television until eight-twenty, when she asks if they can watch a movie that is on a premium channel. He looks for the station, and finds that the movie will start in ten minutes. He changes the channel after learning that it is a romance.
Pam tells Jim that she finds these movies enticing, getting closer to him to cuddle. She tells Jim that she is happy that her friend got his cock, but she wants to see what his package looks like. She undoes his pants, and the soft cock springs up. She smiles, and lets her hand play with it. The cock becomes longer, and begins to harden. She then bends down, and sucks it into her mouth. Yes, Pam does know how to give a good blowjob. 
Jim enjoys what Pam is doing, and works her shirt open so that he can work the bra off these lovely tits. He finds the nipples erect at this time, and knows that she likes what is happening. Pam decides to move, and she gets down on the floor. Her mouth does not leave hold of the cock. She is able to remove her top and bra at this time, and also works Jim&#8217;s pants lower. She then puts the cock between her boobs, and he fucks her tits for a bit. 
Pam works her pants and panties off at this time, and decides to ride this big boy. He does not mind as his cock rides in to her wet pussy. He can play with her boobs and nipples in this position, and she purrs. She rides him through two of her own orgasms, and then collapses on top of him as the both cum. 
Jim rolls her off in some time later, as he needs something to drink. She smiles at him as he hands her the wine that she is drinking. They then cuddle again before they realize that the movie is now over. Pam makes a face, as she missed the ending.
They are both tired from the workout, and Pam asks if she can spend the night. Jim looks at her, and does not mind. Pam follows him in the bedroom, and she plops into bed. Her body is glistening with sweet, and she does look cute. Jim turns off the light, and gets into bed next to her. She gets next to him, and cuddles. She is soon asleep, and Jim decides to do the same.
Pam wakes up before Jim, and goes into the bathroom. She then showers, making sure that she cleans out her pussy. She then goes back into the bedroom, and sees that Jim is beginning to stir. She gets on the bed, and puts her pussy over his mouth. He wakes up and she tells him that he has breakfast in bed. His tongue licks the pussy, and she finds that he knows how to please a woman with his tongue. He also reaches up and plays with her nipples. Pam is in heaven, and soon explodes over his face. She then lies back, leaving her ass on his chest. He uses this opportunity to inspect her pussy, fingering her along the way. She has another orgasm, and then rolls away from his fingers.
He then eats her again, before they are both too tired to do anything else. Pam does cuddle with him at this time, feeling like she is in love. After some time, Jim says that he needs something to eat. Pam gets up and tells him that she will make breakfast. She does not put anything on as she heads to the kitchen. She finds eggs, and asks him how he likes him. 
Jim uses the bathroom as breakfast is being prepared. He puts on some shorts on the way out, and finds that Pam is still naked. She finishes the eggs at this time, and he finds that she also made some sausage. They eat at the table, and Jim sees that the beverage is wine. He comments that it is too early in the morning for this, and she tells him just to drink it.
After breakfast, Pam does put on her panties and bra, but nothing else. She is happy, and wants to know what else they can do. He tells her that he will need to go grocery shopping, as he normally does that today. Pam does not mind going along with him, although she needs to stop at her place for a change of clothing.
At her apartment, Jim finds that Pam has a roommate. He learns that Janice is her cousin, and they have been together for about six months. Janice is working downtown, and also going to college for her bachelor degree. Pam does not take long to change, and tells Janice that she may be home tonight, but she is not sure.
They then head to the grocery store, and Pam tries to make sure that Jim gets good things to eat. He is not sure what to think, as Pam is being very nice. It does seem that she is looking for something that he is not ready to give her. 
Back at the apartment, Pam helps put everything away. She then helps him clean up the place, as it is still in disarray from his move. This takes longer than she thought, and they find that they both need something to eat. He decides to take her out, and they just go down the street for pizza.
Back at the apartment, Pam is interested in having some sex with Jim. She quickly gets naked, and gets his dick out and into her mouth. Jim is not sure, but his cock is soon very hard. He gets on the floor with her, and fucks her doggy style. She is not sure at first, for she does not want the cock in her ass. He tells her that he will be good, and shoves it in to her pussy. The position allows him to play with her tits, as they are just hanging down. She likes the feel of his cock inside her, and she grinds her ass back when he shoves forward. 
She collapses on the floor when she is too tired to stay up. The cock comes out, but Jim spreads her legs and fucks it into her pussy again. He pulls out of her, and cums all over the ass. He then cuddles with her, making her feel special. They stay in this position for some time, just talking about life.
Pam&#8217;s phone rings at this time, and she finds that Janice is out drinking and wants Pam to drive her home. Pam looks at Jim, and tells him that she needs to play taxi driver. He is tired, and tells her that he will stay home and sleep. Pam dresses, and gives him a kiss before she leaves. She tells him that she will see him during the week.
Jim does some chores on Sunday, remembering what he needs to do this weekend. He thinks about Pam, and he feels like she is looking at him more than a lover. He is not sure what to think at this time, as he does not want to get into a long-term affair with someone more than ten years younger than he is.&nbsp; 
On Monday, Lisa is looking for something from him. She gets him in his office alone, and she wastes no time getting his cock out. It goes into her mouth, and she gets this dick hard. She then asks him how his weekend went, and he tells her that he did some work around the apartment. She kisses the cock, and tells him that she wants him to fuck her this evening. She then zips him up, and leaves the office.
Nothing else is said, and Jim proceeds with the business of the day. About mid afternoon, Miss Brenda Smith comes into his office. She is the English teacher, and she says that she has a question. Brenda tells him that the talk in class is on his assisting Lori with her problem. Jim looks at her, and asks her what she means. Brenda looks around the room, and says that everyone knows that he is having sex with her. She asks him if he is the father, and he says that it is not his. 
Brenda takes a camera out of her purse, and tells him that she wants his picture. He looks at her, and asks her how she wants him to pose. She looks around again, and tells him to stand up. She takes a few pictures, and then has him take off everything below his waist. She is good with the camera, snapping pictures as he strips off his pants. She then has him sit in his chair, getting more pictures.
Brenda wants his cock hard, but he will not do anything to assist it. Jim looks at Brenda, and figures her to be about forty-five. She is cute, with small boob in her proper dress. He asks her the last time that she seen a cock, and she looks at him. He then asks her is she is a lesbian, and she shakes her head. 
He gets up and advances toward her. She looks at him, and then looks at the door. One part of her says that she needs to leave, and the other wants to know what he is going to do. He gets right in her face, and gives her a wet kiss. It has been years since she kissed anyone and more since she had cock. 
She sets the camera down, and gives him a hug. He does the same, and the next thing he knows is that Brenda has a hand on his cock. She is measuring him up, and does seem to know how to handle a cock.&nbsp; He asks her if she would like to kiss it, and Brenda purrs. She goes down on her knees, and begins to kiss it before taking it into her mouth. Jim gets the camera, and takes her picture. He then starts removing her clothing, and finds that her nipples are very hard. 
He gets her up, and removes her pants. He then places her ass on his desk, and decides to eat her out. Brenda is not sure what to think, as this is new to her. She does find that he knows what he is doing, and she just wants to scream. She bites on some clothing that she finds, as she does not want the others to know what is happening. She does cream his face, and when he stops, she lies across the desk. Jim takes her picture again, and she looks up to get her pussy and face in a shop. She shakes her head at him
Jim puts the camera down, and goes over to her. The pussy is at the right height, and he slides his thick cock it her wet pussy.&nbsp; He believes that she cums at least once on insertion, and he then pumps her pussy hard. He does pull out before he cums, leaving cum all over her dark bush. He gets the camera and takes a few more pictures. Brenda is purring, and she does not care what else is going on.
They both hear a knock at the door, and Jim goes over to see who it is. Jim learns that Debbie heard something and wants to see if everything is all right. Jim opens the door, and gets her into the office. Debbie sees that his pants are off, and his cock is wet. She looks around the room, and sees Brenda naked across his desk. He tells Debbie that everything is all right and he has just finished giving Brenda dictation. Brenda hears this and laughs. Debbie takes this opportunity to feel his cock, and smiles. Jim tells Brenda that he may have to get her in on dictation later. 
Brenda decides to get up and put on her clothes. Debbie smiles at Jim and tells him that he needs to be cleaned up. She gets on her knees and licks his cock clean and hard again. Brenda is dressed by this time, and takes a few more pictures. She tells Jim that she needs to get going and leaves the office. 
Debbie wants this cock, but she also knows that Jim has a fed more people outside to see him. She tells him that he can go to his desk, and she can get under the desk and suck him off as he talks to one of the student who wants to talk about an instructor. Jim smiles and leads the way to the desk. Debbie sees that she can do what she is thinking, and dives under before Jim takes a seat. He does spread his legs a bit for her to have access to the cock. 
He then calls Lisa, and ask her who is outside to see him. Finding that it is a student by the name of Jack, he tells her to send him into the office. Jack comes in and Jim has him sit down. Jack tells Jim that he is having a problem in his math class, as someone is always trying to sell him some drugs. Jim smiles, and says that he may pay a visit to the class and see what is up. Jim does take the room number and time, along with the instructor&#8217;s name. He then tells Jack that he can leave without getting up.
Jim has a hard cock that just exploded into Debbie&#8217;s mouth. She is an expert at giving head, and her head pops up when she hears the door close. She shows him that she swallowed all his cum, and Jim gives her a hug. 
The intercom comes on, and Lisa asks what Debbie is doing in the office. Jim tells her that she is assisting him, and she will be out shortly. Lisa says that Mr. Ralphs would like to see him, and Jim tells her to come in with the girl after Debbie leaves. Debbie looks at him as he hangs up. Jim tells her to get his pants, and help him put them on. She smiles, and does as she is told. Jim then gives her a hug, and tells her that she may get some cock later if she is good. He then tells her to leave and send in Lisa with Mr. Ralphs.
Lisa introduces Mr. Ralphs as a council member interested in the well-being for the school. Mr. Paul asks Jim to call by Jim, as it is less formal. He then goes on to ask Jim if he is looking to expand his school, as his predecessor had agreed to. Jim looks at Lisa, and she says that corporate is looking at the details, and trying to see about accreditation. Paul goes on to say that, a junior college is what this city needs, and the mayor is trying also to keep up on the process. Paul asks how long it could take, and Lisa tells him that she does not know. Paul then gives Jim his business card, telling him to call him when he knows anything more. He then departs the office, leaving Lisa with Jim.
The two talk a short time, as Lisa tries to update Jim on what is going on. She tells him that the big obstacle is getting the proper people to teach the class. She does show him what they have so far, and it does impress Jim. Jim asks her about talking to the teachers union, and seeing if they have anyone interested in teaching some of these classes. Lisa says that may be good to start, and they can add classes beyond the basic curriculum down the line. She then asks Jim if he could teach a business class, as she knows the he has the education required. He tells her that he would think about that.
Lisa looks at Jim before she leaves. She says that he appears to be doing something beside work with Debbie today, and she wants to try the girl. She then explains what one of Debbie&#8217;s fantasies is, and Jim thinks that he can comply. Jim tells her that he will take Debbie out tonight, and Lisa should show up to his apartment about eight tonight and see what happens. Lisa gets a big smile on her face, and then leaves.
Jim gets on the phone and invites Debbie to dinner. She quickly agrees, hoping to get in bed with Jim. They agree that Jim will pick her up about six at her place. Debbie is getting wet just thinking about what is going to take place tonight. 
Jim goes to his place, and gets things ready. Debbie told him that she likes to be tied up, as this makes her feel more vulnerable. He will tie her to the bed, and probably put a gag in her mouth. He gets the dildo that someone left at his place one time, and Lisa can use this on Debbie.
He is five minutes late, but Debbie does not mind. They get a good meal, and Debbie does have a few drinks. They then head to his place, and he hopes they all have fun.&nbsp; Jim does get her another drink, and this one makes her feel more then comfortable. 
Jim kisses her, and he finds that she is very horny. He does check the time, and see that he has thirty minutes before Lisa shows up. He does get her top off, and then asks her to join him in the bedroom. She follows, taking off the remainder of her clothing. As they are kissing, Jim handcuffs her wrist to the bedposts. She looks at him with a smile on her face. She tells him that he should not to this to her, as she is already giving herself to him. He then proceeds to tie her legs, and she complains even more. 
Jim takes this opportunity to eat Debbie. She explodes in her mouth, and she is a bit loud. He gets up and finds the gag. She shakes her head, not wanting to be silenced. He gets it into her mouth, and decides to take a few pictures. The girl has a full dark red bush and her hair on her head just flows. He plays a little with the nipples, as this gets them harder. He then fucks the girl, and she cannot do anything to stop if, if she wanted to. She is enjoying this too much. 
The doorbell rings as Jim&#8217;s cock explodes inside her pussy. Jim thinks that is good timing, but he sees that Debbie is shaking her head. She wants Jim tonight, and does not want anyone to interfere. Jim puts his robe on, and gives Debbie a kiss. He tells her that they will have more fun later. Jim goes to the door, and finds Lisa waiting for him. She comes in and opens his robe. She then gives him a kiss, and looks around. She does not see anything, but decides to head to the bedroom.
She sees Debbie tied to the bed, and tells her that they will have fun tonight. Lisa opens her bag, and shows Debbie a strap on dildo and then a whip. Lisa goes over to Debbie, and runs her hand through her pussy hairs. Lisa tells her that she need to see the pussy, and pulls out scissors. She looks at the pussy, seeing cum flowing from the orifice. Lisa comments to Jim that she hopes that he gets Debbie pregnant, as she wants a baby.
Jim tells Lisa not to cut her pussy hair tonight, as they can do that another time. Lisa looks at him and smiles. She looks at Debbie, and tells her this is day one in her new experiences. Lisa then strips, and puts on her dildo. Lisa is more interested in fucking Debbie than anything else. She does not use any lubricant, as she mounts Debbie and slides it up her pussy. Lisa then fucks it in and out, and then slaps her tits. Jim decides to take some pictures, and Lisa is not paying any attention to him. She pumps her for a good fifteen minutes, and Debbie&#8217;s tits are very red from the slapping. 
Jim pulls Lisa off Debbie, as he knows that they have both had enough.&nbsp; Debbie is actually crying, and Lisa is laughing. Jim decides to tie Lisa, as she needs to rest. Jim unties Debbie, and cuddles with her for a bit. Then Debbie tells him that Lisa went too far, and she wants to get back at her. 
Debbie gets the dildo off Lisa, and puts it on herself. Debbie then puts the dildo up to Lisa mouth and tells her to give her a blowjob, or she will shove this cock into her ass. Lisa looks at her and asks Jim for some help. Jim tells her that he will lube the dildo up so it goes easily into her ass. Lisa knows that she went overboard, but she did not expect this. The dildo has body fluids on it, and Lisa knows that nobody will clean it. Lisa licks it for a minute before Debbie pushes it in her mouth.&nbsp; The dildo is ten inches long, and Debbie works the entire length down her throat. Debbie then pulls it out as Lisa is gagging. Lisa actually throws up dinner. The way she is sitting, the mess does over her tits and flows to her pussy. She does look bad. They carry her to the bathroom, and shower her clean.
At this time, they are all tired. Jim does allow everyone to dress, and he gets everyone a drink. The girls are both happy, which surprises Jim. He then learns that they both planned this, and are happy that he also got off. Lisa does drive Debbie home, at least that is what they tell Jim. They are both at work the following morning, looking like they could both use more sleep.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Terrible Tomas


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





