BDSM Library - Unchaining Alex




Unchaining Alex
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A dominant woman frees her lover's sexual imagination by opening his mind to the notion of being her sub. She slowly introduces games and he finds that being a prisoner can be the ultimate liberation.






Unchaining Alex

by
Dorothy Strangelove

I lived in quite a small town. In a place like this, day follows day and nothing really changes. But sometimes someone comes into the fold who is a little different, and someone like that is always noticed. A new bar had opened up on the caravan park near the sea front and I decided to go over there with a friend of mine and check the place out. It was coming towards the end of summer and the heat was fading from the late afternoon sun, but the sky was bluest blue and the air was virtually still but tasting of the sea close by. The bar was clean and bright with countless spotlights and laminated flooring and plastic plants. It still smelled faintly of the virgin magnolia paint that spotlessly covered the walls. Most people were outside, there was a large patio area and beyond that a big green lawn filled with benches and it seemed ninety percent of the drinkers were out enjoying the last gasp of summer.
We chose a table near the open doors, from here we had the fresh air and a clear view from the window as the sun sunk lower in the sky and people chatted together. 
Claire glanced around as a group of men came into the bar, then she turned her nose up. No, they were not her type. Nor mine. 
"Nothing of interest in here for me." She said.
And then my curvy brunette friend took her lipgloss out of her bag and reapplied it, as she always did, just in case she changed her mind later when a few drinks made the ugliest of men seem appealing. And then she looked at them again and swallowed another mouthful of wine.
"But I might be wrong.."She added, "The one in the stripy top's not bad...and neither is his mate over there.."
And I laughed. That was Claire, she wasn't fussy like I was. I only went for attractive men. Pretty men with hot bodies. I didn't lower my standards. It meant I sometimes went a long time without a partner but the waiting made it all the more worth while. Then the sex would be explosive. Now that was something worth waiting for! In a small town like this, there were very few truly hot men to choose from. My previous lover had been a very sexy guy. But our relationship had run its course and now I was back where I started, all alone again.
An hour later Claire was on her fourth large glass of wine and getting rapidly pissed. We were chatting, laughing, it was just another evening out together.
And then, quite unexpectedly, things changed in my favour.
I'd been having a laugh with Claire about the gimp mask. 
Let me explain.
We had a long-standing joke that I owned a gimp mask. Actually, I didn't, but we both found the idea that throwing a gimp mask on the table in a small town like this would have all the men in the room flocking to us on their knees begging for it. And when she said, "Get the gimp mask out..", we both laughed.
"And the collar and lead."Claire added, "For him over there in the stripy shirt - who's that?" 
I looked around. The guy she had been watching had been joined by a friend. A very attractive friend.
Claire read my mind.
"Theres one for you!"
Oh yes, he certainly was for me....a smile lit up my face as I looked him up and down.&nbsp; At first I only saw him from the back. He was wearing pale blue jeans that hugged a perfect arse and his black t-shirt was splattered with stains, white paint and I noticed a little of it had marked the back of his jeans as well. He had dark hair, a firm physique and as he turned around a little I was very pleased to notice he also had the promise of a very attractive face. He looked to be in his early thirties and he was in a heated discussion with 'Claire's target' in the striped shirt, who was several years younger than him. He pulled a wad of notes from his pocket and took out a fifty.
"No,"He snapped, "I'm serious, I've had enough of this every fucking night! What are you doing with your wages, Mark? Stop wasting it on beer and wait till friday. This is the last time. I mean it!"
And he gave Mark the fifty, then decided to stay and have a drink himself. He ordered a round of drinks for Mark and his friends, and had a pint of lager. For being a hypocrite and going back on his own advice, the money came out again and he parted with another twenty quid. He stood chatting, then went over to the fruit machine and started throwing his change into it.
I smiled warmly at Claire and she giggled.
"Are you going for it then?"
I nodded.
"Too right I am."
And then Claire was distracted, smiling that 'come over here' smile at Mark.
"Oi,"She called out, "Stripey top bloke. Come over here.."
Mark laughed and made a move towards our table.
I got up and took my drink with me. I took another mouthful of wine and went over to the promising stranger.
"Hello."I said. It seemed as a good an opening for a conversation as I could think of at that moment.
The fruit machine hit nudge and then hold and he hit a button. Orange lights flashed on and off and as he turned to me the colours made his face seem even more stunning. He was handsome. His eyes were as grey as the sea.
He blinked, seemed blank for a second, his concentration had been on figuring out if the machine was going to pay the jackpot. A bit like I was working on my jackpot..
"Hello."He said back, "I don't think this thing's going to pay out today."
"I haven't seen you before."
He took his pint from the table and drank some of it.
"I've only been down here a few weeks."He told me, "I've just moved here. My name's Alex."
I smiled.
"I'm Emma." I said, "And its nice to meet you.."
As we exchanged a glance, he read my signals correctly and wasn't shy about coming forward.
"Would you like another drink, Emma?"
"Yes please."I said warmly.

He got another drink and we sat together, he told me a bit about himself. He had just come through a divorce. It was a clean break and there were no kids in the marriage. It had been a case of meeting his wife too young and getting older and finding out they had nothing in common any more. He was a painter and decorator by trade, ran his own business very succesfully but one of his labourers (Mark) was irritating him by constantly asking for advances on his wages. He worried a lot about getting his work done, about getting his workers to get things done, and he worried about paying his mortgage on time. He was a man who ran his life to a schedule and got very annoyed if anything messed it up. He was single. He was fiery and passionate but kept a lot of it in check. I could tell he was the kind of man who wasn't satisfied with life. When someone isn't satisfied with life you can see it by the frustration in their eyes. He was like that. That meant there was more, there had to be, but he had yet to descover what was missing that would make him happy. I hoped I was right in thinking my kind of excitement could be exactly what he was looking for.
"You're really pretty."he said to me, "I'd like to get to know you better. How about you come back to my place for a coffee?"
That was an excellent result. But he was very direct. Not a bad thing, but I could see there were a few aspects of his approach to me that would have to be tamed. I decided to work on him slowly, bring him around to my way of thinking gradually. If he didn't like it, well I still liked him and could work around that. I was very sure of that because it had been a long time since I had been drawn to a person so strongly. But if he did like it I knew it would be a revelation for him.
We left the bar and I left Claire drinking with Mark. She called out "Have fun!" as we disappeared out the door.
We got in his car and he drove us to his house. It was only a few streets away and near the main road, it was a two bedroom semi that looked in need of repair and as he got his keys out he told me that when - if he ever - had the time when he wasn't working, he would get around to decorating his own house eventually.
I followed him inside. It wasn't too bad in there, the wallpaper was old and faded and the paintwork needed retouching. But he had new carpets and the kitchen was newly fitted, I could see it down the hallway through the open door. He led me into the livingroom and I sat down on a big leather sofa. There was a huge mirror over the fireplace and he had a massive flat screen TV in the corner of the room.
"It's not bad in here, but Ive still got a lot to do."He told me.
"It looks just fine to me..and so do you."
He hadn't had enough to drink for alcohol to make his eyes glaze like that. It was lust. Animal lust.
"I want to fuck you so badly!"He stated, and then he was there beside me, wrapping his arms around me, kissing me, his tongue deep in my mouth, his lips hard on mine.
He was pawing and groping at my lycra top, his hands were moving downwards, sliding up my thighs. He was hungry for me.
I pulled away and I saw the frustration in his eyes.
"Not yet."
"But I need a fuck. I'm hard.."
"Yes, I know you are."I said calmly, and I spread his legs and got down on my knees in front of him. He gave a sigh and opened them wider, leaning back on the seat and closing his eyes.
I popped the button on his jeans and tugged down the zip, I freed his erection. He was very hard, and more than eight inches easily.
"You are a big boy.."I whispered as my hand slid up and down the length of his cock.
He sighed again and pushed his hips forward a little. His cock looked lovely and I wanted to suck it for him but I needed him to tell me something first.
"I'm a bit kinky."I told him, "I like to play games..Tell me what you want.."
"Suck my cock.."
"How badly do you want it?"
He opened his eyes and laughed softly. The penny had dropped. I saw a playful gleam in his eyes and I knew I had been right about him. He welcomed something different, he wanted this sex play.
"Oh, I need it really badly..Im desperate for it..please suck me off.."
I took his cock in my mouth and started to suck, as I did so he gave a moan of satisfaction and I sucked on him harder. His cock tasted sweet, he smelled of shower gel and a vague scent of the musky sweat of a day's work. I stopped sucking him but held his cock in my hand, massaging him gently while I spoke.
"Would you like to be fucked?"
He was a little breathless now and his cock was getting harder by the minute. He was doing so well with this first game that I din't want to wait too long&nbsp; in case he shot his load. And besides, my cunt was dripping wet by now and aching to feel him hard inside me.
"Yes I want to be fucked more than anything. I want my cock inside your cunt I need to come, my balls are aching for it..please fuck it all better for me.."&nbsp; 
Those words sent spikes of electric pleasure shooting up my vagina and at that moment I was so ready for sex it was as if I'd have to take his cock or die!
I pushed my skirt up to my hips, took off my underwear and sat astride him.
As he started to pump into me I rode him hard, aware that every time I squeezed his cock with the walls of my cunt he got that little bit closer to coming, his excitement grew and he cried out softly, little gasps as he let the sensations between his legs take over his mind and body. I was sitting on him, he was letting me take over, I was holding him down by his wrists and as I looked into his eyes I saw he was totally taken over by the moment, loving every second of this bliss, loving the surrender. 
"I've never had this before.."He gasped. 
"Do you like it?"
"Yes..Use me..use me you bitch.."
"Oh I will."I whispered darkly, "I will use you.."
And he cried out, and came hard inside me, his come pumped hard and hot, spurting harder than he had ever known it before in his life.
He sank back exhausted and closed his eyes, getting his breath back. I got off him and as I sat on the edge of the sofa, he reached out and his hand closed around my wrist. He drew me down beside him and embraced me.
"That was out of this world!"He told me, and kissed my cheek.
"I haven't had sex since I was with my wife. She never wanted to play games. I always did but she said no."
And as he looked into my eyes I saw fondness there, he was still feeling the experience we had just shared. I knew I could easily fall in love wtih him and I hoped he would fall in love with me. I had never had such an electrifying fuck, either.
"Thank you."He said, "You're really special..I want us to do this again. I want to play these games. I want you to teach me."
I held him closer and kissed him gently.
"I will teach you." I told him, "I promise you that.."

We started to see each other regularly. We grew closer and although we didn't play games all the time, when we did, I kept it to the verbal basics like the first time we had sex. He loved it, he loved the idea of being controlled, especially as he was approaching orgasm. But there was more if he wanted it, and he did want it. One evening we were talking about how much he liked to be controlled during sex and he fell silent for a moment, then came out with:
"Emma, I want you to do more. I want you to really go for it. Abuse me..not hit, I don't mean that. I mean, other stuff..there must be other stuff?"
I smiled. "There is a lot of other stuff. And you can try it if you want to. But we need to agree what you don't want. And anything else, we can leave up to me."
He felt his cock stiffen when I said that. It gave him a thrill to think there would be things in store for him that he didn't know about and wouldn't know about until I did them.
He switched off the TV and sat in silence for a moment. Alex was a strong minded man who knew what he liked and didn't like, and he had no difficulty telling me what he wanted.
"I don't want to be hit. No whips or stuff like that. I don't want to be tied up but I'm okay with handcuffs. Not those stupid furry ones that you get for a valentine's present, I mean the big metal ones. You can use those on me. Call me names. Make me feel worthless and dirty. I like that. Strip me naked like I've got no say in the matter."
I saw a flicker in his eyes of the fire that reminded me he was a wild animal when he was fired up.
"Push me a bit. Wind me up and push me..but not too far."
"What about vibrators?"
He smiled and I noticed his cheeks flush a little at the mention of sex toys.
"I'd like to try them as long as it doesn't hurt."
"On your cock and balls?"I asked him.
He nodded and I guessed this was something he had thought about for quite a while.
"What about up your arse? I love your arse, you know I'd like to get my hands on it. I won't penetrate you if that's too much."
He laughed softly.
"When I'm wanking I sometimes think about you putting things up there but I don't think I'm ready for it.."
"Does it make you come?"
"Yes,"he told me, "I shoot my load when I get to that point, but as I said, that's just fantasy."
And I thought, there is a fine line between wishful thinking and wish fulfillment. I knew him well enough to know he was ready to move on to much heavier stuff that I knew he would enjoy, but I didn't want to go too far in case it put him off experimenting. I wanted him to be free of the doubts that had kept him locked in frustration for so long, I wanted to free him sexually and give him all his dreams. By now I knew I loved him but he had yet to say it to me. 
"I'll be round to see you tomorrow when you finish work."I told him, "But change out of your working clothes. Dress up for me. And I'll bring the handcuffs."
He was excited but apprehensive at this new expanding boundary and I held his hands and kissed him.
"You are sure you want to do this?"
He nodded.
"Yes, I really want to do this."He said, and sounded very certain.

And so, the next day, I went round to see him. 
I used his spare key to let myself in. He heard the front door and called out: "I'm upstairs Emma.."
I went up the stairs and he stepped out of the bedroom, looking totally stunning. He was wearing expensive denims and a designer shirt, he had showered and shaved and smelled of expensive cologne. He had really made an effort..I just hoped he would like what I was about to do to him, that it would all add up and he would appreciate it as I brought him to orgasm.&nbsp; I'd brought a few things with me in my bag, along with the usual contents like purse and keys and phone there were a few other items..like a slender, twelve inch vibrator and two pairs of handcuffs. And a very sharp pair of scissors. I just hoped I'd got it right and this wasn't taking things too far. He was so excited.
"I've been a bad boy."He told me, "I've been playing with it all day long. I can't stop touching my cock. Help me with this.."
"Come and lie down."I told him, "I've got something special for you..but you have to lie down on the bed."
Alex was straight in the bedroom, he got on his bed and raised his arms willingly as I took the cuffs from my bag and cuffed each wrist to the bed posts. Now he was wriggling a little bit, obviously getting harder and wanting his cock to be out. 
"Have you looked under the bed?"I asked him, recalling something I'd sneaked round and hidden while he was at work.
"No.."He said, and the confused look on his face made me smile. He had said, I was in charge of this game. Well, now I was totally in charge and I wouldn't be unlocking those cuffs until he had recieved my full treatment.. I reached under the bed, took out a polaroid camera and placed it on the bedside table.
"I'm going to take some pictures of you."I told him, "Now what do you think I might be doing that for?"
He seemed totally confused, but I could tell by the bulge in his jeans that his cock was getting harder by the minute.
"I don't know. To show me what a dirty bastard I am."
"Maybe, maybe not." I replied.
And I took the scissors from my bag.
He stared at me in horror as I started to close the blades down and cut through the fabric.
"Emma!"He yelled in alarm, "What the fuck are you doing? these clothes are expensive.."
I ran the blades up the material and they ripped all the way up. I did the same with the other leg and as I cut the denim from his body, the bedposts shook as he struggled in the handcuffs.
I was sitting stride him now, scissors still in my hand.
"You have no say in what happens."I told him, "You have no control. You're such a pathetic wanker you can't even control your own dick, can you?"
And despite the fact that he resented me cutting through his shirt and wrecking that as well, I felt his cock grow harder beneath me and it made me soaking wet. He was loving it deep down inside!
He was now naked and helpless, rather worried and feeling out of control of the situation.
When I switched on the vibrator and he heard it buzzing I swear his cock twitched with excitement, and as I lowered the tip of the toy onto his groin he shivered and moaned helplessly.
"That's right."I said, "You dirty bastard, this is all you're good for."
"Oh no.."He said breathlessly, turned on and yet wishing he could back out of this, "That's too much..stop.."
I pressed the vibrator harder, right between his balls and the vibration went through and up the shaft of his cock and made it buzz as hard as the toy in my hand.
"Shut up you whining little tosser!"I said, "You wanted this, you've got it. Now this thing is going up your arse so I suggest you give it a good sucking first.."
And I offered the buzzing vibrator up to his mouth. He turned his head, trying to back away.
"No, Emma..it's been round my balls.."
"Sorry, sweetheart."I said, and slid the vibrator gently between the cheeks of his arse, rubbed it around, then shoved it back in his face.
"Now suck it."I said, "Suck it or take it deep and dry up your dirtbox."
He closed his eyes and opened his mouth, forcing himself to suck on the sex toy.
"That's right,"I said, "Suck it..you do it so well..I'm sure you're a secret cocksucker..you know you want it in the arse..right up there.."
"No, please..I don't want it!"He cried. 
But the slender vibrator, all soaking wet from his sucking had teased his arse and whether he liked it or not, the buzzing toy was being eagerly accepted as his body relaxed and opened up and I was able to slide it in.
As he felt it penetrate him, he gave up the fight and lie there totally paralysed by the blissful sensation and the total humiliation of it all. He had no control over the situation at all, it was all down to me and he knew that. And his cock was so hard he looked like he would come at any moment. I worked the vibrator in and out of his arse, carefully fucking him with it. I had only penetrated him by about three inches and the vibrator was very slender but to his virgin arse it must have felt enormous.
"That's twelve inches inside you."I told him, "You filthy little liar.. you love it.. you want things in your arse..do you want a cock as well? Shall I go and find a man to fuck you in the arse and pump you full of come? I think you want that as well..a big cock.. something to really stretch you open.."
"No.."He protested weakly, "No..I don't..please stop...don't fuck me in the arse, Emma..please..don't fuck me in the arse.."
I pushed the toy a little deeper and it made him moan. Then I took the camera and began to take pictures of him. One of him lying helpless with his hands cuffed to the bed. Another of him lying there helpless with his legs open, vibrator in his arse. Then I took a picture right between his legs of the sexy toy I'd buried halfway in his hole.
I left the pictures on the bedside table to develop and I grasped the vibrator and gently turned it. He was still hard and his eyes were glazed, he was lost in the pleasure and totally given over to the notion of being helpless but at the same time, he was still fighting against the submission.
"Don't do that!"He begged me, "I feel like I'm shitting myself.." 
"If there's shit on my vibrator.."I warned him, "You're in trouble. Do you know what I'll make you do?"
He gave a gasp, unable to fight against the arousal that vibrator was forcing through his groin.
"You'll make me lick it off."
"I'll make you lick it clean!"I told him, and I unlocked one of the cuffs. As his hand fell free he made no attempt to free himself. Instead, his hand dived between his legs and he began to masturbate hard.
I sat beside him and grabbed a handful ofhis hair and gently but forcefully lifted his head. As he looked up at me he was still wanking, so close to the brink of orgasm it was beautiful.
"Do you know what I'm going to do with these pictures?"
"No.."He begged, "Tell me!"
I held up the first one, showing him chained to the bed.
"I'm going to leave you cuffed to the bed and take them down the pub."
"No..you can't do that.."He was masturbating even harder now, the way his hand slapped against his groin told me he would be very tender come the morning.
I dropped the picture on to the bed and showed him the next one.
He was cuffed to the bed with his cock hard and a vibrator teasing his arse.
"This one.."I said, dropping the picture onto his chest, "Is a good one. I'm going to make sure all your friends and the people you work with see this one.."And I showed him the final picture, the vibrator right in his arsehole.
"And I'm going to put this one up on the wall so everyone knows..Everyone knows how dirty you are.."
"Oh no.."He gasped, shaking and sweating as a flush started to spread through his skin that told me he was about to have a massive orgasm, "Don't show them.."
"I'm going now."I told him, "I'm going to show them all.."
"Show them what a dirty cunt I am.."He said.
I held the final picture closer to his face. At the same time I held the vibrator steady in his arse.
"Yes I will."I told him, "They will all know about you.."
And he cried out, his body shook and he shot the biggest, hardest jet of hot white cum I'd ever seen in my life. It shot upwards in an arc and showered his legs, his groin, as I removed the vibrator his cock was still throbbing and running with semen.
As he went limp, I unlocked his other wrist. He was taking a time coming back to earth and I slipped the cuffs off him and then lay beside him, he wrapped his arms around me and I held him tighter, wanting to hold him so close and say I was sorry if I had been too harsh or too extreme. At times I had seen emotions other than pleasure in his eyes and I had never intended to hurt the one I loved.
"Alex?"I said after a period of silence that worried me a little, "Are you alright?"
He looked at me and blinked back tears.
I stroked his hair, kissed his face.
"I'm sorry if it was too much.."
And to my surprise, I saw he was smiling.
"That was so amazing."He told me, "No barriers, nothing holding back..just pleasure all the way and me losing myself in it. I've never felt so free in all my life."
And he kissed me.
"I want to be like this forever."He told me.
And I gave him what he wanted. My kinks had opened up a part of life that before had only been kept in his head. It made our games exciting, and it had set him free emotionally and sexually in ways he had never imagined possible, he now knew it was okay to live out his fantasies free of guilt and enjoy them completely.
He wasn't the only one who learned something that day, either.
Because this was also the day he told me, finally, at long last, that he loved me too.

The End





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Dorothy Strangelove


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





