BDSM Library - Playing along with my friend and her brother




Playing along with my friend and her brother
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: My best friend is the sex-slave of her brother and I asked them to join in,  This is kind of a journal of what  happened.






10/18/2007 11:04:36 PM &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;



Apparently when she told her brother that she told 'a friend' (me) about what was happening between them, he didn't like that at all. He had specifically forbidden her to tell anybody... But when she told him I wanted to meet him, his mood changed quite a bit it seems...&nbsp; 

 

So the good news is I'm invited to join their 'session' this weekend, the bad news is it'll be my friends punishment session for talking too much... Not entirely sure what to expect, but I can hardly wait till Sunday. The only thing he mentioned was to dress sexy...





10/23/2007 1:33:00 AM



Not much time now to explain everything, but it went great yesterday! He first quitly and very friendly explained me about his rules and what kind of consequences there would be if i would not follow them. Then it was time for some action, so he had his sister show me what to do on specific 'commands'. After we both ended up naked and after a thorough 'body inspection', I was just left to watch the 'punishment' of his sister.&nbsp; 

 

It looked and sounded pretty painful, but made me horny anyway, especially because he looked at me constantly and touched me really everywhere... After the punishment, he said it was time for me to show him what i was worth. He undressed as well and ordered me to give him my best blowjob. He was really trying me out, really using me as his little slut for his pleasure. Somehow my mind said this was seriously wrong, but my feelings said something rather opposite... Soon i had his cum all over my face, but he told me to stay on my knees with my hands behind my back.&nbsp; 

 

After first punishing her for talking too much he was now to reward her as well because she introduced me to him. This reward was in the form of using an electric toothbrush on her clit untill she came very heavily... All the time i was watching with my cum-covered face, wishing it were me to get stimulated like that, ankles attached to wrist to keep her legs open wide. After she came we all had a shower together (they have a big walk-in shower). i was really surprised that it was already time to go (time flies when you're having fun i guess).&nbsp; 

 

Her brother let me out and when we kissed goodbye he mentioned something about next time being my turn (for a 'toothbrush-threatment' i hope) and that he would think of a nice way for me to thank my friend that she introduced me to him...&nbsp; 

 

i really loved the whole experience and will definitely go back whenever possible. nothing's fixed yet, but i'm already longing for the next 'session'!&nbsp; 

 

And if you will now excuse me, i have some masturbation to do :)





11/1/2007 2:15:43 PM



Hi! This week is a holiday here in Belgium, so plenty of time to do all kind of things :)&nbsp; 

 

Monday evening, just after dinner i went over to their place again. Their parents both work when everybody else is home (horeca), so they have the place to themselves almost all of the time.&nbsp; 

 

When i got there they had already started, she was already standing naked with a clothespin on each nipple. He gave me a deep tongue-kiss and told me to do the same with his sister. I had never really kissed a girl before, so i hesitated, but when he showed me a little bamboo stick i knew it would be better to obey... After some more 'introduction to lesbianism', it was time for me to drop some clothes. I had to perform a sexy striptease for him... I'm a reasonable dancer (did some classes) but striptease is still something different... He sat in the sofa, fondling his sister who was on her knees of the floor beside him. i had to continue dancing naked while she started blowing him...&nbsp; 

 

Now he had me exercise some numbered 'positions' he wanted me to take. This time his sister could still help me, but next time i had to know them by myself, or else...&nbsp; 

 

in a position on my back with my knees pulled up to my shoulders, he licked and kissed me between my legs! heavenly... his sister was begging him for the same, but instead of giving it himself, he ordered me to do it, to show her my gratitute for introducing me to him. Again i hesistated. he took the clothespins and that convinced me. i started kind of 'scared'. "ok, you need some encouragement it seems" he said and put one clothespin on my left nipple. aauw... that hurts! a little later when he still wasn't satisfied with my kissing-performance, he added the other and played with them until he was satisfied. He positioned himself over her face and put his dick very deep into her mouth. As she was lying on her back she couldn't pull away... he told me to also finger her while kissing, and that helped as not much later she came. I had to continue while he sat next to her and pinched her nipples very hard. We kept on doing this for very long, she had orgasm after orgasm...&nbsp; 

 

Finally he stopped it and left her lying there, turning his attention to me. He wasn't at all acting as usual now (the master-attitude), but rather very caring for me. He asked if I enjoyed myself and a whole chat like that while he hugged me. Finally he said that he really likes me and that he would really like to have sex with me, real sex. After some hesitation (again :) ) he finally convinced me and i agreed! While his sister was watching us half conscious, he very gently and carefully made love to me... it wasn't my first time, but this was so much better than before... he came just seconds after me, almost too perfect to be true... (and yes, we used a condom of course)&nbsp; 

 

We took a shower together and i must have mentioned something about how i was surprised she could take his dick so deep in her mouth. 'i'll show you' she said and dropped to her knees. i followed and we took turns taking his dick as far as we could. further and further... obviously he didn't mind :)&nbsp; 



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Little Sister


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





