BDSM Library - Dog Chow




Dog Chow
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: slave is punished for not eating her dog food






i knew i was going to be in trouble even before i heard my Master yelling for me to "GET DOWN HERE RIGHT NOW YOU FUCKING PIECE OF SHIT!" my defiance was purposeful and He knew it. i didn't care if He whipped me and left me in my cage for hours afterwards, but there was no way that i was going to eat the dog food He left out for me before he went to work. As part of an ongoing punishment for never getting my chores done on time, Master said He was going to treat me exactly like the filthy, lazy bitch that i was acting like.&nbsp; 

Instead of obeying my Master i hid, afraid of the whipping i was going to receive, cause He sure as hell didn't sound too happy with me. i was trembling as i heard Him stomp up the stairs, turn the doorknob and slam the door of the bedroom open. "BITCH YOU BETTER STOP FUCKING WITH ME RIGHT NOW," He yelled angrily. He saw me shaking in my punishment corner and quickly snapped my leash onto my collar and forcefully dragged me down the stairs. As He held my leash tight enough to cut off a&nbsp; bit of my air intake, He told me that i was going to eat every last drop of my breakfast, and that i was going to thank Him for being kind enough to feed me. 

He slapped me in the face and called me an ungrateful bitch, and then dropped my leash onto the ground but quickly put His foot on it so that i could still not get away. With His free hands He unzipped his pants, grabbed hold of his cock and pissed directly onto the dry dog food kibbles. He zipped his pants back up, and buttoned them, but undid His belt and removed it from His waist. Then He pulled on my leash so that my face was in the kibble and again stomped His foot down on the leash so that I could not move my head away from the dog food. By now i was crying and shaking but He brought his belt down and started whipping my ass as hard as He could. Reluctantly i started eating and i realized the beating would not stop until my dog bowl was empty. 

my ass was on fire by the time i finished my meal, but Master seemed to be a little less upset with me. He took me outside to do my business, then told me i could rest in my cage but that i was going to be on toilet duty until further notice. toilet duty means that whenever my Master has to use the bathroom i either have to take it directly in my mouth, or serve as His toilet paper. i don't mind being used as His urinal, but eating His shit was something that I felt i only deserved if i was being punished severely.

It was getting late and my punishment had gotten me horny as hell, so i crawled out of my cage and found my Master and began to lick His feet hoping He would forgive me for being so ungrateful to Him and His generosity. He responded to me by telling me He need to piss and made me crawl to the bathroom on my hands and knees. i waited for Him to come in and opened my mouth so He could piss in it. He did, said "goodnight" turned off the light, and left me in the bathroom as He closed the door. i curled up near the toilet and tried to make myself as comfortable as i could on the cold tile floor.

the next morning He woke me up and told me to go up to His bedroom and lay face down on the bed. He took his belt off and gave me another good whippin on my already bruised ass and then fucked me in my tight asshole. after He came and pulled out He gave me a moderate hand spanking and told me to be a good girl for Him today while He was at work so that He didn't have to be mad at me anymore and my punishments could end.

Needless to say i&nbsp; ate the dog food He left out for me that day because i didn't know how many more beatings my ass could take and also because i liked being treated like a dog by my Master.



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Anonymous.


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





