BDSM Library - Neighbours From Hell




Neighbours From Hell
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young single girl is woken in the night by her neighbours. Soon she would be made to regret they ever moved next door as she is kidnapped by them and horrifically tortured. Not for the fainthearted.






This story is complete fiction. I have a very sick and twisted mind and I am the girl I write about in this story. This is one of many of my complex fantasies! If you enjoy it or hate it, please feel free to comment. I am a relatively new writer... in fact the only other piece I have ever written is on this site (My Kidnapped Hell) I hope you enjoy reading this as much as I am enjoying writing it! &#8211; Liz.

Neighbours From Hell
Thump. Thump. Thump.
Thump. Thump. Thump.
I threw my quilt over my head, my eyes stayed shut. I was totally used to my neighbours banging constantly throughout the night. They had moved in to the house next door six months ago and there was no reasoning with them. Of course I let them off though. One of them was drop dead gorgeous, 6&#8217;4 and obviously worked out daily. That was Jon. Since he moved in I had made loads of excuses to go round... &#8216;have you got any sugar I can borrow?&#8217; He always smiled at me, retrieved the goods, then sent&nbsp; me packing. I guess I liked him more because he didn&#8217;t seem too interested in me. The thrill of the chase. I had always been that way. Once I got them I quickly lose interest. 
His friend was less of a catch. Although not ugly, there was something less appealing and a little weird and creepy about him. He was built like a rugby player, a little shorter than Jon.&nbsp; Adrian never answered the door when I called, but I could always see him watching me closely when I made small talk with Jon.
Thump. Thump. Thump.
Thump. Thump. Thump.
&#8216;Fucking hell!&#8217; I whispered to myself. I reached over for my phone on the bedside table and lit it up so I could see the time. 03.30am. I lit myself a cigarette in bed and considered going downstairs to the kitchen to get a drink of water. It was a really cold night though and I didn&#8217;t want to get out of bed. I ended up going anyway. Throwing my dressing gown on over my night dress and stumbling out of bed in the dark. I was 23, living on my own with my dog in my mid-terraced house.
Plodding down the stairs, I stumbled down the last few and squealed out loud. Turning the light on in the kitchen,&nbsp; my dog started to whine to be let out of the back door, so I reluctantly opened it for him, still half asleep. He immediately started barking, which I ignored, too tired to care. I left the door open slightly so he could come back in. The freezing cold air touching my legs and travelled upwards, making my 34D nipples stand on end.
My kitchen sink faced the window. As I turned the cold tap on, I vacantly stared at my own reflection. Tall and thin with big boobs. &#8216;Why am I still single?&#8217; A question I ask myself a lot. I consider myself pretty, 5&#8217;11 with long legs, slim build and biggish tits. The next time I look up at the window, I see a figure who I instantly recognise as Adrian standing only inches behind me... I blink &#8211; expecting to have imagined this.... Spinning round, my mouth opens to scream, but he has already looped a belt around my neck and my screams are gasps of air trying to get out of my lungs.
&#8216;Stop! Stop!!!!&#8217; I am trying to scream, but only whispers come out. My hands are gripping the belt, trying to free it and let me breath, but Adrian tightens it so much.... the dog is barking.....I stop fighting.... I am going to die.....Blackout.
My eyes open and I am gasping for air. Confusion washes over me, for a fleeting second upon regaining consciousness, I believe I am back in bed with my warm duvet wrapped tightly around me. Reality hits hard as I realise that I am laid on my front on my cold tiled kitchen floor. I feel a clothe in my mouth, taped into place securely. My hands are tied tightly behind my back and my ankles together. I can no longer hear my dog, and given my situation, I was surprised to find myself worried about weather Adrian had hurt my pup. 
The belt was still around my neck, only looser now. I strained myself to look for Adrian who was sat at my feet waiting for me to wake up. &#8216;Mmm mmm mm!!&#8217; I manage to say. Adrian smiles and stares at my helpless bound body. I squirm and struggle against the ropes. My wrists have been tied way too tight and I can already feel pins and needles stabbing them all over. I hear my dog give a small bark in the next room. Adrian stands up and grabs the trailing end of the belt, pulling the loop tight around my neck again, but not so much as it makes me pass out. I can feel the blood trapped in my head and wheeze for air as he buckles it to keep it in place.
Fear is starting to creep in now the initial shock is passing. I&#8217;m a young pretty girl, nobody is going to call me for at least tonight, what will he do to me? As I begin to panic, Adrian senses it. 
&#8216;That&#8217;s right girl, we&#8217;ve got you all to ourselves. And you&#8217;re really fucking in for it. We&#8217;re gonna really fucking hurt you! Fucking tease! You&#8217;re ours now&#8217;
His words brought on a torrent of tears. My face was pressed into the floor and I was shaking all over. I tried to beg, but the stupid gag was there for a reason. Adrian&#8217;s hand entwined itself in my hair and grabbed. He then dragged me thoughtlessly along my hard kitchen floor towards the back door by my hair. He was taking me outside. My garden was open, but next doors garden had been converted to a garage with filthy little windows. As Adrian picked me up almost effortlessly, I suddenly kicked out with my legs to give at least some fight. It was almost un-noticed though given his strength, and he lifted me through the window, dropping me onto the other side onto the cold stone floor of his garage. I hit my head pretty hard and was too dazed to notice being dragged into a little out-house made of stone. 
The door was bolted shut and terror filled my whole body. I scooted over to the nearest corner, feeling the cobwebs in my hair was the least of my worries as Adrian approached me, clinking on a filthy bulb in the small stone room.&nbsp; Before I had a chance to look at my surroundings, a black bin liner was put over my head. Panic really set in then as I struggled and bucked my whole body in protest. The gag wasn&#8217;t stopping me from screaming now, I was using everything I had. These fuckers were going to touch me and I had to do something! My new found adrenaline rush was short lived when I received the first punch in the face, sending my head back into the floor. I groaned and didn&#8217;t try to get back up. 
Adrian turned me onto my front again and untied my wrists, giving me some relief. He then pulled me up by the wrists and placed handcuffs on them, attaching them to a chain on the ceiling as high as he could get me to go. My dressing gown had come off at this point and only my night dress stood between me and my madman next door neighbour. He then untied my ankles and attached them to other cuffs attached to the floor, spreading them as wide as my legs would open, causing me to grunt in discomfort. My now outstretched body was aching within seconds of being put into position. I knew my fate was now inevitable.
He didn&#8217;t take his time, he didn&#8217;t string it out, a pair of scissors quickly and expertise cut off my night dress, exposing my tits and still erect nipples, then my knickers were sliced off. Adrian pulled the bag from my head so he could look into my fear filled eyes. Fresh tears met his cold pair of evil eyes as he gazed into my soul.
His fingers were soon at the opening of my pussy. All the while he looked me straight in the eyes. I looked away and shut them tightly, squeezing more tears out of them. This made Adrian angry. He jammed two fingers into my pussy making me gasp. Two fingers turned to three, three turned to four, and as I writhed around in pain, I saw him kneel down and cover his hand in lube. Knelt between my legs he worked his thumb inside me with the rest of his fingers. His hand kept getting completely stuck at the widest part, so he resorted to quick, sharp thrusts to try and get it all in. The whole while I was completely stuck in position and in white hot agony.
Adrian was soon grunting with me as he tried his best to ram his huge hand inside my vagina. I felt his hand get stuck yet again at the widest part, he then kept it there and pushed as hard as he could. I could feel his whole arm shaking with the fight my pussy was putting up. He didn&#8217;t give up though, I went shaky and weak, my legs buckled and all my weight fell on my wrists and Adrian&#8217;s supporting hand, but it helped him and his hand suddenly popped all the way in. Some initial relief for me as I felt his hand squirm inside me. I shut my eyes feeling so utterly violated. Adrian pulled his hand out quickly before ramming it straight back in, then out, then in. His hand was soon balled into a fist as he punched my insides with no mercy. I had stopped trying to scream by this point. My whole world was collapsing and I didn&#8217;t know how to take it in.
It felt like at least an hour of cruel fisting before he finally stopped and stood looking squarely at me. He showed me his dripping hand, my blood and juices covering it, but mostly blood. He smeared it all over my face as an extra insult. I could feel blood running down the insides of my thighs and suddenly felt like I would pass out. &#8216;Be back in a bit Bitch&#8217; Adrian snarled. What had I done to deserve this? He left me in the freezing cold stone shed. My pussy throbbing intensely, and this was just the beginning. 
Adrian returned, this time he had a big knife in his hand and my eyes grew wide with fear. As he approached me and i began to shake my head almost hysterically,&nbsp; convinced he was going to kill me. He undid the chain attaching my handcuffed hands to the ceiling, letting my still bound hands fall in front of me. As he undid my ankles from the floor my legs gave way and I fell to the floor, which was an invitation for him to kick me as hard as he could, winding me severely. Gasping for breath I lay on my side as Adrian grabbed the cuffs and dragged me out of the little out-house and into his house.&nbsp; Pushed into a corner, I curled up to protect myself, only daring to keep an eye on Adrian to see what he was doing. We were in the dining room of their house. It was set out just like mine and more tears escaped from my eyes just thinking about this. I watched Adrian as he moved the big dining room table to one side, and lifted the rug up to reveal a little trap door. My house definitely didn&#8217;t have one of these.&nbsp; As he opened it, I knew where I was going. &#8216;would I ever come back up alive?&#8217;
This thought spurred me on to struggle and try and fight off Adrian as he dragged me across the floor where the hatch was. He immediately held the knife under my chin, digging it in till I felt the skin break. I gasped in shock and relented, allowing him to carry me into the dark hole in the floor. Inside the hole was something they had obviously been working on. The first thing I saw was Jon, sitting patiently on a comfortable looking sofa. The modern leather was in contrast to the rest of the room. The walls were covered in thick black foam... soundproofed.
There was a huge metal cabinet in the corner. A metal table with straps, chairs with chains hanging off them, but I was led past these implements to a wooden beam spanning the width of the room, a little lower than waist height. Adrian pushed me so I stumbled forward and the beam hit my thighs. He then bent me over it so I was almost doubled up on myself. My handcuffs were attached to a D ring on the shiny tiled floor. My legs were once again spread and ankles chained to more D rings on the floor. At least I could rest my hips on the wooden beam. My ass and pussy were now completely exposed to these madmen. &#8216;Have fun then!&#8217; Adrian spoke and then left the room. I was now alone with Jon. For at least 10 minutes, Jon continued to sit and watch my situation as I squirmed and tried to get comfortable in this position. The blood had rushed to my head as it was hanging upside down and the belt still wrapped around my neck wasn&#8217;t helping.
I was wheezing and groaning when he finally got up and walked towards me. I could only see his feet now as he stepped over the beam and stood so his feet were directly below my face. The anticipation of what would happen next was unbearable for me. I began to beg as best I could with the gag. I was surprised when he ripped it off and I could finally breath through my mouth and not my nose. &#8216;Please... please! What are you doing! Why!&#8217;
&#8216;Shhh&#8217;
&#8216;&#8217;No, please don&#8217;t hurt me, please! I&#8217;ll do anything, please let me g...&#8217;&nbsp; He brought his fist down so hard on my back all the air ran out of my lungs.
&#8216;I said: Shhh&#8217;
I began openly sobbing, wails that would cut through any normal person, but not Jon and Adrian. Cold and uncaring, they had obviously planned this for me all along. All feelings of lust I had felt for Jon had vanished.
&#8216;We really don&#8217;t care what you think. We&#8217;re gonna really hurt you, because... well because we want to! You only made it worse for yourself coming round those times and flirting with me. You asked for this....&#8217; 
&#8216;No Jon, you can&#8217;t do this to me, I thought you were nice!&#8217;
&#8216;You definitely got that wrong, now SHUT THE FUCKING FUCK UP!!!&#8217;
I shut my mouth but carried on crying silently in disbelief to my situation. Jon went over to the metal cabinet and started taking some stuff out and placing it on the table behind me. I could barely make out what he was getting. Firstly a ball gag was placed in my mouth. It was way too big and it only just squeezed between my teeth, my jaw was stretched to the limit and I protested best I could, which resulted in Jon buckling it as tightly as it could go around my head. &#8216;At least with this my screams might be heard?&#8217;  I thought, before remembering the soundproofing I could see on the walls. I hung my head silently as I watched a sliver of my drool reach to the floor. Bent over double as I was, my head wasn&#8217;t too far off the floor, but to save all the blood from rushing to my head I kept lifting it up so I was directly facing the floor. If I wanted to watch Jon, I could let it hang down and look through my spread legs. 
Jon approached me again and as he did so my breathing quickened rapidly, panic rising. His hand rested on my ass cheeks and stroked it gently, I could feel he had rubber gloves on and my body tensed up when he ran his finger over my anus. Jon didn&#8217;t bother with lube, just pushed a finger right up my ass sharply and suddenly. I remembered Adrian fisting me and prayed to a god I had never really believed in that my ass didn&#8217;t have the same fate as my pussy.&nbsp; Jon seemed happy to see me squirm in discomfort for a time with just his one finger, wiggling it around inside me, almost testing how tight my ass was.
He withdrew his finger and collected some more items I couldn&#8217;t see from the cabinet. It was fair to say this cabinet wasn&#8217;t going to contain anything I might like. And I was right. I flinched as I felt something a little sharp and plastic inserted into my anus. Jon fed the tube into me for what seemed like forever until I felt him push in a wider part. This wider part turned out to be some kind of tough balloon which Jon didn&#8217;t hesitate in inflating. After around three pumps, the pressure on my sphincter was making me gasp. He didn&#8217;t stop at three pumps though, he carried on until my gasps turned to piercing cries. I started to struggle so much I felt my skin tare around my wrists and ankles where the cuffs kept me locked. They were metal and I knew I would be very bruised in these area&#8217;s. Jon didn&#8217;t even stop pumping when I began to convulse in agony, my piercing cries had turned to low moans of defeat and agony. When he finally stopped, I couldn&#8217;t move without the searing white hot pain shooting in my anus, so decided it was probably better to keep still. I couldn&#8217;t stop the low groaning though, agony wasn&#8217;t the word for it. It was about to get worse.
I didn&#8217;t know exactly what was inside my ass as I couldn&#8217;t see, but the tube and the inflatable keeping it there suggested to me that I was about to receive some kind of enema. My suspicions were correct, but it was going to be far worse than any normal enema. The inflated balloon was impossibly lodged inside my ass, no amount of pushing would budge it and trying caused me so much pain that I didn&#8217;t for long. &#8216;You&#8217;ll probably push that out eventually.&#8217; Jon laughed&#8217; I doubted that very much! It felt like the size of a football! &#8216;You&#8217;ll have to push it out, or you&#8217;ll explode or something!&#8217; Jon was giggling now. I didn&#8217;t understand but was quickly filled with dread. &#8216;I&#8217;m not entirely sure what&#8217;s going to happen to you actually, we&#8217;ve never done this before, but its gonna be real fun finding out!&#8217; I looked through my legs. I could see the end of the tube dangling from my ass which the balloon was keeping in place, it was so long it was trailing n the floor. When Jon picked it up and inserted what looked like a football pump into the tube, my immediate thoughts were: &#8216;What the fuck?!&#8217;&nbsp; 
Jon began rapidly pumping air into my bowels, the sensation was indescribable, and unpleasant. As I felt myself filling up from the inside, I could hear Jon humming a song I had heard earlier on the radio. I tried my hardest to concentrate on the song and not the evil violation I was now suffering.&nbsp; When the discomfort became painful, I was once again thrashing around to no avail. Jon wasn&#8217;t about to give up, intent on seeing me try to push the huge ball out of my ass. I felt like I was going to explode with a strange full feeling which just kept growing with every pump Jon gave me. I tried and strained to force the ball out of myself, but the pain in my bowels had become too great to push, and now I was screaming and begging him to stop with everything I had in me. My pleas fell on deaf ears as Jon continued, still humming. I didn&#8217;t know what song now, and I didn&#8217;t care, I couldn&#8217;t think of anything else and just when I thought I might pass out, he finally stopped filling me with air. &#8216;Please, please!&#8217; I tried to say. With the ball gag in though it sounded more like: &#8216;aeeh, aeeh!&#8217; &#8216;Fucking please stop and get this air out of me!&#8217;
Jon felt my stomach. It was swollen and hard, like I was pregnant. He tapped on it producing a hollow sound, and was soon patting it harder and harder, giggling like a kid while I cried in agony. My tears mixed with a pool of drool on the floor beneath me. Jon was prodding and poking me, seemingly enjoying something he had never played with before. Like a kid with a new toy. Soon Jon had both his hands on my stomach, pressing it and squeezing it, enjoying how I reacted to it. As his hands reached down to my tits, he soon forgot about my stomach and began playing with my breasts. I couldn&#8217;t care less about him touching my breasts, I was in absolute agony, still attempting to push the ball out of my ass so the air could be released. My groans became so desperate in my agony as my bowels began to cramp, with each cramp I was virtually growling with pain now. I hadn&#8217;t even noticed that Adrian had now joined us again. Jon stopped playing with my tits and huge inflated stomach, got off his knees and filled Adrian in on what he had done to me. They were both laughing at me and I felt my face prickle with humiliation and rage at what they were doing to me. I tried to take my mind of the pain by listening to them.
&#8216;I kinda hoped the air would push out the inflatable ball in her ass, but I guess I blew it up too much&#8217; As Jon was saying this, Adrian grabbed the pump attached to the ball inside my ass and unexpectedly gave it a few more pumps. The shock of this made me want to scream so hard that no actual sound came out of my mouth. The two of them laughed a little more before Adrian said: &#8216;I have had a great idea!&#8217; I tried to see what they were doing, but the next thing I felt was the ball gag buckle being undone. I sighed with the relief it gave to my jaw, but was soon overcome with racking sobs, begging with them to stop now. Jon bent down so I could see his face though my legs. &#8216;Do you want us to let the air out of your ass? I mean its been there quite a while now and we&#8217;re not sure we want to smell your shit&#8217; As he said this I had not even thought of that. I had just wanted them to let the air out, the thought of having to fart in a room with these two men was degrading and repulsed me. I knew though that it was inevitable. More tears escaped my eyes as Adrian stepped over the beam and lifted my head up with my hair. I barely got chance to see the gas mask before it was shoved onto my head and strapped into place. &#8216;oh god no.&#8217;  
The football pump that had pumped massive amounts of air into my colon was pulled out of the tube travelling inside my ass. The pump was quickly replaced by the tube hanging off the gas mask attached to my face and I almost immediately gagged with the strong smell and taste of my own shit. The pressure from inside my stomach was easing quickly though as I breathed all the air into my lungs. The air I breathed out was filtered outside of the mask as any air I breathed in was being directly fed to me from my own ass. The humiliation was too much to bear and I was soon heaving. &#8216;Don&#8217;t be sick Liz, because we&#8217;re not taking the mask off you till your tummy has gone back to being its normal flat self! If you puke, you&#8217;ll just have to deal with that too.&#8217; I swallowed down rising bile to prevent this. &#8216;I wish I was dead&#8217; I thought.
I don&#8217;t know how long I had been breathing in my own smell of shit for when they detached the gas mask tube from the one violating my ass, but I had started to feel the huge intrusion that was the inflated ball now the pain from my bowel had subsided. God knows if all the air was out. It helped if I pushed a little so more air would escape. Jon and Adrian made no move to let the ball deflate though, and I was hoping against hope that that would be their next move. I couldn&#8217;t see very well with the gas mask still covering my face, but I was soon engulfed in an incredibly over powering smell. Jon had opened a bottle of alkyl nitrites &#8211; otherwise known as poppers &#8211; and was holding the opening right underneath my breathing tube. I quickly felt the effects, blood rushing to my head and the room spinning. I had tried these before and not enjoyed the effect. Completely out of control and dizzy, the world spinning away from me.... I welcomed it this time. I breathed the poppers in and was soon on another planet. Any planet was better than this one. My body was limp and I was moaning softly as I lost control and everything faded to black.
My banging heartbeat thumping inside my head brought me round, as my confusion subsided I soon realised my ass was being filled with liquid this time. A hose attached to a tap on the wall was slowly feeding freezing cold water into me. &#8216;Right Liz, we&#8217;ve put the tap on slowly, so filling you up is going to take a good while...&#8217; Adrian was smirking &#8216;We&#8217;ll let you have some rest now, just let us know when that water pushed the ball out of your ass. In fact you&#8217;ll probably wake us up with your screams when the water starts to come out. We&#8217;re going to bed, when we get up and you&#8217;ve shit out the ball... and the rest of the water inside you, we&#8217;re gonna fuck you up even more!&#8217; I was shaking violently now, &#8216;No! Please don&#8217;t leave me like this, please, I&#8217;ll do anything you want, please fucking please don&#8217;t leave me like this...&#8217; I was cut off in mid-plead by Adrian cruelly pumping the balloon up twice more before they retreated up the stairs and left me alone and helpless, slowly filling with water that would either kill me by perforating my bowel, or actually pushing the huge intrusion that was now actually the size of an oversized tennis ball.
Before they left the room completely I suddenly felt a wave of defiance: &#8216;No!, You can&#8217;t do this to me. You have to fucking stop before you kill me Adrian&#8217; Jon left the room via the stairs as Adrian stepped down the steps towards me. I flinched, anticipating some form of pain to hit me in the next few seconds. Adrian simply grabbed a roll of duck tape and wound it round my mouth, he kept winding it round my mouth and the back of my head until he reached my nose... I quickly moved my head so the tape wouldn&#8217;t cover my nostrils but he grabbed me and kept me still enough, soon I couldn&#8217;t breath in or out and I was terrified. &#8216;Mmmm! MMm, m, ....&#8217; My whole body shook with lack of air, my lungs ached within me, and within seconds the panic I felt was inexplicable. Adrian stood and watched my helpless form as the lack of air grew painful. He watched as I started to give up the fight, and he watched me go limp in front of him while I slipped into another world. This world of black wasn&#8217;t so bad.
The real world returned. My bruised wrists ached and the position I was in was becoming unbearable. The wooden beam was the only thing holding my weight and my hips were aching and sore, unbeknown to me, they were cut and black with bruises from the struggling I had done. My ass throbbed more than anything and every move I made helped me remember how large that inflatable was in my ass. Adrian had cut a tiny hole in the tape, allowing me to breathe through one nostril. My mouth and my other nostril were taped up tightly. This was a struggle in itself.
&#8216;I&#8217;m not waiting for you to fill up, I&#8217;m just going to help this along.&#8217; Adrian called Jon and told him he was going to do this now. He walked over to the tap on the wall and twisted it, opening the faucet to let a stronger jet of water out. I felt the pressure change immediately and my breathing became erratic as I felt my insides filling fast. As the water ran down the tube into my bowel, Adrian jiggled my stomach, squeezing it, feeling it fill up and grow hard. The ball was still stuck fast. I didn&#8217;t notice Jon watching too as my struggle became more advanced. The cramps had started in waves, each one worse than the last. My lungs were aching more now with the struggle to breath though only a tiny hole, and in the end it was too much for me again as I passed out for the third time in as many hours.
When I woke up the pain was excruciating. I was thrashing about violently and making inhumane noises, unable to control myself. At least the tape had been ripped off my nose so I could breath better. My insides felt ready to burst any second. The pressure was massive and I&#8217;d only been conscious&nbsp; about 2 minutes when I felt myself begin to fade again. When Jon and Adrian realised I had stopped moving they turned the tap right down to a dribble. They were disappointed the flow of water wasn&#8217;t pushing the ball out of me like they had hoped. I was barely conscious at this point. I could still feel the cramps and the stretching of my insides, but the pain was way beyond anything I had experienced before.
I felt my handcuffs being undone from the floor. My ankles were released too and I was dragged heavily. Through a blur of agony, I just made out Jon removing the bottom of the wooden chair I had seen when I first entered the room. It was now just the frame of the chair and I was dropped into it, my ass complete with tube hanging out of it, stuck fast in the little square. Gravity was their next tactic. I had been trying to shit the huge ball out while upside down, so this made sense, even to me in my dazed state.&nbsp; My wrists and forearms were strapped to the arms of the chair, as were my knees. Jon placed a bucket underneath me.
&#8216;Liz? Liz, can you hear us?&#8217; My eyes were rolling into the back of my head now and my head lolled around. I was in a world of pain and no one could reach me. Adrian resorted to slapping my face, and after five or six hard slaps, the world came rushing back to me and I was conscious enough to feel what happened next.
The position I was in now could only be described as what looks like when I child accidentally falls into the toilet. I was strapped into this position and my expanding stomach was pressing into my upper legs, I actually did look like a pregnant woman at this point. Adrian and Jon continued to prod it and marvel at it, causing the cramps to rip through me. It felt like my insides were now tearing. I began to push the huge ball with every wave of cramp I got. It was the only way I could save myself now. &#8216;Fuck this&#8217; I heard Adrian say. He turned the tap on full. It took only seconds. The ball flew out pulling the tube with it, and the water that had been inside me rushed out of me, along with blood where the ball had completely torn my ass on its quick departure. The relief was so much I actually burst out laughing, to Adrian&#8217;s and Jon&#8217;s horror.&nbsp; It took a while but I expelled the water and the bucket was quickly taken away. I was silently glad they didn&#8217;t make me drink it or anything, that would have been possibly the worst thing.
I was exhausted now, I hoped they would let me rest now that was over. I couldn&#8217;t take anymore.&nbsp; I was barely registering as they led me over to the steel frame that was once a bed. There was no mattress and I was thrown onto it. My wrists and ankles tied tightly with rope to each corner. I lay facing the ceiling and closed my eyes. 
When I opened them again, the room was completely dark. I had been asleep but I didn&#8217;t know how long for. I couldn&#8217;t feel my hands and feet they had been tied so tight. Bare sharp steel springs dug into my back and I tried to move to feel more comfortable. The tape gag was still sealing my lips firmly shut, but I still made soft noises in the darkness. When would they come back? What will they do? More tears came. It felt like I was crying for the next hour or so, but I had no concept of time now.
I don&#8217;t know how long it was before I jerked awake by the sound of footsteps closing in on me. Adrian and Jon were hovering over me staring intently at my naked helpless body. I squirmed a little under the scrutiny of their eyes, not knowing what to expect now. Adrian started playing with my clit softly while Jon squeezed my tits. His squeezing soon turned to gripping and awful pain as he twisted them as hard as he could. Adrian was digging his finger into my clit and slightly moving it around. I tried to shake off the feeling of pleasure it was giving me. Soon he was rubbing furiously and I was gasping in pleasure. Half of me wanted him to stop, but now I knew I really needed to come, and it was going to be hard. This was such an odd situation at which I felt utterly humiliated and degraded. How can these psychos put me through this and now make me cum? Jon&#8217;s hand wandered up to my neck and squeezed around it, restricting my breathing as Adrian continued to rub my clit to oblivion. I was so turned on from it that I didn&#8217;t even try to stop my orgasm, which was indeed a huge screaming affair, only stifled from the soft choking Jon&#8217;s hand was doing to me.&nbsp; My back arched, my insides tensed up and I felt my thighs shaking as my orgasm subsided. Adrian didn&#8217;t stop though now. Pleasure was now replaced with discomfort as he grinded my swollen clit till I came again, and again, and again. I was soon struggling and begging him to stop, but every time I got loud Jon would cut off the air in my windpipe and I would be forced to lay there and take it. My clit was now so sore and sensitive that I was receiving no pleasure whatsoever. Tears ran down my face as another orgasm ripped through me, and eventually Adrian stopped. 
My clit felt huge and I could feel each throb like a knife. When Adrian grabbed what looked like a glass tube, and placed it over my huge clit, I immediately realised I wasn&#8217;t going to be having anymore fun today. The glass tube was dug into the base all around my extremely sensitive clitoris, and a little pump attached to the end withdrew the surrounding air, creating a vacuum and drawing up my clit as far as it would go. I screamed so much that Jon had to choke me with extra strength, but Adrian continued to pump until I thought my massively stretched clit would tear off. It didn&#8217;t, but it was now protruding nearly 2 inches from my pussy, resembling what looked like a small penis. I was horrified, and terrified that I would be permanently disfigured. When Adrian was happy he couldn&#8217;t make it look any bigger, he stopped, leaving the glass tube cruelly bobbing around with my swollen and stretched clit inside it. He then stood up and began to take off his trousers. Jon moved out of the way as Adrian climbed on top of me and sat on my tits, his huge hard cock was now pressing into my chin. I felt Jon flick the tube around my clit making me yelp and jump. He started to finger my pussy, with each movement I could feel the excruciating agony my clit was now emitting.
Adrian was now positioning himself over my face, his cock was in his hands and he was aiming it at my mouth. My reflex action was to purse my lips tightly together, which earned me a swift back hander round my face. I opened my mouth and let in this cock that I didn&#8217;t want. I only had to open it a little, but Adrian quickly rammed it all the way down my throat. My gag reflex kicked in, and while it did, it made my clit hurt even more with each gag. Adrian fucked my throat as hard as he could, not caring that I was gasping for breath as I choked heavily on it, my saliva covering his cock, he occasionally withdrew it to wipe the gunk all over my face. It was in these instances, that I realised being tied up was more annoying than ever. You take for granted that when your wrists are not bound above you, you can brush the hair from your eyes, or in my case, wiping away my own saliva and trying to stop it from going up my nose.
Eventually Adrian came down my throat. As he juddered into his orgasm, he kept his cock all the way down, not allowing any air to enter or escape my lungs as he emptied his load down me. My throat could feel his cock pumping it into me, but thankfully I never got to taste it. I was so relieved when he pulled out and climbed off me. Of course he climbed off me, only to be replaced by Jon, who took his place within seconds. I was mortified and shook with panic as Jon&#8217;s penis violated my throat. 
When the two of them were done fucking my mouth, they turned their attention to my ever protruding clit, still captured in its own hell. Adrian used a thin twine to loop around the base of the tube, he then pulled the twine as tightly as he could, cutting off the blood supply to the rest of my clit and tied it as tight as he could. I was almost delirious with the pain by this point, but I was shook into fighting again as they tried to remove the tube and break the suction. I was inconsolable and Jon&#8217;s hand was now firmly clamped over my mouth in an effort to quiet me a little. When it finally came off, my clit was unable to retreat to its home due to the twine wrapped around the base of it. The blood was trapped inside it and it had gone beyond sensitive to touch. Jon stood and I lifted my head to see my once tiny clit, now a ball of swollen flesh, deep purple and hard.
Adrian put a strip of tape over my mouth before he began flicking my clit as hard as he could. The agony was unreal. Adrian had been wise to gag me before inflicting his latest sadistic techniques. I didn&#8217;t know if I wanted to cum or die. When the flicking of my monstrous clit ceased, I was suddenly rather more panicked by the fact both Adrian and Jon had now turned their attentions to applying more straps to my body to hold me more steadily. Along with my wrists and ankles, my spread eagled form was now being fixed firmly down at nearly every point. My thighs, hips, stomach, tops of my arms, forearms, even my neck. Each strap attaching me to the bare metal frame I was stretched out on. My breathing was now becoming quicker through my nose, with added grunts with each wave of fear washing through me. I was also starting worry my clit would fall off. 
Jon went to work first, applying the same little glass tubes to each of my nipples. I watched in horror as my nubs were sucked up and into the tube till it felt like they would be ripped from my breasts. They were left like this and my attention was soon on Adrian, who had started to giggle. I suddenly realised why. In his cruel hands, he held a pair of pliers. He was snipping them rapidly, occasionally pinching at the skin on my stomach, pulling it upwards and twisting and squeezing harder. My screams were muffled by the tape. Each time he let a piece of skin go, he would begin on another part, travelling further and further down my stomach until he finally reached his goal. My disfigured clitoris. As bound and as helpless as I was from avoiding what it knew it couldn&#8217;t avoid. I squeezed my eyes so tightly I saw stars. I felt the cold metal jaws slide onto each side of my clit. The pliers were actually struggling to surround the mound of flesh in their wide open state. As he began to squeeze I began to buck my whole body in protest, my wracking screams were now easily penetrating the tape as it slipped off my mouth through sweat and drool. Jon held his hand over my mouth again, one hand on my mouth, one hand on my windpipe, pressing hard. I could hardly breath at all. The pliers closed further and Adrian pulled my clit and twisted it sharply to the side. I blacked out. There was no fading out, just instant darkness. 
There was no pain here. I wanted to stay. The real world was too painful to go back to, but I couldn&#8217;t argue, and I was thrown back into it.
When I came round, Adrian had put the pliers down and was now tying more cord around the base of my nipples. I could feel my clit throbbing so much I wondered if it could explode. I hoped not. When both my nipples were given the same preliminary treatment my clit had been given, the glass tubes were roughly pulled off to reveal the sensitive purple mounds that were now my nipples. Jon&#8217;s hands were soon clamped over my mouth and neck as the pliers met my nipples. One after another.
With each of the cords tied around my nipples and clit, a long piece had been left trailing. Adrian quickly tied all the cords together, ensuring there was enough tension to pull my nipples towards my clit, and my clit towards my nipples. It was straight away after that I saw the long wooden cane he had retrieved from the cabinet. I was lost for sound. My rapid breathing was sending me dizzy as I tried to calm myself. Floods of tears escaped my eyes as Jon forced what seemed like a large amount of material into my mouth, stuffing each of my cheeks before ensuring the duck tape was wrapped firmly around my mouth. My screams would now be useless, but I already knew it would not stop me from screaming.
The first blow hit my stomach. Before I even had the chance to scream another hit just above the first. Adrian wasn&#8217;t holding back, he was bringing the blows down as hard as his own strength would allow him. I was wrong about the screaming. Right now I was in too much pain to make any noise at all. It was all I could do to try and cope, but the pain was too much. Not so much though that I would be granted my wish to pass out. No. This I had to stay awake for, and I did. Adrian made sure my whole stomach became an array of lined broken skin. The impact left immediate bruises, and the force of the blows tore my skin open. I tried to make my mind wander. Think nice things, think of anything! I couldn&#8217;t. Adrian sensed my efforts to take my mind elsewhere, and his aim was directed at my once perfect clitoris. The direct hit sent my body into spasms. Adrian and Jon watched as they witnessed a young girl in the most horrific torment. 
Adrian put down the cane. Not that I noticed. I was in some other place, delirious from torture. The twine was finally untied from my clit. It was now at least 4 times its usual size and black and deep red. My nipples, it was decided, were not damaged enough to be freed just yet.&nbsp; By now I was passing in and out of consciousness. I woke up at one point to find Jon pressing a glass of water to my lips. I drank it and passed out again. The next time I woke up I felt the freezing bag of peas that had been placed over my pussy. My clit was damaged beyond repair though. It was now so swollen that Jon and Adrian daren&#8217;t touch it. Of course it never occurred to them to take the string from around my swollen nipples. I already knew they had the same fate as my clit. For now though they were left to throb and swell more as Adrian and Jon left me alone with my thoughts. Still strapped to the metal bed frame, shivering from both fear and cold. I shut my eyes and hoped they would kill me.









After what felt like hours, I was still laid there. Listening to the sounds of my own breathing and praying I would be released. I wondered if anyone would be looking for me by now, but I had no idea how long&nbsp; had been here. I was still strapped down to this metal bed frame, but by now the frozen pea&#8217;s over my clit had melted and was starting to feel warm. I couldn&#8217;t feel my nipples at all though. I wished I could sleep, but I couldn&#8217;t. I was too frightened and also pretty cold. When I finally heard bumps and noises above, I flipped out into a full blown panic attack before the door to the room was even opened.&nbsp; As Jon and Adrian approached me, I wished I could shrink back into the bed. My breathing was so heavy it sounded as though I&#8217;d been for a long run. My cheeks and mouth were still stuffed with clothe to muffle my screams so I wasn&#8217;t about to have a conversation. Jon cruelly gripped my nose between his fat fingers. The tape over my mouth prevented any air from escaping from anywhere. I desperately tried to shake my head to get Jon to let go but he only held my hair to restrain me more. My chest was burning from my lungs straining for air, and Jon finally let go. &#8216;Now you should be breathing heavily.&#8217; He said. As the air began flooding in an out of my lungs again, Jon left it a few moments before gripping my nose again. Again I tried to shake him off to no avail, thrashing around on the bed frame till I was exhausted. He released his grip from my nose and once again I could breath. 
How much more of this could I take? The answer was simple. I could actually take a lot more of it, and I did - through no choice of my own. Jon continued to control how much breathing I was allowed to do. Before long I was getting pretty dizzy and wasn&#8217;t fighting it so much. My lungs were aching through lack of oxygen, and so was my brain. Jon eventually stopped this game after growing bored of it. When he finally left me alone, Adrian began to undo the straps still binding me to the bed. When all the straps were released I was pulled up to my feet, my hands were encircled with a now familiar pair of handcuffs behind my back. Adrian then placed an industrial sized cable tie around my elbows and drew them together. This hurt me more than I expected. I had been strapped in the same position for a long time and now my body was aching and required to endure more and more pain at the hands of these psychos.
Now that my wrists and elbows were tied, my chest stuck out in front of me, my purple nipples still tightly wrapped were like little balls of sensitive tissue. I stood naked in front of these men, still shivering. Another tear escaped down my face and Adrian grabbed my hair, pulled my face towards his and licked the tear away. &#8216;Mmmmff&#8217;  I gasped as he pushed me heavily backwards. I stumbled into the middle of the room, barely keeping my balance. 
&#8216;Stand still and spread you&#8217;re legs apart&#8217; Adrian barked the order. It was my nature to not do as I was told. I have always hated being told what to do and how I should be doing things. I didn&#8217;t think about the consequences of not following a direct order from someone who had the power to take me beyond agony. As I stood in front of them, naked and bound, my legs stayed firmly together in protest. I trembled as Adrian took a slow step towards me, instinctively I took a step backwards and he suddenly rushed closer to me, grabbing my neck between his large hands and squeezing as he brought his knee up to meet my stomach as hard as he could. My legs gave way, but Adrian&#8217;s hands stayed firmly around my neck. Being winded and strangled at the same time is something I instantly knew I never wanted to experience again. When Adrian finally let me drop to the floor I was screaming in more agony and fear. By now I was beginning to realise how much physical stress the human body is able to withstand. It appeared that mine was taking a severe amount of it and I was still alive. I didn&#8217;t know if this was a blessing right now.
&#8216;Get the fuck up right now, and spread you&#8217;re legs for us you stupid fucking whore. If I have to tell you again I&#8217;ll give you a concrete enema and throw you into the river after it sets.&#8217; Still gasping, I got up as fast as I could and placed my feet wide apart. My tits jutted out, more tears fell from my face and landed heavily onto them. I could feel the tears rolling down the sides of my breasts till they fell onto the floor in-between my feet. Jon and Adrian watched my discomfort for a few moments. They were obviously enjoying every ounce of their cruelty towards me. As more tears came, they both appeared to get simultaneously hard in their trousers. &#8216;How the fuck can staring at a crying terrified girl make them hard?!&#8217; I desperately wished I knew.&nbsp; Adrian smiled then. I had never seen him smile before and it was almost humorous. Maybe I was going crazy, but I suddenly had an impulse to laugh. This feeling was soon replaced by the ever present fear as both the men approached me. Jon walked behind my back as Adrian stood in front of me. He was so close I could smell the alcohol on his breath.
Jon&#8217;s forearm came from behind me and rested under my chin before pulling me backwards and squeezing my neck some more. He was pressing himself against me and I felt him push his huge cock, still inside his trousers, into my cuffed up hands. He was soon grinding his cock so that my hands were unwillingly bringing him even more arousal. I tried to move but his arm pressed into my neck was keeping me from getting away from this one.&nbsp; Adrian was staring into my eyes again, enjoying my look of defeat, my tears now were almost at a constant flow. He brought up both his hands and spread them out so his palms were facing my body, my nipples soon met his rough palms as he rubbed around in circles. I screwed my face up in agony already. My nipples were verging on black now they had been tied for so long. He was soon catching them on the insides of his fingers and squeezing harder and harder, until my moans had become agonising screams, all completely muffled by the gag. 
&#8216;Use your hands and play with my cock&#8217; Jon whispered into my ear from behind me. I shook my head to indicate he had no chance, which earned me Adrian&#8217;s thumbs and forefinger crushing both my nipples in his fingers. Crushing and twisting till my throat was raw from screaming. Jon also protested to my negative answer by pulling his choking arm towards himself, crushing my windpipe and rendering me unconscious in what seemed like seconds. Jon held me upright by my shoulders as my head lolled around like a doll.
I was starting to get used to passing out now. The worst part was always waking up to find that I was still living in this nightmare. The reality of it seemed to hit me all at once and overcome me with a new refreshed fear. This time was no different. I steadied myself on my legs again. Adrian was fingering my pussy as Jon put his arm back to its place under my chin. Even this choked me a little, but only enough to make my breathing a little wheezy and nothing more. &#8216;Are you gonna play with my cock now, silly bitch?&#8217; I knew I had to do this. I nodded my head and Jon took his trousers off, followed by his boxer shorts.&nbsp; His cock was forced into my hands and I swallowed down my humiliation as I felt the need to please him. I didn&#8217;t have a choice now. If I didn&#8217;t play with his cock, I would endure some form of punishment, which I had to avoid at all costs if I could help it. My brain was telling me I should grab Jon&#8217;s big cock and attempt to snap it clean off. This thought kept me going through the next ten minutes. My hands were wrapped around it firmly, squeezing it hard as he pushed it in and out of my encircling hands. The end of his penis kept stabbing into my back as he thrust it faster and faster in and out, and I finally heard him moan before I felt his spunk cover my back and dribble down into the crack of my ass.
My pussy was still sore from the fisting Adrian had given it hours earlier, but now I realised Adrian was planning to go for round two and I braced myself as he once again forced his whole hand up and inside me. He kept it there and wriggled it around inside me, balling his hand into a fist shape then twisting around to assess the level of my discomfort. All the while his eyes rested on my face, screwed up and contorted in pain. Adrian didn&#8217;t seem happy with this though, and was soon attempting to push his hand up me as far as it would go. 
Meanwhile Jon was resting on the sofa, recovering from his orgasm and watching Adrian at work with me. &#8216;Do you think you could get it in up to your elbow?&#8217; Jon asked his friend. &#8216;Nah, not in this hole. But I will show you later when I fist her ass...&#8217; My body tensed up immediately on hearing this and Adrian laughed as he felt my fear. &#8216;There isn&#8217;t really much you can do about it Liz&#8217; He was right. &#8216;By the time we have finished with you you&#8217;ll be able to take both my hands up your cunt, and both up your ass, I&#8217;m really gonna fucking disable you!&#8217; The best way I could handle this information was to deny this was even possible, although it didn&#8217;t take me long to doubt myself on this one &#8211; woman are built to give birth after all.
Soon Adrian began to push his hand further up my pussy, I could the pressure of his fist pressing onto my cervix which was stopping his hand from getting any further. Soon he began to use more force in his effort to push his arm further up me. Even he knew he couldn&#8217;t, but he knew that trying would cause me so much pain that he would enjoy himself anyway. He was soon lifting my feet off the floor by his hand inside me alone, my screams continued to be ignored as wave after wave of agony washed through me. A new fear was soon engulfing me though. I had been there so long now and not once had they let me urinate. My bladder was pretty full and Adrian was basically punching it from the inside of my tortured pussy. Every time my feet were lifted from the floor, I was praying I wouldn&#8217;t piss all over him. 
Without warning, Adrian pulled his hand out from inside me and rammed it back in. He repeated, still slamming it into my cervix.... I couldn&#8217;t hold it any longer and as he withdrew his hand and began to aim his fist back inside me, my urine hit it dead on and stopped him dead in his tracks. He pulled his hand away from me as if I had burned it. My face tingled with shame, and I already knew that this was going to be really really bad. Adrian&#8217;s face filled with anger. His eyes appeared to shrink and cloud over. 
In contrast, the room was so quiet except from my heavy breathing and the sound of my piss hitting the tiled floor, soaking my bare feet. The anticipation was unbearable. Adrian seemed to be fixed to the spot, he was so angry I wouldn&#8217;t be surprised if steam came out of his ears. Jon was now sat forward on the chair with his hands covering his mouth, looking back and forward between me and Adrian.
I stepped backwards, and my movement sparked Adrian into action. He charged at me and knocked me flying backwards and onto my arse. Adrian then lunged at me, picking me up by my hair and launching my head into the wall. I felt and heard my nose crack as it collided with the floor. Picking me up again he threw me into the middle of the room. I scrabbled around on the floor, desperate to get away from him. Jon watched in shock as Adrian came back at me, his foot planted itself in my side as he kicked me. Over and over, he continued to kick me and stamp on me. I curled into a ball to protect at least some of me, but this only seemed to infuriate him more and he shoved his fist into me, his other arm under my tied arms, lifting me clean off the ground - he threw me away and towards the wall again. I felt his fist leave my pussy while I was in mid-air, and then I felt my head collide with the wall before landing in a heap on the floor.
My body was now numb and I was in shock. Suddenly I had gone very cold and was violently shaking from the severe beating I had just taken. I was emitting a constant low moan. Jon had now managed to restrain Adrian and calm him down a little. They both sat on the sofa while I tried to process what I was going through right now. As my breathing steadied, I knew Adrian hadn&#8217;t finished with me. As he got up and turned to walk in my direction, I was already screaming with pure fear, terrified of his touch and feel and smell. &#8216;Hey, hey.... &#8216; Adrian soothed. &#8216;I&#8217;m sorry, calm down ok?&#8217; He stroked my hair but I wriggled away from him. &#8216;I didn&#8217;t mean to hurt you, it was an accident I swear!&#8217; Ok now I was confused. How can he say that was an accident? Was he mad? And I didn&#8217;t have to answer that even in my own head. &#8216;Why did you fucking have to piss all over me though Liz, I mean, that&#8217;s just fucking dirty, don&#8217;t you think?&#8217; I could feel his anger returning and I nodded in agreement to his question, anything to stop him from trying to kill me again. Adrian dabbed a tissue under my nose, which was now bleeding heavily. 
&#8216;Stand up&#8217; He ordered. I got up slowly and unsteadily. Adrian helped me by grasping my tightly bound elbows. He pushed me gently towards the back of the sofa and bent me forwards over it. I heard him undo his belt and zip and take out his cock. He roughly spread my arse cheeks open, exposing my anus. With all the injuries I had been given from Adrian&#8217;s boots, I had somewhat forgotten it was only hours earlier I had been forced to push out a huge ball that had been stretching my ass from the inside. I was suddenly reminded of this when Adrian violently forced his cock into my ass. I had lost my voice by now with all the screaming I had been doing. My vocal chords were now damaged along with every other part of me. I still tried to scream though. 
When Adrian realised my voice was gone, he ripped the tape from my mouth and I spat out the material that had now been in my mouth for hours. His cock was now buried deep inside my ass as he banged himself into the sore and swollen hole. My mouth was open as I was trying to scream, Adrian brought his hands around each side of my face, hooked his fingers onto the insides of my mouth and held onto each cheek as he rammed his cock as deep and as hard as he possibly could into my arse. He was pulling so hard on my mouth I thought he might rip my cheeks open.&nbsp; It seemed like he was doing this for hours before he finally shot his load deep inside me, his last thrusts were the most violent.
He pulled out of my ass and I dropped off into a heap on the floor, sobbing. I was really weak now. My body had gone through a tremendous ordeal in such a short space of time. I was both physically and mentally exhausted. I shut my eyes now, not caring what lay in store for me next. I just prayed they would leave me alone for just a little while.
While Adrian zipped his jeans back up, he told Jon to put me on the table. &#8216;No..&#8217; I croaked. My voice was barely a whisper now. I didn&#8217;t have any fight left in me as Jon picked me up off the floor and placed my extremely fragile body onto the table. He rolled me over so I was on my front. My tits were crushed onto the hard metal of the table, somewhere along the line, the cords wrapped around my tits had fallen off. I was no longer struggling, just allowing them to get on with it. I was pushed forward until my head dropped off the edge of the table. I had to hold it up to stop the corner from choking me. He pulled down a chain from the roof and attached it to my cuffed wrists. A pulley system above me pulled my arms upwards, pinning me even more into the table, this also appeared to restrict my breathing and the position was uncomfortable enough to give me some more energy for a fight. Jon told me to bear with it as I wouldn&#8217;t be like this for much longer, they just had a little job to do before they let me rest. I protested with a groan but it was all I could manage in the state I was in. Straps were fastened above me over my back, my legs, my arse, and finally my neck. I wasn&#8217;t struggling anymore now though, and had I tried it wouldn&#8217;t have got me far.
&#8216;Have you got it?&#8217; Jon asked. I didn&#8217;t hear Adrian reply, only his footsteps coming closer towards me. He knelt in front of me to show me his intentions. When I saw what he was holding it was all I could do to beg. Consumed with terror as I was now, I could feel a rush of adrenaline, the kind you get from being chased by someone. &#8216;Oh fuck no, no, no&#8217; I was saying as my sobs filled the room. I knew it was utterly pointless to tell them to stop, they really didn&#8217;t care that I was in hell. Still, the word no kept on falling repeatedly out of my mouth along with my deep sobs. &#8216;No, no, no, no, no...&#8217;
Adrian only said one word: &#8216;Yes&#8217; and as he lit the blow torch and held it against the branding iron &#8211; a solid shape of a star which spanned to around eight inches wide &#8211; I managed to regain some of my fight. The thought of having to live with this huge reminder of this ordeal forever made me feel sick, along with the fact that I knew this would hurt more than anything I had ever felt before in my life.
I was still repeatedly stuck saying the word &#8216;No&#8217; as he finished heating up the huge block of iron. I watched helplessly as it glowed red, and even though it wasn&#8217;t even too near to me at this point, I could feel the heat from it already. Jon had been steadily applying more straps to keep me as still as possible during their next act of utter sadism. He was careful to leave a big enough space free on my back for the brand to fit though. By this point, Jon had indeed succeeded in restraining me so much that the only thing I could move now was my fingers. My hands were clenched so tightly that my nails had dug into the skin on the palms of my hands. I only broke the skin when the huge star, now glowing white was millimetres away from the bare skin on my back. Before the hot iron touched me, my nails had buried themselves deeply into my skin and blood was running down my wrists and arms. I had stopped saying no now, and was wailing through gritted teeth. When the iron finally plunged onto my back, it was so hot it actually felt cold. 
I cannot describe how it felt to hear the sizzle of your own flesh melting. And then the smell. And then the pain. I blacked out seconds after the pain began.
When I came round, the pain was too much that I immediately passed out again after the searing heat overcame me. I kept on like this for a while until one of the times I came round, I realised I wasn&#8217;t in the basement anymore. I was in a bed, with a quilt and a pillow. Oh god it was like Christmas come early. I had never appreciated a warm bed so much. Of course my hands were cuffed in front of me. A long chain was attaching them to the frame of the bed but at least I was comfortable and more importantly, alone and away from the two maniacs who had kidnapped me. Once the novelty of a warm bed wore off though, the intense throbbing pain that was the huge star brand on my back became a real struggle to cope with.&nbsp; Soon I was writing around, desperate for some relief of this incredible torment. 
Along with this serious burn on my back, the rest of my body felt as if it had been in some sort of horrific car crash. I absolutely could not lay on my back, that was completely out of the question. My only other options were my side, or my front. My front had been whipped to shreds, neat lacerations lined my stomach which were now feeling tight and extremely sore. Laying on my side seemed like the only thing I could do, but each side of me had been kicked and stamped on repeatedly. There wasn&#8217;t a part of me that was a normal skin colour now. Every part of me ached deeply, my torn pussy and ass were seeping with blood and to top it all off, I felt filthy. There was still dried come on my back, dried blood and dirt all over me and my burnt back was weeping. Overcome with sadness, I lay in this strange bed and wondered if I would come out of this alive. Even if I did come out alive, how could I lead the rest of my life knowing that this happened to me?
The door creaked open, and I weakly lifted me head to see who It was. Jon crept towards me and placed a cup of water near my hands. I reached for it and attempted to sit up so I could drink. The agony of trying to sit up was enough to make me pass out as I silently screamed out. Jon saw the problem and helped me up enough so I could drink the water. I dropped back down and curled up tightly on my side to protect myself from him. He only sat on the bed with his back to me.
&#8216;How does it feel then?&#8217; He dared to ask. What did he mean? How did it feel to be kidnapped, raped and put through hell? Well Jon it felt just fucking amazing! I mean I really enjoyed it!... &#8216;Fuck you&#8217; I whispered. Jon sighed and shook his head. &#8216;You&#8217;re a real silly bitch Liz.&#8217; I shut my eyes. I didn&#8217;t want to hear his voice. &#8216;I mean you should know what we are capable of by now, so don&#8217;t be so fucking stupid and insult me, or it&#8217;ll only be worse.&#8217; I was really angry now. I wouldn&#8217;t let this defeat me, I needed to have some ounce of control. &#8216;Are you two gonna kill me?&#8217; I asked. &#8216;I asked you a question.&#8217; So I answer his first question reluctantly. &#8216;It fucking hurts, it really fucking hurts and I can&#8217;t handle it, please can you just let me go home now, I really wanna go home!&#8217; More tears. My eyes were so sore from crying at this point. &#8216;There is too much fun to be had with you to let you go yet darling&#8217; His words cut into me. &#8216;Turn on to your front so I can sort your back out.&#8217; I did as asked.
He cleaned it with antiseptic and told me how good it looked. He then walked out of the room and left me along again. I gulped down the last of the water and lay back down. Every time I moved, the chains clinked against the bed, or some part of my body hurt. I decided to try and not move because each movement was a painful reminder of my sorry situation. After five minutes I began to feel a little strange. The old fashioned flowery wallpaper was moving slightly and at first I thought I had finally lost it. When the room started to spin around me, I became disorientated and confused, not to mention scared! Suddenly Jon was back in the room standing over me. I tried to speak but the words didn&#8217;t come out right. I slurred each word then couldn&#8217;t remember what I had tried to say. When I tried to get up I couldn&#8217;t move at all, and I saw Jon undoing my handcuffs. By this time I vaguely wondered if that water was drugged.
He lifted me off the bed, and I was limp and floppy as he carried me into the bathroom and into a bath full of cold water. The sharp cold hit me like knives&nbsp; through all my accumulated wounds, I was screaming, Jon was slapping my face, I couldn&#8217;t respond. He watched uncaringly as my eyes rolled back into my head.
For the next twelve hours, they kept me in this drugged state. I only remember bits and pieces. Mostly of being in that bed, or in the cold bath.
I woke up at some point in that same bed. Both Adrian and Jon were there. They handcuffed my hands behind my back. Now I had had some rest, I realised that it was probably time for them to have some more fun with me. &#8216;Get up now!&#8217; Adrian shouted. Still groggy from the drugs, and still aching from my ordeal, it took a few seconds for me to realise what Adrian had said. He slapped my face and repeated himself, so I unsteadily swung my feet out of the bed and was marched into the hall way and then down the stairs. As we approached the little door leading to the basement of their house, I began to regain some of my strength and I backed up, resisting them. To my surprise and relief though, I was pushed on and past the door where I had endured such terrible acts. A brief thought entered my head &#8211; were they letting me go? I was clutching at straws though, and as I was marched through the house and towards the back door, I tried not to get my hopes up on this one. 
Before Adrian opened the door, he put a bag over my head and tied it around my neck &#8211; as always a little too tight for it to be comfortable. I was deeply worried about not being able to see. &#8216;Where are we going? Please take this off me, I don&#8217;t like it... please?&#8217; I could hear my own pathetic pleas, which were being completely ignored as I was met with silence from both of them. The door was opened, which I knew from when I was taken, led to their garage. The outside air was absolutely freezing on my naked body. I yelped as I was half&nbsp; lifted and half shoved into something.... it smelt different, like a big box? A van? Oh shit they are taking me somewhere else! &#8216;No! No, you can&#8217;t take me away from here, please let me go home now I will do anything! PLEASE!!!&#8217; The bag over my head was lifted slightly as a strip of tape sealed my mouth shut. I heard the van doors shut me in. One of them was with me, but I didn&#8217;t know which. A couple of minutes later the engine started and the van was on the move to god knows where. I couldn&#8217;t accept that my future was now looking bleaker by the minute, but I knew I probably should. 
Ten minutes into the journey and the bag was taken from my head. I saw Adrian sat next to me in the van. It had been stripped bare and was quite dark due to lack of windows. It was quite large, large enough for me to stand in, and that is exactly what I was ordered to do next.&nbsp; &#8216;You have had enough rest to recover, you can stand up for the rest of the trip.... and it&#8217;s gonna be a while!&#8217; I didn&#8217;t really hesitate, the last thing I wanted right now was more pain. So I stood up and proceeded to lean on one of the sides... &#8216;Ah ahh, no you don&#8217;t... stand in the middle&#8217; Adrian smirked. He wanted to watch me struggle to stay on my feet as the van drove around corners. I reluctantly moved into the middle, and as Jon could hear Adrian&#8217;s idea of a pass time for the drive, he swerved the van sharply on purpose, throwing me hard in to one of the side panels. Adrian pointed towards the middle again, and I returned to the middle part. My hands were still cuffed behind my back so offered no help in balancing me. Jon was still playing and he braked sharply before accelerating quickly again. This time I was thrown forward towards the front, but due to him accelerating, before I hit the panel I was thrown all the way to the back, falling over onto the huge brand on my back. I growled in pain while both Adrian and Jon laughed heartedly.
This continued for a while before Adrian decided to up the pace a little. He produced a length of rope from his bag and I watched him skilfully creating a noose. He placed it around my neck and attached the trailing end to the roof of the van, pulling in the slack and tightening the noose, I was now in danger of killing myself if I didn&#8217;t keep steady. Luckily Jon didn&#8217;t swerve or break, but he didn&#8217;t take the corners gently. The first one threw me to the right, instantly choking me as I struggled to stay on my feet. When the van went round a sharp hair pin bend, I couldn&#8217;t stay on my feet and lost my balance, the rope around my neck tightened sharply and I thought my neck would break before I managed to get back on my feet. Gasping for air, Adrian watching in amusement as I stumbled around and continually choked myself with every corner. The monster he was watched me like this for two hours, until I was exhausted, my neck bleeding, bruised and covered in rope burns.
He eventually let me down and I collapsed into the corner furthest away from him. He let me be until I fell asleep on the hard floor. 
I woke up straight away when I felt a hand entwine itself into my hair. Jolted fully awake, I was dragged sharply out of the vans door and I scrambled to my feet. We were in a garage. It was dark outside, and I could hear loud music, and more worryingly, the sounds of a raving party in full swing behind the door I was being led right up to. I tensed up before the door was open, and I was right to be worried. As Jon opened the door, he was met by a huge thirty something man who&#8217;s eyes fell on me straight away. He greeted Jon and Adrian, never taking his eyes off me. &#8216;This is Liz? What happened to the last one? She was great fun!&#8217; He grinned. They had done this before?! What did happen to the last girl? Did they kill her? I was so agitated now, my fear had doubled and my eyes were wide. I began to completely resist their attempts to guide me through the door and into this strange house. My efforts were completely ignored as my head was forced backwards by my hair and I had to walk on my tip toes into the room to try and alleviate the pull on my scalp. The music filled me, and as the grip on my hair was released, I looked around me for the first time.
Men. Lots of them. My first estimate would be seven or eight of them. Seven was correct. Some were sat, some were stood. They all stopped what they were doing&nbsp; upon my arrival and stared at my naked battered body. One of them turned to Jon: &#8216;Is there any of her left?! She looks a mess mate.&#8217; Jon was quick to pass the book, &#8216;Don&#8217;t look at me! I&#8217;m not the one with the temper!&#8217; Adrian laughed as he then told everyone in the room how I had pissed all over his hand and then got what I deserved. My face was deep red with the humiliation. Not only was I stood completely naked in front of seven strange men &#8211; not including Adrian and Jon &#8211; but now they all knew I had pissed myself! 
Neither Jon or Adrian were holding on to me. I wondered what the chances were of me making a run for it. But I had no idea which direction I would run to, and there were so many people around I wouldn&#8217;t make it very far at all, and then I would be made to regret it. I stayed where I was, my sore eyes producing more tears. The room I was stood in was quite large and modern, the music had been turned down as they continued to discuss me. &#8216;I&#8217;ve had one hand in her cunt, but left her ass for you lot if you want it.&#8217; Adrian offered. I was struggling to take this all in. &#8216;I&#8217;ll set her up in here shall I? The usual place?&#8217; The host who greeted us as the door nodded his head. I was led over to what appeared to be a solid wooden pole protruding from the floor in the middle of the living room. It was about four inches in diameter, and Jon made sure I was hovering over it. The end of it just brushed my pussy lips, and Jon knelt down to adjust it, I couldn&#8217;t stop myself&nbsp; and I stepped away, turned.... Unfamiliar arms caught me before I could move away any further. I was continually attempting to say no, but the tape still held my lips shut. Jon was turning the wooden pole clockwise, making it get higher and higher &#8211; a little like those chairs you get in photo booths. As the pole entered my pussy, he carried on screwing it in. Further and further up until the pressure of it on my cervix forced me to stand on my toes. Jon still carried on pushing it up into me till I was screaming. Again. 
One of the men told me to look up. A strange request really, but I did as he asked. All I could see was the ceiling. &#8216;Look further up&#8217; He said. I had to bend my neck to a ninety degree angle backwards to see another pole coming from the ceiling, a little thinner in diameter than the one impaling my pussy on it. The penny on this one didn&#8217;t drop till I tried to bring my head forward again. One man grabbed my hair and kept my head snapped painfully backwards. As the pole coming from the ceiling was twisted,&nbsp; I realised it was aiming straight towards my face. The tape was ripped from my lips, and in this position I had no choice but to open my mouth as the wooden pole was pushed into it, first pushing onto my tongue, then travelling further down my throat until I began to cough around it. It wasn&#8217;t cutting off my air, but it was right at the back of my throat. I couldn&#8217;t move my head anywhere now as I stood on my tip toes, making a strange gargling noise as I tried to protest.&nbsp; Now that I had been there around thirty seconds, the strain of the position was already taking its toll, mostly on my feet, neck and mouth, which was forced wide open and unable to shut due to this impalement. 
&#8216;Ahhhg, Ahhhg...&#8217; I kept saying, over and over. It was just about the only noise I could make. The only thing I could see now was the plane white painted ceiling. I was shaking by now, terrified of how I would be treated. Judging by the fact that these people were obviously Adrian and Jon&#8217;s friends, I knew I wasn&#8217;t going to be treated in a good way. The atmosphere in the room began to be an excited buzz of anticipation. The smell of alcohol along with cigarettes was all around me. Incidentally I had not had a cigarette since Jon and Adrian had woke me up, and now I was severely craving one. I wouldn&#8217;t have said no to the offer of alcohol either. What I did receive, was some very strange tasting water. It was poured around the sides of the pole and I was helpless to stop it trickle down my throat. If I didn&#8217;t swallow it I would have choked. Of course I still choked, I had no way of swallowing properly and couldn&#8217;t control the flow as someone else was doing the pouring. Spluttering some out, it felt like they were trying to feed me a pint of it! When the man finally stopped, he went away and returned with even more of the foul tasting stuff. I tried to sound off about it but he only increased the amount he poured into my mouth and I had no choice but to swallow it down. When he came back a third time I was struggling so much that the inside of my pussy and throat were being battered by the wooden poles.
While I stood on my toes and rendered almost completely and expertly immobile by just two wooden poles and a pair of handcuffs, Jon and Adrian told more stories of their fun they had had so far with me. The one with the air enema and gas mask got good results from the group, some of them fell about laughing and didn&#8217;t stop for ages.&nbsp; Suddenly one voice I didn&#8217;t recognise attempted to quiet the lot of them. &#8216;Ok ok, let&#8217;s do this. You all know the rules&#8217; I was listening quietly, intent on getting a clue of what lay in store for me. The voice continued. &#8216;Names in the hat, you all have ten minutes each to do what you want with her &#8211; except you can&#8217;t come. No coming till later, and don&#8217;t worry, she&#8217;ll still be awake and fighting because she&#8217;s just been force fed a gram of amphetamines mixed with water!&#8217; Upon hearing this I was utterly horrified, my attempts at screams were heightened with added urgency as I realised I had drugs in my system, and then there was the fact that for the next two hours I would have to endure their unthinkable sadism. If Adrian and Jon were playing this game that would add up to ninety minutes of torment for me. My panic seemed to rise above a normal level, and I realised that was probably the speed kicking in. I had never tried it before and hadn&#8217;t planned to. I had never been too bothered about drugs, I always felt I didn&#8217;t have the right frame of mind to be taking things that made me feel different. I had once tried cannabis and I either had too much, or it didn&#8217;t like me, because all I felt was an extreme paranoia which overcame me and took hours to shake off. This experience had put me off dabbling in drugs for good. For now though there was absolutely nothing I could do. What I didn&#8217;t know here was that a gram of speed was a lot for a regular amphetamine user to take in one go, let alone someone who has never tried it. I was already in a gross state of anxiety, and knowing these drugs can heighten any emotional state - I knew I was seriously in for it.
As the game was officially declared open, I listened to the rustling sounds of paper as one guys hand plunged into a bowl full of folded up names.&nbsp; It felt like an age before the name was read out, during which I could also hear the sounds of my breath. It resembled that of a panting dog as it was quick and my tongue was pushed out slightly by the wooden pole. My teeth were dug in to the wood too. I couldn&#8217;t see that there were teeth marks there already, made by the previous occupants of the poles impaled into me from above and below.
&#8216;Gaz!&#8217; A name was finally shouted, followed by the loud jeer of the rest. Bottles chinked together as a man apparently named &#8216;Gaz&#8217; got up to approach me. The others reminded him he would be timed, and they sat on sofas drinking their beers, watching the show.
I could almost hear my heartbeat now, banging so hard in my chest. I wished I was anywhere but here. My panting continued erratically as his hands touched me for the first time. He squeezed my breasts as hard as he could causing me agonising pain. This was nothing compared to what I was destined to endure. Gaz produced a staple gun, holding it up in the air and in front of my eyes so I could see his plans. His arousal was obviously heightened with the knowledge that I knew what was about to happen to me and could do absolutely not a thing to stop him. He pressed it into the side of my breast and squeezed the handle closed, shooting a twenty millimetre industrial staple into the side of my tit. I yelped and squirmed but he was already moving to the next spot. He was making a steady staple trail from the base of my breast near my armpit, quickly closing in towards my sensitive nipples. The staples seemed to penetrate my skin effortlessly and my yelps were falling on deaf ears. After some of my previous tortures, this seemed more manageable, and it was a small victory inside my head. As if reading my mind, Gaz upped his efforts to cause me more pain. The first shock came when he positioned the staple gun right over one nipple, so that one side of the sharpened staples would pierce directly into my milk duct. As it shot in I was screaming with everything I had. These guys didn&#8217;t seem too worried about the noise I was making. Gaz went for it again, only moving the outer edge of the staple round a little, and soon I had two staples directly embedded into the tip of my nipple. My legs were now shaking from the strain of standing on my toes for so long, it was impossible to get any lower because the pole was so far up me I feared it would perforate into my womb. As Gaz carried on with his goal of filling my nipple with as many staples as he could, I was starting to feel the effects of the amphetamines more and more.
As every staple was driven into me, the waves of sharp pain felt like they were rippling outwards around the source of the pain, as if a stone had been thrown into a pond &#8211; only more painful. My head had started to tingle and I could feel my heart beating rapidly now. My eyes were also darting from side to side, along with the stab of each staple being driven into me, I expected any second to be hit, stabbed or worse. I was so panicked now that my breathing began to get out of control and I felt sick. This would be the worst possible time to be sick because I would almost certainly choke on my own vomit and die. Actually if I did that and died, then all this pain would stop! I thought to myself with amazing clarity, before realising I wasn&#8217;t acting normally. What was normal anymore?
Gaz had now made a pretty fan shape with his stapling talents. The centre of the fan was my nipple, now covered in blood and throbbing so much I wondered if it would explode. By now I was struggling and making a constant noise which I couldn&#8217;t stop for fear of the pain being worse if I was quiet &#8211; l knew that the effects of the speed had taken hold now, paranoia was surging. Although it felt like an hour to me, Gaz had only been working on me for five minutes and so he did the same to my other nipple before his time was up and another name was pulled out and read out loud to the now drunken gang of evil lunatics. 
Darren was up next. His intentions were made immediately clear that he wanted to hurt me more than the rest could. He held up his hand above my face so I could see what his hand contained. It was a small flick knife, which he then extended to reveal its sharp long thin blade. He went on to spit on the blade itself and moved behind me. I tensed up, but couldn&#8217;t seem to hold myself tensed as I lost more control over my body. &#8216;Aaaarrreeegh!&#8217; I managed as I felt the cold wet blade slide easily between my ass cheeks. Darren used his fingers to part my cheeks as far as he could given my legs were closed, but it was enough for him to be able to insert the blade all the way into my ass including some of the handle too. He let my cheeks close around it, but spoke to me before releasing it from his grasp. &#8216;If you let that knife fall out, I&#8217;m gonna use a nail gun to drive these ten inch nails into your tits. As soon as he let the knife go with his hand it began to slide out of me. I had no idea if it was cutting me, I tried to clench my muscles, but I couldn&#8217;t clench enough to stop it from sliding. Maybe it was the drugs, or even the huge wooden pole up my pussy, or both, but as it fell clear out of my ass within seconds. My ears rang with laughter and joy from my captors.
&#8216;eeagh goooh ahhhhgh!&#8217; Which was me saying &#8216;please stop this!&#8217; The group were now quite loud in their jeering and I was virtually unheard as the huge nail gun was pressed to the side of my breast. I heard the nail go off, but it took a few seconds to feel the white hot pain that seared through my breast. I now felt I had the strength of ten men as my struggling attempts grew more violent. Not caring now if I ripped the insides of my pussy and my throat, I couldn&#8217;t stand anymore! I had to though. The drugs were keeping me from passing out and I seemed to be able to feel everything amplified by a thousand. Oddly now though, I didn&#8217;t seem to be able to cry. The nail had passed in to one side of my breast, and out of the other. He quickly shot another in my left breast, not giving me enough time to feel it before aiming yet another agonising shot, straight down from the top of my breast through to the bottom. Repeating it on my other tit, I was now criss-crossed with nails. The staples were left untouched for now.
My groans were now low moans of pure suffering. I was too engulfed in my own grief to realise I was now on the receiving end of someone else&#8217;s wretchedness. All I could see was the ceiling as I ground my teeth further into the wooden pole, still keeping my neck stretched painfully backwards. Sweat was pouring off me now and my mouth was so dry my tongue was stuck to the pole. My legs were still shaking and I began to take my weight off one leg to give it some relief before swapping to the other. This gave them an idea.
The nail gun had already had its turn, so whoever was having their ten minutes with me now was holding onto some smaller nails and a hammer. He dropped himself to his knees and pressed my pussy lips onto the pole. He held the point of the nail on the outside and hit it twice, hammering the nail and my pussy lip to the wooden pole. At this point, my screams had become silent. There wasn&#8217;t a noise I could make to fully portray the distress I felt.&nbsp; The evil bastard used three nails on each lip, pinning my lips around the huge intrusion. Constant screaming on my part only seemed to egg them on, and the guy knelt at my feet twisted the impaling post, pulling my nailed pussy lips around with it. He kept on twisting from side to side before one final sharp twist rendered me unconscious.
When I woke up there were a few arms which had been steadying me. The post had somehow been lowered without being screwed so that I was now able to stand on my feet instead of my tiptoes, but the nails remained in my pussy lips. This slight adjustment of the pussy post (which they were now calling it) caused them to have to lengthen the pole which was lodged in my throat.
The steadying hands left me when it was thought I was able to hold my own weight again. The next hour was a complete blur of pure suffering. No staple or nail was removed, only added to. Some of the men etched obscenities onto my skin on various parts of my body, one stubbed out his cigarette in my asshole, leaving the butt hanging out. The torture seemed endless, and what made it unbearable was that fact that the drugs kept me from feeling exhausted. I was wide awake and fighting and struggling with each new affliction.&nbsp; 
Sticky with sweat and blood, my voice was now none existent as I had been screaming constantly for the past ninety minutes or so. A joke was made that I lasted as long as a football match... &#8216;She got no half time though&#8217; One slurred. &#8216;Hey Darren did you bring that stun gun?&#8217; My ears pricked up and I hoped to god I had misheard. &#8216;Good plan my man&#8217; I heard Jon say. An extremely loud cracking noise made me jump out of my skin. The sound of a 950,000v taser was not a positive sound when parts of me had been skewered with nails and pieced with staples, all metal. 
&#8216;No&#8217; I whispered. The prongs touched my stapled nipples and I jolted aggressively around as the current was conducted directly into the soft tissues of my nipples. My involuntary movements lasted seconds after the taser shut off. This caused the upmost pain in my pussy lips, as I could not avoid tugging myself around the pole. I also felt overwhelmingly confused after each hit with the electricity. There were more than ten long nails skewering through my breasts at this point. Pain was seemingly engulfing me intensely now as the taser was held on long enough for me to fall deeply unconscious again. 
Usually after passing out, I would come round no more than a minute later. When they realised I wasn&#8217;t coming to, they pulled out the nails in my pussy lips, pulled the poles out of me and laid my limp body on to the wooden floor. One of the men was even kind enough to remove my handcuffs &#8211; I had been wearing them now for approximately eight hours. My wrists were a mess. Bloodied and swollen, not really any different from the rest of me.
After ten minutes of being out cold, my eyes finally decided to attempt to open. The drugs kicked in again straight away as a new surge of energy rose up from within me. Had I been in a normal frame of mind, I may have thought this through more. Taking into account that my tits were a mangled mess of nails and staples, plus everything else. For one thing, I had absolutely no where to run or hide. I scrambled wildly to get away from these mad men. My arms flailing around, blood pouring out of my tits and onto the floor, it was a blur of pain and adrenaline but it was soon put to an abrupt end when I was firmly held onto the hard floor.
My eyes were wild and full of anguish, each limb was now pinned down and again I seemed to be stuck on saying the word &#8216;No&#8217; over and over and over until one of the men placed his hand around my mouth claiming I was getting annoying. &#8216;Why do you always have to give them that shit Dean?&#8217; Dean was the man who had met us earlier that evening as we entered his house via the garage. Dean shrugged and grinned boyishly making some of the others fall about drunkenly giggling. The one with his hand over my mouth looked what I can only describe as slightly sympathetic towards me. I couldn&#8217;t forget though that it was him who had earlier engraved the word &#8216;WHORE&#8217; in huge letters down my leg with a knife. He spoke to me gently now and I listened intently to him. &#8216;Is there anything I can do to help? You&#8217;re not going to get out of here, and we aint done yet either so don&#8217;t bother wasting your breath with shit like that.&#8217; He let his hand off my mouth as I whispered one word: &#8216;Cigarette&#8217;
Some of them protested to this, saying I was a dirty fucking slut who didn&#8217;t deserve anything but being fucked and wasted. &#8216;What had I done in my life to deserve this?&#8217; I thought desperately. My life had been pretty normal up until Jon and Adrian had plucked me from it and brought me into this horrific state of affairs. Ok granted I didn&#8217;t have a job, money was tight, but I viewed myself as being kind and tried to enjoy what I did have in life... which was my family, friends and my beloved dog. They must be looking for me right now, they had to be. I tried to forget I had argued with my mum the day before I was taken and told her I wanted to run away from this town and find a job. What I didn&#8217;t know at this point was that on the night I was dragged out of my kitchen and into that little out-house of theirs, while Adrian was stretching my pussy with his hand, Jon had gone into my house and packed a bag of my belongings. He had also taken my mobile phone, and when morning came he had sent a text to my mum saying I was feeling a little down and had gone away for a while, adding that they shouldn&#8217;t look for me as I needed to be alone. He had then switched the phone off believing he had bought them some time to do what they wanted to me before bringing me here, three hundred miles away from home.
My mum would surely have known that this wasn&#8217;t at all like me and that I would never just leave. I would have at least rang to tell her I am ok! On the other hand, the police would see it just as Jon and Adrian knew they would. As I was now, I believed that people would be looking for me. I had to believe this because I had nothing else to hang onto! 
A lit cigarette was pushed into my lips and I inhaled deeply. This one small act of kindness gave me an ounce of hope that they may let me live when they finish with me. They let me smoke it all and I was actually grateful to them for the first time. I knew it was an odd appreciation, but it was enough to calm me down. I wanted this cigarette to last forever. It did not. There was some discussion over whether the nails and staples should be taken out now. After agreeing they should be removed, I braced myself as they were pulled out one by one. My voice was gone, so the screams and cries were all silent, my tits were two bloody and bruised pulps and I now had to accept what I knew I had coming next.
There were nine of them in total. They all had the same intentions in the end, and they were not going to stop fucking me until every cock in that room had shot its load either on me or inside me. I prayed what followed would be quick and painless. If there was a god, he wasn&#8217;t listening to me right now.











My hands were tied with a simple knot together behind my back and I heard the first of many zips being undone. The sweaty male was soon on top of me and forcing himself inside my battered and bruised pussy. I had no voice left now and my protests couldn&#8217;t be heard above the noise in the room. My efforts were soon squashed though when another cock was stuffed into my mouth and I was basically spit roasted while groping hands mauled every part of my body. As soon as one cock had finished, the next would replace it, by this time my eyes were shut and I was starting to shut off. Shutting off is virtually impossible when being fucked from all angles. No care was taken to avoid my wounds, one man even slapped my brand because he wanted me to fight more. I was being dragged from one part of the room to another, at some point there was a cock in my ass, one in my pussy and one in my mouth &#8211; god knows how they were doing this, I was being manoeuvred&nbsp; and stretched into every position they could think of, and they were definitely not being gentle about it either. Each thrust was so hard I was jerking this way and that, the ones fucking my throat were choking me until I was retching and heaving. They couldn&#8217;t have cared less if I had thrown up, in fact I wondered if they were actually trying to achieve this. 
While fingers probed inside my pussy, my ass was being fucked, I attempted to curl up as small as I could, my brain was struggling to comprehend this rape and I was appearing to be on autopilot. Some violent slaps to my face forced me to cry out and fight them and I was suddenly picked up and thrown towards a large male with a cock the size of a horse. I was sprawled across the man and he held me there on top of his sweaty naked body, his breath stinking of beer, his eyes full of hate.
&#8216;Ride me.&#8217; He ordered. They had fucked me, now they wanted me to fuck them.... no fucking way. An extremely sharp jolting pain emanated from my side as I jerked around on top of the man. He had the stun gun pressed into me as he repeated his order. My legs were shaking as I climbed on top of his huge shaft and slid my gaping pussy down it as far as I could. It was so big I couldn&#8217;t get it all the way in but he soon helped me by grabbing my shoulders and pushing me all the way down onto it causing me to scrabble around. He was bucking his hips so quick I was bouncing all over the place, my boobs hitting my chin on every thrust.
There was no such thing as a clock to me now. There was no point in thinking of time, because I could see no end in this torture. I no longer even tried to scream, only let my silent tears fall around me. I concentrated on where they landed to take my mind away from this horrific ordeal I was being subjected to. One rather large tear fell onto my bouncing breast and splashed onto the man&#8217;s face. He didn&#8217;t even notice. The next tear fell directly onto his chest and stayed there in its salty tear form. I watched it as it tried to find an exit so it could roll down his side and land on the floor. After that I was quite disappointed that I had stopped crying.
I don&#8217;t know when it all stopped, but all of a sudden I came to realise that no one was touching me, not one was fucking me. I was weakly laying in a heap on the wooden flooring, spunk and blood covered nearly every inch of me as I lay almost lifeless on the floor. My breathing was still rapid, but I didn&#8217;t try to move. I was too exhausted. I watched with wide eyes the men as some of them pulled back on their jeans while others sat with their flaccid penis&#8217;s hanging out.
As one of them approached me I felt the fear return. If there was one thing in this world I wanted right now it was to be just left the hell alone. I felt at that moment that if one more person touched any part of me I would die. Of course I didn&#8217;t get to die.
I was carried up some steps. My legs were weak, my hands still bound behind my back. This house seemed to have more than just two floors because it took a long time to ascend. The house was modern, with plane white walls everywhere and no decorative items to look at. It looked almost clinical. All the doors were wooden and engraved and I noticed each one was different as I was carried by them. The man carrying me was silent and so was his accomplice. My mouth was so dry I could barely swallow and in a horse whisper I asked if I could have some water. My request was ignored and we finally came to a metal door which I was carried through. The room was large and the smell was over powering. It smelt old and dirty. In the middle of the room was a strange looking table. It had four legs, but the surface wasn&#8217;t solid, it looked like a large steel panel from a dog cage. The legs also made it about 4ft high. I was placed on top of it and I struggled a little while they untied my hands and laid me on my back. The bottom panel I was laid on had a large square area that was not&nbsp; criss-crossed with steel. Of course my ass was positioned over this part for easy access for them later. It wasn&#8217;t very comfortable as my skin poked through the bottom and I knew it would only get worse. It always did. 
The men worked quickly on me, tying my wrists down next to my head and my ankles wide apart. &#8216;I want to go home&#8217; I whispered. The man only looked at me and shrugged. &#8216;Please can I just have some water?&#8217; He ignored me again and carried on with the task. He walked over to the tiled wall and pulled a lever. It was at that point I first looked up to see the top half of the large dog cage panel lowering itself on to me. As it got closer I wondered how much they were lowering it because soon I wouldn&#8217;t have room to move at all! As it got an inch next to my nose I snapped my head to the side as I felt the metal cage touch my tits first, then everywhere else. The ropes lowering it down were now slackened as the cage rested on the top of my body. One of the men held it firmly down on me while the other found the tools he needed. 
He came back with a handful of metal tie wraps and a drill which made me squirm around with nerves. Each corner of the top of the cage was fastened to the other. I was sandwiched in-between the two cage panels now, almost to the point of being completely crushed as he kept on tightening it, making sure both my nipples were stuck out between the steel mesh. Every part of me was now rendered immobile. The cage crushed my face to one side, my stomach, my legs, everything. My tits were the most crushed though and deep breaths were becoming hard to take. I Had started to sniff and sob while they both added more of the steel ties, the noise of the drill was only adding to my torment. By the time they had finished crushing me between the two cage panels I was terrified. I could only move my fingers and toes. My feet too were crushed to the sides pointing directly away from each other. When the sounds of the drilling subsided, my constant low moans were filling the room.
My naked body was now severely crushed between the two cage panels, with every breath I took my discomfort grew worse. &#8216;Ooow, ow, owww!&#8217; I wailed, but the men continued pottering around me. One paused to push his finger to his lips signalling that he advised me to shut up. I could do nothing but lay completely still while they worked. They were removing the legs that held the bottom cage panel up, so I was now suspended completely in mid-air, swinging gently with every slight movement I tried to make. One of the men left the room and returned with a glass of water with a straw to let me drink. I drank the lot and still wanted more. He seemed to read my mind and returned again with more water. It was after I had drank the pint and half of water that I realised I hadn&#8217;t urinated all night and my bladder was telling me I needed to go. &#8216;I need to pee&#8217; The response was odd: &#8216;Hold it.&#8217; I had a while to go till I was desperate anyway.
I was squirming constantly now, trying to find any form of comfort I could but it was no use, I was pressed in too tightly and my skin was now an array of square bumps in the shape of the cage. When they lowered it to the floor and stood me up vertically the discomfort immediately turned to pain as I felt my skin stretch, the cage holding on to it. I was growling, but trying not to cause too much of a fuss. One of the men was holding the cage propped up while the other got in-between made use of the hole to access between my legs. He only had to touch my pussy and I was attempting screaming, my voice was long gone now. He parted my swollen and bloodied lips and pulled the hood of my clitoris back. The agony of such a normal act was excruciating. When I felt a sharp prick I realised they were shoving some kind of tube inside my uthrea. &#8216;No! No, what are you doing?&#8217; I said as I felt the most intense urge to piss... but I couldn&#8217;t. They had fastened a tap to the end of the tube and it was closed. The feeling soon passed but I was now worried.
The cage was brought back horizontally and I was lifted high off the floor once again, which provided some relief to my skin at least. My neck was aching from being stuck in the 90 degree position and I could still feel the tube protruding from my bladder.
The two men left for a while and I was alone. Too many thoughts can arise from being left alone with one view of a plane tiled wall. My mind was absolutely racing with mostly thoughts of terror. I didn&#8217;t want to die, but the possibility of that looked quite high. Dean suddenly burst through the door making me jump. He didn&#8217;t look at my terrorized face, just walked towards my feet. I then recognised Gaz and then Darren enter, along with the two men who put me in here. While the door was still open I could hear the sounds of the continuing party going on downstairs. For just a second I closed my eyes and imagined that I was at some party, just upstairs and having a good time. The door slammed shut, and now all I heard were the deep breaths they were taking at the anticipation of torturing an already tortured young girl. 
I couldn&#8217;t see, but Dean was clipping some wires onto the cage panels which were connected to a plastic covered box he was holding. It had many switches and dials on it and it was to be something that I would live to despise in the coming hours. Gaz then came at me with more water. I told him I wasn&#8217;t thirsty now but he pushed the straw to my lips anyway and told me to drink. I sucked on it a little before stopping, and when I did stop I felt the most enormous pain in every part of my body. My muscles all tensed up and I bit the straw with my teeth, the volts passed into me causing violent screams to emit from my mouth. 
&#8216;Drink all of it&#8217; I didn&#8217;t hesitate. There was no way I would be provoking another shock! When I had finished the pint of water Gaz went to get another, and again I was forced to drink it all at the threat of being electrocuted. I was beginning to feel bloated now with the water, and I was worried about that fact I couldn&#8217;t pee if I wanted to. Maybe that was the point? And as soon as I thought that I knew it was. In the past few days I had come to know what dread was, and each time it crept upon me it was no easier to cope with.&nbsp; More tears welled up in my eyes as I finished the 2nd pint and a third was brought in to me. &#8216;Please I don&#8217;t want any more, I already need to piss now, please don&#8217;t make meaaAAARGGGGHHH&#8217; More electricity was cruelly conducted into my body via the steel coated copper cage I was crushed in. When it stopped I quickly swallowed the water until it was all gone. Thank god they didn&#8217;t bring anymore. I could feel my bladder filling by the second, and my bloated belly was pressing more against the cage now than it was. 
Dean unclipped the wires and took them out of the room, returning with a hose pipe. &#8216;Bath time!&#8217; He explained. The hose was attached to a tap in the wall and turned on at full force. The others stood back while the freezing cold jet hit my body, spraying me all over and occasionally stopping to rub my exposed bumps of skin which were protruding out of the cage. The strong force of the water felt like knives stabbing me and opening my many wounds I had incurred. The hardest part was when he was spraying my face. He reached inside the cage to hold my nose forcing me to open my mouth as the water hit my tounge. I couldn&#8217;t breath and was struggling like a mad woman. I was mad. Why was this happening?!
After an age it finally stopped and Adrian walked into the room to check on my progress. &#8216;How ya getting on kid?&#8217; My only reply was deep open sobs. He only grinned and said: &#8216;Lovely. I brought something from home I thought you might like.&#8217; My eyes widened immediately. Adrian watched them carefully, knowing exactly how I would react. He showed me the same device that he and Jon had used at their house. The long tube and inflatable balloon that had been lodged inside my ass, keeping me from releasing first the air that had been pumped inside me, and then the cold water. I remembered it well and I certainly did not want to be reacquainted with it! I was dripping wet and unable to do a thing about my situation. By now my mind had virtually shut off any thoughts of getting out of here. I didn&#8217;t accept it of course, but I knew now that if they wanted to do something, they would do it, and there was no point in trying to reason with them. I still tried to keep this in mind when the now familiar tube was pushed inside my ass. I felt them insert the toughened balloon that I knew would be made agonizingly large within the next few minutes. It was. It was much worse this time. My bladder was getting fuller and every slight movement reminded me how much I needed to pee right now.
After the balloon had yet again been pumped up to the size of a large tennis ball, I had stopped fighting and moaning and let them get on with it. They were going to kill me I knew it. Before they could put anything inside my bowels they discussed that I should be flipped over onto my front. I didn&#8217;t like the idea because I knew that gravity would cause my tits to become more crushed, not to mention my stomach and bladder. They flipped me over though and I was soon facing the floor. My need to pee was now progressing from being uncomfortable to being painful. I shut my eyes tight letting more tears fall away from my eyes.
&#8216;Oooh, I&#8217;ll just go get that bottle of tobacco sauce before you&nbsp; put water in her. We can mix it up.&#8217; I heard one say. &#8216;Good idea mate.&#8217; 
As the whole bottle of tobacco sauce was emptied down the tube I laid perfectly still and sobbing openly. I had stopped protesting and begging, it did no good. The thick sauce had blocked the tube up, but the hose was now connected up to me and the flow of water soon moved the stuff right inside me along with freezing cold water. The tap was left on as they watched in silence. It didn&#8217;t take long for the agony to start, and when it did, it really did. There are no words to explain how bad it was. I couldn&#8217;t move a muscle and with the Tabasco mixed water filling me up as I was crushed, I could not stop the screams as they raged out of me. My stomach was swelling to large proportions and was soon having an even bigger effect on my breathing while sandwiched between the cage. They turned the tap off when they saw me struggling to breathe. The hose was disconnected and the tube hanging out of me plugged. The water inside me was going nowhere.
My ears were ringing with pain. I needed to pee so bad I thought I would explode. When Dean once again connected the wires to the cage, I thought that this was it. He clipped the little box with the dials on it to the top of the cage and fiddled with the settings. 
&#8216;Right, you listening?&#8217; I grunted my reply through waves of agony. &#8216;We&#8217;re gonna leave you like this now. I don&#8217;t know how long you will last but I am pretty sure it may take some days for you to die&#8217; I couldn&#8217;t believe what I was hearing. This was it? This was how I am going to die? &#8216;NOAAAARRRRRRRGGGGGGHHHHHH!!!&#8217; The jolt was huge. I was still wet from being hosed down and the electricity was amplified. I felt as if my bladder would explode. &#8216;That&#8217;s another thing I had to tell you. That little box is set up now so that if you make any noise at all, it will give you a nice little shock to keep you quiet.&#8217; Upon hearing this I shut my lips as if that may stop me from making any noise. Unfortunately a little &#8216;Mmm&#8217; slipped out from me and another jolt hit me immediately. &#8216;Not a sound Liz.&#8217; I breathed through my nose as tears fell like a torrent from my eyes. I was devastated. &#8216;If you keep quiet you&#8217;re death will be less painful.&#8217; My nose was blocked with snot now as I tried to let this sink in. I knew this situation was horrific, but I wasn&#8217;t ready to die yet. The men began to filter out of the room. Adrian waved goodbye at me causing my face to crumple in despair. Before Dean left, he grabbed one end of the cage and pulled it towards one end of the room, letting it go I swung fast to the other side, then back. All the water inside me churned around causing the most agonising cramp to tear through me. Another jolt ripped into me as my mind failed to keep me from making a sound.
Dean left as I swung wildly around the room, filled with water and tortured by my own voice. When the door was shut and I was left to myself I began to panic wildly. Trying with all my strength to move anywhere I could, but each movement caused inexplicable pain in my bladder and bowel which were both full to the point of rupture. I was desperately trying to pee but the tap was shut and it had nowhere to go. Every so often I would accidentally make a sound and the volts would be passed into me causing wave after wave of pain as I tried not to scream to no avail.
I must have fallen unconscious because I awoke sharply to another jolt of electricity through me. Obviously there was more fight in me yet. My next tactic was to try and force the ball out of my ass. I tried for 15 minutes. Straining against it with everything I had. At first it felt stuck fast, but when after 15 minutes and many electric shocks I felt it move the slightest bit, I was suddenly gripped with optimism. After another 15 minutes and even more electrical shocks, I felt like I was making progress. The huge inflatable blocking the tobacco sauce water in my bowels was now seconds away from coming out. It hurt like hell, but adrenaline had taken over now and I had a goal. With one huge push, it suddenly came flying out at some force, hitting the catheter tap on its way out and suddenly all the water that had been there some hours was now making its way out of both holes. I was so relieved I actually threw up. I couldn&#8217;t believe I had done it! I lay panting and exhausted from my exertions. Still crushed but not to the extent I was when filled with water. I soon realised the tobacco was burning me like hot pokers, but for once I could deal with that pain, this pain was nothing compared to what I just endured.
Eventually I fell into a deep sleep and didn&#8217;t dare think about what would happen when they found out their plans to kill me this time had failed. It almost certainly meant that what they did next would be much worse. 










Part&nbsp; 4 
Liz swung gently within the confines of the room they put her in. Her breathing tones were filled with fear and relief as tobasco, water, piss and shit all dripped from her crushed body. She was exhausted and uncomfortable, but overcome by the urge to sleep now the drugs were wearing off. Fear was the only thing keeping her from sleeping. The words Dean had said echoed through her: &#8216;It may take some days for you to die&#8217; 
When her droopy eyes closed and refused to open, she finally relented and welcomed sleep. She was going to need it.
Downstairs the men were all tired too. Dean turned the volume down on the television screen showing Liz suspended in mid air and crushed between two cage panels. They were all quite disappointed that she had managed to push that balloon out earlier rather than later. They had all watched the show with throbbing hard on&#8217;s even though they had emptied themselves only hours earlier into the poor girl. They loved watching them like this. The girls thought they were alone and about to die, and you could see the fear in their eyes. Dean and Adrian were amongst a few of them who watched their eyes. For them it was about the eyes. You couldn&#8217;t get that from someone scared. They had to be terrified for their lives, and although they had no concrete plans for the girls future just yet, they had to make her believe they would kill her for now.
They sat chatting together about the night, how much they had enjoyed torturing the girl, and how it had been much better than last time. Of course it was better. They had accidentally killed the last girl. Her name was Sam. One of the guys had found her working the street corner and when she had accepted his invite to a party where some of his mates would be, she accepted &#8211; at a price, completely unaware that it would be the last place she would go to. The party was at Deans like usual. Dean was into some extreme shit when it came to sex. His girlfriends never lasted long when he pushed them too far. He always wanted to hurt them so much. His friends were in to the same thing, and when Dean met Adrian and Jon, they decided they would take it to non consensual lengths. It didn&#8217;t take them long to find likeminded people to join in and help.
Sam was the third prostitute to endure such a party. The first two were still alive but not necessarily well. Dean was struck by the intense beauty of this one. She could have easily been a model. She had been put on the pole like the others and fed drugs. Sam had passed out many times and was screaming, crying and bleeding when it was decided she should be taken down and fucked all over, just as they had done with Liz. They had put her on the floor and she was fighting it all the way. Liz had endured some serious abuse prior to her arrival at Deans but Sam was still very new to her situation. When the men grew tired of holding down her kicking limbs, they decided to nail her hands and feet to the floor. Dean was so drunk he didn&#8217;t care he would have four holes in his wooden floor, the thought of nailing this girl to the floor was too much of a turn on for him to reject the idea, and he watched her eyes as it took five men to hold her down, one with his hand pressed firmly over her mouth to muffle the cries. They spread her out on her front first and stretched her arms out straight. The nails were hammered in and none of them felt sorry for her. Next her knees were pushed underneath her stomach, so she was in a kneeling position, her body forced forward and down as her hands were now nailed. They then nailed her feet there, driven from the soles of her feet, straight through into the floor. Sam had stopped screaming and had passed out again. Her perfect ass was up in the air and everybody wanted a go with it. They waited for her to come round before beginning. Dean was the first to take her ass. They&#8217;d had to gag her by now because with each thrust, her nailed hands and feet were moving and Sam was screaming so much they were having to cover their ears. 
When it came to around the sixth time her ass was being fed another hard cock, Sam was attempting to scream abuse at anyone, although all this was muffled by the gag, the guy pumping into her sore ass hole managed to make out something she said. He withdrew himself as soon as he heard her accuse the lot of them of being &#8216;a bunch of gays&#8217; and stepped slowly in front of her. He told the others to back off a sec before running into the kitchen. He came back with a clear plastic bag and roughly put it over her head, sealing the bottom around her neck with some gaffa tape. He then resumed his position, only intensifying each thrust to a violent level. It didn&#8217;t take Sam long to use up all the oxygen trapped inside the bag, and soon it was stuck to her lips while she was shaking, her lungs aching for air. Unfortunately she never got to breath again and no one noticed when she passed out. By the time the guy fucking her had shot his load into her bowels, she was dead.
Liz was fast asleep when Dean quietly crept into the room. He powered down the little box that had electrocuted her many times and put it away. He left her alone again for sleep. He needed it too. Most of the guys had left by now, some were planning to return when the girl was well enough for them to play with again. They had never kept one for so long, but this had been planned from the day Adrian and John had moved into the house next door to hers. Most of them had seen her before whenever they had visited Adrian, and they had all been waiting for this. They had never done this to a girl who wasn&#8217;t a prostitute, and that only added to the excitement. 
Liz slept for more than 12 hours. When she woke up to the terrifying recollection of the past few days events, the only thing she could do was lay there, still sandwiched between the two cage panels.&nbsp; Letting some silent tears roll from her eyes she wondered how much more she could take, and she knew it wasn&#8217;t a lot unless she was given some time to recover. And that she was given. For the next three days, she was kept in the same position day and night. This in itself was torture. The imprinted cage design was now etched into her skin and her inability to move proved to be excruciating, especially by the third day. Only Dean and Adrian visited her, usually with soup or water and the occasional bit of bread to keep her alive. They barely spoke to her, even with her constantly questioning them both. &#8216;Are you really going to kill me?&#8217; She never got a reply. Dean smiled whenever she asked, but he wouldn&#8217;t answer.
Three days after she arrived, her weak body was finally released from the cage. After all that time in the same position, Liz found some real agony in being able to move again suddenly. Her screams and cries were ignored as she was carried into a bedroom, completely untied and placed on a bed. When the bed touched her skin she yelped, her skin was bumped up in ways Dean had never seen before. It was fascinating the way it made her extra sensitive and he forced down the urge to bull whip her all over while she was like this. He knew she needed time before he could really start on her. He couldn&#8217;t wait to get her on his own, but she needed to be stronger. Liz&#8217;s naked and bruised body curled up protectively when she saw how Dean was looking at her. She anticipated he wanted to hurt her so much, but felt herself wash with relief when Dean said: &#8216;There is a shower and a bath through that door. Get yourself as clean as possible for me ok?&#8217; Liz only nodded in answer, fearing he could hurt her at any second. Dean shut the door behind him and she heard the lock turning and clunking into place.
She looked down at her body and had to look away soon afterwards for fear of being sick. There wasn&#8217;t a part left unmarked. Her eyes travelled back to herself as she assessed the damage properly. Her legs were badly bruised, but all the bruising was yellowing now, meaning the worst had passed. Her eyes stopped when she read some of the obscenities carved into her. &#8216;Whore&#8217; was the largest and not particularly neat. There were others too. Her fingers reached around her back where she could feel the bumpy texture of the brand Adrian had given her. She could feel so much pain all over herself that she wasn&#8217;t sure if it hurt a lot. 
She stopped discovering her various wounds and tried to get on her feet. Unfortunately five days of the torture regime had taken its toll and she fell into a heap onto the carpet. Her legs were too weak to carry her now, especially since they had been pinned in the same position for hours. Her arms were also suffering, but she managed to drag herself towards the bathroom door to find the bath tub. She ran the hot tap. It was cold so she kept her hand underneath it, waiting to feel the warm water she was longing for. It never came. Ice cold water ran from the tap and nothing else. Liz quickly became distraught. She brought her knees to her face and cried into her hands with such an air of despair that anyone would feel sorry for her had they seen her now. Unfortunately Dean, Adrian and Jon were not just anybody and they definitely were not feeling sorry for her as they watched Liz on the TV screen downstairs. They had placed a camera in each room so they could watch all their cruel subtle tortures without missing out.
They watched her in silence as her body jerked with each sob. Dean finally got up to sort her out.&nbsp; Liz heard his heavy footsteps getting closer and she scrambled into the corner of the bathroom shaking all over, the tears still falling. She wished so much she wasn&#8217;t here.
Dean entered the bathroom and gave Liz a look that she felt would cut her in half. He put the plug in and let the freezing cold water fill up high. &#8216;Get in this now.&#8217; He motioned towards the tub of freezing water. Liz hesitated like any normal person would, but Dean wasn&#8217;t about to let her waste his time and he flung himself at Liz causing her to scream and fight. His hand entwined itself in her hair and pulled her clean off her feet and straight into the bath with one swift movement. The minute the water touched her skin her breath was momentarily taken away and she gasped with the shock. Instinct soon kicked in and she fought to get out, splashing the cold water all over the floor and more disturbingly, over Dean. She won the short battle despite Deans efforts to keep her in, she was too wet and slippery to keep hold of and she was soon laid in a heap next to the bath shivering.
Dean was furious. He was soaked through and he knew he was not going to let her get away with this. When he left the room Liz prayed he would not return, but he was back within seconds with two lengths of rope and handcuffs. &#8216;No, please don&#8217;t tie me up, please, I&#8217;ll get back in, I&#8217;ll get back in!&#8217; Dean was too angry to care. He roughly pulled her arms behind her back and snapped the cuffs on them uncomfortably tight. He had lost his temper. Liz whimpered and protested while he threw her back into the cold water. Dean then looped one of the ropes tightly around her neck, pulled it so she could hardly breath and then tugged the end so that her head was forced backwards, the knape of her neck resting on the back of the bath tub. He secured it somewhere behind her head and then quickly tied her feet together, leaving a length on the end of it to secure it to the taps. 
&#8216;N-n-n-oo&#8217; Liz&#8217;s teeth were chattering as every movement she made choked her. &#8216;D-d-d-don&#8217;t l-l-leave m-m-me p-please?&#8217; She begged. She had never felt as cold as this in her life. She watched in disbelief as Dean closed the door to the bathroom behind him and retreated back to where Adrian and Jon had been sat enjoying the show.
When Dean returned to the kitchen, Adrian and Jon&#8217;s face said it all. &#8216;You could have thrown some ice in too mate?&#8217; Adrian offered. Dean was tempted but knew the girl was suffering already. Not that he felt sorry for her as his hand stroked his hardening cock through his trousers. He had an urge to wank but realised he didn&#8217;t need to while Liz was here. He withdrew his hand and cooled off for a few hours till he decided she had suffered enough. 
By the time he went back to get her out she was in shock, no longer shaking and a little limp. He untied her neck and her feet and carried the freezing girl out of the bath. He left the handcuffs on her as he towelled her off and gave her a blanket. 
She snuggled into the blanket and he let her keep it while he watched he silently. She was so beautiful, he couldn&#8217;t wait for that body to heal so he could make her look like this again all over again.

I wish he would stop staring. I knew I hadn&#8217;t been violated for a couple of days now and I was so weak I barely even cared right now. The blanket was all I cared about after that monster left me to freeze in that bath for hours! Dean removed the handcuffs and pushed me gently down so I was laying on my back on the bed. My breathing faltered as I felt the fear rising. He prised the blanket from my fingers and let it fall to the floor. Instinctively I covered my tits with one arm and my pussy with the other. I may have lived without clothes for the past week or so but I still wasn&#8217;t used to it. He climbed on top of me then, his legs straddling me as he grabbed my wrists and pulled them above my head, clicking the cuffs around them and attaching them to the steel framed bed. 
&#8216;Please stop doing this to me now.&#8217; He pressed a finger to my lips. &#8216;Please don&#8217;t beg Liz, you will make me angry and I want you to get better, not hurt you even more.&#8217; I didn&#8217;t say anything else. He looked into my terrified eyes as he undid his belt and took his cock out. Holding my ankles in the air with his hands, he rammed himself into my pussy violently. I shut my eyes as he continued to rape me till he was spent. Before he left he threw the blanket on top of me and left, leaving me handcuffed to the bed.
This carried on for days at first, then weeks. Every day was the same. I was made to have a cold bath, and if I stayed in long enough and shaved my pussy, legs and underarms well, they would feed me, usually soup and bread. I would then be handcuffed to the bed and be visited at random times to be fucked, sometimes five or six times a day. Adrian and Jon visited too, along with other faces I had seen at the party on that first night. 
I tried to stay sane but it was difficult when isolated like I was. There wasn&#8217;t even any pictures on the walls, no magazines to read, no TV, nothing. Just cold baths and rape. The sex was always painful, but they were refraining from torturing me for now. They had each told me that they were only waiting for my body to fully recover. I inspected myself daily to measure the time. When each bruise faded I was filled with dread because I knew I was becoming closer and closer to an ordeal I had already been through. By the time the scab had fallen off the word &#8216;WHORE&#8217; on my leg, I knew it wouldn&#8217;t be long. I ran my fingers over the scarred word on my leg, trying to accept it would be there forever. The brand on my back was becoming less and less painful too, although it was the longest wound to heal.
My eyes were heavy with sleep as I heard the door unlock. Every time someone entered this room I panicked and prayed it was just a fuck and I wouldn&#8217;t be taken from the room. Crazy as it sounds I felt safer as long as I was kept in here. I kept my eyes shut as I felt someone sit down next to me on the bed and I tried to savour this moment of my warm blanket and comfort of the bed I had been sleeping on. 
&#8216;Bath time&#8217; The words cut into me. I knew I had to obey the command but I didn&#8217;t want to move. I felt the handcuffs being released and forced myself to sit up. I looked at Dean with obvious contempt and he shook his head and tutted in return. I stumbled across the small space towards the bath and ran the tap feeling Deans eyes on me. He stood up and came towards me and I saw he had a bag in his hand. &#8216;W-what&#8217;s in there?&#8217; I asked quietly. He sighed and looked at me full in the face and my heart began to beat a little faster. &#8216;A hairbrush, some makeup, knickers, and a bra.&#8217;
Maybe it was pure denial, but the first thought to enter my head was that they were letting me go. My eyes lit up and he saw it. He smiled and set the bag down as I climbed into the bath. &#8216;We are letting you go home Liz.&#8217; As I felt relief wash over me I was suddenly filled with doubt. Flashbacks of their cruelty filled my head, and I just couldn&#8217;t believe they would let me go now. &#8216;Really?&#8217; I dared to ask, almost flinching as I expected him to roar with laughter at my gullibility. But Dean sat down on the bed with his head in his hands and explained that Adrian and Jon had gone home to get some of their stuff so they could stay at Deans permanently, but the police had been waiting for them. 
&#8216;Oh my god&#8217; I thought, &#8216;I&#8217;m really going home&#8217; Apparently I had been reported missing after a week, and police had found it odd that Jon and Adrian next door had vanished too. They had searched their house and found traces of my blood in an outhouse &#8216;That brutal fisting Adrian gave me&#8217; I felt my excitement begin to grow but was wary too. Dean continued to explain that as my body hadn&#8217;t been found, they were to be charged with my murder. The plan was to let me go so that Adrian and Jon would get a lighter sentencing having not killed me. This was music to my ears and I couldn&#8217;t help but smile. I couldn&#8217;t wait until those monsters were behind bars. My thoughts shot to Dean. &#8216;What about you? Are you not worried I will tell them about all of you?&#8217; He replied sadly. &#8216;You can try Liz, but you have no idea where you are, and my real name isn&#8217;t Dean. Plus the fact that I will run anyway.&#8217; He sounded almost scared. 
I carried on washing myself in the cold bath, so used to it now that I just automatically reached for the razor and shaved my pussy. Thoughts engulfed me as I tried to take it in. I began to cry softly as I got out of the bath, dried, and slipped on the bra and pants Dean had given me. He watched me get ready. I brushed my knotted hair and put my makeup on delicately.
&#8216;I&#8217;m going to have to blindfold you so that you can&#8217;t see where you are going when we get outside the house. I don&#8217;t want you recognising anything.&#8217; I nervously agreed as he tied material over my eyes and I tearfully saw the tiny room that had been my home for the last month or so. My hands were already behind my back as if I was willing to be handcuffed. He tightened the metal securely and walked me towards the door. He pushed me through it and I stumbled a little, suddenly becoming frightened that this was a lie and I wasn&#8217;t really going home. &#8216;No no, it has to be true, Jon and Adrian want to be charged with kidnapping, not murder&#8217; I reassured myself.
&#8216;I&#8217;m really sorry for what we did to you Liz, we just get a little crazy and I know we&#8217;ve really hurt you...&#8217; Dean sounded sincere as he guided me down the hall to some steps. He held on to the handcuffs as he helped me blindly down them and into an open space that I imagined was the one I had been so brutally tortured in the first night I had spent in this house. I felt sure I heard someone else...
&#8216;Just wait here and I&#8217;ll get you something to wear...&#8217; I felt his hands leave me as I stood with no idea where I was and what was in front of me. I fiddled nervously with my hands behind my back for what seemed like a lifetime. My bare feet were cold on the wooden floor as I took a few steps backwards. When Dean still hadn&#8217;t returned I started to worry. I shuffled backwards, not knowing if something was behind me. &#8216;Dean?...&#8217; I said softly. &#8216;Was that a giggle?&#8217; Suddenly I heard a shuffling of feet and my panic subsided, it must be Dean coming towards me. But the footsteps sounded urgent and as they closed in on me I instinctively cowered away expecting pain at any second. I felt a rush of air surround me and Dean stopped suddenly in front of me, laughing a real laugh that made me take tentative steps backwards. He kept on laughing and panic rose inside me. &#8216;C-can you let me go?&#8217; I stuttered, but he just carried on laughing as I carried on creeping backwards. I felt myself hit something soft, warm, and it grabbed me by the neck and shoved me so hard against a hard surface behind me it knocked the wind out of me. 
Pinned up to a pillar by my neck, fingers tore the blindfold from my eyes and I saw Adrian, his eyes cold, yet amused. Behind him stood Jon and Dean, Jon immediately burst into fits of laughter along with Dean, who was on the floor laughing. As they watched me take it in, the reality of their cruel lie hit me hard I felt like screaming with anger, and when Adrian loosened his grip around my throat I went for it: &#8216;You fucking bastards! Fuck you all you fucking set of shits! Let me the fuck out of here for fucks sake...&#8217; My rant was cut off as Adrian happily punched me full on in the face and I collapsed to the floor, blood pouring from my nose. He then leapt on top of me, pinning me to the floor and holding my head up by my hair, he half whispered half growled directly into my ear &#8216;Calling me a fucking bastard? Your calling me a fucking shit!, well you fucking horrible little whore slag bitch, you&#8217;re gonna be so fucking sorry when we&#8217;ve finished with you this time, last time was fucking nothing compared to what your gonna go through this time! If you even survive it!&#8217; 
He smashed my head back down on the floor leaving me moaning. One cuff was undone and I was dragged to my feet and made to stand with my back against the pillar as my hands were re-attached behind it. I was filled with anger. I couldn&#8217;t believe I had believed they were going to let me go. I couldn&#8217;t believe they had been so cruel, I couldn&#8217;t believe any of it. 
Dean approached me then and my eyes widened as I saw the coils of barbed wire in his gloved hands. He smiled and cocked his head to one side slightly. &#8216;Awww, is Dean gonna hurt you? Aww poor little Liz&#8217;
He started at my shoulders. Wrapping the first length tightly around my chest and working his way down. I shut my eyes and tried not to scream but the sharp barbs pierced me and stuck inside me as he carried on winding it around me, pinning me to the pillar. He went all the way down my body, and then came back up again, ensuring he wrapped several layers tightly over my tits. I thought he would stop there, but he carried on moving upwards towards me head and as I shook it and begged he only advised that I keep as still as possible to minimise the damage. Fortunately he skipped my neck but I squeezed my eyes shut as the wire was lashed over my cheek slowly. &#8216;Open your mouth wide.... Now!&#8217; I began to sob as he ran it through my mouth like a gag, the barbs agonisingly stuck in my cheek and one directly hovered above my tongue as he ran it around the back of the pillar, successfully gagging me with barbed wire. Luckily non of the barbs were at the corners of my mouth so I was able to close my teeth over the wire, but the barbs were brushing my tongue and one quick move and it would be sliced.
When he had finished he stepped back to admire how tormented I was. My pain filled eyes were begging, every breath I took caused the barbed wire to pierce me further and move about, it was unbearable and I was grunting with every breath as more tears slid from my eyes. Dean took out his camera and began taking photos. 
Within five minutes I was absolutely beside myself. All three of them were watching me struggle to cope with their horrific torture. &#8216;Remember the party?&#8217; I couldn&#8217;t nod my head but he saw my eyes flicker. &#8216;We&#8217;re having another one tonight and you&#8217;ve been invited!&#8217; I sobbed in disbelief that this was happening again. Before the others arrive, I&#8217;m just going to prepare you so that you have some idea of what&#8217;s going to happen first. Dean disappeared from my view and returned with the little box he had used while I was crushed in the cage. He hooked the wires up to the barbed wire, and showed me how the dial was turned up to maximum power. &#8216;I&#8217;ll just give you a quick jolt to see how you find it&#8217; 
The last thing I remember was the stiffening jolt of white agony before I passed out completely. When I came round, I could taste blood, and I didn&#8217;t have to see it to know I was bleeding from everywhere else. Most of the barbs were now embedded into me, and the electricity jolt had jerked me around violently enough to ensure all the pierced skin was disturbed. The fear I felt now had become so overtaking that all the sound around me seemed to dim somewhat. I watched as I saw familiar faces enter the room one by one, all in anticipation of the destruction they would be causing to my body for a second time.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Liz


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





