BDSM Library - Kim learns and then teaches a lesson




Kim learns and then teaches a lesson
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Kim gets a new lover, only her daughter has fun with him when she is at work. Kim is blackmailing people, and Brea decides to have a try at it. Kim then teahces Brea a lesson, with Steve\'s help






Chapter 1

Steve finds his latest date wonder, as the blonde knows how to make him happy. She is even inviting him to come back to her place. They are both in their upper thirties, and everything seems to be moving along quicker than Steve could imagine.
He follows her to her home, which is in a better part of town. She pulls into the garage, and motions Steve to park so that she can get out before him. He thinks to himself that this seems strange, but does as the girl instructs him. Kim does seem to have the in charge attitude, but he can overcome that part of her for her nice body.
Once they go into the house, Steve hears other voices. Someone a few inches shorter than Kim comes in and gives her a hug. Kim tells Steve that this is one of her girls, and the other one should be in bed.&nbsp; Steve does catch Brea&#8217;s name, and that is it before she heads up the stairway. Kim gets them both another drink, and says that she hopes everyone stays away for the night.
Kim then leads the way down another hallway, and through a doorway. They emerge into a new room with a swimming pool in it. He also sees a hot tub off to one side, and Kim says that she enjoys relaxing in this room. 
Kim sits at a table and sips at her drink. Steve can see that she is sizing him up, but he does not want to scare her by moving to fast. He would love to see if those large breasts are natural, and from a hug before, they do appear real. Kim does make the first move, says that she needs help with the hot tub cover. It is easy for both of them to remove, and the steam raises at the water hits the air.
Kim then takes off her clothes and bra, and hops into the water. Steve can see her breasts, and they do look fine. Kim decides to get a little braver, and she removes her panties and tosses them to Steve. That is enough, and Steve takes off his clothing and is soon in the hot water with Kim.
They cuddle for a bit, and they explore each other&#8217;s bodies. Steve does find that her breasts are natural, and she trims her pussy hairs short. His fingers work her clit, and she purrs. She has hold of his cock, and it is growing nicely. It does feel like a nice size cock and should be very comfortable inside her.
She decides that she want to sixty-nine him, and leads him out of the water. They do not dry off, as she has him get on his back. He then sees this beautiful blond pussy coming to his face. Steve works his tongue into it, and she moans as her mouth engulf his cock. He works the clit with his tongue, and gets the tongue deep. He also needs the ass, seeing that she has a cute one even from this position. 
Kim then moves, and repositions herself. She slides the pussy across the dick, making it even happier. He works his cock into her, and she rides her new friend. He has total access to her nipples, and his tongue makes them very wet. They both cum hard, and then she rests across his chest. They are both happy.
Kim then invites him to spend the night, as she wants to cuddle with him in bed. He does not object, and they dress before leaving the playroom. Brea is in the family room watching television and she just smiles at her mother as they pass. Kim does tell her not to stay up to late.
Once in the bedroom, Kim gets Steve naked again. She takes his cock into her mouth, as she wants it hard again to penetrate her pussy. She does a good job, then gets on the bed, and spreads her legs. Steve knows what he can do to please her, and the cock slides into her pussy. He slides it in slowly, and this drives her crazy. He then continues to pump the pussy in a slower fashion, explaining that he loves to tease his mate. He actually removes the cock completely from inside her pussy, and then shoves it back in very hard. He has already cum, so if he does again, it will take some time.
He does play with her tits and nipples, which drives her nearly insane. She has to hold back, as she can become very load. She hopes her daughters do not her how load she is tonight, as she knows that Brea will also want to have this cock.
Kim sees that Steve is tiring, and this is good. Soon they stop, and her body is very high on this sexual experience. They cuddle for a bit before they both fall asleep. They remain cuddling until the phone wakes them both up.
Kim is a nurse, and the hospital needs her for an operation. She gives Steve a kiss, telling him that he can sleep and leave later in the morning. Kim does take a quick shower, and then dresses in her uniform. She gives him another kiss, and then leaves. He hears the garage door, and then he falls back to sleep.
Steve wakes up with someone sucking on his cock. It takes him a short time to realize that it is not Kim, but her daughter Brea. She realizes that he is up and looks at him, then continues to inhale his cock. She then turns and inches up his body until her pussy is over his cock. She giggles as she reaches down and aims the cock inside her young pussy. She then sits down, with her pussy inhaling the cock. 
Steve does not what to do, then decides that the nipples look to appetizing to not do anything with. He licks at them, and gets them wet. His cock is fucking this young pussy, and enjoying every minute as the girl rides him. She soon explodes in a good orgasm, and just relaxes across his body. She whispers that she loves Steve, and wants to go again.
Brea kisses him, and tells him that she loves him. Steve looks over to the clock seeing that it is after eight. Brea decides that she needs breakfast, kissing the cock as she departs the bed. Brea tells him that she will go down, and asks him if he likes eggs. He does nod his head, and she leaves the room in just her pajama bottoms.
Steve gets up and takes a quick shower before dressing. As he is finishing, he hears a knock on the door. A younger girl is on the other side, and she tells him that Brea has breakfast on the table. He finishes buttoning his shirt as he follows that girl to the table.
Brea asks him what he wants to drink, and she gets that to the table. He sees that she has not put on a top, and her nipples are still very excited. Brea tells Steve that Ann is almost fifteen, and that their mom normally does not leave dates alone in the house. The girls both laugh at this, and they continue eating breakfast.
Steve does comment on the lack of a shirt for Brea, and Sue says that they are a very open family. Steve just admires the globes on Brea, figuring her to be about a 34-DD in that area. He does learn that she is sixteen, and wonders how long she has been sexually active. 
Steve decides to head home after he eats. He is not sure what to think, and knows that he should have not screwed the daughter. He does wonder what Kim knows about her daughter, and hopes that he sees her soon. He will not bring up Brea in anything that her age does not warrant. 
When Steve gets home, he begins to wonder just how lucky is has gotten. Kim is a nice person and very sexual. Her sixteen year old appears to be even more so, and knows what she is doing in bed. 
Steve does hear from Kim the following day, and she wants to come over. He looks around his place, and says that he needs to clean up a bit, but it is Ok to come by. When he hangs up, he does straighten the living area.
She is there within the twenty minutes that she said that she would, and she is in her relaxing clothing. She gives him a hug, and he finds that she just needs to be held at this time. In no time, Kim has his pants open and his lovely cock in her mouth. He gets hard very fast, and he wants more.
Kim is not sure what she wants to do next, fuck his brains out or present him with her little problem. She decides to present him with the picture of him and Brea that her younger daughter happened to take the other morning. It clearly shows his cock is inside her older daughter.
Steve takes a moment to focus on the picture. It is printed on normal paper, but clearly shows him fucking Brea. Kim is still sucking on his cock, and he wonders what she is after. She finally releases his cock from her lips, grasping it with her one hand. She squeezes, and tells him that she could show this to the authorities. Steve knows that he could be in very big trouble, but he want to hear her out.
Kim releases her grasp on his cock, and then she smacks it with her hand. It stings, and Steve tries to cover up. She tells him that she want him to be her slave until suck time as she grows tired of him. Steve does not know what to say, and Kim tells him to strip now.
Steve looks at her, and decides to play her game. He does take everything off, and is not allowed to sit back down. Instead, Kim has him turn around. She then takes out a camera, and takes some pictures of him.
She then reaches into her large bag, and pulls out a dildo. She has him bend over, as she greases it up. He figures right, as she is going to stick it into his ass. He does not want it but she says that is what she wants today. 
Kim removes her clothing, and straps on the dildo. She then gets behind him, and eases it into his asshole. It does penetrate him with a little difficulty, and then she pumps his ass good. She does grab his cock, and finds that he is still hard. 
When she has had enough, she has him eat her out. When she cums several times, she is then ready for something else. She then dresses and tells Steve that she will call him later.
Steve does shower when she leaves, for he feels like he really needs it. Kim is taking full advantage of what she has, and he is her target at this time. He wonders to himself what will be coming next.
Steve does hear from her on Wednesday, as she wants to bring over one of her friends. Steve does not know what to say, although he has nothing planned. Kim tells him to have something for dinner, and they will be to his place about six. He is to have on jean and a top, but no underwear. He does smile to himself, knowing that he will have some fun tonight.
He does have a meal for everyone, and finds that Kim&#8217;s friend Stefanie is a nicely stacked blonde. Stefanie is also wearing her nurse&#8217;s uniform, and Steve is happy he made something good. Everyone eats well, and then Kim tells her friend that she has a surprise for her tonight.
After dinner, Kim tells Stephanie that she has a surprise for her. She walks her over to the sofa, and tells Steve to stand before them. He does so, and looks at them both.
Kim tells Stephanie to get on her knees and drop his pants. She finds that he is not wearing any underpants, and his cock looks bigger than she is used to. Kim tells her to suck in it good, and she licks it first. The cock begins to grow, and soon it is in her mouth. Stephanie loves cock, and she loses track of what else is going on around her.
Kim takes a few pictures of her friends, knowing that she can blackmail both of them later if she wants to. She then reaches into her bag of tricks, and pulls out a bottle of something. Steve looks, but Stephanie is still loving on the cock. Kim puts some of the liquid on a cloth, and then puts it over Stephanie&#8217;s mouth. It is chloroform, and Stephanie is soon out. 
Kim tells Steve to place her on the sofa, and Kim takes some pictures. Soon Stephanie&#8217;s top is off, and her pink bra looks to be holding in more than Kim realized. She takes her pants off, leaving Stephanie in just her panties and bra. The bra then comes off, and Stephanie&#8217;s beautiful large nipples come into view. Kim looks at the bra size, and sees that they are 38-DDD. Kim decides to suck on the nipples, and Steve takes the other one in his mouth. The nipples get hard, and this helps to get her pussy wet. A few more pictures are taken, and then they remove her panties. Besides no tan lines, her pussy is clean of all its hair. Kim fingers her, finding her very wet. 
Kim need to think, and walks with Steve to the bedroom. She has Steve lay naked next to her, and then she plans her attack. She rolls Stephanie on top of Steve, so that her back is to him. This places his cock near her pussy, and she rubs the cock on her pussy. Sure enough, the cock gets hard. She then inserts the cock inside her pussy, and takes many pictures. Steve pumps the pussy, and they both hear her moan. Steve also works the tits, getting the nipples hard. Kim moves one of her hands to the cock, and it looks like they are both having fun. Steve does explode inside her, and Kim just smiles at the nice pictures that she is getting.
They Stephanie roll away, and Kim goes to work on Steve. She is horny, and finds that Steve is up to fucking her with a little help. A good blowjob does the trick, and he fucks her in the missionary position. He does not last long, depositing some sperm inside her womb. 
Kim does get dressed, as Steve is nice to get her something to drink. They both look at Stephanie, wondering how long she will sleep. Kim than decides that she should thank him for his time. She does, and then sucks on his cock until she gets his fluid. She tells him to have fun and she will call him in a few days. She also decides to take Stephanie&#8217;s underwear, and Steve just looks at her.
Steve then decides to get some sleep, for he is tired. Stephanie does sleep until about two, and she wake up in a man&#8217;s arms. She feels good about this, as it has been some time since she has dated. She then realizes that she is naked, and does not know what is going on. She does remember eating dinner, and then sucking on the cock. Then something was over her face, and now she is naked in bed with a man. She checks the clock, and wonders what has happened. 
Steve stirs at the movement, and flips so he is facing Stephanie. Stephanie feels the cock, and decides to have some fun. She repositions herself, and licks the cock for a short time before she inhales it. The cock does not get real hard, although it likes what is happening. This is when she checks her pussy, and finds sticky sperm inside her. Crap, this is the wrong time of the month for her to have unprotected sex. She rolls over, and he moves to spoon with her. Stephanie is then asleep a short time later.
Her phone alarm wakes them both up, as she need to get a shower and put some clothes on for work. They kiss each other, although she has no idea why. She does find the shower, and has to use what he has available. This does not please her any. As she is drying off, Steve jumps into the shower.
Stephanie goes back to the bedroom and looks for her clothing. She is not able to find any of her underwear, and this upsets her. She does put on her uniform, and then looks for something for breakfast. By the time she finishes, Steve is dressed in a nice suit, nice. 
Stephanie then remembers that Kim brought her here, and she will need a ride to work. Steve says that he can take her. He also sees that her tits do not sag much, and she sees what he is looking at. She says that she feels naked without the bra, as she always wears one so that her tits do not sag. The conversation is making her nipples stick out, and Steve remembers just how large they are. Stephanie does know that this may cause a problem during her workday. 
Steve tells her that he may have a sports bra around, and goes to the bedroom. He returns a short time later with a red one, and she looks at it. He tells her that she will need to get it back to him, and she decides to put it on. The top comes off, and the bra goes on. It is tight, but not constricting. She gives him a kiss when she is presentable. They soon head out, as she needs to be to work shortly. 
Before they get to the hospital, the two are able to talk. The exchange phone numbers and she will call hi soon. She gives him a kiss, and then head into work. Steve then drives to work, and thinks about what is going on with the girls.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Terrible Tomas


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





