BDSM Library - Fantasy Teasers




Fantasy Teasers
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A collection of short stories with the predominant theme being the subtle forced submission of women by dominant men and women.






I've known Mr. Hawk for several years both through his frequent visits to the library where I work and through novels of erotic fantasy penned by him and which could be found on the shelves in the fiction section of the library. In fact, his name was occasionally brought up in gossip by some of the other women I worked with and, while I had on several occasions told Mr. Hawk I was something of a fan of his work, it was otherwise a guilty little secret I kept to myself. What I didn't know about Mr. Hawk was that he was also a famous BDSM photographer. I never made the connection that The House of Hawk Studios was owned and operated by the same Mr. Hawk whose erotic novels I knew and loved so well. I might probably have discovered this and chosen a different photographer before I booked myself in for a session. Instead, I was so captivated and enthralled by the quality of his photography - a mix of elegant bondage and erotica combined with a slightly edgy, raw sense of danger - that I couldn't wait to make the booking.



I'm not sure which of us was more surprised when I arrived at Mr. Hawk's studio. My heart immediately leapt to my mouth and I'm sure I blushed deeply. Here I was, standing in the reception area of his studios and coming face to face with a young man I'd see so often; a man who was aware of my secret passion for his erotic and often perverse novels; a man I had come to see with the intention of having him photograph me naked and bound. Actually, I think it was really me who was more surprised; and now far more nervous that I might have been had he been a complete stranger.



There was a long moment during which I wanted to say something, but the words failed to materialize. Mr. Hawk broke the silence and, before I could will my legs to make a hasty retreat, he ushered me through a door into a cavernous warehouse space. Numerous "sets" were constructed around the walls; some furnished with dungeon equipment, a prison cell and several others that resembled any ordinary suburban house's bedroom, lounge and kitchen.



We stood in the middle of the space and Mr. Hawk asked a few questions. He pointed to some poster-sized prints of his pictures framed and mounted on one wall and asked whether I had any particular favorites. Such was my anxiety-induced feebleness of mind; I replied I was happy to leave such decisions up to him. He appeared extra pleased by that and his enthusiasm to get started wasn't diminished when I told him the resulting photo album was to be a gift for "somebody" - that somebody being my Master, but I didn't have the confidence to elaborate.



Mr. Hawk then directed me to a small dressing room/office at the back of the warehouse. In it, I was introduced to "Wendy, the make-up artist". She was friendly but somewhat ambivalent about my presence, even after Mr. Hawk informed her he wanted me completely nude for my session. I was apprehensive about undressing, particularly as Mr. Hawk continued standing in the open doorway; his arms folded across his chest and a broad grin on his face. I turned my back to him but it made no difference. The mirror-lined walls reflected me from every angle back to him and by the time I slipped out of the last item of clothing (my panties) I felt especially self-conscious of him watching me.



Wendy had me sit in a chair facing one of the mirrors and touched up my make-up. She applied extra eyeliner and mascara, more heavily that I'd ever wear in public, and brushed my nipples with a soft blusher brush to deepen the pinkness of them to an almost red color. The tough of the brush, combined with the ever-present sense of Mr. Hawk watching, caused my nipples to embarrassingly stiffen.



When asked by Wendy about which "accessories" Mr. Hawk wanted, he replied, "I think I'd like to see her in the leg-irons and collar. I watched Wendy in the reflections of the mirrors as she went to a closet and returned with several rusty old iron manacles. When secured, they felt very heavy around my wrists, ankles and neck and like leaden weights once I stood. Additionally, Mr. Hawk told Wendy to gag me. It was no ordinary gag either. Instead of the red rubber ball I'd expected it to be, it was a large stainless steel ring that forced my mouth obscenely open and made it impossible for me to speak intelligibly. Mr. Hawk then told me to face him so he could make an inspection before we started.



I felt a rush of deep embarrassment when he commented on my pubic hair. It was a neatly trimmed triangle of dark blonde curls that I regarded as neat and tidy, but Mr. Hawk made me feel freakish for having any at all. Nevertheless, he announced it was time to begin and I followed him back out into the warehouse space.



The king-sized four-poster bed in the bedroom set was his first choice. He directed me to lie on my back, which I did. Then, using lengths of heavy chain attached to each of the four posts of the bed frame, he stretched my arms and legs out fully and secured me fully spread and exposed on the bed. The sensations of being so vulnerable and defenseless were immediate and arousing. Mr. Hawk moved around the bed and took several photos of me from different angles. Finally, he stood and the end of the bed and zoomed in a couple of times, clicking photos each time he adjusted the zoom until I felt certain he had nothing by my pussy in view. I struggled a little in a futile attempt to bring my legs together; the unyielding hold of the chains causing me to become evermore aroused as I struggled. When Mr. Hawk commented it was to say he could see I was becoming aroused, but he wanted to see more from me. To this end, he called for Wendy and she quickly appeared; a purple pearl-beaded vibrator with a tickler in her hand.



When she leaned over the bed between my legs, I knew exactly what she was going to do, but I couldn't do anything to stop her or even say "no!" like the voice in my head screamed repeatedly. Mr. Hawk continued to move around the bed and photograph me as Wendy slowly and deeply penetrated my pussy with the softly buzzing vibrator. I struggled frantically but could only wriggle my hands and feet and raise my head to watch helpless as Wendy pushed the shaft all the way into my pussy so that the tickler pressed hard against my clit.



Mr. Hawk no seemed to revel in capturing the expressions of my face. They were ones of panic at first but, as Wendy slowly increased the intensity of the vibrations, I quickly felt myself drifting perilously close to an orgasm. It was an expression I had no desire for Mr. Hawk to capture with his camera and I fought to hold back my climax until Wendy unexpectedly changed the settings so that the shaft and tickler pulsed. It felt like a thousand orgasms all at once; intense and so overwhelming with pleasurable sensations, I thrashed around in my restraints and moaned so loudly I frightened myself with the noise.



Wendy eventually withdrew the vibrator and returned to her office; a purposeful stride in her step as if nothing had just happened. Mr. Hawk followed and disappeared into her office, leaving me breathless and with heart pounding for several minutes to recover. When he returned, it was to briefly unshackle the chains, roll me onto my stomach, and re-secure me spread-eagled.



The position caused me to feel even more vulnerable and exposed that I had been when lying on my back. Mr. Hawk took photos for several minutes before again calling for Wendy. I immediately panicked when I glanced back over my shoulder to see her approaching with a very large and very life-like dildo. When she asked Mr. Hawk if that was the one he wanted, he asked me if I'd ever had anything in my ass. I desperately tried to convey to him that I never had and never wanted to have anything in my ass. Even though I couldn't talk, I'm sure he knew what I was trying to say but even so, he sent Wendy away with the words, "I think we might start with the three inch one."



Wendy returned as instructed and started to prepare my ass with lubricant. I struggled at first but ultimately gave up and buried my face in the mattress to conceal the profound humiliation I felt at having my anus touched in any way. I could hear Mr. Hawk's camera clicking away - a sound that repeated more quickly when I felt the tip of the dildo pressing against my resisting anal sphincter muscles. I moaned more loudly and urgently into the mattress as I felt the pressure increasing against my anus. That moan escalated into a shrill gasp when the tip of the dildo eventually slipped into my ass.



The sensations of the slippery dildo penetrating my ass cause my skin to break out in a rash of goose bumps. My stomach literally churned when I felt the shaft being slowly withdrawn - no all the way but far enough for Wendy to gently fuck my ass. Occasionally, Mr. Hawk told Wendy to push it all the way in and then stand back so he could photograph my impaled ass. At other times, he'd photograph it at various other depths. After several minutes of having my ass ravished in this way, I grew to prefer the sensations of its full length being lodged in my ass as when there was only the tip, I had to tense my anal sphincter muscles tightly around it to prevent it from slipping out completely.



Once satisfied he'd humiliated me enough in that position, Mr. Hawk unhitched my wrists irons from the chains and reconnected them together behind my back. I wasn't sure at first what his intention was when he released my ankle irons from the chains, but a moment later, he forced my legs to be bent back and shackled my wrist irons to those around my ankles - effectively hogtying me. More photos were taken though thankfully, my pussy and ass were left unmolested.



I had hoped the session would end after this, but Mr. Hawk still had plans for me. My ankles were freed from my wrists but my wrists remained locked behind my back. Mr. Hawk helped me from the bed and walked me to a wooden chair in the kitchen set. My eyes nearly popped out of my head when I looked down at its seat and saw two imitation cocks rising from it. I was mortified by the thought of being forced to sit on this chair but instead of listening to my mumbled pleas, Mr. Hawk happily photographed my distress. Eventually he told me to either sit my ass on the cocks or he'd force me to sit - an eventuality he assured me I wouldn't enjoy.



The rubber cock intended for my ass was both two inches longer than the one that Wendy used on me and almost twice as thick. The other dildo was slightly larger again and it penetrated my pussy slightly before I felt the other press into the crater of my anus. I cautiously lowered my ass to take three or so inches but it became so painful, I had to stand again. Mr. Hawk gave me a stern look and repeated his demand that I sit on the cocks.



Wendy was there to watch and she suggested I "bounce" my ass down onto the cocks. So, as profoundly humiliating and painful that was, I gently bounced on the two cocks - becoming more desperate to feel the wood of the seat against my ass each time I fucked myself harder. I might have pretended they were all the way in but I reached a point, because my legs were tired from being bent and supporting my weight, where I had to let gravity seat me fully.



Mr. Hawk then knelt down to hitch my ankle irons to the front leg of the chair. He asked if I'd ever been double penetrated before and I shook my head honestly to reply "no". When he asked if I'd ever been triple-penetrated, I wasn't sure exactly what he meant. The answer came to me with a rush of sudden dread. I watched helplessly as Mr. Hawk handed his camera to Wendy and then removed all his clothes.



The first thought that entered my head when I saw his erect cock looming large right before my eyes was of a photo I'd seen in the preview section of The House of Hawk Studios website: a woman, helplessly tied to a chair and sucking an unidentified man's cock; this same cock. I felt a sudden chill of perverse delight at the memory. The image I'd seen had stuck in my mind and I had daydreamed about it often. I'd always wondered whether the woman was sucking this cock willingly and felt I now knew the answer. I wondered some more about how she might have felt; now I knew.



In the midst of these oddly pleasurable thoughts, Mr. Hawk pressed his cock through the ring gag and into my open mouth. He gently fucked my mouth in a slow rhythm and told me not to look away from the camera. I followed Wendy's movements around me with my eyes; all the while Mr. Hawk used my open mouth to pleasure himself. After several minutes, he asked if I enjoyed sucking his cock. I glanced up past his cock and looked him directly in the eye. He continued to fuck my mouth but even if I could have answered, I felt mixed feelings - partly loving the humiliation and partly desperate to escape.



Mr. Hawk continued for another minute or so and then withdrew his cock completely. It glistened with my saliva and I could feel more saliva trickling from the corners of my mouth. I watched him masturbate for a few seconds and then, without any warning, a large glob of something flew from the eye of his cock and splashed directly into my mouth. I second shot quickly followed and most of this went into my mouth as well. Instinctively, I swallowed before I realized what it was. The revulsion was immediate and I quickly turned my head only to have a third lump of his warm jism splash onto the side of my face.



The slimy residue and pungent taste of Mr. Hawk's cum in my mouth and throat lingered after he freed me from the chair and secured me face down over a desk in an office set. The ring gag was removed and I felt relieved to finally be able to close my mouth, but was still quite tired by now. I asked how much longer Mr. Hawk would be. He gave a vague reply and then blindfolded me. He didn't say anything else but I heard him getting dressed again behind me. I eventually heard his footsteps walking away toward the reception at the front of the building, the sound of a door opening, and then footsteps returning.



I could tell there was more than one person returning but wasn't sure how many. My heart skipped a beat and I struggled against the restraints that held me tethered face down across the narrow desk. I tilted my head this way and that to try and determine how many people were now present but it quickly became apparent there were at least two men besides Mr. Hawk.



A cock was forced into my mouth while a second man behind forced himself into my pussy. They fucked me roughly and vigorously for several minutes - the ever-present sound of the camera clicks reminding me everything was being photographed. In fact, it was that sound and thought more than anything that led me to orgasm. In doing so, my mouth sucked harder and the anonymous cock soon erupted with a flood of warm, thick jism. The second man also obviously sensed my climax and he also came inside me.



After the cock withdrew from my mouth, Mr. Hawk asked if I'd orgasmed. I blushed deeply and replied quietly, "Yes." A few moments later, I heard the door open and close again and when the blindfold was removed, I saw that there was only Mr. Hawk and Wendy present.



After being released from the table, the blindfold was removed and I was ushered to one of the dungeon sets. Here, Mr. Hawk attached the iron bracelets around my wrists to a chain suspended from overhead. The ankle irons were then hitched to chains. A moment later, I heard the sound of electric motors and felt the chains slowly start to pull in three different directions; my legs pulled widely apart and my arms pulled high over my head. By the time the motors finally stopped, I was fully spread and only just standing on tiptoe.



Mr. Hawk proceeded to ask a lot of embarrassing questions; "How much did you enjoy having your ask fucked?" and "Did you like your first triple penetration." I didn't want to answer but Wendy was there with a cane and each time I failed to respond in the affirmative, she struck my ass cheeks with stinging blows of the cane. Soon the questions came to be repeated and even when I answered with a "yes", Wendy continued to cane my ass until, after several minutes and being nearly in tears, I begged Mr. Hawk and Wendy to stop and let me go.



After I got dressed again, I went out to the reception area to find Mr. Hawk already had downloaded the pictures from his camera and was showing them to some other customers. They instantly recognized me and I felt so guilty and embarrassed I had to look away. Furthermore, I had to remain there in the reception area and listed while Mr. Hawk happily talked about all the things I'd just had done to me before I finally was able to write Mr. Hawk an $850.00 check to him and thank him for my pictures!



-=0=-





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  anonymouse-w


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





