BDSM Library - Master\'s Domain




Master\'s Domain
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A slave\'s late night wake up call from his Master has him rushing to get ready and head out to serve his Master. Master has a long night planned for His group of submissive slaves\'.






Master's Domain - Part One:

I was awoken suddenly from a deep slave when my pager
started to go off. 
I reached across the night table to reach it and read
the message, first i looked at the time, it was 01:00
a.m. Sunday morning. 
The message simply read: 
Master Kyle requires your services, be at my house in
one hour.
Knowing that it was at least an half hours drive from
my place to Master Kyle, i immediately called for a
taxi to pick me up and the started to prepare myself
for delivery to Master Kyle. 
Master Kyle has His requirements on how His slaves'
should be prepared and dressed for Him. 
I quickly jumped into the shower with razor in hand as
i knew i had to be completely freshly cleaned and
shaved smooth. Since it was a couple of days since
last body shave, i needed to ensure i was 100% smooth
for Master Kyle. 
After the shower and face/body shave, i began to dress
myself as required. 
This included putting on a pair of black socks, cock
ring, two pairs of very tight black briefs, pair of
tight fitting black jeans, black tight top and finally
black Docs boots. 
Finally dressed and with all this taking about half an
hour, i raced myself to the door an into the waiting
taxi. 
The taxi pulled up in front of Master Kyle's domain
with moments to spare on His one hour time limit, i
pressed the doorbell for Master and waited for
His answer to buzz me in. 
It was a cold and drizzly night as i was standing on
the front stoop of Master Kyle and beginning to get
cold and very wet. 
i waited for what was about 10 minutes when Master
buzzed me in. i knew why it took so long for Him
to buzz me in, He wanted me to have a good chill on 
and be wet. 
i knocked on Master's door when i reached his apartment
and immediately knelt to my knees as His requirement
was that when announcing yourself at His door, a slave
should be on all fours. 
He opened the door for me, while still in the hallway,
Master Kyle slipped on a blindfold and dog collar and
chain around my neck. 
Master Kyle then began to "dog walk" me into His apt. 
As we got into His apt, he tugged on the chain which
was my clue that we have walked far enough and that i
was to begin my foot worship on Him. 
Still kneeling, i lowered myself to His right foot and
stuck out my tongue and began to lick, kiss the top of
His entire bare foot, ensuring that i covered the
entire top of His foot, between each of His toes with
my tongue and mouth, and to suck each toe separately. 
i then switched over to His other foot and began to
worship in the same manner until another tug of the
chain, which was my clue that He was satisfied with
His foot worship and that i should stop. 
Master Kyle then barked out the order " stand in your
position". This meant i was to stand up at attention,
spread my legs apart as far as they would go, place my
hands behind my back and tilt my head towards the
ground. 
Master Kyle then began to inspect my clothing,
running
His hands all over my body and inspecting to makes
sure i was wearing all the right clothing for Him. 
Once the initial clothing body inspection was done
and as i was "standing in my position", Master Kyle
gave another tug on the chain. 
My clue that He wished to continue with the rest of
the body inspection. I first removed each of my shoes,
then socks, placing them inside the shoe and moving
out of the way. 
Next, i was to remove my top, then take out my belt
from my pants and place in Master Kyle's hands and
finally to remove my pants. The underwear&#8217;s were always
to remain on. 
Master Kyle began His body inspection, first by
caressing my chest/stomach to ensure for smoothness,
He then touched my left arm, which meant to raise it
in the air so he could inspect armpit smoothness,
another touch of the arm meant i could lower it. Then
a touch of the right arm so He could inspect the
armpit of my right side for smoothness. 
Master Kyle continued to run His hands down my body,
bypassing my crotch/bum area down to my legs and
checked both legs for smoothness compliance. 
Once satisfied my top and bottom half were total
smooth, He lowered my underwear&#8217;s to just down past my
crotch. 
First He inspected my cock area by running His tongue
all over my crotch to ensure that it was also smooth
and shaved. He then came up behind me and ran His hand
all over my bum and hole to make sure all was smooth. 
Master then pulled the underwear&#8217;s up back to
there original position and made sure they were nice
and snug. 
"Very Good" Master Kyle commented, indicating He was
pleased with the body inspection and that i passed the
cleanliness and smoothness inspection. 
Master then went onto explain that the reason He
had called upon me tonight was that He was horny and
wanted 4 or 5 of His slaves over that night so he
could use and abuse them for His pleasure. 



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Mark..


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





