BDSM Library - The Future




The Future
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This story is in two parts. Part I takes place 200 years in the future where the world is controlled entirely by women and males are being slain for food. In addition, many male bodies are stuffed and put on display as well being used to make numerous items. Part II explains how this future world comes into existence.  






THE FUTURE
By C
 PART I
CHAPTER 1

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It is spring, flowers are in full bloom, and the city is bathed in brilliant color. The year is 2240. Anne is bursting with excitement. Her mother has just picked her up from school after what had seemed by far to be the longest day of her life. The time had dragged by as though it was almost standing still, but school is finally over and she is actually on her way to the "ritual". The "ritual" is an event that all girls, throughout the entire world, perform upon reaching their eighteenth birthday. At the completion of this event a girl, in the eyes of society, is considered to be a woman, and eligible to enjoy all of the privileges that come with this esteem honor. Today is Anne's eighteenth birthday. For the past two years she had looked forward, with great longing, to this day finally reaching the magic age.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Anne had not heard of the "ritual" until she reached sixteen. Before that time she had been aware that some type of ceremony was involved, but she had no idea as to what it consisted of. It was common practice in her society for the "ritual" to be explained to a girl on her sixteenth birthday, and Anne was no exception. The "ritual" was not intended to be any type of initiation required to reach womanhood. It had been carefully developed to enable a girl to overcome a sense of uneasiness that most girls began to experience in their mid-teens. Anne had begun to experience this type of uneasiness shortly after she was fifteen. It would come to her in moments of quite and often at night before going to sleep. The feeling did not have a great deal of effect on her overall happiness, but, since she could find no logical explanation for its presence, she could not help but be concerned. Like most girls, Anne had kept it to herself and said nothing about it to anyone.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When the "ritual" was explained, Anne was both surprised and relieved to find out that her feeling of uneasiness was typical for all girls. The reason for its cause was carefully explained in detail along with why the "ritual" would completely eliminate it.
Just understanding the cause made it no longer a concern but her life did not return to normal. The more she thought about the
"ritual" the more intrigued she became. It was foremost in her thoughts and filled her with almost constant excitement and anticipation. Knowledge of the "ritual only served to increase her longing and impatience to reach eighteen.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;For the past several months Anne had received training in the tasks to be accomplished, and she was confident of being able to perform all that would be required. Her heart raced with excitement as she realizes that the time is finally almost upon her. Even now, in her lightheaded condition, it is hard to comprehend that after years and years of waiting she will soon become a woman.

*****

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;We leave Anne for awhile and review a sequence of events that took place several days earlier. A space ship from a far distant future had traveled backward in time until it came to the year 1989. The people in the ship spent a few days observing the actions of some of the male inhabitants of Anne's very city as it existed 236 years previously. After careful observation they selected a young man named John as being their ideal candidate. The ship once again activated its time travel, moved backward to an early morning several days previously, and hovered over a pre-selected location.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;John rose early, took his normal shower, and, as he was drying off, made the usual approving appraisal of his naked twenty four year old body in the full length mirror. As always he liked what he saw. He was extremely proud of his excellent health, his fine physique, his good looks, his devilish smile, and, in what he considered to be an irresistible sex appeal. His final attention lingered with pride on what he considered to be his extremely generous endowment. There was no doubt in his mind that this prominent feature attributed a great deal to his having had more than his fair share of success with members of the opposite sex. John was extremely grateful that he had been blessed with the good fortune to be born male.
  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;John&#8217;s thoughts turned to the lovely young secretary that had started to work at his company several months before. She had received the usual attention from almost all of the eligible, as well as some of the not so eligible, men in the office. She had rejected all of their poorly disguised advances with cool politeness. John, with a certain amount of disdain, had watched them flock around her at every opportunity. He had quickly reorganized her unwillingness toward permissive sex and had used his usual, skillful, patient, non-pressure approach. Yesterday he had finally been successful in making a date for the following Saturday. He knew from experience that it would be necessary to act the perfect gentleman at first, but he had every confidence that, with patience, he would be successful in having this lovely creature share his bed. There was an excellent possibility she would prove to be one of his more memorable experiences. He knew from past encounters that women of her type were capable of suddenly exploding in a wild fury of uncontrollable passion once their virtuous shield had been breached.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;John's conscience did not bother him in his dealings with women. He did not resort to false pretenses and considered himself to be a skillful and unselfish lover. It was extremely rare that one of his sexual encounters did not result in the girl achieving multiple organisms and, at the conclusion, would lay back glowing with a dreamy look of total satisfaction. John deliberately kept most of his relationships short, but, unfortunately, a few women would almost immediately start talking of love. When this happened he would, as gently as possible, put an end to it, but, he knew that he was responsible for more than one broken heart. He felt this to be unfortunate, but he placed no blame upon himself. Women were so emotional and unpredictable that sometimes it could not be avoided regardless of how much he tried to refrain from showing encouragement. John felt that one day a very special woman would come along who would make him want to settle down, but, he had no desire for it to be anytime soon. He was having too much fun at the present playing an extremely enjoyable and plentiful field.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;With the pleasant thought of his latest potential conquest in mind John put on his jogging outfit, went outside, and started his usual morning run. He stopped as always in a small park for a short rest before starting back. Suddenly he was surrounded by what appeared to be a bright light and felt a strange tingling sensation. The next thing he knew he was standing in some type of futuristic looking control room and looking at three figures dressed in what appeared to be bulky space suites complete with helmets. He could not see their faces through the visors and could tell little about them except that they appeared to be human.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They spoke to him in English but their voices came through speakers in the helmets which made them mechanical sounding. They apologized for having to inconvenience him but explained that he had been randomly selected to assist them in an extremely important mission that they were conducting. They told him that even as they spoke they were traveling forward in time and would shortly reach a date that was over two hundred years in the future. His part in the mission was to be placed back into his own city at this future date. He was instructed that his only requirement would be to observe the population and to get his own impressions as to the type of society that existed. It was imperative that he should keep from being observed during this operation, and, for this reason, he would be fitted with a cloaking device that would make him invisible. In this manner he would be able to move about freely without fear of being seen. He was told that after his observations were completed he would be returned to the ship and make a report on what he had seen, what his impressions were, and on any conclusions that he might have arrived at. Afterward he would be returned to his own time, suffering no harm, and would be generously compensated for any inconvenience that might be caused.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;John was told that there were two things that he was strictly forbidden to do. First, regardless of the circumstances, he must do nothing to interfere with anything he saw taking place. Second, he must make no attempt to gain any knowledge of historical events that had transpired between his time and the one he was entering. He must not visit any museums, libraries, newspaper archives, or any other place in which he might obtain this type of information. To do so would give him advance knowledge of upcoming events that would enable him to accurately predict the future once he returned to his own era. This knowledge would not only provide him with a tremendous personal advantage but could conceivably change the course of history. They could not allow this, and if it should happen they would have no alternative but to subject him to an extremely painful treatment that would erase from his memory all recent events. The procedure that would be used was new and not completely reliable. There was a danger that his entire memory could be permanently erased. He was cautioned that all of his activities would be closely monitored and that they would be aware if he failed to follow their instructions
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was again emphasized to John that they had no desire to harm him in the least and that he would be completely safe as long as he followed directions. Their restrictions were not intended in any way to try and keep him from speculating and trying to draw his own conclusions as to causes for anything that he might observe. He was, in fact, strongly encouraged to make every effort to do this and add them to his report. Any conclusions that he could ascertain on his own, even thought they lacked factual validity, could prove to be extremely beneficial to their mission. John was convinced that they were sincere, and he could understand their concerns for not allowing anything to happen that might result in history being altered. This could lead to untold ramifications for future events. The prospect of actually visiting the future intrigued him to no end, and he found himself looking forward to the adventure with a great deal of enthusiasm.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;John was fitted with the cloaking device that consisted of a lightweight metal container, shaped like a small knapsack, which was strapped to his back along with four metal bands that were attached to his wrists and ankles. Soon he was told that they had arrived at the future time and he was instructed to stand in the center of one of a circle on a raised platform. He did so and was again surrounded by a bright light and once again felt the strange tingling sensation. The next thing he knew he was standing in the same small park. It had changed very little and as, before, it was early in the morning. It was as though nothing had happened. He held out his arms and if it had not been for the metal bands on his wrist he might have thought that the whole episode had been nothing but a dream. They had told him that he would be able to see himself but that he would be completely invisible to anyone else. Regardless of the tremendous technological advances of these people he found this hard to believe, and it would have to be proven to him before his doubts would be eliminated.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The park is in walking distance of the downtown area, or at least where John knew the downtown area used to be, and he starts off in that direction. He makes his way along a side street and is struck by the impression that things have changed very little. He wonders if some mistake has not been made. The houses are different but their style is very similar to that of his own time. The vehicles, parked along the street, also appear to be much the same. It is nothing like the futuristic setting that he had expected to find. "For some reason people certainly haven't advanced very much in over two hundred years" he thinks, "things are just like they were". He has no way of knowing how mistaken he is.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Regardless of John's impression, the world had undergone an immense change. Tremendous advances have been made in science and technology. New sources of fuels and energy have been developed to the degree that pollution no longer exists. Advances in medicine had reached the point that the words "terminal illness" have no meaning. There have also been remarkable changes made in the ability of every country in the world to live together in complete harmony and peace. The present populations had no firsthand knowledge of war or violence. Small units of highly skilled armed forces still exist but their function is not to protect countries from each other. They are maintained to provide protection from one remaining potential threat common to all nations, and they had been so successful that it had become exceedingly rare for their services to be called upon. Crime in any form had ceased to exist and police forces were no longer needed. There is no such thing as homeless people or poverty. The leaders of all nations have only the welfare of their citizens at heart and all political policies are established with this one thought in mind. John would be hard pressed to find a single citizen that was not happy and contented with the way things were. In all there had been numerous changes made since the year 1989, but, the most profound change, by far, is in the very way of life itself. It will not take John long to discover that the society that now exists in his city is vastly different from any that the world he knew had ever known.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;John continues down the sidewalk and sees a door open and swing outward in one of the houses ahead. A figure comes out and starts toward him giving him a look at his first member of this future society. There is no doubt that likes what he sees. This member is entirely girl, and she comes swinging along, taking long strides, dressed in a pink skirt and sweater that do nothing to conceal her perfectly proportioned figure. Nearly six feet with long brown hair bobbing to her jaunty stride and glowing with health. She walks past briskly with a finger hooked in the strap of a purse slung over her shoulder. On her lovely face is a tantalizing smile, perhaps of a memory, or anticipation, or maybe appreciation of the day and the refreshing feeling of being lovely and young. John feels a mixture of contented satisfaction at having been fortunate enough to chance upon such a lovely, refreshing, creature and a feels a twinge of envy toward the unknown lucky man that might well be responsible for that telltale smile. John watches her retreating form, with those intriguing motions so natural to women. She turns a corner, and John reluctantly watches her pass from view. It suddenly dawns upon on him that she had passed within several feet of him without showing any reaction whatsoever as to his presence. As hard as it is to believe he must really be invisible.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;John continues and soon passes two more women coming in the opposite direction. They do not compare to the fresh loveliness of the first, but there is no denying that they are also extremely beautiful. Being in the future had done nothing to interfere with John's appreciation of beautiful women. He turns to watch as they walk away, taking in every detail and movement. "After all" he thinks with amusement, "I was sent here to observed the population". These last women had also passed without noticing him confirming the fact that he was truly invisible.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A thought crosses John&#8217;s mind that he could safely enter any of these houses and possibly observe some very intriguing scenery. A picture of the first girl stepping out of a shower, light reflecting from her wet sensuous body, flashes through his mind. He enjoys the sight of a lovely naked female as much as any man, but he is not the peeping-tom type and is not seriously tempted to take undue advantage of his invisibility. In any regard, he had been told that his activity would be closely monitored, and he seriously doubted that this type of "observing" was what the people in the space ship had in mind.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;John resumes his journey without further interruption and soon reaches one of the main streets. It is still named "Central Avenue", and, unlike the side street, is beginning to bustle with early morning activity. John stops and can only gape in amazement.
Everywhere he looks he sees lovely women, and a goodly number of them are breathtakingly beautiful. There is not a single one that he would not classify as being very attractive. They all look healthy, energetic, happy and contented. They all have trim well proportioned figures, even the ones well up in age. He does not see a single individual that he would classify as being either fat or thin. "Boy! One thing has sure changed and it certainly is for the better" thinks John. "I have never seen this many gorgeous women in one place in my entire life. I'm not in the future. I've died and gone to heaven".
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Trying to put things in perspective John assumes that such a dramatic change in women's physical appearance must surely be the result of some type of genetic development. Even in his own time some scientists had expressed confidence that it would only be a matter of time before methods would be discovered that could control physical development. It is quite obvious to John that such methods have not only been developed but had proven to be extremely successful.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;John starts down the street with buoyed spirits continuing to stare in awe. He is so engrossed that he travels for several blocks before it dawns on him that the only people he has seen so far had all been female. He stops and looks intently in every direction and can not find a single man in sight. Even bus, taxi, and truck drivers are women. From what he has seen so far one would think that that the male sex had ceased to exist. This is ridiculous of course, and there has to be a logical explanation. John had found a strange mystery in this new society and is intrigued with the prospect of finding the answer. With this thought in mind he proceeds happily on his way continuing to enjoy the fascinating scenery.&nbsp; 









THE FUTURE
By C

PART I
CHAPTER 2

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;John proceeds down Central Avenue and comes to a group of shops. On an impulse he enters the first shop and suddenly stops in bewildered surprise at the sight of a group of six young men standing together. His surprise is not caused because he has finally observed males in this future society. His surprise comes from the fact that every one of them is naked. He then does a double-take upon seeing that several have full erections. For a few moments he can do nothing but stare in astonishment until he realizes that none of the men have moved. He shakes his head in amusement thinking that they are apparently undressed mannequins. They even have body hair and are certainly the most life-like mannequins that he had ever seen. The purpose for them having genitals leaves him at a loss &#8211; to say nothing for some to be in an aroused state. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; John walks up to one of the figures for a closer inspection of the remarkable craftsmanship. He begins to study the features closely, and a sudden chill sweeps over him as he realizes that it would be almost impossible to manufacture a mannequin to this degree of perfection. The natural way that the hair is attached to the body and the pours, lines, and creases in the skin are just too realistic to be artificial. He then notices a faint incision down the center of the back running from the nape of the neck to just above the buttocks. It is the same for the others with the incisions being so expertly stitched that they are barely noticeable. But, the evidence is clearly there and all doubts are dispelled. He is actually looking at stuffed bodies of humans.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;With a numbed mind John begins to look around the shop, and his next shocking observation is a row of lamps standing on a long table. The base of each lamp is made from the lower portion of a man's body from the waist down and cut off above the knees. The thighs of each one are spread which puts their pubic hair and genitals on full display. Some of the penises are in a flaccid state, some curve out in a partial erection, while others stick out straight and rigid. The bases of the lamps, like the stuffed bodies, are clearly not artificial.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;John feels as if he is in some type of wild dream. His mind is swimming with confusion and disbelief. He looks widely around for some type of explanation but is only greeted by another shocking spectacle. On the far wall are three rows of highly varnished wooden plaques. The plaques on the top row, looking like hunting trophies, contain the mounted heads of young men. Under each head is a complete set of mounted human male sex organs sprouting from thick patches of pubic hair. He can only assume that the genitals belonged to the same bodies that the heads had been taken from. Beneath the top row are two rows of smaller plaques that contain pubic hair and mounted male sex organs only. All of the penises, like those on the stuffed bodies and the lamp bases, are in varying conditions. Some of the shafts hang down in a flaccid state. Others stand out rigid in full erections with swollen, flared heads and gaping holes. The remainder curve outward in varying stages of partial erections. The oval shaped outlines of testicles are clearly visible in each bulging scrotum.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A cold chill creeps into John&#8217;s loins, and he feels an uneasy crawling sensation in his own genitalia as though trying to draw up and seek protection within his body. A strange, weird sensation passes over him as he looks at the row of mounted human heads. As with everything else, the quality of the workmanship is excellent, and the faces look so natural that they give the appearance of being alive and content to gaze out across the room. There are several vacant gaps in each row indicating that the plaques were not meant to be displays but were there to be sold. Even as he watches a young woman comes up and takes a plaque from the second row, looks at it briefly, and then heads toward the checkout counter.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;John is still in a state of disbelief, but he manages to regain a slight semblance of self-control and starts to walk numbly around the shop to see what else he can find. Tacked on the back wall is the tanned hide of a human male. It had been removed from the body starting at the back so that the front is in the center. The sex organs had been stuffed to apparently make them more clearly visible. The small nipples, showing through curly hair on the chest, are erect. Lying on the floor beneath is a stack of similar hides - obviously placed there for purchase.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;By now John has passed the point of being so stunned by each new discovery that he can only gape in astonished disbelief. This time he merely shakes his head in wonder and continues to look around. He walks up to a shelf and sees a pile of coin purses that are clearly made from human scrotums. Next to these are a pile of paperweights made from the skin of men's genitals filled with shot so that the penises and scrotums bulge. John continues looking and sees penises mounted in an erect state being used for handles on such things as carving knives, hair brushes, and umbrellas. He continues his search and sees numerous other items that he either recognizes or suspects being made from men's bodies. It soon became obvious that the body of the human male was the primary source of raw material for the majority of items in the shop. It was also obvious that the primary theme appeared to be ridiculing the male sex with a special emphasis being placed on openly displaying the sex organs in a wide variety of degrading and humiliating ways.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Up to this point, John's only emotions have been those of stunned disbelief and wonder. Now he begins to feel a sense of outrage as he realized all of these humiliating trophies and items had once belonged to living bodies of members from his own sex. The only living bodies in the shop now however, besides his invisible form, are female. Up to now, he had been so stunned and astounded that he paid only scant attention to others in the shop. He finally calms down enough to become aware of their presence and notices that the shop is quite crowded. He starts to pay special attention to their activity and once again experiences a sense of disbelief and wonder at seeing women shoppers of varying age casually browsing through this astonishing merchandise. Their unruffled manner appears no different to women shoppers from his own time, and none show the slightest degree of hesitation or embarrassment - even when purchasing the more explicit trophies or items. Once again he can only stare in bewildered dismay. Most women of his era tend to become embarrassed by any type of display that is explicitly sexual in nature. But, of far grater importance, the vast majority are gentle and caring - especially when it comes to what would be considered inhumane treatment. These women, on the other hand, seem totally indifferent to the fact that men had to die before the items that they are casually browsing through could be made.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;John slowly walks out of the shop and starts down the street searching his mind in an effort to find a rational explanation for the astounding scene that he had just witnessed. It comes to him that he has no evidence that the men whose bodies had contributed to the merchandise in the shop had been deliberately killed for that purpose. It is possible that they could have died from accidents or natural causes. There is one troubling thing that bothers him with this theory. The bodies that had been stuffed whole had all belonged to young men with large, extremely impressive, physiques and appeared to have been in excellent health at the time of death. With the exception of the incision down their backs there were no other marks that would indicate that they had died in an accident. But, they could have possibly drowned or died in some other accidental manner that would have left no outward marks.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Another thing that strikes John as being unusual is the impressive size of all of the genitals that he had seen. Very few men, if any, from his time could equal them, and they put his own, in which he placed such immense pride, to shame. He had been so stunned in the shop that he had not put much thought in this direction and had assumed that the men had been specifically selected because of their generous endowment. John remembers the remarkable change in the physical appearance in the women that he has seen. If women have changed so dramatically then it stands to reason that men would also have undergone significant changes in physical development. The size of the genitals that he had observed might well be commonplace on men in this era.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A plausible explanation comes to John which makes him begin to feel slightly better. Perhaps this society does not place the same amount of reverence and respect toward the deceased as in his own time. They could also be much more tolerant of weird groups and just let them do their own thing as long as it did not interfere with others. That had to be the answer. He had, by chance, selected a shop whose clientele was some type of radical feminist group that was obsessed with degrading and humiliating the male sex. These women were allowed to achieve their bizarre goal by letting them purchase and utilize bodies of men that died from natural or accidental causes. There is one thing, however, about this theory that disturbs John. It is hard to imagine the male population, wherever they are, allowing a group of radical women to so blatantly ridicule their manhood in public regardless of how tolerant this society might try to be. John then remembers that he is over two hundred years in the future, and there is no reason to assume that men still thought or reacted in the same manner as that to which he is accustomed.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;John feels satisfied that he has found a logical explanation to what he had witnessed even if it does border on the bizarre. One thing is for sure. This society is totally unlike any that he would ever have imagined, and it is going to take a major effort on his part to find a rational explanation as to how it had come to exist. Certainly, one of his primary tasks will be to locate the male population and try to gain some insight as to what they are like. They have to be somewhere, and he is confident that it will only be a matter of time before he finds them. He feels a renewed sense of determination and intrigue to find an answer to this baffling mystery.









THE FUTURE
By c

PART I
CHAPTER 3

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;John had been so engrossed in trying to find an explanation for what he had seen that he paid little attention to his surroundings as he walked down the street. His satisfaction with the answer he has come up with, and his renewed sense of determination does not bring him back to normal, however. His bizarre episode in the shop had been far to shocking to allow this to happen regardless of how logical the answer might be. He sees a&nbsp; supermarket ahead and is heartened by its familiar looking appearance. He is anxious to be around sane, ordinary people conducting normal activities and quickens his pace. A feeling of relief sweeps over him as he enters the store and sees that the interior is much the same as a typical supermarket from his own time. There is little difference in the appearance of the merchandise on the shelves, and he feels good to be in a place that has such familiar surroundings. Even the check-out counters are similar. Cool air bathes his face and his heart, that had been racing so furiously a shout while ago, is rapidly returning to normal. Even the fact that the only shoppers he sees are women does not seem out of place in this type of atmosphere. He wanders around the store finding nothing unusual. Women are pushing carts containing canned goods, jars, boxed items, packaged meat, paper goods, and other typical items that would be expected. Nothing seems out of the ordinary, and the peaceful familiar looking surroundings work on him like an elixir.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; John eventually reaches the back of the store where the meat counter is located. He strolls down the counter looking at packaged kidneys, liver, racks of ribs, various types of steaks, and packages of ground meat. About the only thing that he takes notice is that all of the cuts have a distinctive texture which obviously came from only one source. Everything looks to be of exceptional quality, similar to beef, except for having a darker, richer texture. He does not give the matter a great deal of thought. It should be expected that the quality of meat would be noticeably improved in this length of time.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Nothing else makes an impression, and John starts to turn and leave as he comes to the roast section. "I've wasted enough time" he thinks, "it&#8217;s time to get on with what I came here for." He turns to leave and is halfway around before he catches a glimpse of a scene that stops him in his tracks. He turns back, his eyes grow wide, and his mouth gapes open. He stares in disbelief - his mind refusing to comprehend what his eyes are telling him. The cold chills he had experienced earlier in the shop are nothing compared what gripes him now as he is forced to accept the stunning sight before him. He is looking at a woman who is calmly holding up and examining a cellophane warped package of meat whose unique shape can only be that of a human male buttock. The woman puts it back on a pile of similar packages that John recognizes as being all the same, men's rumps. The woman picks up another buttock that meets with her satisfaction, places it in her cart, and leaves.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Once again John's mind races in numbed, confused, disbelief. He stands gaping for several minutes before he is able to regain enough composure and find the courage to continue down the counter to see what other items remain. It does not get any better. Next to the pile of buttocks, also wrapped in cellophane, is another pile of meat that are whole portions of upper thighs. Again it is obvious that these also could only have come from human male bodies. John is in a complete daze as he continues and sees a pile of shoulder roasts. They are all large and meaty, and, like the other roast, clearly were taken from men's bodies. The next items would have expelled any lingering doubts from John's mind if any had remained. He sees several stacks cellophane wrapped styrofoam&nbsp; trays. Each tray contains two pieces of meat that resemble mound shaped stakes. They have skin on them that is covered with curly hair with a small nipple in the center. He is actually looking at the breasts of human males. One of the breast in each package has a hole in it giving evidence as to the cause of death.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;John would not have thought it possible for anything to shock him more than what he has just seen, but he is only moments away from experiencing a shock of far greater proportions. He comes to the final items on the counter and his mind again goes numb - refusing to believe his eyes. When conscious recognition finally arrives it comes with such force that the jolt is like being hit in the solar plexus. He can only stare in total disbelief at the contents that lay passively in styrofoam trays, warped tightly in cellophane. The contents of each tray are all the same, three sets of severed human male genitals. The thick shafts intertwine with each other with portions of the flared ridges that define the cone shaped heads being pressed flat by the stretched plastic. The rounded surface of smooth, shiny, silvery colored testicles protrude from the loose skin of scrotums that had been cut open at the top. The moist ends of the tubes, hanging from these oval shaped male glands, and the obvious freshness of dark red severed roots, protruding a surprising length beyond the skin covering the flaccid shafts, is clear evidence that every one of these sets of genitals had only recently hung from between the legs of a living man's body.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;John again begins to feel the uncomfortable crawling sensation in his own genitalia as though trying to draw up for protection inside of his body. The profound shock of what he had just experienced is almost equaled when two young women come up and, with an air of casual indifference, begin to pick up the trays and inspect their contents. They mash them with their fingers and even squeeze some of the shafts through the wrapping as though trying to determine the firmness. They finally make their selections, and each puts a package into her cart and leaves. John can only stare in amassment. Their actions and total lack of emotion were the same as women from his own time would have displayed in selecting packages of cut up chicken.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;For a while, John is unable to tear his eyes away from the contents in the trays in front of him. His numb mind tries to estimate the number and he realizes that they contain the genitals of well over a hundred men. A picture of a group this size flashes through his mind and the thought of its magnitude staggers his imagination. A strange sensation comes over him at the realization that the very manhood of a large group of men, a group whose combined power would be tremendous, had been reduced to what now lays placidly before him on this small section of a meat counter. Man has always regarded this part of his body as his most prized possession and looked upon it with a fierce pride. Now, over a hundred of these prized possessions that so distinctly identify the male sex, the very symbol of male dominance and strength, lay before him in a single pile. They appear almost docile as they intermingle with each other and allow themselves to be inspected and selected by members of their opposite sex. A sex that is not only far weaker, but has been submissive to the desires of these very organs for thousands upon thousands of years.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;There is no way John can deny the significance of what he has seen on this meat counter, and he is forced to accept a horrible yet undeniable truth. His previous theory, that he had so painstakingly established, has been completely shattered. Even if he had not seen the telltale holes in the breasts it is inconceivable to assume that these men had died from accidental or natural causes. These men had, without a doubt, been deliberately slaughtered in large numbers, and, regardless of how difficult it is to comprehend, there can be only one reason for their meat to be sold openly like this in an ordinary supermarket. The calm routine manner that the women had displayed in selecting packages of human male flesh only served to confirm this undeniable reason. The meat is clearly intended to be taken home, cooked, and then eaten. As hard as it is to accept, this also includes the contents of the cellophane warped styrofoam trays at the end of the counter. The women of this society actually eat the flesh and sex organs of members of their opposite sex. There can be no other explanation. John realizes that he has actually been placed in a society where men are killed in order to put meat on tables. His shocked, bewildered, mind can not begin to imagine how such a barbaric custom could have possible come about in a future age such as this &#8211; and, in his very own city.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;John is reeling in total confusion and disbelief. He is incapable of any semblance of rational or logical thought. All he wants is to get away as fast as possible and find a place of solitude in an attempt to regain his sanity. He rushes toward the entrance and blindly passes a large cooler full of plastic jugs filled with white liquid. He had seen the cooler earlier but paid little attention thinking the jugs contained nothing but milk. In his present anguished state he does not even notice them this time. His only thought is in escape and he flees through the door as fast as possible.









THE FUTURE
By C

PART I
CHAPTER 4

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;John rushes out of the supermarket and blindly goes down a side street. His mind is a reeling mass of jumbled, confused, thoughts. He notices nothing around him until he comes to a wooded area that looks familiar and causes him to hesitate. He recognizes where he is. This same area was also wooded in own his time and he had spent a great deal of time there since childhood. He knows that a large stream runs through the center and that there is, or at least was, a particularly peaceful spot with a large rock beside the stream. He had spent many tranquil hours sitting on that rock. He finds a trail leading into the woods and soon finds the place he is looking for.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The large rock is still there, and the peaceful surroundings had changed little. A strange feeling comes over him, it is almost as though he is back in his own time. He gratefully sits on the smooth surface, as he had done many times before, and blankly looks at the stream flowing over rocks. Even in this peaceful, familiar, atmosphere his mind continues to reel and ask the same unanswered questions over and over. "What on earth could have possibly have happened to cause such atrocious things to be taking place? How can they possibly be taking place in my very own city? How can men allow themselves to be treated in such a barbaric manner by women? What possible reason could women have for doing these outrageous things? How can they bring themselves to eat meat from men's bodies and, especially, to actually eat men's dicks and nuts?"
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It takes quite a while before John is finally able to get a grip on himself and realize that he is getting nowhere. He must at least try and think rationally regardless of what he has seen. He was brought here for a purpose and becoming hysterical will not help at all. For a while, he just looks at the stream playing over the rocks, listens to the refreshing gurgle, and allows the soothing, almost hypnotic, effect to calm his shattered nerves.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The first thing that comes to John's mind is to try and determine exactly what is expected of him. When he was on the space ship, everything had happened so suddenly that he had not had much time to think. The shocking discoveries that he has made since arriving had left him so completely dazed that the purpose for his being here had hardly crossed his mind. Certainly he was not brought here so that the people in the space ship could find out what was going on. Any civilization so advanced that they can travel through time will no doubt have the capability to find out far more about this society that he could possibly hope to discover. In all probability they not only already know everything that is going on but also know the reasons why. They had to be after something else unless they were playing some type of cruel joke, which didn't seem practical. What did they really want from him?
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; He remembers that although he was forbidden to look at historical records he was encouraged to speculate and to try and form his own opinions. Was this their main objective? If so why? For some reason they have taken him, a man from a society primarily controlled by males, and placed him in a future society that is so completely dominated by females that they actually prey upon their male counterparts. This has to be the key although John is not exactly sure how it fits. Whatever their reasons might be, they want him to observe, and they want him to speculate and draw his own conclusions. The people in that ship are his only means of returning to his own time. He is completely at their mercy, and, like it or not, he has no option but to try and satisfy them as much as possible. He has made some shocking discoveries, and, regardless of how totally unbelievable they are, he should think them over in as logical of manner as possible and see what conclusions he can draw. The only way to start is to take things one at a time.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;First of all, from what he has observed so far, John wonders how extensive is this unbelievable treatment toward members of his sex. He has seen unbelievable displays and merchandise made from men's bodies being openly sold in a shop and human male meat and genitals in a supermarket. It is too much of a coincidence to assume that the first two places that he randomly entered were, by chance, the only ones in the city that sold such items. He feels fairly safe in concluding that it must be common practice throughout the city. In the same light, it is highly doubtful that a city would be allowed to treat men in such a horrendous fashion unless it was practiced throughout the country. Is this enough to assume that men are being treated like this all over the world? At this point, he can&#8217;t say for sure, but there are some fairly obvious conclusions that can be drawn. What he had seen was done so openly that it would have to be common knowledge everywhere. Even if other countries do not actually practice these activities they at least condoned them. To John, this can mean only one thing. Women, in all probability, control the entire world. It is inconceivable to imagine that if any countries governed by men still remained that they would stand by and tolerate such humiliating, inhumane, treatment against members of their own sex without intervening. If women control all countries, and they condone this unbelievable treatment, then there is a good chance that at least some, if not all, carry out similar activities themselves.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Regardless of how widespread this practice might or might not be, John feels confident in his conclusion that somehow women have taken over the entire world. How could this possibly have happened? How are women able to maintain their total control and, at the same time, treat the male sex in such a horrendous manner without having the men revolt? John searches his mind but can not find a logical explanation. He can think of only one way. As ridiculous as it may seem, the entire male population is being held in confinement.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A picture of the plentiful supply of meat flashes through his mind. There is no doubt that it had come from human males. The cut sections on all items had the same distinctive texture. If the plentiful quantity of meat that he had seen in this one store is typical everywhere, then it will require an extremely large male population to maintain such a supply. Men would have to greatly outnumber the female population. This line of reasoning makes John begin to doubt his idea that the practice could be carried out on a worldwide scale. If this were the case, men would have to be slaughtered by the thousands on a daily basis. Even if was somehow possible for women to keep such a massive population of males in captivity, the men would surely become suspicious when large numbers of their ranks disappeared on a regular basis. Sooner or later, they would find out at least part of what was going on and revolt. They would be desperate, and, with their superior strength and numbers, it is hard to imagine that they would not be successful. John can not think of any way that women could maintain such a ruthless, dominating control over men unless the female population greatly outnumbered the male. This line of thought rules out his theory that the practice is conducted throughout the world. Yet, why would a few female controlled societies be allowed to carry out such an outrageous practice against men while the remaining condoned it but abstained from practicing it themselves? He can not think of any rational explanation.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;John realizes that he is not making much progress. His only conclusions, so far, are that women control the world and that a few of the societies carry out this atrocious practice against men. If he is going to have any success he needs to try and find plausible theories for two main questions. The first question is what event took place that allowed women to gain total domination of the world and cause them to expel males from their societies. Men have been dominate over women for many thousands of years. Women, for the most part, have been submissive to this domination even when it has caused them nothing but endless hardships and suffering. It is not part of the nature of the female sex for some of their members to be obsessed with an unquenchable lust for power that has griped so many men throughout history. Something happened that dramatically changed feminine nature in this respect. Something happened that made them rise up around the world and revolt against male rule after being submissive to it for thousands of years. Something happened that made women not only seek total supreme power but also to completely exclude men from their society in the process. Something happened that made it possible for women to achieve this seemingly impossible goal with astonishing success. Two hundred plus years might be a long time for some things, but it is extremely short for such a dramatic reversal to take place. Whatever it was, it surely had to be sudden, unexpected, worldwide, and catastrophic. He is confident in his conclusion that women would have to greatly
outnumber men before they could seize such total control of the world. For this to take place, the catastrophic event would have to be aimed primarily at males and result in drastically reducing the male population far below that of the female. John thinks this over and can only come up with three types of catastrophes that would have a worldwide devastating effect on population, atomic war, widespread famine, or some type of new and uncontrollable plague.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;An atomic war would have the same devastating effect on both sexes, and John can not think of any scenario that would give women a superior advantage. The next thing is famine. It is possible that the "greenhouse effect" had become a reality and caused a massive famine on a worldwide scale. If it was drastic enough it might have reached the point where people, out of desperation, were forced to start eating the flesh of others who had perished. John had heard of this happening in groups of people that had become stranded without an adequate food supply. This theory lends support for providing a reason as to how the practice of eating human flesh could have gotten started. But a famine, as with an atomic war, would have the same devastating effect on&nbsp; women as men. Again, as with atomic war, He can think of no way for a famine to give women a superior advantage.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The only thing left is plague. Some type of new, widespread, highly contagious, disease that primarily effected human males might have broken out. The male population could possibly have become completely decimated with members of the power structure succumbing to the disease along with the rest. Men would no longer be able to govern with effectiveness and total turmoil would be in danger of breaking out. Women would have no alternative but to take over the responsibilities of running their respective countries. After they were in control of things for awhile they might have found that they were enjoying not being suppressed by a dominating male society. They might convene a worldwide summit in a effort to devise a plan that would enable them to maintain control after the effects of the plague had passed. They would no doubt know that if they took no action that men would again take control once the male population became sufficiently regenerated. After all, men are superior in strength and capable of acts of extreme violence when it serves their purpose.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The women leaders might have decided that their only chance of maintaining permanent control would be to place the entire male population into captivity while the numbers were still small. They would know, however, that this method would soon fail if the male population was allowed to become so large that it became unmanageable. One way to keep this from happening would be to devise a method of controlling the size of the male population. They would no doubt consider many alternatives, in the end, the only sure method that they could come up with would be to systemically slaughter the excessive number of males leaving only enough to be able to continue propagation.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;John considers that his theory has some degree of plausibility up to a point, but it falls apart at the end. Women would be incapable of undertaking such inhumane action toward men unless there was a sudden and dramatic change in the very nature of the female sex. Women in a few of the more oppressive societies might be extremely desperate to maintain their freedoms, but it is doubtful even they would be capable of such drastic action. Women in the majority of countries might not be completely satisfied with the way they had been treated, but not to the extent that they would consider taking such drastic action to expel men from society to prevent the return of male influence on their lives. The theory might account for providing a way that women could take control on a temporary basis, but that is as far as it goes. It certainly does not account for the unbelievable actions of this female society in which he has been placed. Something else of dramatic and worldwide proportions had to have happened to lead to this. Something had to have happened that resulted in the very nature of the female sex being dramatically changed. Nothing in his theory would have effected the basic nature of women, and nothing in it provides an answer to his second main question. If he can establish a theory for this second question it might help him identify what the dramatic event that took place might possibly have been.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The second question is obvious. After women managed to gain total dominant control, regardless of the circumstances, why did they start the practice of making humiliating and degrading displays from men's bodies and, of far grater significance, start eating male flesh. John had never heard of any culture that ate human flesh and made souvenirs from their victim&#8217;s bodies except for remote primitive native tribes. There have been many civilizations guilty of practicing atrocious and barbaric acts, but he had never heard of any that sanctioned eating their fellow man. Yet, here it is being practiced in his very own city, two hundred years in the future, by a modern civilized female society. Their bizarre actions are far more contrary to a woman's basic nature that the mere act of becoming obsessed with an unquenchable desire for power. Most women in his era are caring and compassionate. They do not possess the trait for enjoying violence and cruelty that, unfortunately, exists in far too many members of the male sex. John is under no illusion that women are capable of such actions when they feel it justified. If a woman is sufficiently provoked she can be extremely deadly and completely devoid of mercy. When this happens, however, the acts are directed only at those who had wronged them, and their basic compassionate nature toward others remains unchanged. Something happened to reverse this nature as far as women's attitude toward men is concerned. What could it possibly have been?
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;John begins to speculate and the thought that possibly a combination of famine and plague might have taken place. The famine could have come first. Death would be widespread among people and animals alike causing the unsanitary conditions that is ripe for disease. One of the diseases could have been the worldwide plague that attacked primarily the human male. Men would start dying in great numbers, while the female population would be suffering and starving from the famine. Out of desperation, women would be forced to turn to eating the one source of meat that had suddenly become available in large quantity. This theory, like the first that he had considered, is plausible only up to a point. It does not answer the question as to why women, in some places at least, would resort to deliberately killing men in order to continue the practice after the famine was over. Nothing in the scenario that he had developed provides an answer. Nothing in it would have changed women's basic nature for compassion. This theory would only serve to increase women's compassion when they saw countless men dying about them -, many of whom would be sons, fathers, husbands and lovers.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Try as he might, nothing that John can think of even begins to provide an answer. Something of traumatic portions had to have taken place - of that he is certain. Something has changed women from being the caring and compassionate creatures that they had once been. There is no denying the significance of what he had witnessed. Even though he had seen it with his own eyes it is still hard for him to believe. He searches his mind in vain. How can these women of a civilized society bring themselves to eat the flesh of a human male? Above all, how can they possibility bring themselves to actually eat male genitals? He had heard of testicles from livestock, jokingly called mountain oysters, being eaten, but he had never heard of the penis of any animal being used for food. This would not be the case unless this particular organ was considered undesirable. How then, are these women able to bring themselves to eat them?
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;John searches his mind. There is only one answer that he can think of, and the degrading displays that he has seen helps bear it out. If, for some reason, women developed an extreme hatred toward men then they might consider the act of eating male flesh, and especially male genitals, the ultimate humiliation of men and a satisfying display of their own feminine superiority. But what could possibly have caused women to hate men to such a profound degree. He is well aware of the fact that many women in his own time are resentful of the treatment that they receive from a male dominated society, and a few express open hostility. But, even the most radical of these women would never contemplate doing any of the astounding things that he had witnessed. There are, of course, women in his time that had suffered physical abuse from men and some that are brutally raped. These might well feel hatred toward all men, but, fortunately, the majority of women are not subjected to such treatment.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;John can think of nothing that would suddenly cause the vast majority of women to have an extreme hatred toward the male sex. He had noticed nothing in the actions of the women of this society that indicated that they contained even a small amount of hatred. For most of the time, he had been so shocked that he had not been capable of observing the women closely. One thing that he did notice, in both the shop and the supermarket, was the casual, almost indifferent, attitude that the women had shown. The explicit displays indicate that they enjoy seeing the male body and, especially the sex organs, being subjected to ridicule, but, he had not seen any sign of triumphant gloating that would be expected if these women did indeed contained a deep, burning, hatred toward men.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;John searches his mind for any other theories but can find none. He realizes that he knows very little about this female society except that it's members are extremely attractive, that they make incomprehensible displays from men's bodies, and that they eat human male flesh and genitals. His primary interest in the women he observed upon first arriving had been sexual admiration. This had come to an abrupt halt when he had entered that first shop. Since that time, he had been too stunned and bewildered to observe very much of anything about them other than being astounded at the calm manner in which they accepted their unbelievable surroundings. What were they like aside from their treatment of men? He really had very little knowledge as to what their feelings were even in this regard. What are these women like in their normal everyday activities? What types of recreation do they enjoy? What type of inner feelings do their actions suggest? In what ways do they compare with women from his own time? Just how extensive is the practice of making displays from men's bodies, and what are they used for? Is the practice of eating human male flesh really as widespread throughout the city as he has speculated?
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;John begins to feel a sense of irritation toward himself at how little he really knows about this society into which he has been placed. He has wasted a great deal of time trying to develop elaborate theories with practically nothing to go on. Whatever the
people in the space ship expect from him must surely be a great deal more than the small amount of knowledge that he has been able to obtain. He has got to start behaving like the man he knows himself to be. He must go back and observe the activities of this society and it's members no matter how shocking some of these activities might turn out to be. He must maintain self control and make rational observations - regardless of the circumstances. He must make every attempt to gain some insight into how this society lives and why. Above all, he must try and find some logical reason for the treatment given to men. He no longer expects to find men living openly, but they have to be out there somewhere. If he can find out where, he should be able to discover what means are used to control them so effectively and with such dominance.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He stands up and takes a final glance at his peaceful and familiar surroundings. He takes a deep breath and, with a renewed sense of resolve, sets off. He is determined to make every attempt to find out everything he can about this society, and to have the courage to face any adversities that he might encounter - regardless of how shocking they may be.









THE FUTURE
By C

PART I
CHAPTER 5

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;John leaves the cool shade of the woods and blinks as he walks into the sunlight. He retraces his steps along the side street until once again on Central Avenue and headed toward the downtown area. As he walks along, he looks intently at first one and then another of the women he passes. This time, his interest is primarily in trying to observe their manner rather than admiring their beauty. He soon notices that they differ from women of his own time in more ways than physical attractiveness. Practically every one that he sees has a happy, pleasant, expression on her face combined with a look of contentment. They nod and speak to one another with such warmth and friendliness that it is obvious the feelings are genuine. In John's era, women would go about their business in a rush and hardly acknowledge each other. The genuine caring and warmth being displayed makes it hard to comprehend these same women being able to carry out such barbaric treatment being given to men.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Reality is brought back when he passes the windows of a large furniture store. The displays are set up to represent suggested decor in different rooms of a home such as living, dining, kitchen or bedroom. There is a single, prominent, theme present in every one of the settings - regardless of the style or type of room. This theme is to vividly display the male body in a variety of degrading and humiliating ways. Many of the items are like those he had seen in the shop. Hanging from walls are trophies of heads mounted on plaques with genitals underneath, and, of greater number, smaller plaques that contain only mounted sex organs. Hides are stretched on walls while others lie on floors being used as rugs. The bases of table lamps are the same as in the shop. There are also floor lamps made from headless, stuffed bodies with lighted shades protruding from necks. The ends of coffee tables are supported by lower torsos with spread thighs. The penises on the wide variety of displays, like in the shop, range from being flaccid to that of partial and full erections. The backs of leather chairs are made from hides taken from men's chest - complete with curly hair and nipples. Some of the chairs are recliners and, in addition to the above feature, the levers on the sides are erect penises.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The knobs on cabinet drawers and doors are the ends of penises with the ridges around the swollen heads providing excellent handholds. In a foyer setting, John sees the stuffed body of a young man with an extremely impressive erection. He is standing beside a small table with a mahogany top that is attached to the lower half of a body, cut off at the waist to below the knees, whose endowment is also in a fully aroused condition. A row of erect penises, attached to a narrow piece of varnished mahogany, serve as pegs for hanging coats.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;John again finds himself experiencing a weird, creepy, sensation from looking at an unbelievable variety of displays and items made from men's bodies. This time, however, he is able to maintain at least some degree of composure. He observes that, as before, the size of all of the genitals, even those that are flaccid, is extremely impressive, and the stuffed bodies all have splendid physiques. Also, as before, all are young and look to have been in their late teens or early twenties at the time of death.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He remembers that one of his primary goals is to try and gain some insight into the basic nature of the women in this society. He knows that this can not be accomplished by continuing to gape at the shocking displays. He forces himself to look away and begins to study the actions of the women on the sidewalk as they pass. Most stroll by, taking only a casual glance, but some stop for a while to look.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;At first glance, the actions appear much the same as women from John's time would display when "window shopping". After a closer observation, however, he notices that the exposed manhood&nbsp; seems to be getting most of the attention. He looks carefully at the expressions and does not see any evidence of resentment or hostility. None of their eyes flash with looks of either anger or triumph at seeing males ridiculed before them. He can not say for sure, but the looks on most of the faces give the appearance of having feelings of pride combined with sexual interest.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The impression is given to John that, even though these women are accustomed to seeing male bodies displayed in such astonishing ways, their manner strongly indicates that they are not quite as casual and indifferent as he first thought. One thing is certain beyond all doubt, however, and that is the fact that every one these women readily accept men being treated in such an unbelievable fashion. When he searched each face, he had particularly looked for any sign of sympathy for the dire fate that had been suffered, and he did not seen the slightest hint of any such emotion. These women certainly know the cold reality of death, but, as far as men are concerned, they obviously could care less.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;John watches a few more minutes and then continues his journey to the downtown area. He feels a sense of satisfaction that this time he did not let such astounding sights interfere with his ability to observe. There is no longer the slightest doubt in his mind that making trophies and merchandise from male bodies is a widespread practice in this female society. He is not ready to start trying to draw any conclusions, but he feels he is at least beginning to have a slight insight into their nature. He is mystified by an apparent conflict in this nature that allows them to accept such horrendous treatment being given to men while, at the same time, openly displaying deep compassion in other areas. But, He is not overly disturbed that he has not found an answer to such a puzzling question at this early stage. He feels that he is making progress, and his confidence is growing. He will try to remain aware of his surroundings in an effort to find clues that might help provide answers to at least some of his many questions.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He comes to a refined looking restaurant and stops at a large window to look inside. It is still fairly early and only a few tables are occupied. Two women, seated at a table directly in front of him, get his attention. The women, though very attractive, are obviously middle age. They are well dressed and exhibit the distinct air of being members of the upper class. It was this look of prestige that caught his attention. This is his first chance to observe the actions of two such members of this society up close. He does not have anything in particular that he is looking for, but he decides to stay and watch them for a few minutes. They are both eating a salad and each has a glass that he assumes contains milk.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The women are engaged in a casual back and forth conversation, pausing occasionally to take a bite. A waitress comes up bearing a large tray containing the main order. She places several bowls of vegetables and a large plate with a metal cover in front of each woman. She refills the glasses and it is then that John notices that the white liquid pours with a much thicker consistency than milk. It looks vaguely familiar, but he does not give it much thought.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The waitress lifts the metal covers, places them on her tray, and leaves. John is not aware of her final actions, however. When the covers had been removed his total attention had been directed to the contents on the plates. For several minutes, his resolve to remain calm and rational is completely shattered. Once again, his mind goes numb. Both of the women had ordered the same entree. In the center of each plate is a roasted human penis. They are lying on their side in a curved position with steam rising from the thick, glistening, shafts.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It is only with supreme effort that John is able to regain some semblance of control. He keeps telling himself that he is only seeing confirmation of something that he had already concluded. Still, convincing himself earlier that such activity was going on did nothing to dampen the impact of actually seeing it take place. This fact is especially true in the unbelievable setting in which it is occurring. Two prominent looking women, sitting in a plush, public restaurant opposite a large window next to a busy sidewalk have a typical looking waitress, in a nonchalant manner, place plates in front of them that actually contain roasted human penises. John continues to experience a weird, detached sensation even after he has regained the ability to again think with at least some degree of logic. He has no control, however, over the uneasy crawling sensation that is once again taking place in his own genitalia.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;John is so stunned that he completely misses seeing the looks of pleasure that cross the women's faces when the metal covers had been removed. Even when his senses return, his attention remains riveted on the plates and not the women who, after their initial inspection and approval, resume conversing while finishing their salads. He is unable to keep himself from studying every detail of the male organs that lay in front of him. The skin on both has been removed, and the color of the roasted shafts is golden brown with the heads being a darker shade. The flesh on both is wet with cooked juices that reflect the overhead lights. The thick shafts are swollen - giving the appearance of being partially erect. The head on the one to his left is pointed away and he can see the severed end of the root with the opening of the urethra clearly visible. The head on his right is pointed directly at him. The hole is partially open from which a thin stream of clear juices trickle out.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The activity of the women picking up their knives and forks catches John's attention and makes him realize that it is important for him to observe their actions as they consume this unbelievable meal. He finds it impossible, though, to take his attention entirely away from the staggering sight that lay on the plates. This makes it difficult for him to try and observe both women. He settles on a compromise and decides to direct most of his attention to the one on his right. She starts at the root and slices off a piece, about three-quarters of an inch thick, and then cuts it in half.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; John can not help but notice how easily she cut through the flesh. Either the knife is a great deal sharper than it looks, or a penis is not nearly as stringy and tough as he thought. The women sticks her fork into one of the severed pieces, and he watches her face intently as she places it in her mouth. He is surprised to see an age-old reaction of giving a slight nod combined with a smile of pleasure - a smile that is associated with savoring the initial taste of a choice delicacy. He notes, out of the corner of his eye, that the other woman had also started at the root and, at the first bite, had expressed a similar reaction.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Both women remain quite for a short while as they cut and consume several more pieces of the shafts. The ease with which they chew and swallow makes it obvious that the meat indeed has to be tender. They then slow down and resume their conservation. John experiences a strange sensation at the sight of the woman on his right absently waving her fork through the air, with a piece of a man's penis stuck to it, as she tries to emphasize a point. She stops only long enough to put it in her mouth, chew several times, and swallow before resuming her conservation. He notices that each time the women presses on the shaft with her fork, to hold it in place as she cuts off another piece, that the hole in the head opens larger, and a heavier stream of clear juice bubbles out.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It is not long before the only items left on both plates are the cone shaped heads. It is at this point that the actions of both women become the same. All conversation ceases and their undivided attention is directed at the remaining object on their plates. Each woman sticks her fork into the head, holds it up, and gazes intently at the flared shape as though trying to see how far she can look into the open hole. Both then put the tips in their mouths and suck as though trying to get out the last of the remaining juices. They return the heads to the plates and stand them on end. Their actions had so duplicated each other that the appearance was given of performing some type of ritual.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;John again gives the women on his right his primary attention. She looks down at the head for several moments before placing her fork on the top to hold it while cutting it lengthwise down the center. One piece falls on it&#8217;s side and John can see that the interior has a much juicer and richer texture than that of the shaft. The urethra, which had been sliced lengthwise, swells into a bulb like shape after entering the head and then narrows as it reaches the tip. The woman sticks this half with her fork and raises it to her mouth. She closes her eyes, hesitates for a moment with a look of anticipation on her face, and then, almost lovingly, slides it into her mouth and slowly begins to chew. John can not believe the look that comes over her face. It almost radiates with an expression of extreme satisfying pleasure. She continues to chew slowly as though trying to prolong the taste as long as possible. The procedure is repeated with the remaining half and she displays the same degree of obvious enjoyment. A few quick glances at the other woman revealed experiencing a similar enjoyment. Their actions dispelled any thoughts that a human penis is undesirable as a source of food. There is no doubt that these two women have just finished an extremely delicious and enjoyable meal.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The women drain the contents of their glasses, stand, pick up their checks and pocketbooks, and leave. John continues to stare at the plates that are now empty except for the surfaces being wet with cooked juices. It is all that remains of what had shortly before been two impressive symbols of the male sex. Impressive symbols that had lain passively on plates as two middle age women cut, chewed and swallowed them. These impressive symbols of manhood are now inside female bodies and, at this very moment, are undergoing the digestive process that will transform them into becoming the flesh of a woman.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; John's attention is drawn to white trails of liquid running down the inside of one of the glasses. All of a sudden he realizes with a shock why it looks so familiar. He had seen this color and consistency on numerous occasions after masturbating. He can only shake his head at the realization that women use seamen as a form of beverage. He has seen to many astonishing things this day, however, to be overly surprised at this latest discovery.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He continues to gaze idly at the table until a young woman comes up and starts picking up the dishes. Only then does he turn and leave - his mind in deep thought. If he had been so mistaken about the desirability of a human penis as a source of food, he might be equally mistaken in his assumption of the remainder of a man&#8217;s body being of poor quality. The women in this society might be eating male flesh for the simple reason that it is extremely delicious. Such a thought is almost impossible to comprehend, but, from what he has just seen, it is certainly within the realm of possibility.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; John walks for several blocks before he is able to break away from these thoughts, and he gives himself a short lecture. He can not get so carried away that he looses track of what has set out to accomplish. He has a great deal to discover and can only do it by continuing his observations with a clear mind. He once again begins noticing his surroundings and the women passing by. But, try as he might, he is unable to keep his mind from straying and dwelling upon the thought that every one he sees has undoubtedly eaten meals identical to what he had just witnessed. He finds himself looking at one woman after another and wondering at how many of them are, at that very moment, in the process of digesting a man's penis. It is only gradually that he manages to decrease the number of times that these thoughts occur, and he is finally able to once again start directing his attention to the business at hand.










THE FUTURE
By C

PART I
CHAPTER 6

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;For the next few hours John explored his city and discovered it anew as it existed in this future age. It goes without saying that he made many startling discoveries. As he approached the downtown area he noticed that the skyline was no longer the same. His city had not been extremely large in his time, but it had contained a few fairly tall buildings. These were no longer in existence nor did he recognize any of the other structures. He thought it strange that at least some did not remain but, he was unable to draw any conclusions from this fact.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Shortly before reaching the downtown area, he came to an enclosed shopping mall and decided to go in. When he had seen the displays in the shop and furniture store windows he assumed that the trophies and other items were probably used primarily in homes. It did not take him long to discover that he was mistaken. The first thing he saw upon entering the mall was a large indoor fountain. Standing in a circle, on a raised platform in the center, were the stuffed bodies of a group of naked men facing outward. All had full erections from which heavy streams of water spurted to splash into the pool below.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was here that John discovered, beyond any doubt, that the bodies of members of the opposite sex did indeed sexually arouse women in this society. He was gaping at the unbelievable fountain when he heard a moaning behind him. He turned and saw a young woman, sitting on a bench, staring intently at the same thing. She had one hand under her skirt and was clearly masturbating. A moment later, she uttered a cry and hunched forward. Even after all he had witnessed, he was startled to see such behavior in public. Almost equally as startling was the fact that other women walking by paid no attention. The young women sat in relaxed contentment, continuing to gaze at the fountain, and then had gotten up and walked dreamily away.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;John made many shocking discoveries as walked through the mall. Everywhere he went, in both the wide mall walkways and in stores, he had seen stuffed bodies, and countless other humiliating displays - of which on the majority, exposed genitals were most prominent feature. Walls were adorned with trophies mounted on plaques, identical to ones that he had seen previously, along with stretched hides. A department store had arches across the aisles that women passed under when going from one section to another. The arches were made from men's lower torsos and spread thighs. Every other torso was inverted so that the waist of one joined that of another and spread thighs connected in a like manner. In the lower part on the arches, the genitals on the upright torsos hung in a normal flaccid state, and the inverted ones dangled upside-down on abdomens putting scrotums on prominent display. On the upper part of the arches, as the torsos began to curve over the aisles, genitals started hanging outward an increasing amount until hanging straight down at the top.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;In one of the shops, John observed a display that succeeded in ridiculing his sex to an ultimate degree. It consisted of a large panel that was attached to a wall. The entire panel had been covered with rows of male sex organs hanging from ever-present patches of hair. They had been mounted so close that hardly any portion of the panel surface could be seen. All of the penises were in a flaccid condition, and the skins had been filled with a type of material that realistically duplicated the sensitive reaction to motion in the same manner as on a living man. The testicles had likewise been made from a material that caused them to react to motion identical to those on a living body. The feature that made this particular display so humiliating was the fact that the panel had been in constant motion. It rocked rapidly back and fourth while jerking up and down at the same time. As a result, the limp shafts flailed wildly in every direction, and the testicles jounced violently in a similar manner. The overall effect created the impression of a sea of frantic motion that appeared to be alive. The first thought that struck John had been a vast array of worms wiggling violently back and forth. His face had immediately flushed with acute embarrassment at seeing so many sex organs of his own sex humiliate themselves, in such a degrading fashion, before an amused group of women who giggled and laughed as they watched.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;John entered a jewelry store where he saw necklaces and bracelets hanging from erect penises that were attached to slowly rotating upright acrylic tubes. Oval shaped leather pads, made from the tanned hide of men's chests, were being utilized for placing rings and other items being shown to customers. The hair had been removed, but there was no mistaking the identity of the two nipples on each pad. The usual array of trophies and hides hung from walls as in all other shops and stores. He noticed something in the jewelry store, aside from the displays humiliating his sex, that was totally different from anything he would have seen his own era. All of the merchandise, even things of extreme value, were out in the open and easily accessible to the public. In addition, he did not see anyone that appeared to be security personnel. The honesty of the general public in this society was obviously trusted to a degree that would be unthinkable in his time.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A restaurant was located in the center of the mall. When John arrived it had been at the height of lunch hour, and the restaurant was crowded. A menu was posted at the entrance and he paused to look it over. Most of the meat items had routine names such as various cuts of steaks, breast and liver. There was no attempt, however, to disguise the identity of the more ominous selections. They were plainly referred to as "broiled or steamed testicle", and, most ominous of all, "broiled or roasted penis". One of the selections under appetizers was listed as "crispy strips of deep-fried intestine with a tangy prostrate gland dip". John, in remembering his resolve, felt that it was important for him to observe the actions these women as they ate their astonishing meals. He knew that he must try to remain rational and, therefor, took a firm grip on himself upon entering.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Once again he saw women eating penises and displaying the same degree of obvious pleasure that he had observed earlier. He also saw testicles being eaten, and the reactions made it apparent that these male glands were also considered a choice delicacy. He overheard a conservation between a woman and waitress that made a vivid impression. He was certain he would never forget the words or the casual tones in which they were spoken. "I think I'll have the broiled penis please". "Yes madam, how would you like that cooked"? "Medium rare please." "Very good madam and what type of dressing would you like on your salad?" The dialogue and attitude of both customer and waitress had been no different than a woman ordering a steak in John's time.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;While walking around the restaurant, he observes women also getting extreme pleasure while eating male breasts. He watches, feeling slightly embarrassed, as a woman playfully flips a small, strutted, nipple back and forth with her tongue before laughingly putting it in her mouth. He would have been unable to identify the other types of meat as being anything unusual if it were not for already knowing the source. He can not help but notice that women are able to slice and chew all meat items with remarkably ease. The women that were not eating sex organs did not have looks of ecstasy on their faces, but all appeared to be fully enjoying their meal. It had not taken him long to conclude that, contrary to his earlier belief, the flesh from men&#8217;s bodies, especially the genitals, is tender, juicy, and delicious.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;One thing in particular that John become aware of was that he did not seen a single plate that did not contain a generous portion of some type meat. He had no idea how these women maintained their lovely figures, but it was obviously through some other means than resorting to eating salads as did many women in his own time. The quantity he saw being consumed made him begin to doubt his earlier theory as to the size of the male population being limited. It would require being extremely large to maintain the supply if all women ate like this on a daily basis.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; He finds himself feeling a strange sensation at seeing meat he knows had come from bodies of human males, of which he is a member, being eaten in a public restaurant in the same nonchalant manner as meat in restaurants of his era. He also experiences a similar sensation at the sight of bare bones left on plates.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;As John was leaving, he pauses a few moments at the checkout counter. Most women pay in cash, and he looks at some of the bills placed on the counter. The money is very similar to his own time. One discernible difference, however, was that the pictures in the center were women. He was about to leave when a woman comes up and places a blue card down along with her check and money. John looks at the card and sees two rows of numbers with about half of both having been punched. It had an official looking emblem, and along the top were the words "RATION COUPON - RESTAURANT. Above the top row of numbers were the words TESTICLES (2-EACH), and above the bottom was the word PENIS. The cashier punched the next number in the PENIS row and returned it to the woman. This transaction makes him realize that, apparently, the sale of these desirable parts of the male body is being regulated.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;John left the restaurant and continued his tour through the mall. In spite of himself, he could not help from being impressed with the extraordinary innovation that had been utilized in making countless items and displays from male bodies and sex organs. Even the spouts on drinking fountains were partially erect penises standing upright and curving at a convenient angle for water to flow from open holes. In addition to merchandise similar to what he had observed earlier, there had been many others that he had not seen before. There seemed to be no end to the countless variety of humiliating articles that could be manufactured. He strolled through a clothing store that had garments made in part or entirely of extremely soft leather. He would have had little doubt as to the source even if many did not have small nipples artistically placed. In addition, he recognized that what at first appeared to be fur trim was, in fact, pubic hair.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; In a candle shop he saw that stems for candle holders, from single to full arbors, were erect penises. The tapered parts that held the candles, made from wood, brass, or silver, apparently had spikes inserted into the holes giving an appearance of being balanced on the tips of cone shaped heads. In numerous shops, he saw handles on an almost endless variety of items, even vacuum cleaners, made from penises. The majority of cooking magazines on newsstands featured glossy pictures of cooked sex organs shown in a wide variety of fancy culinary presentations &#8211; such as Pasta and Penis Primaver. The number of displays and items went on and on. The extent of the imagination that women of this society possessed in finding humiliating ways to utilize this intimate part of the male body seemed to be practically endless.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;As John walked through the mall he could not help but notice that the warmth and congeniality he had seen women display between each other earlier was the same. He had not seen a single woman that did not appear to be happy, nor did he see a single incident that showed even the slightest amount of irritation or discourtesy. He also noticed that all of the shops, as in the jewelry store, placed even their most expensive items out in the open with no security precautions or personnel present.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;During his tour, he observed several other women openly masturbating while looking at some of the more explicit displays. The astonishing actions of these women, like those of the one he had seen earlier, were not drawing any attention from others. He also noticed numerous women who, while not engaging physical stimulation, made no attempt to conceal the fact of feeling sexual excitement when looking at various trophies or naked bodies. These observations convinced him, beyond all doubt, that the women in this society possessed a strong sexual attraction toward the opposite sex while, at the same time, resorting to treating its members in the most humiliating and inhumane manner that could possibly be imagined. The only thing this discovery served, however, was to bring forth what appeared to be yet another baffling conflict in the very nature of this female society.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;John left the mall by a different entrance that contained another fountain identical to the first. He continued his journey until reaching the downtown area where he explored office and professional buildings. He did enter a single building that did not contain humiliating displays in large number. Lobbies and other places had stuffed bodies standing in various poses, and he had not entered a single office or meeting room that did not have trophies and tanned hides on walls. Hides used as rugs were also a common sight. He did not see a single lamp whose base was not made from male bodies. A popular item, lying on almost all desks, were paperweights made from penis and scrotum skins filled with steel shot. Throughout his entire journey of the downtown area, he did not visit a single place that put any degree of restraint whatsoever on displaying a wide variety of items that humiliated and ridiculed his sex. This had even been the case in lobbies and waiting rooms of doctor&#8217;s offices. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;There had been one item, however, that John frequently observed which had nothing to do with the male sex. He first noticed it in the mall but paid little attention at the time. It was only after observing it hanging in prominent places of numerous lobbies and offices that he had taken notice. It was the portrait of a woman that appeared to be in her mid forties. She was attractive, but not to the extent of most women of similar age that he had seen in this society. For some reason, he received the impression that she more closely resembled a woman from his own era more than a member of this future age.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When it become apparent that the woman was obviously a person of importance, John studied her features closely. Her face displayed a look of intelligence combined with one of extreme confidence. But, her most outstanding feature had been the look of a woman who felt deep compassion for the welfare of others. He had been greatly impressed and had no doubt that she was held in very high esteem.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Another thing he noticed in the downtown area was the same lack of security precautions he had seen in the mall. There were no locks on doors or on cabinets and drawers. He also did not see any police or security personnel. The extent of what he observed made it obvious that these women placed an almost unbelievable amount of trust in each other&#8217;s honesty.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;John also observes the same happy and courteous attitude being displayed in the work place that he had seen elsewhere. Supervisors showed no hint of overbearing authority, and subordinates gave no indication of feeling resentment toward either fellow workers or superiors. All of the women had been hardworking and he did see a single case of what would be considered slackness or goofing off.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; It goes without saying that John had been overwhelmed by the unbelievable extent which men&#8217;s bodies had been displayed, ridiculed, and humiliated in every place he visited. It had staggered his imagination and far exceeded anything that he imagined could be possible while contemplating next to the stream. He could not even begin to estimate the number of stuffed bodies, trophies, hides, lamb bases, and countless other items made from men's bodies and genitals. The most common item of all had been, by far, the penis. It had been displayed and utilized in every possible humiliating way that could be imagined. Without a doubt, the number of these prominent male organs that he had observed, in only a few hours, would be well over a thousand.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;After exploring a number of buildings, John stopped to rest in a small park located in the downtown area, and he began to reflect upon what he had learned. He had made many startling discoveries and had found answers to some of his earlier questions. But, he knew that he had not even begun to find answers that would shed any light on the profound mystery of how and why this female society had come to live such and unbelievable and astonishing lifestyle. These thoughts made him realize that, up to this point, the more he discovered the more confused and dismayed he became. He begun to feel frustrated until remembering his earlier determination to have the fortitude and courage to try every possible means to find some type of solution. He quickly put all negative thoughts out of his mind and resolved to continue the search.









THE FUTURE
By C

This story contains graphic descriptions of death and nudity, and is intended for ADULTS ONLY. It is fantasy and intended to be viewed as such. All individuals were created in the writer&#8217;s imagination, and any similarity at actual persons is nothing but coincidence.

PART I
CHAPTER 7

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; John continued to sit on a bench in the small downtown park and deliberated on his next course of action. He found himself having a strong desire to locate members of his own sex that were alive even though, by now, it was obvious they would surely be held in captivity. But, if he could find one of the facilities he would at least be able to observe their activities. He might also discover how women were able to dominate and control the stronger members of the opposite sex to such an astounding degree. In all probability, such a compound would be located in the outskirts of the city.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He starts walking toward the outskirts that will also enable passing some of the residential areas along the way. He had reached the conclusion that one of the best ways to gain some insight into the basic nature of these women would be to enter some of the homes and see how they lived. He no longer felt any reservation about entering homes. If he came across a woman in a compromising situation then so be it. He now had a valid reason, and he felt that a great deal could be learned from observing women going about everyday activities and by overhearing conversations.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;While he is walking, John sees a small junior college ahead and decides to take a look inside. Upon entering, he was not surprised to find, like in all other places he had visited, numerous displays humiliating his sex. The sight still gave him a strange feeling, but he had begun to find he was actually beginning to become somewhat accustom to their presence.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;There were no dismal rows of unsightly lockers as in schools of his time. In their place were varnished wooden shelves with pegs underneath for hanging coats and book bags. The pegs, of no surprise, were erect penises. The backpack style book bags were all made from a now familiar looking leather. The front flaps were covered with curly hair from which two small nipples protruded.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; He noticed several history books on one of the shelves nearby. He realizes that answers to many of the questions he was desperately searching might well lay between those covers, and he looks at the volumes with an almost hypnotic longing. But, he remembers the dire warning from the people in the space ship and, reluctantly, resisted an almost overwhelming temptation to take one of the books.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;John soon discovers that the interior furnishings in all of the classrooms were the same. Each had the stuffed body of a naked young man standing in a corner. Plaques containing mounted sex organs and hides were attached to the walls. A plaque with mounted head and sex organs beneath had, in every room, been on the wall directly behind the teacher. The penis on each was fully erect with the strutted head pointing toward the female students. Also, clearly revealed were prominent, oval shaped outlines within the scrotums.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was not the sight of his sex being ridiculed before the eyes of college girls, however, that received John&#8217;s primary attention. His attention was directed toward the girls themselves. Upon entering the first room he was almost overwhelmed by the remarkable, fresh beauty of eighteen and nineteen year olds whose lovely young bodies, that were everything girl, had so recently undergone the delightful process of blossoming into full womanhood. The same held true for the students in other rooms. Like the women in this society, their extraordinary beauty and sensuous development far surpassed that of most girls their age in his era. The explicit displays that surrounded these beautiful girls did nothing to dampen the youthful look of innocence that almost seemed to radiate from them. The happy faces, with smooth flawless complexions, contained none of the bored expressions that he would have expected to find on students in a classroom. Their bright eyes sparkled with interest as they listened intently to their teachers.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;John&#8217;s spirits began to undergo a marked improvement at the refreshing sight of so many breathtaking girls. Even the fact that the exposed manhood of members of his own sex was being displayed and ridiculed before them did not overly disturbed him. He felt somewhat embarrassed, but it was nothing compared to what he had felt during the past few hours. This was partly due to fact that, as pointed out previously, he was actually beginning to get somewhat accustomed to such surroundings.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was when John was almost ready to leave that he found his improved disposition being shattered with a devastating suddenness. It happened when he decided to enter one last classroom. It turned out to be a biology lab, and all of the students were crowded around a table that a teacher stood in back of. The girls had been standing so close together that he could not see what was on the table until he was almost up to it. When he finally got a clear view he was once again stunned into a state of disbelief and incomprehension.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;John saw the naked body of a young man, who looked to have been no more than nineteen, lying on the table. He was on his back with his legs spread and his eyes and mouth open. The natural looking expression on his face gave the impression of being awake if it were not for the fact that he had been cut open down the middle and his internal organs removed. The latter were laying in stainless steel trays and had been dissected revealing the interiors whose various functions had, in all probability, been explained earlier by the teacher.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;This was the first time that John had actually seen a dead person in the flesh, which caused a queasiness to flow through him. He also begun to experience a strange, weird, sensation at the sight of a young man giving the appearance of being awake, yet content to lay calmly on his back while his body was being dissected before a group of girls his own age. John looked at the girls and was surprised to see that none displayed the slightest amount of discomfort at actually watching a human body being dissected. In fact, their beautiful young faces and bright eyes showed even more interest and enthusiasm than he had observed in any other classroom. He would not have thought it possible for such lovely, innocent looking, girls to react in this manner while witnessing such a gruesome scene. He remembered how squeamish most girls had been in one his biology classes when the teacher had dissected nothing more than a frog.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The teacher had already concluded most of her lecture and was in the process of explaining the functions of male reproductive organs. The penis had been sliced lengthwise down the center, and the two halves curved away from each other in opposite directions revealing the rich looking texture of exposed flesh. The wet interior of the urethra was clearly visible running along the bottom of each severed half and, as he had noticed in the sliced roasted penis he had seen earlier, swelled into a bulb like shape upon entering the head. The scrotum had been cut away and one shiny, oval shaped, testicle hung down between his spread legs. The second, having been sliced in sections, lay in a small bowl nearby.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;John watched aghast as the teacher calmly cut out the prostrate gland and seminal vesicle, held the severed tube attached to them over a small beaker, and squeezed out a stream of white semen. While carrying out this procedure, she told the class that she was going to place drops on slides so they could view them under microscopes and observe thousands of sperm swimming about. She commented, with a mischievous smile, that they would be able to see for themselves how much sperm looked like tadpoles. This remark brought forth a wave of girlish giggles. The teacher then sliced open the male glands, and a large quantity of remaining semen flowed out.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; At this point, John, who had been feeling increasingly dizzy and queasy, thought he might actually faint if he stayed any longer. He quickly left the room as the teacher was holding up one of the severed halves of the prostrate and started explaining the interior functions. With great haste, he rushed from of the room and went out of the first exit that he came across.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;John leaves the building feeling queasy and slightly nauseated. Once again, he had witnessed an event that even after all of his previous shocking discoveries had left him totally unprepared to accept. The extent of atrocious practices that were evidently commonplace in this female society was constantly increasing to a degree that totally exceeded his wildest imagination. Even though he had seen it with his own eyes he still found it hard to comprehend that dissecting the body of a human male in a public junior college could have possibility become an accepted practice - in even an unbelievable society such as this.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It did not take him long to recover from his queasiness and unsettled stomach. This recovery, however, did nothing to relieve the despondent and dispirited mood that had come over him. He had not forgotten his previous determination to keep himself above such reactions, but for a while at least, he simply did not care. Even his desire to please the people in the space ship had become unimportant. To make matters worse, he had no earthly idea why this particular event, as appalling as it had been, had caused such a profound reaction. He knew that what he saw in the lab had not been as much of a surprise as when he had unexpectedly been confronted with his first discoveries, but, for some reason, it saddened and depressed him to a far greater degree.
  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;(John had been in such a confused state that he had been totally incapable of trying to rationalize why he should experience a reaction such as this after witnessing so many other things that had involved not just one death &#8211; but death on a massive scale. Had he been capable of doing so, he would have realized that it was due to the fact that suddenly seeing a dead body in the flesh, for the first time in his life, made this death far more personal. Everything that he had witnessed previously, as shocking as they had all been, had been somewhat remote. Even the surprisingly lifelike appearance of stuffed bodies had a detached quality about them even though he had known that, at some point in time, all had been living men. This time, it had been different. This time, it had not been stuffed bodies, stretched hides, mounted trophies, or countless other things made from bodies of unknown males. This time, it had not been meat and genitals being used for food. This time, it had been a young man&#8217;s dead body in the flesh whose innocent looking, lifeless, face he had gazed into - a young man that only a short time before had been a living human being in the prime of his short life. The fact that the body had been desecrated before a group of college girls, all of who had been in good spirits with smiling faces, showing total indifference to the fact of human death having been suffered, had made it doubly worse.)
  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;John walked for several blocks, in a sad and dejected mood, before finally able start thinking about the profound event. An image of the dead body lying on the table, with open eyes and sliced open down the middle, dominated his thoughts. He found himself wondering if the young man had been deliberately killed for no other purpose than for what he had seen, and a cold chill swept through him. The killing of men for food by the woman in this society, as repulsive as the practice might be, at least was done for a definite purpose. From what he had seen, he had no doubt that women openly accepted, with a clear conscience, that the purpose behind their actions was justified. He had assumed, almost from the start, that the countless displays and other items were bizarre byproducts that had evolved from the original and primary reason of slaying to obtain food. But, what he had seen in the lab placed a different light on this assumption. It made him begin to wonder if the women in this society had become so indifferent, in regard to the male sex, that they thought nothing of slaying for no other reason than to provide a lesson in human male anatomy. If this was indeed the case, then it would appear that the basic, caring, nature women felt for living creatures - a nature that had existed for thousands of years - had somehow changed &#8211; changed so completely that they could even accept taking the life of young man for a purpose of little importance.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;In spite of what John had seen, he found it hard to believe that this basic feminine nature could have undergone such a profound change. The warmth that he had seen them show toward each other had far surpassed anything he had observed in women of his own era. It was only members of the opposite sex that, for some reason, were being excluded. This thought caused him to pause. Was he jumping to a conclusion in thinking that the young man had been deliberately killed? If the entire male population was kept in captivity, then it would be inevitable for a few to die from one cause or another. When this occurred, the bodies might not be considered acceptable for human consumption and would be utilized for other purposes such as what he had seen.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;John found himself having a nagging thought that disturbed his reasoning that the death had come from some other cause. He recalled the girls giggling while looking at the violated body and the mater-of-fact academic tone of the teacher's voice as she dissected and explained various functions. And, he remembered hearing the teacher talking about looking at sperm swimming under microscopes. He had no idea how long sperm would live in a dead body, but he seriously doubted that it would be for any appreciable length of time. Would a body that had died from some other cause be rushed to a junior college for no other reason than to enable live sperm to be viewed as part of the procedure? Obtaining semen containing living sperm for study would be a simple matter for women in a society that held the entire male population in captivity. He could see no reason for it to be important that live sperm be in a body being dissected. John shakes his head in frustration. He was letting himself get carried away in nothing but speculation. It was entirely possible that the young man had recently died from some other cause, and it had only by chance that he was sent to the school while his sperm was still alive &#8211; an infrequent occurrence of which the teacher simply took advantage. This line of thought made him feel somewhat better, but the image of the dissected body continued to haunt him for some time. It was only gradually that his feeling of depression began to ease.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;John continues his journey toward the outskirts of the city. As he walked in this direction he passed several supermarkets that he entered to confirm what he already knew would be inside. He was successful in this endeavor. The meat counters in each had contained plentiful quantities of the same types of packages that he had seen in the first store. He did not see a single meat item that appeared to have come from another source. Another thing that he noticed was the contents of plastic jugs filled with what he had previously passed off as milk. He looked closely this time and would have been able to identify the contents even if the labels had not plainly contained the word "SEMEN". John was surprised at the plentiful quantity of these jugs, and he had no reason to doubt that other stores would have a similar supply. He could not begin to imagine the number of men it required to provide such a massive quantity on a daily basis. The discovery only served to confirm that he had been mistaken in his previous assumption as to the male population being limited in size.









 THE FUTURE
By C



This story contains graphic descriptions of death and nudity, and is intended for ADULTS ONLY. It is fantasy and intended to be viewed as such. All individuals were created in the writer&#8217;s imagination, and any similarity at actual persons is nothing but coincidence.

PART I
CHAPTER 8
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A wave of anticipation hits John when he reaches a residential neighborhood. The more he had thought about it the more convinced he became that, if anything would give him an insight into the inner nature and feelings of these women, it would be by observing them as they went about everyday lives. He had been especially optimistic at the prospect of overhearing candid conversations.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He spent well over an hour going through one house after another, only to be sadly disappointed. He made discoveries but they, like the majority of his previous ones, had only succeeded in making him more confused. One discovery, in particular, resulted in creating a brand new mystery that, like so many others, left him completely baffled. The reason for his disappointment was because the homes had been unoccupied.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; John had no trouble gaining entry due to the simple fact that none had locks. Once again, the surprising trust that these women placed in each other&#8217;s honesty had been vividly demonstrated. He fully expected to find the same type of humiliating displays in homes that he had observed all day. He was not mistaken in this assumption, and the only thing that surprised him was the excessive degree to which they were utilized. There had not been a single room in any house that did not have a wide variety of these degrading items. Practically everything that he had seen earlier was present in abundance - stuffed bodies - plaques of mounted heads with gentiles underneath - plaques containing sex organs only - hides stretched on walls or used as rugs - table and floor lamps with bases made from male bodies &#8211; handles on hair brushes, knives, umbrellas, vacuum cleaners, and numerous other items made from penises - various types of racks containing pegs made from erect penises or hooks made from inverted semi-erect ones curving upward &#8211; garments made from a now familiar soft leather which, along with other clothing, had pubic hair used as trim &#8211; the leather on backs of chairs containing two small nipples &#8211; recliners with penises used as levers - coffee tables supported by lower torsos and spread thighs &#8211; flared heads serving as knobs on drawers and doors of cabinets - candle holders with penises as stems. The list of different items went on and on. The magnitude of what he saw gave the impression that the women appeared obsessed in surrounding themselves with explicit displays and items humiliating the male sex in their homes to an even greater degree than he had seen elsewhere.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When he goes into bedrooms he observes unmistakable evidence that confirms earlier observations that these women did indeed have a strong sexual attraction for the naked bodies and exposed sex organs that surrounded them. All of the bedrooms contain stuffed bodies, and the penis on every one is fully erect. The bedrooms also have a large number of trophies, hides, and other explicit items.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The manner in which they are displayed give a strong impression that the primary theme was aimed at creating a sensual, sexual atmosphere. There was one display, in particular, that illustrated this being the case. The features of the display, in every case, were the same in every woman&#8217;s bedroom. It consisted of an arrangement of five trophies, mounted on plaques that were always on the wall directly opposite the bed. The center trophy, which was the most prominent, was a young man's mounted head and genitals. These particular trophies, however, were far more impressive than any of the countless others he had seen. It was obvious that the men had been carefully selected.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The faces were exceedingly handsome, but it was not this feature which made it obvious that the men had been specifically selected - it was the sex organs underneath. There was only one word that could be used to describe the size - "gigantic". The size of the penises was beyond belief. John had not seen any the entire day that would compare. They stood out rigid, from thick patches of hair, in an erection so full that it staggered the imagination. They were strutted to the point of appearing to be on the verge of splitting. The thick shafts were so huge that he would have been unable to reach around them with one hand. The swollen, flared, ridges stood out vividly around the edge of the enormous, strutted, cone shaped, heads. The gaping holes were so large that he could have almost inserted his little finger inside. The oval shapes of huge testicles are clearly outlined under the stretched skin of bulging scrotums.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The four other plaques that made up the display, two on each side of the center trophy, contain only mounted sex organs. These also had obviously been carefully selected since their size compared favorably with the one in the center. The shaft on one of the outside plaques hung down in a flaccid state while those on the remaining three curve increasingly outward in partial erections. The overall effect gives the appearance of an enormous penis going from flaccid to the fullest erection possible.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;If, for any reason, John had retained any lingering doubt that arousing feminine sexual desires was the primary motive of the explicit five-trophy displays, along with other bedroom decor, it was dispelled by a device laying in clear view on bedside tables. He did not enter a single house in which this item had not been present. It consisted of a set of extremely impressive male genitals. He examines the one he sees in the first house. The penis is fully erect with the skin having been filled with some type of material that realistically duplicated the yielding firmness of an erection on a living man. The material used for the testicles also realistically duplicated the feel and texture of those on a living body. A handle, with a switch on the side, was attached to the shaft. A triangular shaped shield, coated with a spongy material resembling flesh, was attached to the top of the handle and covered with pubic hair. The angle that it formed with the shaft duplicated that which would be present on a living body.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; (John was mistaken in his assumption of realistic artificial material being used. A preservative had been developed that would last indefinitely. It had been injected in both the testicles and penis - the latter under pressure after the root had been sealed and, in so doing, causing a full and permanent erection.)
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;John pressed the switch and the penis seemed to come alive by vibrating rapidly. He was startled by the intensity and, inadvertently, squeezed the handle. He was startled again at seeing several thick streams of thick liquid spurt out. In addition, at each ejaculation the penis jerked upward, and the already strutted head swelled even more. With amazement, he touches the liquid and finds that it is warm making it obvious that a heating element was inside. He put his fingers to his nose, and the unmistakable smell told him it was actual semen.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Whatever changes had taken place obviously had not diminished women&#8217;s desire to fulfill the natural function for which their bodies had been designed. They might have excluded men from their lives - but not the part of the male body that had been created for sexual enjoyment. In so doing, they had taken this desired part and found an ingenious method for using it in a manner for which it had been so uniquely created. He discovers that the penis also became warm and that, in addition to jerking upward during ejaculation, it would also jerk periodically during the vibrating phase. It was obvious that the device had been ingeniously designed to enable a woman to receive a maximum degree of sexual stimulation.
&nbsp;&nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He cleans up the semen and replaces the apparatus in the same position as it had been found. He did not want to leave any evidence that might cause a woman to suspect her home had been entered. There was nothing that he could do in regard to the lost semen, however, and he hoped that the reservoir was large enough so that the lost amount would not be missed.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;John looks at the bed, and it is only natural that his thoughts turn to thinking about what had, undoubtedly, taken place on numerous occasions. An image enters his mind of a beautiful young woman lying naked with her shapely legs spread. The moist lips of her mouth are slightly open in an expression of lounging, and her eyes, flashing with excitement, are fixed on the huge, erect, penis protruding from the center trophy on the opposite wall. The nipples on her full, luscious, breasts have turned a deep brownish red and are pointing upward in swollen erections. Her left hand is massaging a strutted nipple while her right is thrusting the vibrating penis back and forth inside her wet vagina. Each time full penetration is reached, she pulls upward causing in the flesh like triangle to press against her erect clitoris. She is uttering unmistakable feminine groans of sexual pleasure, and her pelvis is moving rhythmically up and down.
Her movements become more frantic, and she increases the speed and force of the trusting sex organs. Suddenly, she lets out a loud cry, and her hips arch upward forcing her pelvis hard against the padded hair while, at the same time, holding the penis embedded to it&#8217;s full depth. The tight scrotum and it&#8217;s contents press into the softness of her wet vulva. Her body jerks as it reacts in an extreme organism, and her face registers a look of wild ecstasy. She squeezes the handle at the critical moment of climax and feels the hard shaft jerking and swelling inside of her along with pulsing jets of hot semen striking the top of her vagina.
She slowly relaxes, with a contented smile, and a dreamy look in half-closed eyes that continue gazing at the huge erection. She releases the handle, and the device lays between the tantalizing curves of her spread thighs. The upper half of the penis remains inside her vagina, and her soft, delicate labia, swollen and inflamed with desire, appears to caress the hard shaft as it forms itself perfectly around the rigid shape. The sensuous folds, along with the lower half of the penis and bulging scrotum, are wet with her juices of excitement. The hand that had held the device is gently rubbing her still erect clitoris while the other continues to lightly massage her left breast.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;All of this had taken place in John's imagination, but it was so vivid that it almost seemed as though he had actually witnessed the entire event. He had no doubt that something very similar had taken place countless times. He is slightly startled when he realized that there is a pronounced bulge in his pants. He had been totally unaware that he had achieved an erection while visualizing the fantasy. For the first time since entering that initial shop he finds himself chuckling with amusement.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The remarkable similarity in women&#8217;s bedrooms, in every house he visits, leave little doubt that not just some, but the vast majority, of women in this society contain strong sexual desires for the male body. Whatever reason they had for excluding men from their society had done nothing to diminish their natural attraction toward members of the opposite sex. He receives the impression that, if anything, this desire had actually increased. In addition, the women in this future era have come to understand and accept such feelings to the point of even openly displaying them in public.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Of all the discoveries that John made, however, there was one in particular that mystified him a great deal. When he entered the first house, his attention had been immediately drawn to a trophy hanging in a prominent place on the living room wall. It consisted of, like hundreds of others that he had seen, a mounted head with genitals underneath in which the penis was fully erect. Beneath the trophy, and this was something he had not observed before, was the hide of a torso. All of the countless other hides he had seen were taken from a complete body at least to above the elbows and knees and had always included the sex organs. But, not only was this hide of a torso only, the genitals and pubic hair were missing. Like other hides, it had been removed starting at the back so that the chest was in the center. Unlike other hides, however, the lower part had been cut down the center starting where the breastbone would have been. There are also several other features that John had not seen on any other hide. There is a hole in the left breast and another in the left side that would have been adjacent in the back. Their location indicated that some type of projectile had completely pierced the chest.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; It is the first time all day that John had seen a display that showed evidence of the cause of death. He also observes that the upper outside portions on both sides, which would have been the back, were crisscrossed with numerous marks that look as though they had been made by a whip. This is also the first time he had seen any indication of physically mistreatment. Another unusual feature of the display was a large number of triangular shaped pelts of pubic hair. They are attached to the wall on both sides of the hide in rows allowing them to be easily counted. There are one hundred and twenty three of them.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Of all of the differences in this particular display, however, it is the mounted head that receives John&#8217;s primary attention. Up to this point, every trophy and stuffed body that he had seen were of young men in their late teens or early twenties. The head on this trophy, however, contains traces of gray hair, and the face is that of a man who appears to have been in his late thirties. Traces of gray are also present in the chest and pubic hair as well. To John, this is clear evidence that the head, sex organs, and hide all came from the same individual. It also explains why the hide contained no genitals - they are mounted on the plaque above.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When he observed to first unusual display he had been somewhat mystified, but he had made so many unbelievable discoveries that he was only mildly curious. It was only after seeing identical displays, always of men that looked to have been in their late thirties, in every home he visited that the mystery deepened. The only noticeable variation was in the number of pelts. They ranged from a relative few all the way up to three hundred and ninety seven. Also, in one house, there had been two such displays. There was over two hundred pelts at one while the other contained only two.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;John is unable to come up with any theory to explain a purpose for such unusual displays being present in homes. All were in a prominent place on living room walls that indicated having a significant importance. In every case, the displays contained the same features - the older age of the men - the penises always being erect &#8211; the evidence of having been shot through the chest - lash marks indicating physical abuse &#8211; the cut down the middle of the hide - the rows of pelts. All of these features clearly point to having a definite meaning, but he has no earthly idea as to what it could possibly be. For some reason, the displays deeply troubled him as well as being confusing. In many respects, they were unlike anything he had previously seen. Why were these men allowed live almost twice as long as the others? It had to be for a reason other than being used for food, but what could this reason possibly be? For what purpose ware they forced to suffer physical abuse? What is the significance of the pubic hair pelts?
Every feature adds a new mystery that reveals new a dimension in this female society. For some reason, he has an uncomfortable feeling that this particular dimension has a much darker side than any of the others he had observed - and the others had been dark enough on their own.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;John is greatly disappointed from the results of his tour through women's homes. He had been in high hopes of gaining some insight and understanding of their inner feelings and even possibly find some answers. About all he accomplished was to add to his confusion and have the burden of yet another mystery placed upon him. He had anticipated observing women going about daily routines and, more important, overhearing conversations. To his dismay, the homes had been unoccupied.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It did not take him long to realize the reason for the houses being vacant, and he cursed himself for his stupidity. There were no men in these women's lives to share responsibilities. They were totally dependent on themselves and, therefore, had to work for a living. Whatever free time they might have during the day would be used for shopping and running errands. That accounts for the stores being crowded. He finds it hard to believe he overlooked such an obvious fact.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;John berates himself for wasting time in a residential area when he should have been trying first to locate a place where men were being held captive. This had not only been one of his primary goals from the start, but one that he felt stood a good chance of providing some answers. He decides to head for the outskirts of the city where he thinks the compounds will be located. Later, he can visit houses at a time when women will be home.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He sets off at a brisk pace paying little attention to his surroundings. At first, his thoughts return to the mystifying displays, but he quickly puts them aside. He knows there is little chance of thinking of a plausible explanation. Continuing to dwell on it would not only be a waste of time, but it would only add to his frustration. His thoughts turn to the ingenious devices that enable women to satisfy sexual desires. He has to admit that that the devices are probably extremely efficient in providing a great deal of physical excitement and pleasure. He has no doubt that these women consider themselves being able to achieve the ultimate in sexual satisfaction.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He wonders what the reaction would be if they could somehow be made aware that merely performing a physical sex act fell far short of achieving total fulfillment. There is none of the excitement of lying beside and exploring every feature of the warm, naked, body of a member of the opposite sex. There is no caressing warmth or the feeling of ecstasy that results from the combined intimate giving and sharing of two bodies. There is no satisfying fulfillment that comes when the bodies of two caring people become one - both physical and emotional. There is no feeling of exhilaration that comes from giving yourself totally to another while the same gift is being given simultaneously in return. These women are completely ignorant of the fact that such things greatly enhance the physical pleasure and go far beyond any boundary that could possibly be obtained otherwise.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;John's thoughts wander, and he finds himself wondering what effect it would have on one of these happy, contented, women if the people in the space ship were to take her back to his era, allow her to experience a close and caring relationship with a man, and then return her to her own time. The thought intrigues him, and he considers suggesting this very thing upon his return, though he doubts it would be taken seriously. With amusement, he thinks of telling the people on the ship that he would be happy to offer his own services in this regard. He could even suggest a possible candidate - that gorgeous creature he had first encountered.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;For a short while, he fantasizes about making love to that desirable young woman until a thought strikes him that brings him up short. He wonders how he would react if actually given the opportunity to seduce this beautiful woman when, at the same time, being aware that her soft, feminine, body had not only digested vast quantities of human male flesh but, also, a goodly number of dicks and nuts.

















THE FUTURE
By C

PART I
CHAPTER 9

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;John leaves the residential area, and he soon finds himself walking along a sidewalk in a peaceful and pleasant countryside. He rounds a curve, and his attention is immediately drawn to a large, impressive, building on top of a small hill. Spacious grounds, that are the most beautiful and immaculate of any he had ever seen, surround it. Large shade trees adorn a lush, green, lawn that is traversed by winding walks. There are a number of small gardens filled with numerous varieties of brightly colored flowers. Each garden is beautifully sculptured in a manner that blends with the surrounding landscape. Even benches are discretely placed and do not cause any distraction from the breathtaking beauty. A few women are leisurely sitting on several of the benches enjoying the peaceful atmosphere.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The building itself is an architectural masterpiece that only enhances the immaculate setting. The exterior is covered with marble, and it is surrounded by a wide verandah supported by sculptured columns. John thinks that the building looks as though it could have been transported from ancient Greece if it had not been for several rows of large, tinted glass windows running behind the verandah. This one modern feature, however, does nothing to distract from the impressive appearance.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;John had not seen anything the entire day that came close to matching the beauty of this setting. It is obvious that no expense had been speared in constructing the building or in maintaining the grounds. Every indication is given that this must be some type of important cultural center. He hesitates briefly, debating if he should go in and look around. He could possibly learn something about the cultural side of this female society and, in so doing, gain some insight into their lives beyond their obsession to display and ridicule the male sex. But, he remembers his determination to try and locate a place where men are confined and reluctantly continues on his way. It is only after he has passed the building and can see behind that he has second thoughts. The object of his attention is a parking area that is filled with cars. There is obviously a large crowd inside which has to mean that something significant is taking place. He feels that he can not pass up the opportunity to at least take a brief look and find out what it might be. He is searching desperately for any possible clue that might help solve some of the baffling mysteries, and observing members of this female society enjoying an important cultural event shows a great deal of promise.

  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He retraces his steps until he comes to a walkway that winds up the hillside toward the impressive entrance. He is almost up to the stairs before he notices something that causes him to pause. Carved into the marble above the entrance are the words "HILL STREET PROCESSING PLANT". The name makes absolutely no sense for such an immaculate building, and he can not imagine what it might stand for. Several women go by and start up the stairs. Still confused, he follows as they go through one of the doors.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;John enters a large lobby and looks around in dismay. He had been hoping to find a cultural atmosphere that, for once, had nothing to do with ridiculing his sex. In this regard, he is sadly disappointed. It is the same as it had been everywhere else. If anything, the atmosphere in the lobby appears to be directed at humiliating the male body to an even greater degree than he had seen in any other public place.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The only thing that is somewhat different is a large picture of the same woman whose portrait he had seen in countless other places. This time, however, it is in a prominent location that immediately draws attention. Offset lighting makes her face almost appear to glow. John walks over for a closer look, and he is somewhat surprised to see a set male sex organs hanging upside down from the top corners of a wooden frame. The degrading, inverted, position gives the appearance of being humbled by the presence of this great woman. The ridiculed genitals make a strange contrast to the expression of kindness and compassion that is reflected in her face.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Attached to the wall above the portrait is a plaque containing the head and genitals of a young man. John would probably not have given this trophy much attention if it had not been for the penis which was fully erect. It was not the erection, however, but the size that caught his attention. It is, by far, the smallest he had seen all day and only slightly larger than his own. He takes a closer look and realizes, with a start, that the head and genitals are artificial. The workmanship is of such quality that, from a distance, the trophy looked as genuine as any of the others. It is the first he had seen that had not been made from an actual body, and he can think of only one explanation for this being the case. There had to be something significant about this particular young man and, for some reason, his body had no longer been available when the significance become known. The fact that his replica is mounted directly over the woman&#8217;s portrait strongly indicates that there must be a connection.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; John notices something else that seems to indicate a connection between these two individuals. It might only have been because of the smallness of the penis, but, when looking at the head, he gets the same feeling that he had experienced earlier when studying the face of the woman. Both give him the impression of being individuals that belong more to his own era than they do to this future society. The remarkable features displayed in the woman&#8217;s face had previously impressed him, but he had not given her much thought other than concluding she was obviously held in high esteem. The look of kindness and compassion, that are so prominent in her features, give the appearance that she could not possibly have been involved, in any way, with playing a role in establishing a policy that condemns the male population to such inhumane treatment. Now, all of a sudden, it appears that this may not be the case. The realization adds yet another unanswered mystery to his steadily growing list.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;John debates on what to do. He has not forgotten his desire to find a place where men are being held, but, as long as he is in the building, he decides that he might as well take a quick look. The two women that he had followed had gone through a large opening at the far end of the lobby. He walks in that direction and enters into a room shaped like a long, wide, corridor. The entire left wall is made of glass with a brass rail running the entire length. Unlike the lobby, this room is far from being empty. Lined up along the rail are a large number of women.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The angle of the wall causes light to reflect, and John is unable to see beyond. Whatever it is, however, is highly amusing to the female spectators. They are laughing to the extent that some have tears running down cheeks. Many point one way and then another at things they apparently find especially comical. Several women start walking away while laughing amongst themselves. The departure leaves a vacant place, and he goes over to get a view at whatever is responsible for creating such high spirits. Their reactions make him strongly suspect that it has something to do with further humiliating his sex, but he is totally unprepared for the unbelievable scene that is revealed when he sees what is on the other side. He had witnessed numerous shocking and astounding events this day, but none of them had prepared him for this. Once again he is only capable of gaping in dumfounded disbelief.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;On the opposite side of the glass is an overhead conveyor, and hanging upside down from it, one behind the other, is a long row of naked men with arms out flung and legs spread. These bodies, however, are not stuffed. These bodies are flesh and blood. The men&#8217;s eyes are open, but none are aware of their surroundings. It is obvious, at first glance, that all are dead. Each has a hole in the left breast with a matching one in the back. Trails of blood are flowing from the holes that drip into a trough in the floor. The trough contains running water that is bright red. Each one of the lifeless faces registers an expression of stunned surprise.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The conveyor is moving slowly forward and also jerks rapidly up and down. The jerking action causes the penises and scrotums to flop and jounce in an extremely humiliating fashion. It is obvious that the conveyor had been specifically designed to cause this ridiculing result. The spectacle continues unabated for several minutes, and then the conveyor suddenly comes to a stop. The humiliating performance of the sex organs cease immediately, and they hang down on abdomens from between spread legs. The only motion is the bodies swinging slowly back and forth as a result of the sudden stop. The ridiculing antics might have ceased, but, by putting themselves on display in such a degrading fashion, the genitals only succeed in continuing to humiliate themselves before the eyes of a female audience.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The body in the college lab had been the first dead human John had ever seen in the flesh. That experience had been bad enough, but the impact of suddenly encountering a large number in such an unexpected and atrocious manner has caused him to experience a profound shock. It is only gradually that his senses start to return. The conveyer still remains at a stop when he is finally able to begin comprehending what he is actually seeing.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;His attention is drawn, almost instinctively, to the exposed genitals hanging down on patches of pubic hair. The dark, triangles stand out so vividly that it appears the primary function is to draw attention to this part of the body. They, along with the displayed manhood, form a continuous row that diminishes in size as they recede in the distance. The conveyor is only a few feet on the other side of the glass, which allows every feature of the underside of the sex organs to be minutely examined. John feels his face flush in acute embarrassment as he realizes that each member of this female audience is able to scrutinize every detail of what hangs so placidly before them.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He glances at the women around him, and there is no doubt as to what is receiving their primary attention. He feels a sudden wave of shame as he realizes that his own attention had also been directed at the same thing. He quickly diverts his gaze downward and finds himself looking into the lifeless faces. A strange sensation passes through him that is similar to what he felt at the college lab. The open eyes give the eerie appearance of being awake yet unconcerned at being naked before a group of women. The faces look so natural that it is hard to comprehend that they are actually dead. The only feature that indicates something being amiss is loose tongues lolling from many of the partially open mouths.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;John is almost at the center of the row, and he notices blood beginning to flow from the mouths of the men directly in front of him. This is a clear indication that they had been dead for only a short while. He looks down the long row of lifeless bodies, and he feels a cold chill in realizing that other men close by are being killed at this very moment. The name carved in stone over the entrance of the building is no longer a mystery and what is being "processed" is quite obvious. In spite of the fact of being human males, the bodies hanging in front of him have become nothing more than carcasses in a slaughterhouse. There is no doubt that their ultimate destiny is to become packages of meat lying on counters in food stores.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The conveyer starts to move and resumes its rapid, jerking, motion. In unison, all of the genitals appear to come to life as they once again begin their wild, humiliating, gyrations. The appearance is almost given that these intimate parts of the bodies that so vividly define them being male are almost frantic to ridicule themselves, to the fullest extent possible, before the amused eyes of a laughing female audience. The laughter had diminished somewhat while the conveyor had been stopped, but it erupts with renewed enthusiasm as soon as the genitals resumed their humiliating antics.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;John has no desire to watch slain bodies of members of his own sex being displayed and ridiculed in such a horrendous manner. He had noticed women periodically leaving and going through an opening at the far end of the room. He assumes this leads to an exit and is anxious to get outside and try to collect his thoughts. Somewhere in the building men are being killed at this very moment. And, that is not all. The process of being butchered for food awaits the bodies hanging from the conveyor at the conclusion of their humiliating journey.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; He does not want to witness either one of the gruesome activities. The mere thought that both, at this very moment, are taking place makes him shudder. He is aware, however, that there must also be an area where men are being held. The thought of seeing men that he knows will soon be killed is not pleasant, but it would offer the opportunity to see members of his own sex that are alive. He has a strong feeling that he might learn a great deal by observing them even though they will probably be in a place that severely limits activity. But, if he can locate this area he would, in all likelihood, be able to overhear their conversations and gain valuable information. He also might learn a great deal by observing how women are able to achieve such devastating domination over physically stronger members of the opposite sex.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;John knows that he can not pass up this opportunity. He might not be successful in trying to locate one of the compounds, and this could be his only chance to observe men that are alive. He decides to go outside and look for an entrance that is used to bring them into the building. This should enable him to easily locate where they are being held. With this thought in mind, he starts toward the opening at the far end of the room where he assumes he will find an exit.










THE FUTURE
By C

PART I
CHAPTER 10
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;John walks through the opening leading from the unbelievable observation area, and gratefully leaves the sounds of mocking, feminine merriment. He had expected to come to an exit but, instead, finds himself in a corridor. It has a solid row of large, tinted, windows on the right, which give a breathtaking view of the immaculate grounds. The corridor is softly lit, and the atmosphere would have been soothing if it had not been for his stunned, confused, state of mind and for the displays along the opposite wall. This wall is covered with walnut paneling and has small alcoves built in where stuffed bodies are standing. Also, attached to the wall are mounted trophies on plaques and hides.

  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;John hardly notices the displays humiliating his sex. By now, they are becoming a familiar sight, and his mind is still trying to come to grips with the atrocious scene he had just witnessed. He pauses in front of one of the windows and looks absently at the peaceful, landscaped, setting. He had been so stunned from what he had just seen that he had forgotten the impressive architecture of the building and its immaculate surroundings. Seeing the manicured grounds brings the realization back and only serves to further confuse his baffled mind. He had known that there would be facilities where men would be killed and processed for food, but, in his wildest dreams, he would not have expected anything like this. It made no sense for such gruesome activity to be conducted in a building so impressive he assumed it to be a cultural center.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Another thing that John had been totally unprepared to find was an area actually being provided for spectators to view men's freshly slaughtered bodies. In addition, he had been flabbergasted by the reaction of the spectators themselves. It is one thing for women to look at human bodies that have been stuffed, but it is quite another to watch bleeding, still warm, bodies that have just been killed. He has now discovered, however, those women are not only capable of witnessing such a gruesome sight, but they actually find it entertaining and highly amusing.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;John starts down the corridor, still expecting to come to an exit. He is somewhat surprised when he reaches the end and finds himself in another long room with a glass wall and rail. It is identical to the previous except that there is a large, brightly lit, room on the opposite side. As before, women are lined up along the rail and looking at what is taking place beyond. This audience is in good spirits, but they are not laughing as much as the group he had just left. Not knowing what to expect, he walks up to an opening in the crowd. He reaches the wall, and, when the scene that lay beyond finally registers in his numbed mind, a cold chill grips his entire body.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He had assumed that displaying and humiliating the bodies of freshly slaughtered men would be the extent to which the public would be allowed to observe. The discovery that women could actually enjoy watching something so appalling had been hard to comprehend, but he had not even considered the possibility that they would desire to observe any of the far more gruesome activities that would be taking place. With shocking suddenness, he finds out how totally mistaken this assumption had been.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Directly opposite and running parallel to the glass is a row of fifteen large tables with stainless steel tops. Gutters, also of stainless steel, run around the perimeters to drains
in the corners. Each table is equipped with a rack of knives of various sizes and shapes, a meat saw, and an assortment of stainless steel trays and bowls. The floor, consisting of white ceramic tile, is lower than the viewing area enabling spectators to look down and have a close-up observation of the activity.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;There is activity on every table except for the one directly in front of John. Standing behind each of the other tables is a woman facing the glass wall and the spectators beyond. They are dressed in white smocks that are covered with red stains as are their hands and forearms. The source of the stains is obvious. Each woman is busily engaged in the process of butchering the body of a man that lays on his back before her. The extent to which the men have been butchered varies from several tables containing almost a whole body to ones that have only a few remaining pieces of meat.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A belt conveyor runs behind the tables on which the women engaged in the butchering process place trays and bowls containing internal organs and parts of bodies. The belt conveyor and its shocking burden disappear through an opening in the wall. The only exceptions are the sex organs, which are picked up and casually tossed on a table.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The overhead conveyor, that John had seen previously, enters at the left, carrying its grisly load, and runs along the back wall. The still bleeding bodies are diverted to rails located behind the tables. Here they hang motionless, upside down, as though content to put their manhood on display to a female audience while patiently waiting to be butchered. The emptied conveyor passes through an opening at the opposite end of the room to return to wherever it had started.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;This is the astounding scene that greets John as he steps up to the glass wall. Even though he had known such activity would be taking place, somewhere in the building, he is totally unprepared for the stunning shock that grips him from suddenly coming upon it in such an unbelievable setting. He can only gape in disbelief as his mind grapples with trying to comprehend what his eyes are seeing.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; At first, the magnitude makes the activity seem almost hazy, but, for some reason, his mind randomly selects things that are recorded in vivid detail as though a picture had been taken. Several things in particular will remain etched in his memory. One is the sight of a severed head, laying on its side, on the belt conveyor. The open eyes appear to be gazing at John as they pass by. The most vivid sight, however, one that he knows he will never forget, is a table that contains a large pile of nothing but severed sex organs. For several minutes, he can not tear his eyes from the unbelievable sight. Limp shafts intertwine with cone shaped heads visible at the ends of some and blood covered roots of others. Rounded, shiny surfaces of testicles and limp tubes can be seen protruding from the tops of scrotums. It staggers him to see the proud manhood of his sex reduced to lying passively in such a large pile before of a group of female spectators. It makes it even worse to know that all had recently hung between the legs of a living man and that the hand of a woman had cut off each and every one.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When John walked up to the wall, the table directly in front of him had been empty except for being covered with blood. He had been so engrossed in looking at other things that he gave it little notice until a movement taking place behind catches his attention. He looks and sees a young man's bleeding body, hanging upside down from the rail above, being pulled by two women. As soon as he is over the table his body is lowered until lying on its back. His penis lies sideways pointing toward the audience. The blood that had previously been on the table has been washed off and the wet surface sparkles in the bright overhead light. The women spread his legs and leave. His head is directly opposite John and is turned slightly so that the open, lifeless, eyes appear to be looking directly into John's own. This gives John an extremely eerie, uneasy, feeling and he quickly diverts his gaze.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;John knows what is about to happen, and his conscious mind tells him that there is no way that he can watch a human body being butchered. Yet, he finds that he is unable to force himself to leave. A strange sensation of morbid fascination has flooded over him, and, in spite of himself, remains where he is as though mesmerized. He does not have long to wait. An exceptionally beautiful young woman steps up behind the table, looks down, and allows her eyes to wander over the lifeless body lying before her. It is twice her size, and her eyes sparkle with a look of pride which is enhanced by a mischievous looking smile. She leans over, gazes into the open eyes, runs her fingers lightly over the face, and around the lips of the half open mouth. Her attention shifts to the hairy chest, and she runs her fingers through the course texture and then over the nipples. Her gaze travels slowly down the abdomen until she is staring boldly at the generous, exposed, manhood.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; For several minutes, the woman carries out a close examination of this prominent part of the male body that so vividly separates it from her own. She runs her fingers through the pubic hair and then reaches between the legs and cups the scrotum. She roles the testicles back and forth, and then jounces them up and down. Her next act is to lightly run her fingers up the shaft, around the flared ridge, and finally, over the contours of the cone shaped head. With the tips of two fingers, she lifts the penis and, turning it in different directions, looks at every detail. She then presses on both sides of the hole to force it open and gazes into the moist interior.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;This last act appears to complete the woman&#8217;s intimate examination of the genitals, but her attention to them is not over. She reaches out and starts to rapidly slap the penis and laughs at the way it flops violently back and forth. The humiliating activity causes a wave of laughter and giggles to come from the spectators, but, for John, he feels his face flush with embarrassment.

  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The woman stops her playful activity and steps back. Her actions had been done in a manner that gave the appearance of having been part of a ritual. She takes another lingering glance at the naked body, and then, without further hesitation, starts to work. She draws a medium sized knife from the rack, pushes the sharp point into the pelvis just above the pubic hair, and slices upward to the breastbone &#8211; leaving a red gash as though pulling a zipper. Laying down the knife, she pulls open the abdomen - revealing tightly packed coils of white intestines. With both hands, the woman reaches in, lifts the rope like organs, and drops them on the table. She reaches in again and clamps both ends before cutting them loose. The pile of human entrails is picked up and dropped into a large tray, which is then placed on the belt conveyor.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;John is unable to control the strange fascination that continues to grip him or the eerie sensation that he feels at the sight of a human body actually being disemboweled. He is completely mesmerized and can only gape as one internal organ after another is cut out and removed until all that remain are the prostrate and seminal vesicle. The woman lays the penis over the scrotum, holds a small glass under the head, reaches into the body cavity, squeezes the male glands, and smiles mischievously as a thick stream of seamen squirts out. She raises the glass and drinks with obvious satisfaction. After being drained of their contents and cut out, the glands are soon lying in a small bowl on the conveyor.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The young woman pauses and then picks up the saw. John watches aghast as she calmly cuts through the neck with remarkable ease. She lifts the severed head by the hair, holds it up, looks onto the open eyes, smiles, and lets out a mocking laugh. John feels a queer sensation at watching this unbelievable scene. The woman places the head, lying sideways, on a corner of the table. The experience of actually looking at a headless human body causes yet another strange sensation pass through John. He feels as though he is drifting in some type of weird dream.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The pace of the activity increases. Still using the saw, she cuts off the hands, feet, arms, legs to above the knee, and sends them down the conveyor. The sharp, serrated, teeth of the saw had cut through flesh and bone with no difficulty. She pauses and looks down at what remains of the body lying before her. It is now nothing more than a gutted torso and upper thighs, but the impressive genitals still vividly reveal the identity.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; It&#8217;s this part of the body that that once again becomes the focal point of attention. The woman picks up a small knife, cuts around the triangular shape of pubic hair, and under the scrotum. She peels back the skin of the hairy patch and pulls until the moist, pink, flesh at the base of the penis is exposed. With her right hand, she picks up a narrow bladed knife that is curved at the end and, grasping the genitals with her left, pulls outward to stretch the exposed flesh at the base of the shaft. She thrusts the blade deep into the pelvis next to the root and cuts around the circular shape. It does not take long for the remains of the body to surrender its impressive symbol of manhood to this lovely young woman. A symbol that, for thousands of years, men had looked upon with defiant pride now appears content to lay limp, like a fallen bird, in a small, delicate feminine hand.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Holding the severed genitals by the patch of hair, the woman laughs as she swings them back and forth in front of the lifeless face. The humiliating act brings another wave of laughter from the spectators, and John again feels his face burn.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The young woman lays the sex organs on a cutting block, picks up a knife, slices off the skin containing the pubic hair, puts the fur like pelt into a small plastic bag and places it in a pocket of her smock. A vivid picture flashes through John's mind of rows of similar looking pelts attached to living room walls. In an instant he knows that at least part of the mystery behind the baffling displays has been solved. He had assumed, almost from the start, that the pelts represented a tally of some sort, but had been unable to think what it might be. Now, there is little doubt in his mind that he knows the answer. Each one of the pelts represents the body of a man that had been personally butchered by the woman who lived in the house.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;To John, this can mean only one thing. The young woman butchering the body directly in front of him, along with the women behind other tables, were not employees but members of the general public. It means everyday women in this society periodically butchers a man's body and takes the pubic hair as a souvenir of her achievement. The variation in the number of pelts now makes sense - the older the woman the larger the number. It also explains the reason why one home had contained two such displays. The one that had over two hundred represented the tally of a mother while the other, with only two, of a daughter who had only recently started the gruesome practice. The answer to this mystery comes to John almost immediately and does not require a great deal of conscious thought. He has little doubt that he is correct, but he is too engrossed in the unbelievable activity to try and think of a logical reason why everyday women would actually want to butcher freshly slaughtered bodies.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The woman puts the severed sex organs in a small bowl and places it on the conveyor. She next lifts the head by the hair, takes one last mocking look at the face, and places it also on the rolling belt. She again picks up the saw and cuts through the rib cage and then the pelvic bone. She turns the torso over and saws along the backbone until it is completely cut in half. When the two pieces are rolled apart, John is struck with how much they resemble two small sides of beef rather than the remains of what, only a short time ago, had been the living body of a healthy, human male. It had been reduced to a state that it can truly be classified as being nothing more than a butchered carcass in every sense of the word. Another woman comes up and helps lift the two halves on the conveyor.
&nbsp;&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;There is nothing left. The table is empty except for being covered with blood as when John first arrived. The beautiful young woman, whose small, female hands had just finished butchering a man&#8217;s body, turns and leaves the room. Two other women come up and wash the blood off the table until it once again sparkles in the overhead light. They then pull another body out along the overhead rail. It is not long before it is lying on its back in the same position as the previous with legs spread and limp penis curving sideways toward the female spectators.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The women leave to attend other duties, and another woman starts walking toward the table. This one is middle aged. She steps up to the table and proudly looks at the lifeless body. She then begins to follow the actions of her predecessor, and is soon enthusiastically slapping the limp penis wildly back and forth. The activity had almost duplicate those of the younger woman, and, in John's opinion, confirms his suspicion that the procedure is part of a ritual.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The eerie feeling of morbid fascination that had griped him and compelled him to watch every detail of the previous episode has eased. But, even at its height, it had not been so overpowering that it kept him from also experiencing other emotions. Seeing the body of a member of his proud sex succumb to such humiliating and atrocious treatment being performed by a women, while others watched, had caused him to feel extreme shame and embarrassment. The muscular physique and, especially, the impressive endowment being humbled and manipulated with such ease had only served to make the shame and embarrassment that much greater. John has no desire to stay and watch the body of yet another member of his sex lay passively as it also submits to the same gruesome procedure.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; He steps away from the glass with his mind dwelling on the fact that a different woman is now standing behind the table. This observation makes him even more convinced that he is correct in assuming that the women in the processing room are members of the general population. He is also convinced that the pelts of pubic hair, being prominently displayed on living room walls, are souvenirs from male bodies that were personally butchered by the women living in the households.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It is almost beyond John's comprehension to accept that an average, everyday, women, even in a society such as this, could possibly bring herself to perform such a grisly activity. Yet, there can be no denying what he had seen. The beautiful young woman that had just finished had performed her task with extreme efficiency and had obviously enjoyed herself immensely. Her actions, along with those of the others he had noticed, make him question his earlier belief that these women still contain a basic nature of compassion. There is certainly not any compassion being shown toward the recently slain bodies of the unfortunate young men on the other side of the glass wall. The whole episode has left him humiliated, baffled, and more confused than he had been the entire day.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He moves away from the glass and slowly manages to regain some of his composure. He intently searches the face of one woman after another in an attempt to find some clue that might give any insight into what their actual feelings might be. They are obviously in good spirits, but they are not laughing hysterically as the previous audience had been doing. The only laughter he had been aware of had been when sex organs were being subjected to ridicule.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; In studying women&#8217;s faces, John sees that they display looks of pride. This is one reaction that does not surprise him. The members of this female society obviously consider themselves far superior to males and enjoy seeing it being demonstrated.&nbsp; And, he has to admit, he has seen nothing the entire day that demonstrated their total dominance as dramatically as what he had just witnessed.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;John sees another emotion also being displayed but, at first, does not recognize it for what it is. This is primarily due to this particular reaction being the last thing he would have expected to find in an atmosphere such as this. Realization suddenly dawns, but he finds it hard to believe and searches the faces looking for some other explanation. None can be found. In addition to looks of feminine pride, the women's eyes flash with a look of excitement that is entirely different in nature. Most are either lightly nibbling at moist, lips or running the tips tongues over them. Their partly open mouths contain unmistakable looks of desire. He had seen this same expression on the faces of women he had seduced in the past not to recognize it. He is looking at a group of women that are in a state of obvious sexual excitement. Any lingering doubt is dispelled when he sees that many are pressing a hand between their legs. There are also pronounced bulges of erect nipples outlined beneath blouses and sweaters - some of which are being lightly massaged. He is totally dismayed, but there is no denying what he sees. The sight of men&#8217;s bodies being butchered is actually sexually arousing the women spectators.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He has no idea how long he continues to stare in amassment. He can not believe this type of reaction being possible under such brutal circumstances. He is finally able to gain some semblance of control and realizes that nothing will be gained by gaping in disbelief. He looks around and tries to decide which way to go. There is an opening at the far end of the room, and he had noticed women periodically going in that direction. This can mean only one of two things. The women that left were either headed for an exit, or they were on their way to witness yet another event. There is only one other event that he can think of that would be taking place, and the mere thought that it might also be conducted in public makes his blood run cold. A short while ago, he would have thought such a thing would have been impossible, but, after what he has witnessed, he can no longer be sure of anything.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; John hesitates and wonders if he has the courage to proceed in that direction and find out. The more he thinks about it the more he realizes that he has no choice. He knows it would be difficult to live with himself if he backs out now. These women have proven themselves to be highly capable of defeating the men of this future era, but he can not allow them to also defeat him by mere default. He must prove that he, at least, is capable of being a man in this society even though no one will know it but himself. Regardless of what may lay ahead, he has to proceed and find out what it is. With this determined thought in mind, he strides purposefully toward the opening at the far end of the room.









 THE FUTURE
By C

PART I
CHAPTER 11
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;John leaves the processing room viewing area and finds himself in another corridor. Like the previous one, it has large windows on the right overlooking the immaculate grounds. The wall on the left, however, is different with a row of half windows running at shoulder height. Beyond, is a brightly-lit room bustling with activity. It contains various types of gleaming equipment that women are using to cut, slice, grind, and package items of meat. They go about their duties in an efficient manner with a look of professionals. If it wasn&#8217;t for ominous objects hanging from large hooks and laying on tables, the operation would appear to be nothing out of the ordinary. The corridor has no facilities for spectators, and it is apparent that the activity is only intended to be viewed while passing by.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; After hesitating briefly, John proceeds down the corridor. It is longer than the other and curves around toward the rear of the building. He finally comes to a large set of highly polished wooden double doors. Over the doors, in gold letters, is the word "ARENA". He is unsure what this designation might indicate and tries to prepare himself for whatever might be on the other side. Several women come by, open one of the doors and pass through. He takes a deep breath and follows them inside.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The term "arena" is well suited for the huge room in which John finds himself. It contains numerous rows of plush, padded, seats that slope downward to a circular floor. A large number of the seats are occupied, and the size of the audience far exceeds any he had seen in any other part of the building. It is obvious that it is here that the main attraction is taking place.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; John only briefly takes in the size of the audience before his eyes are drawn toward the floor of the arena itself. It consists of white ceramic tile, like that in the processing room, but this hardly registers in his mind. It is the activity taking place that immediately gets his undivided attention. He sees the naked body of a young man, bleeding from a hole in his left breast, being drug by the feet toward an overhead conveyor. The conveyor is obviously the same that he had seen in other parts of the building, and the bleeding bodies of several men, hanging upside down, can be seen before passing beneath the stands. It is moving slowly with the same jerking motion that causes frantic, humiliating, antics to take place between the spread legs.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Two women, walking side by side and each holding a foot, are dragging the body across the floor. The man&#8217;s open eyes appear to gaze upward at the bright lights high overhead, and his out flung arms trail behind. The body is leaving a smeared streak of blood that leads to a depressed circle with a drain in the center. The large amount of blood inside of the circle makes it obvious that this is where the death had occurred.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; A woman, her face beaming with excitement, stands to one side. She is holding a large bow, and there is little doubt that it had been the instrument of death. There is also little doubt that she was the one responsible. A narrow table stands behind her that has a row of arrows lying upon it. The overhead lights reflect from the bright, razor sharp, points. Other women are standing or moving at various locations. All are wearing identical outfits which consist of short, pink, athletic style skirts and matching, tight fitting, pink tops made from an extremely soft looking material. The freedom with which their breasts jiggle from the slightest movement makes it obvious that none are wearing anything underneath.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;This is the startling scene that had greets John upon entering, and, once again, he can only stand and gape in disbelief. He had tried to prepare himself for the possibility that slayings might actually be conducted in public, but, he had not been expecting to find anything coming remotely close to this. The young man had clearly been slain, only moments before, in front of this massive female audience. Nothing that John had seen all day, not even in the processing room, had prepared him to suddenly discover that the women of this society have actually turned the activity of slaughtering men for food into a spectator sport.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;John sees movement, out of the corner of his eye, on the opposite side of the arena floor and looks to see what it is. For the first time since his arrival in this future era he finds himself looking at a living human male. There is no difference between this individual and the countless others that he had seen except for being alive. Like the others, he is naked, young, large and muscular, and generously endowed. He is standing between two women and each has a hand on an arm. The women lead him across the floor and stop a short distance from the circular depression. The realization that, after all of this time, he is actually observing a man that is alive makes John look with great interest. The first thing he notices is that the young man appears to be totally unconcerned at being naked in front of a large number of women. The next observation, even more startling, is that the he shows no reaction at seeing a dead body being drug across the floor or those hanging from the conveyor.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The conveyor comes to a stop that causes the hanging bodies to swing back and forth. The two women dragging the man across the floor reach the end, and several others come up and assist in lifting him until he also is hanging upside down. The conveyor starts again, and the jerking action causes the man's vanquished sex to appear to spring to life with the same frantic activity as all the others. Like the rest, they give the impression of being alive and eager to humiliate themselves in front of women's eyes. The young man that was still alive had watched this activity idly, and his only reaction had been one of indifference.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;While all of this had been taking place, several women had taken hoses and washed the blood from the floor - leaving the wet tile sparkling white. The women escorting the man lead him into the center of the circular depression, release him, and leave. He stands obediently, making no attempt to move. A woman walks up to the table, selects an arrow, and picks up the bow. John is somewhat surprised to see that she is not the one that had committed the previous deed.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The woman now holding the bow walks forward and stops a short distance in front of the young man. She inserts the notch into the string and pulls it part way back with the arrow pointing toward the floor. She gazes at her victim, and her face starts to register a look of increasing excitement. The man stands calmly and returns her gaze. The fact that he is only moments from death apparently does not bother him in the least. "My God." thinks John, "That poor bastard doesn&#8217;t even know what&#8217;s going to happen. The woman turns sideways and takes an archer&#8217;s stance as she raises the bow while, at the same time, drawing the arrow back to its full length. She tilts her head, sights down the shaft, and aims the gleaming point.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;John finds himself unable to turn away. He realizes that the death of this young man is imminent and that he is actually going to witness it. A strange feeling comes over him that he is unable to control. In spite of his shock and revulsion, he begins to experience a strange sensation of fascination in knowing that the young, healthy body of the man below is within moments of being dead.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The woman hesitates only briefly before releasing the bow.&nbsp; There is a swishing sound, followed by a thud, and a slicing sound as the arrow buries itself in the left breast. The woman's aim was true. The arrow pierced the heart and penetrated the chest completely. It protrudes from the left shoulder blade, and the point, that had sparkled so brightly moments before, is dark red. The man utters a brief, startled cry that is cut short by a gurgling sound. All of the sounds had been so clear that it is obvious that sensitive microphones had been nearby. For a brief moment he stands as though nothing had happened. The only change in his appearance is a stunned, open mouthed, expression on his face. Suddenly, his knees buckle, and he falls backward. His body makes a loud thud and slapping sound as it hits the wet tile.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; John is startled when, moments later, the body suddenly heaves upward in a violent spasm. Numerous others quickly follow, and the lifeless body begins to jerk rapidly. The movement causes the limp penis to flop in all directions with jouncing testicles doing the same. John is totally unaware that his eyes had been instinctively drawn to the humiliating antics of the male organs. The jerking begins to subside and gradually decrease until, after several final twitches, they stop completely. The body ends up lying on its side with the genitals draped over one thigh.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The woman walks up and, with an air of triumphant pride, looks at her vanquished victim. She puts a right foot on his shoulder and, in a manner showing utter disdain, gives a shove causing his body to roll heavily on its back and fling a limp arm outward. Still using her feet, she forces the legs apart, and then, with the tow of her shoe, lifts the penis until it is pointing up at her. She utters a short laugh as she flips it away.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; She then turns and walks to the same spot where the previous woman had been standing when John had first entered. The two women that had led the man to the spot where he died step forward, pull the arrow from his chest, pick up his feet, and start dragging him across the floor - leaving a trail of smeared blood. It is not long before he also is hanging upside-down with his sex flopping frantically in every direction.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Another young man had been led into the arena during this process. The scene that John had previously witnessed is obviously about to be repeated. A different woman steps forward and picks up an arrow and the bow. It is not long before the body of this next victim is lying on the floor and jerking in the same humiliating manner.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;John can only stand and gape as the activity is repeated again and again with endless regularity. All of the women are obviously skilled in the use of a bow and arrow. Each time, the arrows strike the center of the hearts. Each time, they completely penetrate the chests so that bloodstained points are visible protruding from naked backs. Each time, death is instantaneous. John is unable to control a tingling sensation of mesmerizing fascination that grips him moments before witnessing yet another a human male suffer a sudden and violent death.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;All of the victims actions are the same. None show either embarrassment or fear and appear unaware that death is imminent. Upon being shot, they utter a brief, startled cry that ends in a gurgling sound - their faces register an expression of stunned surprise - they die instantly but continue to stand for several moments, as though nothing had happened, before collapsing to the floor - their bodies begin to jerk in humiliating fashion from spasms caused by the suddenness of death. It is almost as though a performance had been rehearsed, and is being repeated over and over. The only noticeable change is in the individuals on the floor. Each slaying is performed by a different woman who leaves the arena as soon as the body is hanging from the conveyor. Another woman then enters and begins to take part in various activities until she has participated in every one of the functions - her final act being that of killing a man before she also departs.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The age of the participants ranged from young women in their teens to some that were well along in years. This fact, combined with the constant rotation, reminds John that it was the same in the processing room. The comparison makes him suddenly wonder if the men are being slaughtered by members of the general public - everyday, ordinary, women. If this is the case, it leads to an ominous but obvious conclusion. The women leaving the arena would make their way to the processing room and personally butcher the body of the very man they had killed. The more that he thinks about it the more he is convinced he that this is indeed the case.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The souvenir pelt of pubic hair suddenly takes on a much greater significance than merely representing the act of butchering a male&#8217;s body. If John is correct, and he feels sure that he is, the souvenir would represent the body of a man that a woman had personally killed with her own hand. Each pelt would be vivid reminder of a personal triumph over the stronger body of a member of the opposite sex. The harsh reality of what this means can not be avoided. As hard as it is for John to comprehend, he has to accept it being possible that every single woman in this female society routinely slays men that are in the prime of life. Such acts, by everyday women, would be the most convincing evidence yet that the word "compassion", as far as the human male is concerned, has absolutely no meaning whatsoever to the members of this female society.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;One of these members makes a vivid impression. She is an older woman that appears to be in her late sixties. She has a kindly face and looks to be epitome of a warm, loving, caring grandmother. He would not have thought it possible that such a gentle looking woman could be capable of harming any living creature - to say nothing of willingly taking a human life. Yet, without hesitation, she sends an arrow on its deadly journey and, afterward, beams with pride while looking at her now lifeless victim.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The most difficult of all for John to accept, however, are the actions of the young women in their late teens and early twenties. Even under the extraordinary circumstances, he can not help but admire their beauty. Their lovely, young, faces seem to radiate a look of youthful innocence, and, like the gentle looking elderly woman, appear to be totally incapable of harming a living creature. Not only is this appearance proven to be false, time after time in dramatic and devastating fashion, but the unrestrained enthusiasm and excitement being displayed far exceeds that of any of the other women. The exuberance makes it clear that they are enjoying themselves to the fullest and having the time of their young lives.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;John has no idea how long he stands staring at the floor of the arena, totally engrossed by the activity on its white surface. He also has lost all track of the number of men that he had seen die. He had been aware of applause, laughter, and other crowd noises coming from the audience, but, except for a brief glance upon first entering, he had given them little thought. His undivided attention had been riveted at what was taking place below. His confused mind continuously reeled from experiencing a variety of changing emotions that ranged from profound shock and outrage to that of an eerie fascination flooding over him moments before witnessing yet another death. It is only gradually that he is finally able to calm down enough to begin wondering about the reactions of the audience.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The emotions that John sees the women spectators displaying shock him beyond belief. They appear to radiate with defiant looks of feminine pride that are far more intense than he had seen earlier. But, as intense as they were, they were overshadowed by unmistakable expressions that can only be seen on the faces of women who are in an extreme state of sexual arousal. Everywhere he looks he sees women with hands under their skirts who are openly masturbating. Time after time, he sees bodies jerk and quiver in the mist of violent organisms. Quite often, after only a short pause, many begin again. All around him, he hears the groans and outcries that only a woman can make when experiencing extreme sexual excitement. He had heard these sounds earlier, intermingled with other crowd noises, but had been too engrossed in the activity taking place below to recognize them for what they were.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It does not take him long to notice that most of the organisms occur moments after a man has been slain and while his body is still jerking. It appears obvious that seeing naked men being killed is the part that arouses the greatest excitement. During the climaxes, instead of closing their eyes, most of the women keep them riveted on the frantic, humiliating, antics taking place between lifeless legs. The intensity of repeated climaxes noticeably increase until, finally, the female bodies appear to almost explode in achieving the ultimate organism. Afterward, the women sit back for a while, completely drained, with a dreamy, satisfied, look of contentment that is so distinct on a woman's face after she has received total, sexual, fulfillment.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; It does not take long, however, for them to again get caught up in the excitement of watching the continuing activity. This time, the enthusiasm appears to be more amusement and pride than sexual. They grow quite just before the moment of death, and they appear to hold their breaths while eyes sparkle with a looks of excited anticipation. They cheer and applaud the loudest when the arrows strike home, and the laughter is always the greatest when the suddenly lifeless bodies are humiliating themselves in ultimate defeat. Quite often, laughter becomes so intense that tears roll down cheeks.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;John is completely bewildered as to why women would become sexually aroused, to an extreme degree, from watching such bloody atrocities taking place. And afterward, to make it even worse, to sit back and laugh with uncontrollable merriment while watching men die.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The thought suddenly comes to him that he also is a man. If he had had the misfortune to be born in this future era his fate would be sealed - condemned to be killed by a woman at a young age and his body humiliated and butchered for food in front of women spectators &#8211; and, all of this to happen for no other reason than being born a male. The combined sounds of feminine laughter and moans of sexual excitement begin to echo through his head. He starts to feel dizzy and murky images of hundreds of women's faces, every one of them laughing, enters his mind. Each one of them is looking directly at him &#8211; laughing directly at him - mocking his sex as well as him personally. He feels that he must get out of this place as soon as possible or surely loose his sanity. He looks around wildly for a way out and gratefully sees an exit close by. He rushes toward it and is soon outside with the sounds of mocking laughter still ringing in his head.










THE FUTURE
By C

PART I
CHAPTER 12

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;John rushes from the building, his mind reeling on the verge of panic. He runs down a winding walk and comes to one of the small gardens containing brightly colored flowers. There is no one around, and he gratefully collapses on a bench amongst the peaceful surroundings. His chest heaves, his heart pounds madly, and his mind races wildly. Any shred of the composure he had been determined to maintain has been completely shattered. It is a long time before he gradually calms down enough to start trying to regain some semblance of control. Once again, for more times than he cares to remember, he tries to collect his thoughts. In the past few hours, he has witnessed numerous unbelievable things that have astounded, shocked, and stunned him into a state of disbelief.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Almost every discovery had gotten progressively more bizarre, and this last episode had clearly been the most unnerving of all. He gazes absently at the impressive building. It is almost beyond comprehension to realize that the atrocities he had witnessed being committed against members of his sex are, at this very moment, still going on inside. Reality is brought back when he hears the deep roar of an engine being started and then sees a large refrigerator truck pull out from a service area behind the building. He watches it go down a drive, turn into the street, and disappear. He shudders when he thinks of the cargo it contains.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He can only shake his head as he again looks at the building and tranquil surroundings. There is no telling the untold number of men who have walked into its interior as living human beings and left as cold, refrigerated, packages of meat. The blood that had flowed individually through their veins upon entering would be left behind, mixed with that of numerous others, to flow instead in the drains that ran beneath the floor. There is no doubt that thousands upon thousands have been slaughtered and butchered inside the building and, in all probability, other such places exist that conduct similar activity.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The enormity floods over John like a tidal wave. The thousands upon thousands of men that have died inside the building were not killed by superhuman amazons. They were killed by ordinary, everyday, members of a female society whose beauty and femininity give an appearance of innocent vulnerability. The intriguing outfits they all wore seemed to indicate a desire to emphasize being female as they performed such devastating dominance against members of the opposite sex. It this is indeed the intent, it had proven to be extremely effective.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; There is clearly nothing superhuman about the woman that had reminded him so much of a loving grandmother, but there is no denying the result of her actions. If he is correct in his assumption, this kindly looking woman, after the completion of her performance, would have made her way to the processing room to assist in various activities. Her final task would be to butcher the body that she had taken such pleasure in slaying. In this endeavor, her actions would duplicate those of the others he had observed.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; A picture crosses John&#8217;s mind of this elderly woman, with such a kind face, smiling mischievously as she playfully dangles a limp penis and scrotum in front the open eyes of a severed head. A shudder passes through him. By now, she would probably have completed her task and have a pelt of pubic hair to add to her collection. For someone her age, the collection would undoubtedly number in the hundreds - all taken by her hand from other bodies she had slain. John finds it extremely depressing to comprehend such a gentle looking woman being responsible for, single-handedly, killing hundreds of strong, healthy men, and he forces himself to think of something else.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It is only natural that his thoughts turn to the extremely beautiful and desirable younger women that had also participated in the arena. Certainly, there was nothing superhuman about any of those lovely young women. He remembers that his shocked and stunned senses had not been in such a state as to prevent him from staring at them with typical, male, admiration. They were especially appealing in their short, pink skirts and tight fitting tops. The freedom with which their unrestrained young breasts jiggled so enchantingly underneath only served to enhance their desirability.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; No, these feminine bodies that John had admired do not belong to superhuman amazons, but are the soft, desirable, bodies of beautiful young women. They give every appearance of being vulnerable, defenseless females and incapable of harming any living creature. But, the skilled manner with which they carried out their devastating deeds showed how deceiving this outward appearance had been.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; He remembers that of all the men he had seen perish, it had been the ones falling to the hands of these lovely, innocent looking, young women that had been the hardest to accept. His male pride had instinctively rebelled at seeing such powerful bodies of members of his sex being slain and humiliated by them with such ease. Yet, the facts could not be denied regardless of how hard they were to accept. The simple act of allowing their fingers to slip off the string of a drawn bow was all that was required. The vibration caused by the jarring force of the released bow would make the unrestrained young breasts jiggle as the arrow was sent on its deadly journey. In a brief instant, the men would be dead even before the soft, feminine, mounds stopped quivering. As a result of this simple act, bodies that moments before had been healthy, living, men, would collapse and jerk violently in total humiliation. After that, they became still, and their ability to move had ceased forever - the exposed symbols of manhood lying limp and lifeless while warm blood continued to flow through soft feminine folds, the very folds that were intended to be submissive to these vanquished symbols, towered over them in triumphant victory.

  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;John remembers another thing he found especially hard to accept was the enthusiasm they showed. All of the women, regardless of age, had displayed pleasure and excitement, but the older ones gave the impression of having performed the deed on numerous occasions and being somewhat accustom to them. The younger ones, on the other hand, almost bubbled with excitement of pure joy, and their eyes sparkled with unrestrained glee. The obvious reason, of course, is that it was still new to younger precipitates. For some, it might have even been their first experience. But, to John, this made little difference. Out of all the agonizing things he had seen, the sight of beautiful, young women reacting with such enthusiasm as they killed men in cold-blood was the most difficult to accept.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;His thoughts begin to wander and turned to the fantastic young woman that he initially encountered early this morning. It might have been simply because she was the first but, of all the extraordinarily beautiful women he observed afterward, none made a similar impression. He remembers the intriguing smile that had been on her face and how he felt envious of the man in her life he assumed was the reason behind the smile. He shakes his head at the irony of how much he had misinterpreted the meaning. Whatever reason for the smile, it certainly had nothing to do with romance. If, by chance, it had been in anticipation of a rendezvous with a man the results of that rendezvous, by now, could have been on the truck that had just left - or on another carrying a similar cargo. He feels a sense of depressed longing as he is reminded of that first encounter and how carefree his spirits had been. It seems that it had happened a lifetime ago rather than a matter of hours.

  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The peaceful atmosphere of the garden is having a soothing effect on John, and his composure gradually returns. He begins to reflect on the significance of the astounding events taking place inside the building. They are, by far, the most shocking and unbelievable discoveries he has made the entire day. Of these discoveries, there is one that overshadows all of the rest. It overshadows the bleeding, freshly killed, bodies humiliating themselves as they hang upside-down from the jerking conveyor, the atrocious spectacle of men being butchered in front of women spectators, and even the astounding discovery that this female society not only openly kill men in public, but have actually turned it into a popular and exciting spectator sport.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The most profound and shocking thing of all for John to comprehend is the realization that every woman in this society kills men on a regular basis. He realizes that he might not have total proof, but he has little doubt that this is indeed the case. He thinks back on the untold number of women and girls in their late teens he had observed and admired. It is a chilling and sober thought to comprehend that, in all probability, every single one has been guilty of routinely killing men in cold blood.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;John wonders how he will feel, from now on, when looking at women that he will encounter. It had been hard enough to look at them after becoming aware of the large quantity of male flesh and sex organs their female bodies routinely digested. Now, in addition, he will be faced with knowing that each and every one is also guilty of taking human life. At least to him it is human life. But, an act that in his time would be considered brutal murder is now nothing more than something done in public on a massive scale. It might well be that performing in the arena is a required obligation in much the same manner as jury duty in his time.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; There is no doubt that these women regard their own lives as being sacred, but they place no value at all on the life of a male beyond how it can be used to serve their own interest. John had reached this obvious conclusion some time ago, but the full impact of just how true it is had been vividly brought home by the events he had just witnessed - especially on the floor of the arena. Not only are the slayings so completely accepted that it is done openly, but the members of this female society not only find it to be amusing, enjoyable, and exciting, but also become extremely sexually aroused while watching.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;John's thoughts turn to his feeble attempts to unravel this unbelievable mystery when he had been sitting on the rock by the stream. He can only shake his head in dismay at how naive he had been at trying to find a plausible explanation when he had known so little of what was actually going on. The enormity of what he has now witnessed, especially the events still being conducted inside the building, makes him realize how fruitless it would be to try and rationalize any plausible explanation. He feels confident that he was correct in at least one of his earlier assumptions that whatever happened had to be catastrophic and worldwide. He also retains the opinion that, whatever it was, it depleted the male population so drastically that woman were able to seize undisputed power. But, accepting these conclusions and trying to speculate on how they could have possibly evolved into something like this is an entirely different matter.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The women in this society might well be accepting a way of life that is the only one that they have ever known. But, at some point, it had to be started, and the women responsible would have known, full well, the magnitude of what they were doing. Some of the more radical women of that time might have hatred all members of the male sex, but the vast majority would be mothers, daughters, wives, and sweethearts that would feel nothing but love and compassion for the men in their lives. It would be ludicrous to assume that such an appalling practice against the entire male population could have started, on a worldwide basis, without this majority accepting such drastic action being necessary. Doing this against men that were barbaric savages would be one thing, but for women to willingly allow sons, fathers, husbands, and lovers to be sacrificed in such an inhumane and atrocious manner defies all imagination.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Every ounce of reason that John possesses tells him that such an occurrence, even on a limited basis, would have been impossible &#8211; to say nothing of being worldwide. Yet, as impossible as it might seem, there can be no denying that, somehow, it had indeed come to pass. The enormity of the profound circumstances that would have been required to create such an impossible situation makes him realize it would be a useless to try and rationalize any plausible explanation. He forces himself to take his thoughts off of the subject and manages to again let his mind wander.

&nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He gazes at the building and thinks about how observing the events taking place in the arena had at least provided an answer to a mystery that had intrigued him almost from the start. This mystery had been how women were able to dominate and control a physically stronger male population to such a profound degree. He had spent a great deal of time speculating about this subject, and one of his major goals had been to try and find a place where men were being held to discover how it was accomplished. But, this goal is no longer important. Until a short while ago, he had assumed that the men would be intelligent and capable of rational thought. He had also assumed that they were confined in heavily guarded compounds and tricked by some ingenious method that kept them from knowing what was really going on. Now that he realizes the answer he can only wonder at what had made him jump to such a false conclusion.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The method used to control the male population is so obvious that John can not believe he had not thought of it from the start. It is not necessary for women to resort to ingenious methods of deception to keep men ignorance of the fate that awaits them. The men are not kept in ignorance, they are ignorant, totally and completely, in every sense of the word. He realizes now that it would be pointless for males to be educated beyond that necessary to be trained to obey simple commands and, as a result, are more closely aligned to dumb animals than intelligent humans. He now understands why none of the men had not shown any embarrassment or fear and had meekly allowed themselves to be led to slaughter. They had been no more aware of what was taking place than if they had truly been heads of cattle.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; John shakes his head in realizing the profound consequences between being born male or female in this society. He finds himself contemplating the destiny that would befall a set of twins - one a girl - the other a boy. The girl would receive the loving warmth of a mother and experience a life filled with happiness. The boy, on the other hand, would face a far different destiny. He would be raised in the same indifferent manner as livestock. He would be fed and given shelter, but his life would be void of tenderness or affection. He would never experience human emotions. He would simply exist. He would live a life of total ignorance that was destined to come to a violent end at a young age. A violent end caused by the hand of a woman. A woman that, if chance permitted, could be his twin sister. Such are the dire consequences awaiting a body containing a penis.

John again finds himself reflecting that he also has a penis and, if born in this future era, would face the same destiny. This thought causes him to suddenly realize that he might not have been born in this future era, but he is indeed in it at this very moment. The only thing that prevents being seen is the cloaking device that makes him invisible. If the device failed he would surely be in a dire predicament. The sight of a man wandering around would undoubtedly create turmoil, and he would be apprehended immediately. If this should happen, he wonders what the reaction would be when his captors discovered that he possessed intelligence equal to their own. He could hardly expect them to believe a bizarre story of traveling through time, and, even if they did, he doubts it would make any difference. In all probability, any woman of authority would consider that a male with intelligence might create a troublesome influence and order him to be executed immediately. He would receive no trial. He would be given no chance to defend himself. He would, in fact, have no rights whatsoever. He would be sentenced to death even though he had committed no crime. He would be condemned and executed for one reason and one reason only - he had been born male.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;For the first time since his arrival, John begins to feel uneasy about his safety. Up to this point, he had been stunned, shocked, and appalled by what he had seen but, at the same time, had looked upon himself as being an outside observer and, as such, safely isolated from the unbelievable treatment being given to members of his sex. The thought never entered his mind of something happening that would place him in jeopardy. Now, all of a sudden, he can not be sure.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The realization that discovery would mean almost certain death is bad enough, but, what unnerves him even more is thinking of what might happen afterward. An uneasy feeling settles in his stomach in realizing he can not rule out it being possible that he, a man of the twentieth century, could wind up being killed and butchered in front of a group of laughing female spectators. A strange sensation comes over him as he finds himself wondering if his final destiny could be to actually have his body eaten by women - including his proud sex organs. A picture of his roasted penis, lying on a plate with cooked juices dribbling from the hole, flashes through his mind.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; John shakes his head to rid it of the haunting image. He tries to force himself to calm down. In all probability, his body, including his manhood, would be considered too puny to be used of food. This thought might have made him feel better if it had not been for another possibility coming to mind. He might be considered such an oddity that he would be made into a trophy and displayed in a museum. An image of his head and genitals mounted on a plaque and hanging on a wall enters his mind that is soon followed by an even more disturbing picture. He sees his stuffed body standing on a raised platform and being visible to any woman that passes.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; In the past, he had considered it to be of little concern about wondering what might happen to his body after death. But, the realization that he can not rule out it actually being possible that his final fate might be to wind up being stuffed and placed naked on permanent display is extremely unnerving. His body would be subjected to constant ridicule as countless women looked with amusement at every intimate detail. The fact that he would be dead and unaware of anything taking place offers little comfort.

  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;John gazes longingly toward the sky in trying to project his fears to the unseen space ship above. He then remembers the people telling him that he would be monitored at all times. If this is true, he would certainly be returned to the ship immediately if any type of malfunction took place in the cloaking device. This thought causes the fear that had begun overtaking him to subside. He has no reason to think that he had not been told the truth and, when the time comes, will be returned to his own time.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; John decides to just walk at random and see what develops. He gets up and wanders aimlessly along one of the paths leading from the building. He glances back and takes a final look before it passes from view. Once again, he experiences a shudder as he thinks of the activities taking place within the immaculate, marble covered walls.











THE FUTURE
By C

PART I
CHAPTER 13


 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;John leaves the "Hill Street Processing Plant" and continues his journey. He is now in the outskirts of the city and finds himself walking along a sparsely populated road that is mostly wooded on both sides. He tries to keep from thinking of the atrocious events he had so recently witnessed, but they had been so profound that this proves to be impossible. Vivid images flash through his mind of young men, one after another, being slaughtered and humiliated.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The trees along the right side of the road begin to thin and he soon comes to what is apparently a recreation area. It is sparsely populated except for a group of women standing around a cloud of billowing smoke next to a picnic shelter. He decides to go over for a closer look, and, as he approaches, he finds that the women are standing so close that he is unable to see what they are looking at. It is only after he gets right behind that he can observe the object of their attention.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The women are standing around a bed of glowing coals over which a large spit slowly revolves. Attached to the spit is the body of a young man. His arms are secured behind his back, and his feet are attached to the ends of a cross bar which result in his legs being spread. The steel rod enters the body between the legs and emerges from the mouth. There is a hole in the left breast and another in the back. The abdomen had been sliced down the middle from the breast bone to the top of the pubic hair.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;John is somewhat startled by the suddenness with which he comes upon such a profound scene in an area built for public recreation, but, by now, he has witnessed far to much to be overly surprised. His previous experiences, however, do not prevent a strange, eerie, sensation from coming over him at seeing a human body revolving over a fire in the same manner that a side of beef would be similarly cooked in his own time. The weird feeling increases when he gazes at the lifeless face whose open eyes give the appearance of being awake but unconcerned about what is going on.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Visible waves can be seen simmering around the body which gives clear evidence of the extreme heat. The skin has turned golden brown and is wet from cooked juices that cause it to glisten as it reflects light from red hot coals. They make a sizzling sound as they drip and hit the glowing embers causing smoke to billow and swirl which, undoubtedly, will instill a smoked flavor to the flesh.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The body is firmly attached to the spit and the only movement comes from the impressive sex organs hanging from a thick patch of glistening wet hair. The large penis curves in a manner that appears to be partially erect, and the bulging scrotum drapes over a thigh as the body turns sideways. They both hang down as it revolves on the stomach. As the body starts up the other side, the sex organs repeat their movement except in the opposite direction. When it reaches the point of revolving on the back the testicles can be seen moving within the scrotum as it sags between spread legs. The thick, curved, shaft suddenly flops heavily from one side to the other. The swollen head is uplifted dispelling any doubt that it is indeed partially erect. A small stream of clear juices trickles from the partially open hole. John remembers that the roasted penises he had seen earlier had also looked to be partially erect. What he now sees leaves no doubt that, for some reason, the process of being cooked causes this part of the male body to become noticeably enlarged.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The revolving motion continues and the testicles move along the surface of the thigh until the scrotum once again drapes over it, and the penis curves downward in the same manner as before. The cycle is repeated again and again. The movements of the sex organs are the same with the exception that the penis looks like it is still growing. John can not say for certain, but the shaft seems to be thicker and the curve less pronounced. The head also appears to be more swollen and the opening of the hole larger.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;With a start, John realizes that he has been staring, almost hypnotically, at the degrading performance that the man&#8217;s sex has been putting on in front of a group of women. He is embarrassed to realize that, once again, his attention had been drawn to this intimate part of another man's body. He looks away and glances at the circle of women. Most are holding drinks from which they occasionally take a sip. They are obviously in a carefree mood, and many are carrying on casual conversations. John does not see a single woman, however, whose gaze is not long from being directed at what was taking place on the revolving spit.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The nonchalant manner of the women makes it clear that this is far from being a unique experience. To them, this is obviously nothing more than enjoying a cookout with friends. The fact that the meat they are watching being roasted is the naked body of a human male apparently only serves to heighten the unmistakable pleasure they are displaying.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; John is unable to control the eerie sensation he continues to feel at the unreality of witnessing such an unbelievable scene. He notices that the conversations are starting to subside and more attention being directed toward the rotating body. The amused expressions on faces increase noticeably, and mischievous, girlish giggles are uttered in response to playful nudges and murmured wisecracks. Something has obviously happened, and John glances to see what it is. He is so startled that he does a double-take. It is clear he had not been mistaken in thinking that the penis had appeared to be still growing. It is now twice as large and stands almost straight with only a slight curve remaining in the swollen shaft. Instead of flopping heavily when the body rotates from one side to the other it moves only slightly.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;John can only stare stupidly as he watches the penis continue to swell until becoming rigid and swollen in the fullest erection possible. He is at a total loss to comprehend how being cooked could possibility cause such an unbelievable reaction in a dead body. The erection has caused the scrotum to draw tight around the large testicles, which clearly outlines their oval shapes.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The strutted ridge around the swollen head stands out in vivid detail, and the hole gapes open to the extent of being able to see inside. An increase in internal pressure has changed what had been a trickle of juices into a steady stream that bubbles and sputters as it emerges. The juices have also become milky in color, giving evidence that pressure is also forcing out semen. This is soon proven to be fact in a dramatic manner that startles John's already bewildered senses. The rigid penis gives a sudden jerk, and a thick jet of the white liquid erupts from the strutted head with such force that it travels several feet. The reaction brings a spontaneous cheer from the spectators in a manner that clearly indicates anticipating just such an occurrence. It does not take long for pressure within the internal male glands to build and cause another jet to squirt out with equal force. The process is repeated again and again while being accompanied by rousing laughter.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;At first, John can only stare in dumfounded disbelief, but he soon becomes aware of the mocking merriment going on around him. He feels his face flush as he realizes that the roasting body of a man revolving in front of a group of women in this manner, with penis erect and spewing semen, is even more humiliating than those that had been jerking in death throes. He once again feels himself experiencing shame and embarrassment even though, by now, he had seen countless numbers of erect penises being blatantly displayed and ridiculed in every way imaginable. It does not require much effort on his part to realize why it is different in this case. It is the same that made the humiliation he felt from what he witnessed in the processing plant seem far greater than anything before.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The body being roasted is that of a man in the flesh and not a stuffed display. It matters little that he is dead and has no control over his actions. Even in death, his male body is still flesh and blood, and this makes it far more embarrassing to see women laughing as they watch a lifeless penis become erect and then actually start ejaculating before their amused eyes. The spectacle proves to be the most degrading thing he had seen all day. It makes a complete mockery out of what men, throughout the ages, have placed immense pride &#8211; the ability to become erect and forcefully eject their potent, male fluid. He can only shake his head in dismay in realizing that women have found a way to turn even this proud ability into being nothing more than another amusing display.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; A fairly strong breeze that had been blowing away from John suddenly dies, and smoke billows in his direction. The distinctive aroma of meat being roasted over an open fire immediately strikes him. It is something that he had always enjoyed and this time, despite the circumstances, proves to be no exception. In fact, he is surprised to find that the aroma coming from a human body is the most pleasant he had ever experienced. A wave of self-reproach suddenly passes through him when he realizes that not only is he enjoying the pleasing aroma, but also, his mouth has actually begun to water, and he is beginning to experience pangs of hunger.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The realization makes him feel a great amount of chagrin, and he wants to leave as quickly as possible. Without hesitating, he turns and walks away. He is unable, however, to keep from glancing back for one last look at the unbelievable sight of a rotating human body being roasted over red-hot coals. The open eyes still give the appearance of being awake yet oblivious of the simmering heat or of the laughing women that stare boldly at the still rigid erection.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;John departs in a different direction and goes only a short distance before he comes to two pine trees standing close together. A wooden beam with two leather straps hanging from it is nailed between the trees. He pays little attention until he sees a dark stain on the ground beneath the beam. It does not take long to recognize the stain being blood that had soaked into the sandy soil. He does not have to guess where the blood came from. Not only is it still wet, but a broken arrow is lying nearby. It requires no speculation to know what occurred. It is obvious that the man had been brought out alive and killed at this spot. It is also obvious that he had then been hung upside-down from the beam and gutted as though he were nothing more that a deer - his prominent manhood hanging on humiliating display throughout the entire procedure.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; A shift in the wind once again brings the pleasing aroma of roasting flesh that is quite strong even at this distance. Much to John's dismay, he feels the hunger pangs of his empty stomach increase noticeably. A wave of self-reproach again sweeps over him and he quickly leaves in order to get away from the tempting smell.

&nbsp;&nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;With the recreation area well behind, John wanders aimlessly paying no attention to the direction he is going. It is only gradually that the churning sensation in his stomach begins to subside, which makes it all the more difficult for him to ease his troubled conscience. He had been in such a state of confused turmoil since arriving that he had not even thought about eating. He tells himself that the deplorable reaction of his body was only a natural occurrence from having gone without food for so long. This line of reasoning, however, does little to keep him from continuing to be dismayed that the aroma of a human body being cooked over an open fire had actually caused him feel hunger.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He has no idea how long he walks before he is able to settle down enough to once again become aware of his surroundings. It is not long after this that he comes to another marble covered building whose architectural style is similar to the impressive "processing plant". This building, however, is much smaller. The grounds, like those around the other building, are also expertly landscaped containing a wide variety of colorful flowers.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;There is a parking lot in front that is not only crowded but is active with incoming cars. Several groups of well-dressed women are standing in front of the building and others are making their way up the marble steps. The elegant attire gives the impression that maybe, at long last, he has finally come upon some type of event that has nothing to do with ridiculing members of his sex. These women are dressed in a manner that strongly suggests that they are about to attend a concert, ballet, opera, or some other type of theatrical performance. He feels a strong desire to see what it is, and starts to walk toward the entrance.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; As John approaches the building he notices that, like the previous one, it has letters carved in the marble above the entrance. When he gets close enough to make them out he sees that it is an inscription that reads - "ENTER A GIRL - LEAVE A WOMAN". He has no idea what to make of these words. The only people he sees are mostly older women with only a few being young. Of this latter group, he sees none that are not at least in their late teens. He again reads the inscription and shakes his head. It is certainly not the first confusing thing he has come across this day.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;John is about to go up the stairs but is distracted by a car pulling into a parking space behind him. He turns and sees an attractive middle-aged woman that he can not help but admire getting out of the driver's side. A figure then emerges from the passenger side that not only makes him forget the woman but, also, everything else. The object of his attention is a teen-age girl. She looks to be no more than eighteen, but she is, by far, the most extraordinarily beautiful female he had ever seen. He has admired an untold number of strikingly beautiful young women, throughout the day, but none come close to creating a similar impression. Up to this point, he can see only her face, but the flawless complexion and beauty, perfectly framed by long, soft, radiant, hair cascading around her shoulders, is so stunning that it almost takes his breath away.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The girl comes around the car giving John an unobstructed view, which only serves to enhance his fascination. The sensuous features of her exquisite figure are unbelievable. Her magnificent, young, breast thrust out boldly in defiant pride, yet, at the same time, radiate an intriguing aura of yielding, feminine, softness. Her narrow waist swells gracefully into the intriguing contours that can only belong to a woman. She is wearing a short skirt, which gives him a breathtaking view of luscious thighs merging into the smooth curves of long, tapering legs. It takes only a brief glimpse for all of these tantalizing features to register, but that is all that is required for him to experience a pang of such intensity that he actually feels a constricting pain in his chest.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The enchanting girl before him might have the fully developed body of a woman, but her buoyant, enthusiastic, movements would have betrayed her youth even if John had not clearly seen it in her lovely face. She is obviously in a state of exhilarating happiness and unrestrained excitement. Her delightful eyes literally sparkle with unbounded joy that only serve to enhance her youthful appearance and create an enchanting look of vulnerable, feminine, innocence - a look that awakens within John a swelling of male, protective instincts. His heart goes out to her in a manner that he has never experienced before, and he feels an intense lounging to take her in his arms and make passionate yet gentle love. He wants to give himself totally to this captivating creature and give her the unselfish, loving, warmth that a young woman as lovely as she truly deserves.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The enchanting look of girlish innocence reminds John of similar expressions on faces of young women he had seen on the floor of the arena. He remembers how he had been struck by the irony of how devastatingly misleading those appearances had proven to be. A feeling of rebellion grips him as logic tells him that, the same would hold true for this girl also. He desperately does not want to accept what his mind tells him, but there is no escaping something that, in a society such as this, would be unavoidable.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A sudden, chilling thought strikes John that he is forced to accept in spite of his reluctant feelings. The girl is of the age that, by now, she may have actually begun to perform in the arena. And, even if this is not yet the case, it surely will not be long before she begins the practice. The cold realization that this enchanting creature has either already killed men, in cold blood, or, if not, will do so shortly brings home the harsh reality of just how much of an illusion her look of youthful innocence actually is. Knowing this, however, only serves to cause a painful longing that she could somehow be spared from such a destiny. It does nothing to diminish his awe for her striking beauty or his yearning sexual desire.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;John is reminded of his earlier thoughts of possibly suggesting to the people in the space ship that they consider taking a woman from this society back with them when they return him to his own time. He would, of course, unselfishly offer his skillful services in this endeavor to enable the woman to discover the true meaning of total, sexual, fulfillment. The idea had amused him at the time, and he had considered the chances of being taken seriously so remote that it wouldn&#8217;t be worth mentioning. Now, however, he begins to have second thoughts. This beautiful young woman would certainly make a excellent candidate, and he tells himself that any chance at all, regardless of how remote it might be, of actually being able to make love to her is well worth taking. "I have nothing to lose from trying. He tells himself. All they can do is say no."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;John&#8217;s tantalizing thoughts are interrupted by the sound of someone calling - "Anne, wait for me." The girl turns, and her happy face registers even greater pleasure. "Oh look mother", she exclaims with excitement, "it&#8217;s Cindy". Another young woman, approximately the same age, rushes up and embraces the one he has been admiring. The second girl is also exceptionally beautiful but not to the extent that has captivated him to such a profound degree. The girls separate and look at each other, their fresh, young, faces beaming brightly, and giggle excitedly as though sharing some girlish secret. The sight has a refreshing effect on him. The excited, bubbly, actions are no different than girls their age would display in his era. He has no idea as to the cause of happiness, but it gives the harmless appearance of being something innocent yet mischievous that can only be enjoyed when young.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The two girls, talking happily and still giggling, start up the steps alongside the older woman. John waits briefly and then follows. He passes through the impressive entrance and enters a large lobby. He is somewhat taken back, with a feeling of despair, at what he sees. The walls are expensively paneled and the floor is covered with a deep, plush, wine colored carpet. There are chairs, sofas, and tables along the walls that are as luxurious as any he had ever seen. It is not the impressive furnishings, however, that is the cause of his dismay. It is the fact that, in addition to the finery, there are the same types of displays that have been so prominent in every other place he has been. Stuffed bodies stand in various poses, and trophies mounted on plaques, and stretched hides are attached to walls. The bases of lamps on tables are the same as all others he had seen.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; There is, however, something about the overall appearance that is different. He is somewhat mystified as how it had been accomplished, but, the displays, even with the abundance of exposed manhood, had been artistically placed in a manner that they appear to blend with the cultural elegance rather than detract from it.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The plush atmosphere gives John the impression that the building is indeed a theater of fine arts. The aesthetic manner used in arranging the sexually explicit displays, as strange as it may seem, only serve to enhance this impression. He continues to believe that a concert, ballet, opera, or play was going to be presented. These feelings are reinforced by the elegant style of dress worn by the women in the crowded lobby. He is quite sure that they would not be attired in such a manner unless an important event is about to take place.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; John looks around to locate the whereabouts of the beautiful young woman. It is his intention to stay as close as possible so that he can continue to admire her intriguing loveliness. Almost immediately, he locates the mother and companion, but the girl is not with them. He is not overly concerned. She probably went to a power room or a concession area and will soon return. All he has to do is keep these two in sight, which is certainly not an unpleasant task. As John watches, women come up and speak to the mother. It is quite obvious that she is well known, and he gets the impression that she is a person of prominence. Minutes drag by, but the girl does not return. A number of women have been making their way toward a row of open doors at the far end of the lobby, and it is not long before only a few scattered groups remain. The mother and companion also start in this direction and, still, there is no sign of the girl. He has no choice but to follow and keep these two in sight. He is certain that she will join them soon.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;John passes through one of the sets of double doors but then stops in his tracks. A sick feeling passes through him at the scene that unfolds. Up to a point, the surroundings resemble the type of theater that he had expected to find. The same wine colored carpet found in the lobby covers the sloping aisles. There are rows of plush, thickly padded, seats with armrests. Walls are concealed behind drapes that look to be made of velvet and are the same rich color as the carpet.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; It is at this point, however, that the similarity to a fine arts theater ends. The plush, carpeted, floor does not slope to a stage. It slopes instead to an oval area of white, ceramic tile. Two chrome plated steel post, about eight feet apart, stand vertical in the center, and a horizontal bar, also chrome plated, runs between them at the top. Two shining rings hang from the bar and two additional ones are secured to the floor beneath.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A naked man is standing between the two posts. He is in a spread-eagle position, caused by the fact that his hands and feet are tied to the four rings. A velvet-covered table stands to one side upon which lays a bow and an arrow leaving no doubt as to the fate that awaits this individual. Several other objects also lay on the table, one of which is a coiled leather whip, making it apparent of additional activity taking place before the time arrives to use the bow. Several other tables are on the other side, one of which has a stainless steel top and gutter. This table is identical to the ones in the processing room. The other table contains a rack of knives, a meat saw, and an assortment of stainless steel trays and bowls. A monorail with a motorized hoist runs overhead. There is no doubt of the final fate awaiting this unfortunate member of his sex.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;John has a sick feeling of despair in the pit of his stomach.&nbsp; He had recently watched the horror of one man after another being brutally slaughtered and humiliated. Even though appalled, he had been unable to control a tingling feeling of morbid fascination coming over him moments before each death. Afterward, he had felt a great deal of shame and guilt at becoming intrigued from witnessing such inhumane atrocities. His feeling of self-reproach still remain, and he has no desire to stay and take the chance of once again finding himself caught up in the same type of degrading emotions.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He desperately wants to leave and would have done just that if it were not for one intriguing feature about this particular man that is different from those that had been slain in the arena. This man, like the others, appears to be in excellent health, possesses an impressive physique, and is generously endowed. But, unlike the others, he is not young. This man gives every appearance of being is in his late thirties with traces of gray beginning to show in his hair. To John, this can mean only one thing. There is a final destiny that awaits this man that goes beyond the events that will take place on the tiled floor. The stainless steel table and implements make it obvious that his body will be butchered even though his flesh will undoubtedly be tougher than that from younger men.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; But, providing a source of meat is obviously a secondary byproduct for this man that has been allowed to live to middle age. The primary objective is to mount his head and sex organs, with the penis fully erect, on a plaque that will hang in a prominent place on a living room wall. The hide from his torso, vividly bearing lash marks soon to be inflicted and the holes from the arrow, will be attached to the wall beneath. This man's final destiny is to become one of the mystifying displays that had baffled John during his tour of women's homes. He does not know if any of the mystery will be unraveled if he stays and watches the gruesome event, but he has to at least give it a try.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The girl's mother and companion had taken seats in a prominent box that protrudes part way onto the tile floor. The seats are obviously the choicest which reinforces John's earlier impression that the woman is a person of importance. Most of the seats are occupied and there are only a few empty rows at the rear. He has no choice but to take one of these. After sitting down, he looks intently at the man in an attempt to see if there is anything that might provide a clue toward explaining this intriguing mystery. The man does not appear to be nervous or distressed even though he is tied in a humiliating position. The ropes are secure but not stretched to the point of causing discomfort. He gazes in different directions although, apparently, not comprehending anything he sees. It is obvious that, even though much older, he is as ignorant as the young ones that had perished in the arena.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;There are no visible marks on the man's body, which indicate, up to now at least, he has not been subjected to mistreatment. That feature, no doubt, is about to change and is apparently the reason for him being tied. He is going to be severely beaten before being killed. Why? John had speculated about this earlier when he had seen evidence of such mistreatment on the hides. It is still as much of a mystery now as it had been then. He is unable to think of any purpose being served by physical abuse, but, for this man and others of similar age, it is something that is considered necessary.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; John reflects that he has at least confirmed an earlier impression that the prominent manner in which the trophies of older men were displayed indicated that there was some type of distinct importance placed upon them. The elegantly dressed women in the audience certainly are not here to simply watch a man being killed and butchered when they could go to the processing plant and observe such activity taking place in abundance. The added feature of watching a man being beaten would certainly not be a reason for either the attire or for being conducted in such plush surroundings. It is obvious that the upcoming event is considered to be a special occasion of some type. This would surely not be the case unless the man represented something of significant importance. As to what this might be, however, John has no clue.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A young woman steps out onto the tiled floor, and John instantly recognizes her as being the beautiful girl he has been searching for. She has changed clothes and is now attired in a short, pink, athletic style, skirt and tight fitting top. The outfit is identical to the ones worn on the floor of the arena which makes the role she is about to perform obvious. A wave of understanding floods over him that ranges from grasping the meaning of the inscription over the door to realizing the significance behind the mysterious displays of older men. He now knows that the beautiful girl has not yet killed a man. But, that fact will shortly change. The man below is destined to be her first victim. When all tasks have been completed and the body is a butchered carcass she will, in the eyes of society, have become a woman. The upcoming event is apparently a ritual performed when reaching the age of womanhood. This milestone is obviously considered to be a major achievement to merit such a special ceremony, conducted in an elegant, formal, atmosphere.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The trophy that is to be made from the head and genitals, along with the hide from the torso, is destined to hang on the living room wall where the girl lives. It will be placed in a prominent location because it not only will represent her first kill but, also, the day in her life when she became a woman. It will serve as the centerpiece for a future collection of pubic hair pelts. Pelts that she will take as souvenirs from numerous other men destine to fall victim to her small, delicate, hand.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; None of these later conquests, however, will have the significance of this first kill. John finds that he is even able to comprehend a reason for the advanced age. Such a feature allows a woman's first conquest to be achieved over a man that is significantly older instead of merely being one approximately her same age. The purpose of the whip is also beginning to have a reason. It is evidently considered important for a girl, in the process of becoming a woman, to physically defeat a male much older than herself, until he hangs limp, before the time comes for him to succumb to the final conquest.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Meat taken from the body of a man this age might not even be considered to be eatable, but John can see how the act of butchering him would still be looked upon as being a necessary part of the proceedings. To publicly butcher the vanquished body of her victim is the ultimate demonstration of just how profound her total victory had been. This would hold true even if the body is later disposed of and not used for food.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;John's understanding of these things comes almost instantly as he watches the girl stride, unhesitatingly, across the floor. The desirable outfit only serves to enhance her voluptuous figure along with the intriguing motion of unrestrained breasts that jiggle noticeably with each step. As appealing as she is, however, he finds his thoughts straying to when he had first seen her and at how happy and enthusiastic she had been. He now understands the cause of that enthusiasm and finds the knowledge quite depressing. The fact that such a lovely young woman could be so deliriously happy over the prospect that she is going to kill her first man in cold blood and then butcher his body is hard to accept, even after all he has witnessed. Her happy face and sparkling eyes had reminded him of the reaction a girl from his era would have upon going to her first prom. He pictures her lovely face as he had first seen it and is once again struck with how profoundly false and misleading the look of youthful innocence and vulnerability had been.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Even thought he knows such thoughts are useless, John again finds himself wondering what mysterious, catastrophic events could have possible transpired that led to such an unbelievable society being formed. He would have been greatly surprised if he had been told that, although indeed catastrophic, there was nothing mysterious about what had taken place. The events that led to the formation of the female society in which he has found himself had been recorded in history as being World War III.










 THE FUTURE
By C

PART II
CHAPTER 14
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
 
World War III began in 2021. At first, it appeared to be just another outbreak of hostilities in the Middle East, but, this time, the conflict continued to spread and escalate until the entire reign seethed in turmoil and violence. The potential powder keg that had for so long threatened this unstable region had finally been ignited. The fragile, recently formed democracies quickly collapsed as hard liners took advantage of the confusion and took control. Major powers were soon drawn into the fray as they moved to protect vital sources of oil upon which their very existence depended. The fighting continued to spread until the entire world was engulfed in flame and embroiled in the most brutal, bloodiest, and confusing war in history. Some countries were fighting for political ideologies, some for economic survival, some for religious beliefs, and others simply to satisfy totalitarian greed. Smaller countries that tried to remain neutral found themselves being attacked and were soon overwhelmed.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;World War III was different from past global wars where combatant nations aligned into two opposing forces. This time, countries found themselves fighting more than one enemy who in turn were fighting each other. In addition, many nations that started out as allies became opposing combatants when they found themselves competing for dwindling supplies of oil or were overrun and captured by an enemy. To add to the turmoil, terrorist groups, both large and small, used the confusion to openly strike at a wide range of targets in the name of their radical political or religious ideologies.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was as though the entire world had gone insane with the only restraint being that of using nuclear weapons. Countries that possessed these arsenals of mass destruction were at least able to realize that a nuclear holocaust would not only annihilate their enemies, but the entire world &#8211; including themselves. The war was fought with conventional weapons, however, advances in technology made many of these highly efficient in causing widespread death and destruction.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The fighting became increasingly desperate which led to high-ranking military commanders taking control of democratic governments. The reason given for such action was that the point had been reached where amateur civilians could no longer be allowed to make crucial military decisions - decisions that needed the judgment of trained military professionals. Even the two greatest democracies of all, the United States and England, were not immune and found themselves living under martial law imposed by a military dictatorship. The populations were told that constitutions had been "temporarily suspended" until such time as conditions improved to enable being reinstated. Many of the military commanders that gained power in this manner truly believed they were acting in the best interest of their countries. But, their subversive acts set precedence and opened the way for devious and ambitious subordinates to begin plotting overthrows of their own. Many of these proved to be successful, but they to would often be short lived as the new leaders fell victim themselves to similar betrayals.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; It was in this way that one coupe followed another with the men seizing power being increasingly brutal. The overthrows only began to cease when individuals gained control that were so ruthlessness they ruled with an iron-fist and eliminated anyone suspected of being disloyal. No country was immune, and it finally reached the point that, throughout the world, people found themselves living under the merciless and brutal thumbs of barbaric dictators whose only desire was to satisfy a savage obsession for power. The inhumane mistreatment suffered by defenseless populations was, quite often, as oppressive in countries controlled by their own dictatorial governments as for those living in captured territories.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The bloody and insane fighting went on year after year with no power being able to gain an advantage. All, however, were being steadily depleted in manpower. The constant drain became so severe that all adult males were pressed into service. When these ranks also began to dwindle, the dictators turned to taking younger and younger boys until those barely in their teens were actively engaged in the fighting. In addition, boys of even younger age were placed in camps that controlled their education and training and, in so doing, were brainwashed into blindly following any orders given. It eventually reached the point to where practically no males remained in civilian life.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;There was only one exception where males could be found that were not members of the military, but these did not live in civilian life in the traditional sense. Throughout the time that younger and younger boys were being placed in camps, many mothers took their children and went into hiding to protect young sons. The penalty for such an act, if caught, was death - such was the depth of ruthless totalitarianism that had come to exist throughout the world. The only hope was to flee to the hills and try to live off the land - something which very few knew anything about. The harsh conditions took a heavy toll, especially during winters. But, some managed to survive and joined others in forming groups that learned to live without being dependent on external resources. Only the most remote and rugged areas were free from fighting or the chance of discovery. It was areas like these that the surviving groups of women with their children migrated and cut themselves off from the outside world - a world that did not even know of their existence.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; As the war drug on, the pain and hardship suffered by women, throughout the world, reached enormous proportions. They had been forced to take the place of the conscripted male population and work long hours under harsh conditions in mines, factories, and other occupations needed to support the war effort. Women were not pressed into combat, but they would have been at less risk if such had been the case. Their casualties were, by far, much greater than those suffered by members of the armed forces. The military leaders used most of their dwindling defensive armament to protect remaining bases and strongholds and placed little importance upon protecting civilian populations. This strategy led to undefended plants and factories, in which only women worked, becoming primary targets for air and missile attacks, which resulted in members of the female population being slaughtered in countless numbers. Indiscriminate bombing of cities was also widespread and caused further massive casualties among women.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The point was reached where any semblance of law and order came to a halt, and many women fell victim to sexual attacks that, as often as not, were committed by deranged members of their own armies as by those of an enemy. Since men no longer lived in civilian society, it was only from acts of rape that women became pregnant and births took place. The harsh conditions and absence of medical facilities, however, resulted in very few of either the mothers or their infants surviving the ordeal. It was in this manner that propagation of the human race came to a virtual halt.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Destruction and devastation became increasingly widespread, and many women were forced to live in bombed-out buildings, caves, or anything that offered some semblance of shelter. Sickness and disease among their numbers became rampant causing even more deaths - especially among older women. The vast majority that managed to survive were teen-agers and young women and, of this group, it was primarily those that were strong, resourceful, and intelligent.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;As the years wore on, it reached the point that of all the hardship women were forced to endure the worst, by far, became constant hunger. Practically all crops and herds of livestock were depleted or were destroyed along with the equipment, materials and supplies needed to produce more. To make matters worse, unusually sever droughts and disease took a heavy toll of what little remained. The oppressive, dictatorial, regimes placed little importance upon the welfare of the female population and hoarded what food remained for their armed forces. Women were left to fend for themselves by whatever means they could find.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Conditions became so desperate that women found themselves on the brink of starvation. Almost all sources of anything eatable had been depleted until only one remained - the flesh of victims killed in the constant fighting. Even though women made up the greatest number of casualties, the bodies were usually buried under mounds of rubble. The countless number that died from disease were so emancipated that little was left of their frail bodies. Such conditions, however, did not exist for men killed in combat. Almost everywhere, the countryside was littered with the bodies of soldiers or terrorists that had fallen in major battles, small skirmishes or individual actions. Armies had long since lost both the will and the resources to recover the dead and simply left them where they fell. In a like manner, seriously wounded were left unattended to soon join in death those killed outright.
  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Women, throughout the world, found themselves faced with only two choices. They could turn to using the readily available bodies of soldiers killed in the fighting as a source of food, or they could do nothing and die of starvation. As repulsive as the thought was, they found themselves having no option - it was one or the other. Being forced to make such a traumatic decision caused women to suffer a great deal of mental and emotional anguish, but in the end, they had no choice but to choose the one course of action that would provide their only means for survival.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;At first, women were under the assumption that flesh from a human body, especially that of a male, would be tough and unappealing. For this reason, and since the supply in most areas was plentiful, they took only the parts of bodies they thought would have the best chance of being somewhat eatable &#8211; primarily, thighs and buttocks. The only other parts that were initially taken were liver and kidneys.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When women started using male bodies for food they were surprised to discover that, instead of being tough and tasteless, the flesh was tender and juicy with a delicious flavor far surpassing any meat they had ever tasted. They soon found themselves not only taking generous initial helpings but quite often, going back for more. It did not take long to start sampling other parts and, in no case, did they find themselves being disappointed.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was almost beyond belief to discover that a human body could be such a desirable and high quality source of meat. What proved to be even more surprising was when it was found that this was true only for the male. In some of the more remote regions, where fighting was limited, there was not a plentiful supply of freshly killed soldiers as was the case for most areas. Women in these locations had no choice, as much as it distressed them, but to turn to consuming the flesh of women who had been killed and whose bodies could be retrieved. They were surprised to find that flesh from a female body was as unappealing as had been anticipated for men. It did not seem logical that there could be such a remarkable difference between the flesh of one sex versus the other, but there was no denying it was indeed the case - logical or not.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;From the start, women did not experience any queasiness when butchering men&#8217;s bodies. For years, they had become accustomed to witnessing scenes of massive carnage. In addition, in attempts to hold down disease, they had undertaken the grisly tasks of burying countless multitude bodies. In time, they become immune to having feelings other than brief sadness for female victims, and only when it involved someone they cared about would they feel grief. When the bodies being buried were those of soldiers they had long ago reached the point of feeling nothing but indifference. In this last respect, however, women found the past feelings of indifference undergoing a remarkable change.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Butchering soldiers for food required being striped of clothing, and women discovered that looking at bodies of men that were naked to be a far different experience than before. This was especially true for younger women who had only known a world that was void of male/female relationships and, therefore, had no understanding of matters pertaining to sex or sexual feelings. In fact, their lack of knowledge was so extensive that most were not even aware that the lower part of a male body was any different from their own. Upon discovering that there was not only a difference, but a remarkable one, they found themselves being surprised, mystified, and intrigued.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Being ignorant of sexual matters did not prevent these young women from having the same subconscious feelings and feminine desires that had existed throughout the ages. It was for this reason that, although they did not even understand the cause, they felt a tingling of erotic excitement when looking at naked male bodies - especially from looking at the strange objects that that were located between the legs. When reflecting on these feelings, the younger women, who made up the vast majority, attributed them to curiosity of something that not only was markedly different from themselves, but something they did not even know the purpose. They were, however, somewhat mystified by strange, tingling, sensations that were created within this region of their own bodies - sensations for which they could find no logical explanation.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was very few women indeed that found themselves immune from such inner feelings, and they began experiencing a growing degree of excitement when stripping the uniform from a soldier's body and looking at the exposed manhood that lay on prominent display the entire time they sliced open the abdomen, removed internal organs, and cut away meaty parts of the body. They found themselves yielding to temptation and were soon openly fondling and looking intently at these strange organs. As a result, women increasingly found themselves experiencing previously unknown sensations as they examined every intimate detail of that which prominently defined the male sex and was so remarkably different from their own. These sensations included many emotions, but the strongest was in experiencing an erotic, yet pleasing sense of fascination that was heightened by the excitement of sexual arousal.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The point was reached where, when being alone, women found themselves responding to built-up desires and would masturbate while picturing some of the more explicit things they had done. Afterward, however, not understanding the cause for such reactions, they found themselves feeling ashamed and concerned that some type of mental unbalance that was beginning to overtake them. They felt guilt over not only being unable to resist continuing to touch and examine the exposed manhood but, to make matters worse, were even beginning to enjoy butchering the bodies which, in itself, was starting to bring on a strange type of morbid excitement. They felt that this was something a normal person would surely not do and worried that they were becoming mentally ill. It was only gradually that women learned they were not alone and that others were doing the same - and having the same feelings. This knowledge enabled them to begin accepting the enjoyment and excitement they were experiencing - especially since it was almost the only pleasure they found in what, otherwise, was a life of brutal pain and hardship.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; It was not long before almost all parts of men&#8217;s bodies were being eaten except the genitals. The excitement women experienced from touching and examining this part of the male anatomy did not effect having the assumption that it would not be very good to eat. It was inevitable, however, that some women eventually decided to sample these symbols of manhood. Most of the women that took this course of action had been the victims of rape, and their primary motive was a desire to seek a form of revenge on that which had brutally violated them rather than attempting to find another acceptable source of food.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; It came as a great surprise when it was discovered that the genitals of a human male were not only acceptable as a source of food but were, without a doubt, the most delicious meat they had ever tasted. The testicle had a light, crisp, crunchy, texture with a highly pleasing and delicate flavor. It was not the exceptional qualities of this oval male reproductive gland, however, that caused the most profound surprise. This honor was reserved for the penis. Women were astounded to discover that the human penis was a delicacy that was unmatched by anything they could have possibly imagined. It far exceeded any other type of meat in tenderness, juiciness, or exquisite taste. The shaft was unbelievably delectable, but there was only one word that was used to describe the tenderness and flavor of the cone shaped head - "fantastic".
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Word spread rapidly, and it was not long until it was almost impossible to find a woman that had not enjoyed the choice morsels that could only be obtained from between the legs of a human male. It reached the point to where, shortly after a battle when bodies littered the ground in numbers far exceeding what could be used for food, that every one would soon be missing its genitals which, for many, would be all that was taken.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The practice of eating male sex organs did a great deal more for women than merely provide an outstanding and unmatched treat for their palates. They found that the excitement and sexual arousal previously experienced when fondling this part of the male body was greatly enhanced when they started cutting off that which held such a strange fascination. In addition, they felt a pleasing sensation of supremacy when they looked at severed male organs lying limp and placid in their hand.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The greatest sexual excitement that women were now finding themselves attaining, however, came at their dinner table. They would find themselves experiencing an unreal yet exhilarating sensation from looking at a swollen penis lying on a plate &#8211; and it would always be swollen. A surprising discovery had been made that, when a penis was being cooked, the extreme heat forced juices into the erectile tissue that made it increase in size. The head became strutted causing the hole to partially open from which cooked juices would trickle. Women found themselves being fascinated by these unexpected phenomena which served to greatly heighten already aroused sexual and erotic sensations. Sensations that only increased when slicing the swollen shaft and savoring each, succulent, morsel. They always started at the root to save the best to last - the flared head from which juice would still trickle.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; At the conclusion of this highly enjoyable and exciting meal, women would find themselves experiencing a subconscious, yet satisfying, feeling of pride in knowing that this delicious part of the male body, which so vividly defined it for what it was, had meekly succumbed to their every whim and also their palates. And, in so doing, had not only created exhilarating enjoyment and sexual excitement but also were being transformed into becoming the flesh of a female.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;









THE FUTURE
By C

PART II
CHAPTER 15
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The war continued into the thirteenth year and had deteriorated into a chaotic and violent stalemate with no power being able to gain an advantage. It was at this point that scattered contact started taking place between small groups of women in opposing countries. It had become increasingly evident to these women that there would be no end to the insanity unless something could be done. They had little hope of doing anything that would have an effect, but it was at least a comfort to open a dialogue and discover that women in other parts of the world shared the same feelings of frustration. It was in this way that the beginnings of a movement started which would eventually lead to the formation of a large, worldwide, underground organization of women.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The movement would have not have gone beyond women merely communicating with each other and offering mutual comfort if it had not been for the actions of a woman that lived in the United States. She was in her mid thirties and one of the few surviving women reaching this age. Her maturity and farsighted wisdom enabled her to recognize that forming an underground organization had the potential of becoming a unified worldwide group of women that shared a common desire - to see the war come to an end. Such a group would be able to coordinate efforts in trying to influence male leaders into seeing the senseless futility of continuing the fighting. She knew that the chance of widespread success would be nonexistent, but if even a few could be convinced they might try to open negations that, hopefully, would spread.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; It took a great deal of effort by her and others, but the underground was indeed formed. The coordinated appeal was made, but, in every case the women emissaries were rebuffed - and, for some, much worse. It had reached the point that the brutal men of power had become so unbalanced and blinded by their desperation and hatred that they had lost any ability to think either rationally or logically.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The war continued unabated, but the farsighted woman did not let the failure of the first attempt stop her. She recognized that only through the efforts of a large, worldwide, underground group of women with a common goal could some possible way be found that would bring an end to the war. The organization continued to grow, and she became its undisputed leader &#8211; holding the deep respect and admiration of all members. It was in this role that she became known as the "Supreme Commander".

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When it became obvious that there was no hope of influencing the men of power to see the hopelessness of the bloody turmoil, the Supreme Commander and her assistants began searching for alternative methods to stop the war. In this effort, they kept coming back to a course of action that, when first suggested, had been rejected outright because of enormous risk with little hope for success. The consequences that would be faced if they failed were too drastic to contemplate. This course of action was to attempt a simultaneous overthrow of all the dictatorial regimes throughout the world by the use of force. But, for such an operation to take place it would have to be done completely by women - women who not only would be going against the trained military might of all countries but would be greatly outnumbered.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;At first glance, such an endeavor appeared hopeless. But, as things continued to deteriorate, it became obvious that the world was headed toward total and catastrophic destruction. The only way that widespread annihilation could be avoided would be to attempt the desperate gamble - regardless how hopeless it might be or the dire consequences to be faced from failure. The leaders of the underground put forth an intense effort and, primarily through the guidance and foresight of the Supreme Commander, developed a plan that, although entailing enormous risk, appeared to at least have a chance for success.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The plan called for a highly coordinated attack that would simultaneously overthrow all the totalitarian dictatorships. The attack, however, would not be conducted in a traditional military sense. It would be pointless for women to attempt assaults on fortified positions against vastly superior numbers. But, if by using surprise and deception, the dictators, along with military commanders and their headquarters, could be caught of guard and captured, then women would control vital command and control structures at the highest level. If this could be accomplished, orders could be sent to all units stating that an immediate cease-fire had been called. Orders being issued from the top level of command would give every appearance of being ligament and would, therefore, be obeyed. In addition, members of the armed forces were known to be highly demoralized, and there was every reason to believe they would be more than willing to do as told. But first, much would have to be done. A large army of women would have to be secretly raised and trained until it was a highly organized and efficient force. Only then could they act.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Women were surprised to find they were able to work openly in building and training their army. It was a simple matter to obtain weapons, ammunition, and supplies. Not only did women make up the labor force that manufactured such items, but countless battlefields were be littered with them for the taking. The same was true for communication equipment which enabled establishing a highly efficient worldwide network.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The explanation given, if asked, was that a "home guard" was being organized to "aid in the cause". The explanation brought laughs, but the training was not stopped. It was beyond the ability of military commanders to visualize women as being either any help or a threat and, therefore, ignored the activity. It was still, however, an enormous undertaking made more difficult by heavy casualties that continued to be suffered by the ranks of the female population. But the leaders would not be deterred, and the underground army continued to grow until it did indeed become a large, efficient, highly trained, and well organized force.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Most of the training was done by small groups so that it would continue to be ignored. It reached a point, however, when occasions arose where it was necessary to assemble a large group for extended training, and it was decided that exercises such as these should be conducted in remote locations to avoid calling unwanted attention. It was during the first such extended exercise that yet another discovery was made in a manner that a human penis reacted when being cooked - this time while remaining attached to the body.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The source of food which women had been forced to turn had not changed. In fact, the reliance on using bodies of slain soldiers as food had steadily increased as acute shortages of other food sources became more and more severe. Up to this point, however, women had prepared meals primarily for themselves, and, since there were no means for preserving meat, it was impractical to prepare a large quantity. It was for this reason that cooking an entire body had not been attempted. Occasionally, a lower torso would be cooked whole, but even when this was done the genitals would be removed first. The discovery that male sex organs were a supreme delicacy resulted in them being cooked separately to be savored as a special treat.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The discovery that penises would enlarge when being cooked had proved to be such an intriguing and exciting phenomena that little thought was given to the cause. In the same light, women did not wonder why the growth never went beyond reaching a state of being only partially erect.

(In reality, there was nothing mysterious about what was taking place. The swelling was caused from intense heat forcing cooking juices into the sponge-like erectile tissue. It was the absorbing and retaining of these favorable juices by the soft and tender tissue that played a primary role in giving a cooked penis its delectable texture and taste. But, as the penis expanded the resistance increased until juices were forced out the severed root &#8211; thereby preventing further growth.)

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The first large training exercise was structured along military lines which included a mess unit being assigned to prepare meals for the entire group. Obtaining food was no different than had been done in the past - go to a recent battlefield littered with the bodies of soldiers and take what was needed. The task of cooking a large quantity of meat, however, was another matter. The only means for cooking in volume was over an open fire, and the simplest and most practical way was to attach the bodies to large rotisseries and roast them whole.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Constructing a rotisserie of sufficient size proved to be a simple matter since scrap metal was one thing that was abundant. The spits were four steel rods that were long and strong enough for each to hold the bodies of three men skewed end to end. These were placed in parallel rows and supported on notched, metal, post driven firmly into the ground. The revolving action was achieved by running a belt from an old, but still operational, engine to a pulley attached to the end of each rod. The apparatus was crude and turned in a jerky manner - but at least it worked.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A large pile of hardwood was set ablaze and allowed to burn until it became a bed of glowing coals. While this was taking place, the bodies of twelve soldiers were brought out and stripped. They were then unceremoniously hung upside-down from tree limbs, and, in the same manner that had been used through the ages for cleaning large game, were cut open, disemboweled, and beheaded. One difference, however, were playful flips and wisecracks made of the limp objects that hung upside-down at eye level. Eatable internal organs that did require being removed for cleaning were left in the bodies to enable being cooked at the same time. Two of these items were the prostrate glands and seminal vesicles, which had been found to make a tangy and tasty dip. At the time, little thought beyond providing a means for being cooked was given for leaving these internal male reproductive glands in the bodies. The decision, however, was destined to have a major impact on what was about to take place.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When the bodies were ready they were skewed on the steel rods going through the severed necks and out between the legs. Crossbars were bolted on inside chest cavities to hold the carcasses firm, and others at the feet where ankles were lashed to the ends. The purpose of the latter was to spread the legs in order to facilitate even cooking, but, in so doing, it gave a much better view of that which hung between. Hands were tied behind backs with wire, and, when this had been accomplished, the preparation was complete. The four rods, each holding three, skewed, headless, bodies were lifted over the glowing coals, placed on the post, and connected to the belt running from the engine. Everything was in readiness, and the engine was started.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It had become common knowledge, throughout the camp, how the bodies were going to be cooked, and it required little imagination to visualize the activity that would take place between men&#8217;s legs legs. The more that the scene was pictured in women&#8217;s minds, the more intriguing it became to desire seeing it actually take place. Women, throughout the unit, that did not have other duties had begun to wander over as the bodies were being prepared. When the came time to start the engine a large group was standing in a circle around the bed of glowing coals - each staring intently at the intriguing sight of twelve, naked, human, bodies, headless but quite obviously male, suspended above simmering waves of heat. There was not a woman present who did not find herself becoming filled with a strange but pleasant type of excitement and anticipation. None, however, had any suspicion of being on the verge of witnessing an event that would far exceed anything they were expecting.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The old engine sputtered several times and then, with a jerk, the bodies began to turn. At first, the circle of women remained silent as they stared intently at the sight before them. Their attention had been drawn immediately to the movement of the genitals, protruding from patches of pubic hair, which obligingly began to perform as had been expected. Limp penises flopped from one side to the other as bodies revolved on their backs, rolled across rounded thighs to hang sideways, along with bulging scrotums, as the revolution continued, and then both dangle like pendulums, swinging back and forth, as the bodies turned on their stomachs. Movements such as these had been anticipated, however, the constant jerking caused the highly sensitive organs to react in ways that had not been expected. Limp shafts constantly jiggled and flipped with each jerk, and the oval bulges within the scrotums jounced noticeably in all directions.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The jerking action that caused the unanticipated activity was due to the crudeness of the apparatus and the aging engine. The result however, although unplanned, added greatly to the enjoyment that the women found themselves experiencing. It was not long before they were giggling among themselves and then openly laughing at the antics being performed before them. They found that the merriment served to heighten the growing excitement and other emotions that were building rapidly within. In addition, they found themselves experiencing a pleasing and satisfying sensation of feminine pride at being a woman, along with a group of fellow women, and watching the sex organs on male bodies openly humiliate themselves in a degrading manner that was both exciting and comical.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It did not take long for the bodies to start becoming wet from juices being forced out by the intense heat. They began turning golden brown, and smoke billowed from dripping juices striking the glowing coals. The women that were watching, like all women of that time, had long ago lost any qualms over cooking and eating the flesh of human males. In fact, they had been doing it for so long that, although the activity still brought forth erotic sensations - especially from cutting off, cooking, and eating a penis and testicles, they had come to look upon the practice as being almost commonplace. In this case, however, they were not looking at only part of a body being cooked. They were watching the bodies of twelve men being roasted whole, with sex organs still attached, and it proved to be a totally new experience that brought forth feelings far exceeding any they had known in the past. One of the strongest was an eerie feeling of unreality at watching naked headless bodies, glistening with juices, revolving over a bed of, sizzling, red-hot coals and reflecting the reddish glow. The simmering waves of heat, billowing smoke, and the strong, pleasing, aroma of roasting flesh only severed to enhance the eerie reality that the bodies being cooked were human.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The feelings, however, were neither distracting nor disturbing. In fact, the women found them to not only be strangely pleasing, but that they actually enhanced the emotions, merriment, excitement, and feminine pride which continued to build. But, none of these were so overpowering that they prevented attention from being directed toward the activity taking place between spread legs.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It came as no surprise when the penises started to thicken and grow - such a reaction had been expected. The swelling continued until they lifted from the bodies and curved outward. When the shafts began to swell their movement became heavier and more pronounced as they bounced from the constant jerking or flopped from one side to the other. The holes started opening and began to trickle clear juices.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Observing the penises increasing in size and the resulting change in movement heightened the woman's enjoyment, excitement, and erotic passions. They had experienced similar feelings on numerous past occasions while watching a severed penis swell when being cooked, but seeing it happen while remaining attached to a body along with the captivating activity was a new experience that heightened the excitement. It was, however, something they had anticipated and the primary reason for wanting to watch. But, what came next was something they had not expected and caught them completely by surprise.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A hush fell over the women, interrupted only by gasps, as they watched in amassment when the swelling shafts did not stop part way, as had always been the case before, but continued to grow until they became rigid in the fullest erections possible. The skin of the scrotums was stretched so tight that the testicles ceased to move and the oval shapes were clearly outlined underneath. The ridges of the strutted heads flared outward giving an appearance of becoming enraged &#8211; an appearance which was enhanced by holes gaping open to such an extent that it was possible to see inside. The swollen shafts were so stiff that movement ceased altogether except to quiver at each jerk.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A surge of immense excitement swept through the circle of astonished women as they stared in disbelief. Most had never seen a penis become fully erect, and they gaped in amassment that something which had been so limp a short while ago was capable of being transformed into such rigid enormity. They had been so surprised and caught off-guard that it did not even cross their minds to try and rationalize how a reaction of such magnitude could occur in bodies of men that were dead.

(In actuality, the seemingly unbelievable phenomenon had a simple explanation. The intense heat forcing juices into erectile tissue had caused the shafts to start swelling in the same manner as women had observed numerous times in the past. But, on this occasion, the penises remained attached to the bodies instead of being severed and, as a result, no means was provided for juices to escape as pressure increased. The building intensity of the heat forced in more and more fluids until the swollen shafts were stretched to the limit. Only then did the growth stop &#8211; but not before erections were achieved of a size that exceeded any which could have occurred in a normal manner on a living body.)

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The excitement and disbelief that the women were experiencing, however, were on the brink of being overshadowed by what was yet to come. The pressure within the bodies continued to build from the intense heat, and the juices running from the gaping holes began to bubble and sputter. In addition, the clearness started turning a milky color giving evidence of semen being forced from the prostrate glands and seminal vesicles into the urethras. For several minutes, the resistance managed to hold the flow to a trickle, but this changed with dramatic suddenness when the semen reached the boiling point. The result was pressurized steam building within the confines of the small storage chambers that forced semen to surge forward with tremendous velocity until the relieved pressure allowed the resistance to briefly return before building once again - a cycle that was repeated over and over.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The women had been so engrossed in staring at the enormity of the strutted shafts that they did not give it much thought when the clear juices sputtering from the holes started becoming milky. The same, however, could not be said when one of the bodies revolved on its back, and a jet of semen erupted from the penis under such pressure that it shot high into the air. A moment later, the penis on another body did the same to be followed, almost simultaneously, by several others. Within a matter of seconds those on the remaining bodies joined in, and all were spewing jets of white fluid.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The women gasped and shirked in both disbelief and delighted surprise as the eruptions continued again and again. They found themselves tingling with uncontrollable excitement at the captivating sight of semen spewing in all directions in a manner that resembled some unimaginable type of fountain. The force of the jets were so great that the men not only sprayed themselves but each other until all were coated with the slick looking substance - causing the glistening bodies to reflect the reddish glow of the glowing coals even more.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The intensity with which the semen was being expelled caused the supplies to quickly deplete, and the force of the spewing jets began to diminish accompanied by longer intervals between eruptions. They continued to decrease until, on one body after another, they ceased entirely to be replaced by juices bubbling and sputtering as before - the only difference being wisps of steam also emerging giving evidence that the heat within the pelvic cavities had become far more intense.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The entire display lasted little more than a minute, but, while it was taking place, the captivated women lost all sense of time. The remarkable scene had been etched so vividly in their minds that, if asked later, they would have stated it had lasted much longer. When the last of the ejaculations ceased, the women began to babble amongst themselves with laughter and exuberant excitement at the unbelievable event they had witnessed. Their gaze, however, remained fixed on the strutted shafts that lost none of the enormity or stiffness from the occurrence and continued to stick out straight and rigid.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A short while later, the woman in charge of the mess unit stuck a long handled fork into several rumps and stated that the bodies were fully cooked. A feeling of disappointment passed through the circle of women as they watched the steel rods containing roasted and glistening wet male bodies, now a deep brown, being lifted from the coals and carried into the mess tent where they would be carved. When the last body with its penis still fully erect disappeared from view they began to wander off, but their excitement remained high as their minds continued to replay the drama they had just witnessed.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The women had experienced such a heightened degree of excitement and amusement that, at the time, they were only vaguely conscious of intense erotic desires that had also been building within. It was only after they were able to calm down to some extent that they became aware of the degree to which they had been sexually aroused - and, for that matter, still were. Their nipples remained hard, and there was a noticeable wetness between their legs accompanied by a, longing, tingling sensation deep within their vaginas.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The sexual excitement remained strong and was even intensified during the evening meal when the distinctive, smoked, flavor of the meat they ate reminded them anew at what they had witnessed while watching it being cooked. This was especially true for the women that had the good fortune to also be given a small but still delicious pice of roasted penis or testicle. The erotic passions remained so intense that there was not a woman among them who, after going to bed, was able to resist reaching down to stroke still wet folds and massaged swollen clitorises while minds replayed vivid images of what had transpired - the most frequent, by far, that of strutted penises spewing forth thick jets of white liquid. The sexual longings had been so great that most of the women found one organism to be insufficient and continued the activity, having one heightened climax after another, until they finally lay spent and drained but, in so doing, feeling a relaxed contentment and satisfaction to a degree they had never known before

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Word of what had occurred spread throughout the camp which created a great deal of curiosity and excitement among those that had not witnessed the event. The commander of the training exercise also heard what had taken place, and she could not help but notice the enthusiasm being displayed by those that had attended &#8211; to say nothing of continued merriment which was something rarely seen in women of that time. The experience had obviously had a positive effect on moral and, since morale and laughter were commodities of supreme importance, the commander issued orders for schedules be adjusted so that all members of the unit would be have a chance to watch when more bodies were cooked.

  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When the time arrived for the next occasion to take place, a much larger crowd was standing around the bed of glowing coals over which the headless carcasses of yet another twelve men rotated. The women who had not witnessed the first event had been told in graphic detail what to expect. This, however, did nothing to dampen the merriment, excitement, and sexual desires being created when the genitals reacted in the same manner as before - climaxing by spraying the bodies to which they were attached and those of others with spewing semen. As before, the enthusiasm and erotic excitement remained long after the event was over. There was a great deal of merriment and laughter for the rest of the day, and after lights-out the air was filled with unmistakable sounds of women achieving intense, sexual satisfaction.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The training exercise lasted for several weeks and each time more bodies were cooked as many women as possible were allowed to watch. There was not a single member of the group that did not witness an event on more than one occasion. The repetition, however, did nothing to dampen any of the reactions. If anything, knowing what was about occur only served to build anticipation and heighten the amusement, excitement, and sexual desires.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The improvement in morale was so remarkable that the commander included a detailed account of what had taken place in her report and strongly recommended it be duplicated during future exercises. She made no attempt to speculate as to why the women under her command reacted as they did. She only knew that, at least for several weeks, she had observed merriment and laughter among women whose lives had known nothing but immense hardship, sadness, and pain. To her, the positive benefit that resulted was all that mattered and should be taken advantage of whenever possible.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When the report was reviewed, the account was met with a degree of skepticism by the women in higher command. It trying to visualize the event, they could understand a certain amount of intrigue but found it hard to contemplate women reacting with exuberance while watching human bodies being cooked - even if the bodies were those of males. But, even if the reaction had been exaggerated there could be no dispute over the importance of anything that might improve morale, and the recommendation was approved. It was only after similar events were repeated during other training exercisers with women responding in the same manner that the facts could not be denied. The practice, however, did not become widespread since the dangers of holding large maneuvers severely limited the number that could be conducted. The result was that most women remained ignorant of what occurred.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The underground army continued to grow until it truly became a large, worldwide, highly trained, and well-organized fighting force that was ready to act. But the Supreme Commander, the woman that had been the driving force behind all that had been achieved, realized that timing would be critical. She knew they would have only one chance, and, therefor, must be patient and wait - wait for the strength of the decadent and dictatorial regimes to continue to deteriorate and for the demoralization to increase among soldiers. Only then would women have a realistic chance for success. Until this time arrived, as frustrating as it was, they would have to stand by and watch the insane violence go on - along with the continuing hardship, suffering, and death that must be endured.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The war went into its eighteenth year. The chaos and devastation become so widespread that it reached the point of being only a matter of time before the mentally unbalanced and ruthless dictators controlling the major powers would finally resort to unleashing nuclear arsenals in a last desperate attempt to achieve victory. Their minds had become so depraved they were no longer capable of rationalizing that such action would only result in bringing forth annihilation of the entire world &#8211; themselves included. The Supreme Commander recognized that the crucial moment for which they had been waiting had arrived. With a remarkable degree of coolness, and without hesitation, she issued the orders that set the wheels in motion.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;D-day came, and, at the appointed hour, the operation commenced. With a remarkable degree of surprise, swiftness and coordination, the underground army struck and successfully overthrew the brutal, dictatorial, regimes of every country in the world. The action would technically be classified as a military operation, but it was totally unlike any military campaign that had ever been recorded in the annals of history. The members of the conquering army wore no uniforms but, instead, gave every appearance of being harmless and defenseless women. The advantages that came with being an attractive female when dealing with men were utilized to the fullest. Sentries and guards were distracted by beautiful, seductively clad, flirting young women. Leaders ranging from the powerful dictators, ranking generals, and on down to commandants of cities and towns found themselves being confronted by what they first thought was only another delegation of women coming to make a request or to register a grievance. Such activity had been taking place on a regular basis for the very purpose of making them appear routine. None of the men suspected it being anything different this time - that is until they found themselves looking down the barrels of weapons that suddenly materialized in women's hands - taken from clothing, handbags, or innocent looking packages.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Military headquarters and command and control centers were simultaneously neutralized in the same manner, and the ranking commanders were forced, at gun point, to send out orders to all units instructing them to lay down their arms and withdraw to designated areas. The headquarters of terrorists groups received the same treatment and were captured with the same ease.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The war weary and bewildered soldiers obeyed the orders, laid down their weapons, and withdrew to specified bivouac areas. It was then that they found themselves being confronted by women carrying arms but, at the same time, acting in a manner that did not appear threatening. Orders were given in a firm, confident, manner that left little doubt who was in charge, but, at the same time, the women issuing them displayed kindness and compassion.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Without their leaders, the demoralized soldiers were far too confused and disorganized to offer any resistance. The years of insane, desperate, fighting under brutal and totalitarian dictators had left them in such a state that they had neither the strength nor the desire to oppose such a well organized force of women - a force of women that told them the one thing they most desperately wanted to hear - that the fighting was over. Throughout the entire operation, from start to finish, only a few shots had been fired in anger and casualties had been practically nonexistent.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The uprising had been so well planned and executed with such precision that every dictator, their cronies, and high ranking military leader, throughout the world, were almost simultaneously taken into custody before they had time to realize anything had happened. Throughout the entire operation, the actions of the women were conducted with such swiftness and efficiency that being greatly outnumbered by the male forces over which they gained control had no bearing whatsoever on the outcome.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A plan that, at first, had been discarded as being a wild, desperate, and impossible gamble not worthy of consideration turned out to be a remarkable success of unbelievable magnitude. In a matter of hours, a war that had lasted over eighteen years came to an abrupt end. In a matter of hours, a world that had been in the grip of the bloodiest and most brutal holocaust that had ever taken place became a world at peace. And also, in a matter of hours, for the first time in history, the entire world came under the total and complete control of women.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The women that developed the method for ending the war had gone far beyond merely planning the military phase of the operation. They had also developed plans as to what would be done afterward to enable maintaining control. They decided on the type of governmental structure to be set up and selected and trained the women that would be the new leaders to enable them to begin the process of bringing about a semblance of law and order.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A great deal of prior planning had been done as to what course of action would be taken once control had been gained. Numerous groups and committees had worked for many months gathering information and developing plans so that the more immediate and pressing needs could be dealt with first. These plans were set in motion with the same degree of swiftness and efficiency that had been used in the actual takeover itself.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Massive destruction and desolation lay everywhere, and the list of vital facilities that needed to be repaired or rebuilt was almost endless. But, as important as these were, most had to wait until completion of the task that had been given the highest priority of all - constructing numerous compounds surrounded by security fencing and guard towers. During the months of planning there had been one obvious conclusion that had been recognized from the start. If soldiers were released before things were properly organized and safeguards established, men would soon once again regained control and resumed past policies of male dominance and violence. The planners were unanimous in their belief that the only way to prevent this from happening was to hold the entire male population in confinement until those considered dangerous could be identified. It would also enable further study being given in developing a plan as to how the remainder could be returned to society in a manner that would not lead to undoing of everything that had been accomplished - one of the few things that all the months of planning had been unable to solve.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The captured dictators, their cronies, high ranking military commanders, and radical terrorists had been immediately imprisoned in existing high security facilities. The soldiers, who made up the vast majority of the male population, were so exhausted that they willingly stayed in their bivouac areas during the time it took for the compounds to be constructed. When the men were transferred to these facilities they were told that due to the chaotic conditions that still existed it would be necessary for them to be "temporally" confined until things were sufficiently organized for them to be released.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Only a small number of soldiers offered any resistance. The vast majority was so relieved that the fighting had stopped that they offered no objection at being held. Another factor that strongly influenced the behavior was the years of being indoctrinated to accept, without question, what they were told from anyone in authority. It was the first time in years that they found themselves not being brutally driven and mistreated, and they were willing to wait patiently until the time came for them to be told they could go free.









THE FUTURE
By C

PART II
CHAPTER 16
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Four months after the successful revolution that brought an end to the longest and bloodiest war in history, a Summit was convened in which all nations were represented by the women chosen to be their new leaders. Most were in their mid to late thirties and among the few survivors this old or older remaining in the female population. They had been deeply involved in the underground and had worked with each other for years, but this was the first time they had ever convened as a single body. The first part of the agenda involved routine official acts such as appointing a permanent leader of the newly established world governing body, ratifying bylaws, and approving new constitutions for each nation. After the routine matters were disposed of they would begin to deal with the large number of difficult and complex problems that confronted them. They had to agree on policies to be adopted, establish priorities, and finalize plans on rebuilding massive destruction that was still widespread.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;One of the more important issues to be resolved was to establish a policy for conserving, producing, and distributing food. This issue would be based on the results of an extensive survey that would reveal how much food was available and contain projections on amounts that could be produced in the future. The survey had only recently been completed, and the results had not yet been made known to the members of the assembly. Another pressing issue to be addressed was developing a plan regarding the male population which was still being held in confinement.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The vast majority of males had been rounded up on the day of the revolution, and efforts had continued afterward to locate the small number that had been missed. This effort was successful, and, by the time the Summit convened, all known males were being held in custody. Up to this point, most were still relieved that the war had come to an end, and they continued to offer little objection at being detained. But this contentment would not last indefinitely, and the women knew that only a limited amount of time was left to finalize plans as to how they were going to handle the situation.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Summit was the conclusion of what had already been an enormous effort put forth prior to it being convened. Countless committees, subcommittees, and specialized groups had worked tirelessly compiling information and developing policies to be recommended for implementation. The heart of the organization was the "Central Committee" which was made up of prominent women from all walks of life including doctors, economists, engineers, and scientist. All of the information that had been compiled was submitted to the Central Committee who analyzed the data and developed final recommendations to be presented at the Summit for official action. The wisdom and judgment of the members in the committee was held in such high esteem that it was a almost a forgone conclusion the vast majority of recommendations would be passed with little or no changes being made.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Central Committee was chaired by the same farsighted woman that had been the driving force in organizing the underground movement and had served as its "Supreme Commander" since its beginning. This woman, now in her early forties, was still attractive, and her face displayed a look of deep compassion while, at the same time, radiating with self-assurance and confidence.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The first official act of the Summit was to appoint a woman to serve a four-year term as leader of the new world governing body. This position would be all-powerful and therefore retain the title of "Supreme Commander". There had been little doubt from the start that this appointment would go to the same woman who had held this title from the very start. It still, however, took the formality of an official vote. The formality did not take long, and she was quickly elected by acclamation.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; It was in this way that a woman was given an exalted position which countless men in past times had longed for and tried desperately to obtain &#8211; often resorting to brutal and barbaric force. It was a woman who reached this elusive goal that had evaded so many powerful and ruthless men. It was a woman that was the first person to become the undisputed leader of the entire world. It was ironic that when this goal, a goal that countless obsessed men had brutally sought, was finally reached it had not only been reached by a woman, but by a woman that had not even sought it and was not present when the selection had been made.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was firmly believed by almost all women that their uprising would have never succeeded if it had not been for the skill and wisdom of this remarkable woman. Since the very beginning, she had been forced to carry a tremendous burden that often required making difficult and painful decisions requiring a profound degree of inner-strength and courage. The demands upon her had become even greater after the war had ended as she was confronted with the monumental task of trying to bring some semblance of order to a ravaged, war torn, world. She was a woman that possessed a great degree of compassion for others, but she also had the inner strength to pursue a difficult and unpleasant course of action. The abilities of this dynamic leader would be vividly demonstrated in the skillful manner in which she would guide the members of the Summit into approving a shocking course of action of such enormity of that it would, by far, have the greatest and most lasting impact on the world that history had ever known.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The first three days of the Summit dealt with routine matters in which no earthshaking events took place. Numerous issues were discussed and approved that dealt primarily with establishing priorities and methods for rebuilding the destruction and devastation. It was what transpired the fourth day that would have a monumental impact upon the world.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander opened the proceedings of this eventful day in a calm, self-assured, manner that gave no indication she had lain awake the previous night in a state of almost unbearable depression and torment. She spoke in such a confident and authoritative manner that no one in the audience had the slightest suspicion that inwardly she was experiencing the most profound degree of stress, pain, and sadness she had ever known.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander took her place behind the podium and, for a brief moment, surveyed the assembled women that had grown silent and were giving her their undivided attention. She then began her address. "Ladies, I regret that urgent business with the Central Committee has prevented me from being with you until now. Before proceeding with today's agenda I would like to thank you for bestowing upon me the honor of electing me to continue serving as "Supreme Commander". I accept this great honor with deep humility, and I offer my solemn pledge that I will never abuse the authority that you have so graciously bestowed upon me. My one and only desire is to offer whatever abilities I possess in serving you and doing only that which I consider to be in your best interest and that of the world.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She was interrupted by a loud ovation and waited until it died down before continuing. "The deputy Supreme Commander has done an outstanding job in my absence, and I offer both her and you my congratulations on the remarkable progress that has been made in just three days. You have been successful in ratifying the bylaws of this world governing body that calls for true peace and harmony among all nations. You have chosen to name this governing body the "United Nations" but, unlike its predecessor, it will be an organization in which nations will truly be united.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; All nations, from the largest to the smallest, will be free to practice its desired culture without fear of outside interference. The only restrictions placed upon any country are that it will not pursue a policy of oppression against any of its citizens or interfere with its neighbors. You have made many wise and thoughtful decisions in adopting resolutions aimed at rebuilding the massive destruction that still surrounds us. As chairman of the Central Committee, I would like to thank you on behalf of its members for adopting the vast majority of proposals that have been presented to you for consideration. There are still important issues to be resolved, however, which will require making many difficult and painful decisions. In this regard, I have full confidence that the wisdom, fortitude, and courage you have displayed will continue."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Before we proceed with today's agenda I would like to provide you the results of a final tabulation on the respective sizes of the male and female populations. The total size of the world population at the beginning of the war was approximately eight billion which was divided fairly equally between male and female. The male population now numbers slightly more than two billion thereby reducing it approximately fifty percent. This is an appalling statistic until we compare it with that suffered by the female population which now numbers only two hundred and fifty million - a reduction of ninety six percent."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander paused as a mummer passed through the audience. "Yes ladies, the cold fact is that ninety six out of every hundred of our number that were alive at the beginning of the war has now perished. This is the most vivid statistic yet that exemplifies the extent of the horrors and suffering we have been forced to endure. It also means that men outnumber us over eight to one which makes the victory we achieved even that much more impressive."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"We have long known that pregnancies after the first several years of the war were caused by rape. Of these, very few of the victims and even less of the newborns survived the strenuous ordeal. To our knowledge, the few infants that did survive were all female. This is due to the known fact that female infants have more stamina than males. It is for this reason that the youngest members of the male population are in their mid-teens."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"The harsh and brutal conditions that befell the female population resulted in the vast majority that survived having remarkably similar characteristics. They are intelligent, resourceful, strong-willed, hardened - and, they are very young. In addition to facing perils of war, we have been forced to work to the very limits of physical endurance, forced to face bitter cold in severe winters without adequate heat and stifling heat of summers where cooling was nonexistent. The most difficult of all, however, was being forced to live in unsanitary conditions with disease running rampant throughout our ranks. All of these factors took a heavy toll, and it was only the most physically fit containing a strong will to live that managed to survive. These are characteristics found primarily with youth, and it is for this reason that very few women now survive that are above their mid-twenties.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; You are aware, of course, that most of us in this room are above that age. This is apparently due to younger women looking upon our maturity as being desirable features when choosing their leaders. I know I have told you nothing new, but I mention it because the unique make-up of the female population will have a significant bearing on our being able to overcome a critical issue that I will bring before you shortly. Before I address this matter, however, there are several other issues needing attention and, with your permission, we will take care of these before proceeding to the critical issue I referred."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Once again, a mummer passed through the members of the assembly but no objection was raised, and the Supreme Commander continued. "The next issue on the agenda deals with adopting a course of action to take in regard to the male population. Before we turn our attention to the male population as a whole, however, we need to first discuss the dictators, their cronies, high ranking military commanders, and fanatical terrorists. These brutal men played primary roles in the insane madness that has engulfed us for so many years. It is the war crimes and atrocities committed by these barbarians that are responsible for the insane tyranny we have been forced to live under, the massive destruction that surrounds us, the billions of innocent lives that have been lost, and the almost unbearable degree of pain and suffering that women have been forced to endure."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"These men still pose extreme danger even though they are being held in maximum security prisons. Some have already made attempts to escape which, thankfully, up to now have failed. It will, however, be only a matter of time before some of these attempts prove to be successful if we do not take immediate and decisive action. These individuals are mentally unbalanced and ruthless beyond imagination, but, this does not prevent them from also being devious and cunning with an ability to inflame blind passion within other men."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"It does not require a great deal of speculation to recognize the grave danger that any of these men would pose if they were to escape and managed to free even a small number of men being held. Our ability to guard the numerous compounds is stretched to the limit, and a organized attack on one, even from a relatively small group, would almost surely prove to be successful. The men being freed would be added to the ranks of a force that would grow steadily as attacks on other compounds were made &#8211; each one releasing more and more men. We would soon be hopelessly outnumbered and could do nothing to prevent brutal tyrants from once again taking over with everything that our years of struggle and sacrifice enabled us to so valiantly achieve being lost."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I know that each of you is aware of what I have stated, but it had to be mentioned so that it can be recorded in the official record of these proceedings. The Central Committee discussed this issue, but the debate as to what action should be taken was quite brief. The resolution that I am about to present received unanimous approval. As chairwoman, I did not cast a vote since a tie breaker was not required, but I would like take this opportunity for it to go on record that I offer my personal endorsement in the strongest terms possible. The content is quite brief, and I seriously doubt that it will come as a surprise. It calls for every single one of the men in question to be executed as soon suitable arrangements can be made. I now present this proposal for your consideration and official action - the floor is open for debate."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The room was silent for several minutes before hands began to be raised indicating desires to comment. The statements that followed were strongly supportive of the resolution without a single objection being raised. The period of discussion did not last long, but the mood of the assembly was quite somber. The Supreme Commander had been correct in her assessment that the recommendation would not come as any great surprise. The women had known for some time that such a course of action would have to be taken. The heinous crimes for which these men were responsible, and the immense danger they posed by remaining alive left no other option. The only difficulty the women faced was in realizing that the time had finally arrived for this step to be officially acted upon. It was a sobering experience for them to realize that they were about to call for the deliberate death of others after struggling and sacrificing for years to bring such activity to an end. The discussion was brief, and when it ended the Supreme Commander called for a vote.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The resolution passed unanimously. The results were read by the clerk, and the Supreme Commander announced the resolution to be officially adopted as presented. She paused for a moment and then continued. "When the Central Committee first approved this proposal it called for the executions to be carried out by a long used method of punishment for war crimes - death by hanging. Circumstances later arose, however, that made it necessary to delete this provision from the proposal, and develop a separate resolution to be placed before you which recommends an entirely different method for carrying out the executions. The reason for separating the two issues is to enable me to delay presenting the second proposal until other items on today's agenda can be discussed and taken care of."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"The revised method for conducting the executions is, to say the least, somewhat unusual, and how you vote on the next several issues will have a decisive bearing on whether this particular method should or should not be considered. Quite frankly, if I were to reveal the details at this time you might begin to have serious doubts as to the extent of my mental stability. It will only be after you are made aware of the upcoming issues that you will be able to understand the reason for postponing discussion of the method of execution to be used."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander's remarks left little doubt that something highly unusual was about to be revealed, and a mummer passed through the assembly indicating aroused curiosity. The Supreme Commander stood patiently and allowed it to subside. It was during this period that many of the women noticed the expression on their leader's face becoming extremely grave. The tone of her voice, however, remained firm and confident when she once again began to speak. "Ladies, you are aware that the male population is being held in confinement. You are also aware of the reason for taking this course of action. The savagery and turmoil that raged during the war, combined with years of constant fighting, has taken a heavy toll on the mental stability of numerous soldiers. This has resulted in many becoming ruthless and capable of committing barbaric acts, and we are well aware that women would be primary victims for these deranged men. The hard fought victory we achieved would prove to be meaningless if we allowed mentally unbalanced and dangerous men to return to society to terrorize and prey upon defenseless women."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander was interrupted by applause, and she waited for it to die down before continuing. "The only way to prevent this from happening was to place all males in custody immediately after gaining control. This action gives us the opportunity to screen them and isolate those found to be mentally unbalanced and/or possessing a violent nature. In addition, it enables us to identify those that give us reason to suspect being unwilling to work with us in building and maintaining the peace we have fought so hard to achieve. It was our intent that no man should be release that would not freely pledge to support the goals and type of government we have established."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"When it was decided that after taking control we would round up all males and hold them in confinement the only objective, at the time, was to enable us to accomplished what I have just stated. We planed to detain them only long enough to enable identifying those found to be dangerous or unwilling to work with us and then releasing the remaining majority. We felt confident that those who would be set free would not pose an immediate threat since they would surely retain vivid memories of the horrors of war and would crave nothing but peace. They would, for a while at least, be content to support the type of government we had established.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; We were aware, however, that this plan would not have a permanent effect and would not prevent the atrocities of war from ever again taking place. If past history is of any guide, men would soon forget the lessons they had learned and once again start to behave in the same manner as men have always done in the past. When this happened, it would only be a matter of time before the world would once again experience the terrors and insanity of war. But, our action would at least enable peace to be known for a few decades and possibly longer before a major conflict occurred."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"It was only after the decision had been made that all males would be placed in confinement for at least a short while that we realized it would provide a unique opportunity which had never existed in the past and, in all probability, will never exist again. There would be a period in which the world would be controlled entirely by women &#8211; a period in which no men would have a say in what would be taking place. The decision as to which men would be released and those to remain in confinement would rest solely in the hands of women. This realization caused us to speculate on how this unique opportunity might be utilized to possibly accomplish far more than originally planned. We were aware that studies made prior to the war had linked a male genetic defect to a type of mental illness which resulted in the men inflicted having a violent and brutal nature. We began to wonder that if a genetic defect could be found that was the cause for one type of male violence then did it not raise the possibility that other forms of violence and brutality within men could not also be linked to genetic flaws."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"A study of history reveals that the cause of past wars can be traced to actions of only a small handful of men or, in many cases, to only one man. The vast majority of the soldiers that followed them would have been content to live in peace if it were not for an apparent weakness of being influenced and inflamed by the actions of power hungry tyrants which, in turn, led to others being forced to fight to defend themselves."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"The question was asked &#8211; what was it that caused the men responsible for starting these past wars and committing countless inhumane atrocities to act as they did? Since all tyrants have been men it obviously has something to do with the male makeup, but was it something that just happened by chance or is it possible that it was the result of some type of male genetic defect? If it was indeed the result of a defect then it might be within the realm of possibility for a way to be found identify it and, in so doing, be able to know which males possessed it."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Once we began to speculate on this possibility we knew we could not just stand by without at least making an attempt to find the answer. The enormity of what could be achieve if this were found to be true gave us no choice but to put forth a maximum effort to try everything within our means in an attempt to solve this mystery. If we could discover that a male genetic defect did in fact exist, and if we could find the means to identify it then we would know in advance the men who posed a potential threat to starting future wars. If this discovery could be made during the time that the male population was being held we would be able to test each and every one to find the ones containing this defect. We would know the potential danger of these men and they would not be released even though they might appear normal in every other respect.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The next step would be to find the means of eliminating the defect so that it would no longer exist in future generations. If this could become a reality it would be of such enormity that it truly staggers the imagination. We would have found the means to eliminate the greatest scourge that has plagued the world since the beginning of mankind. Never again would innocent people be forced to experience and endure the horrors and atrocities of war."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Another round of applause erupted, but it was quickly suppressed by the Supreme Commander in such a manner that it left little doubt that such a reaction was not called for. Her action and the grave look on her face made it obvious that she was about to reveal something that would to unpleasant. "An enormous scientific effort has been put forth that utilized every conceivable means in attempting to solve this puzzle. It is with deep regret that I inform you that everything tried has resulted in failure. We were, of course, limited in what could be done while the war was going on, but since it ended an enormous amount of research has been conducted in trying to find the answer. Particular attention was given to the war criminals that we have just called to be executed since these are the very type of individuals we are trying to find the means to identify. Countless test and studies were performed in trying to discover a common genetic link but, so far, nothing has been found."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"The failure, however, does not disprove the theory. The field of genetic science is extremely complex and one upon which we have barely begun to scratch the surface. The scientists involved in the research remain confident that the basic hypothesis is sound, and if given sufficient time there is a high likelihood of finding the answer. Unfortunately, it was becoming apparent that we would be unable to give them the time that would be needed. We knew from the beginning that it would be beyond our ability to hold the entire male population in captivity indefinitely. Out success in keeping them confined up to this point has been due to the vast majority still being so relieved that the fighting has ceased that very few have expressed objection to not being allowed to go free. But, this surely will not last."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Several weeks ago, it became apparent that we were rapidly approaching the point where it would be necessary to begin releasing men back to society. With this thought in mind, the Central Committee approved final plans for a recommended policy as to how the repatriation would be carried out. It was the intent, at that time, to present the plan at this gathering for your approval. But now, however, conditions have become known of such drastic magnitude that this plan is no longer a viable option."
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"The conditions to which I refer are the contents of a report that was received several days prior to the Summit being convened. The report identified an impending crisis about to befall us of such staggering and monumental proportions that the Central Committee was called into an immediate emergency session that only ended yesterday. It was the chairing of this session that forced me to be absent from attending any of the prior proceedings of this assembly. As a result of the emergency session, the Central Committee has adopted a new resolution in regard to the male population. I assure you that it is no understatement in stating that this resolution drastically differs from anything we would have envisioned in our wildest dreams."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;An uneasy murmur went through the audience, and the Supreme Commander paused to let it subside. The grave expression on her face had increased noticeably which only served to heighten the concern and caused a foreboding chill to pass through all that were present - something obviously was seriously wrong. In a subdued but still firm voice the Supreme Commander continued. "When the extreme gravity of the crisis became known, the Central Committee put forth a supreme effort in searching for a possible remedy. Numerous options were considered but, in the end, there was only one solution that had any possible hope of success.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Before I reveal the nature of this solution it is imperative that you fully understand the magnitude of the dire predicament in which we find ourselves. You are well aware that, for more than a decade, armies throughout the world have taken practically all available food for their own use - leaving women to fend for themselves. It certainly is not necessary for me to take time describing the desperate course of action we were forced to take as the only possible means to prevent dying from starvation. It is for this reason that each of us is acutely aware of the critical importance of having enough food to at least meet minimum needs."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"One of the major unknowns that we had been unable to determine prior to the end of the war was the amount of food that had been hoarded and stockpiled by the dictators for their armed forces. We also had very limited knowledge of what could be produced in the near future. It was because of these unknowns that we immediately invoked a strict rationing policy until a survey could be conducted to find answers to these questions. We were, of course, aware that we faced a serious problem, but we did not anticipate it being of a magnitude that could not be overcome by prudent planning. Unfortunately, this optimistic outlook has proven to have been a major miscalculation. The survey has been concluded, and it shows us to be on the brink of a desperate crisis of such magnitude that is almost beyond comprehension."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander paused and looked around. There was total silence among the members of the audience and their faces displayed looks of increasing anxiety. They gave her their undivided attention and listened intently as she continued. "We were aware, of course, that in the latter stages of the war armies began to concentrate on attacking each others food supplies in the hope of depleting it to a point that it would bring surrender where military might failed. We were not aware, however, of what we have now found to be an almost unbelievable degree of success that these attacks achieved on all sides. Countless warehouse and storage facilities, throughout the world, have been totally destroyed, and a large portion of those that remain have been damaged to the extent that the food within has spoiled and is no longer suitable for human consumption. To make matters worse, severe and prolonged droughts have been plaguing most of the world for the past several years which has taken a heavy toll on what few crops would have survived otherwise."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Disease in what little remained of livestock has also increased dramatically to the degree that very few still survive with some species being practically nonexistent. If this were nor enough, present supplies of seed and fertilizers are woefully inadequate even if we had agricultural equipment and machinery available for planting new crops - which of course we don't. The end result of all of these factors has proven to be devastating. The limited stockpiles of food that remained at the end of the war are being rapidly depleted, and the means for producing additional amounts in the near future is severely limited to the point of having very little value. Ladies..., it is my sad duty to inform you that the entire world is on the brink of being completely out of food."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A gasp of shock and disbelief swept through the audience, and the Supreme Commander waited for it to die down before continuing. "The report containing the findings of this impending disaster shows the results of detailed studies whose conclusions have been checked and re-checked to the point where there can be no doubt of the accuracy. These studies show that it will take a minimum of five years to regenerate livestock herds of a size to enable them to once again become a major source of food. And, it will take an almost equal amount of time to rebuild factories and then manufacture enough farm equipment and materials needed to begin growing crops of sufficient quantity. But, as things now stand, we do not have five months - much less five years. Ladies, unless we take immediate and decisive action the entire world will soon find itself on the brink of massive starvation."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander looked at the audience. "I can see by your faces that you took note of my implying that there is some action we can take to avoid this impending crisis. Unfortunately, there is nothing we can do to prevent a calamity of monumental proportions from transpiring, but there is action we can take that will prevent total doom for all. The sacrifice that this will require, however, is enormous.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; When I stated that all available food would soon be depleted I was referring to food in the traditional sense as known in the past. As women, each of us is acutely aware that this is not the first time in which we have found ourselves confronted with the dilemma of being faced with impending starvation due to "traditional" sources of food no longer being available. When this happened we had no choice but to turn to a very "untraditional" source which was the only available life sustaining nourishment that could be obtained - the flesh taken from the bodies of soldiers killed in battle. Choosing this desperate course of action was a difficult and traumatic experience for us, but it was either that or die a slow and agonizing death from starvation."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Ladies, we are once again faced with having to chose between two options. The first is to do nothing and allow the world to be overwhelmed by massive starvation that would soon plunge it into chaos and anarchy that would be far worse than that which we have just endured. The second option is to obtain enough food to prevent this calamity from taking place, and there is only one source that is available in sufficient quantity to fulfill this need. The source to which I refer is the same now as it was before - flesh of the human male. Nothing has changed except that we no longer have a war to provide a plentiful supply of bodies that are already dead. This time, it will be necessary for men to be killed for the sole purpose of using their bodies for food."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander paused and looked at the stunned faces of the audience before continuing in a calm voice. "Ladies, it is the second option that the Central Committee recommends that we adopt, and, as much as it pains me, it is this proposal which I will soon place before you for consideration."









THE FUTURE
By C

PART II
CHAPTER 17

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A deathly quite prevailed among the assembled members of the Summit after the Supreme Commander revealed the shocking nature of the proposal that was going to be placed before them. They sat in stunned shock as each woman looked within herself trying to come to grips with the unbelievable reality of what she had just heard. Most had been aware that the food situation would pose a serious problem requiring difficult decisions, but none, in their wildness dreams, had considered the possibility that they would be confronted with anything as drastic and profound as this.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander was well aware of the inner turmoil that her last remarks had caused, and she waited patiently in order to give them time to digest the reality of what was going to be asked of them. Several minutes elapsed before she once again began to speak in a manner that, remarkably, maintained the same, calm, business-like tone as before. "Ladies, before I place this proposal on the floor, I want you to understand the full magnitude that will be required. I call your attention to my informing you that the male population numbers more than two billion and outnumbers our own by over eight to one. It was first hoped that, with such a large disparity, only a portion would be needed to fulfill our needs. Unfortunately, such did not prove to be the case. A careful study has been conducted which reveals that, even with strict rationing, it will require eliminating the entire male population to enable us to survive until we can become self-sufficient."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A gasp swept through the assembly causing the Supreme Commander to pause before continuing. "I share the trauma that I know this announcement has caused. We will, of course, put off taking the young for as long as possible in hopes that recovery might come sooner than expected. But, if present projections hold true not even youngest of them can be allowed to live who, when the time comes, will be no older than eighteen."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I will make no attempt to hide the fact that this proposal calls for sacrificing the entire male population while the female population remains unharmed. At first glance, this could appear to be a callous move on our part in saying it is better for all men to die so that far fewer women might live. It could be argued that we are taking advantage having control over a captive male population and selfishly choosing to sacrifice male over female.&nbsp; We could respond to such accusations by pointing out that almost all of the female population has already been annihilated during a war that was none of our doing. One could be reminded of the untold horrors we have been forced to endure at the hands of men, and it could be said that we have been forced to sacrifice and suffer enough. One might also point that it is men alone who are solely responsible for this impending disaster."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"There is no denying the truth of what I have just said, and they alone could be viewed as being legitimate and justifiable reasons for our taking such action. But, none of these factors were discussed by the Central Committee during our deliberations. Our attention was focused on far more pressing issues that greatly outweighed deciding who should be held accountable or deciding who was more deserving. The Central Committee's judgment was guided solely on the realization of what will surely take place if the recommended course of action is not implemented. It was this issue, and this issue alone, that convinced each and every member of the committee that they had no choice but to recommend the adoption of this proposal - regardless of the horrendous sacrifice in male life that it will entail."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Allow me to describe the events that will transpire if this proposal is not carried out and, in this case, a crystal ball is not needed to predict what would occur. Worldwide starvation will soon descend upon us, and it will have the same devastating effect on men as on ourselves. It would be impossible for us to be able to continue keeping them in confinement since they would surely revolt when we could no longer provide them with food. Once men gained their freedom they would discover for themselves the desperate shortage of food, and, knowing the male mentality, it takes little imagination to visualize what would follow. The more violent and ruthless would begin using force to take what little food remained, and others would be forced to fight back in trying to keep whatever they had.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; It would not be long before practically all food would be exhausted and men would find themselves faced with the same two options that confront us. They could do nothing and die of starvation, or they could turn to the only source of nourishment that would still be available in adequate quantity to sustain life - the flesh of human bodies. There is no doubt as to which option they would choose, and it would not be long before men would be killing each other for this sole purpose. The strong would at first prey upon those that were weaker, and it would be folly to think that countless women would not be numbered among the victims - and, for many, after being used first to satisfy other depraved desires."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Everything we have managed to achieve would be lost. After stronger men had eliminated the weaker they would then begin to prey upon each other. The world would soon disintegrate into total chaos where nothing but terror and barbaric anarchy would reign. In the end, the male population will wind up being almost completely annihilated with the only difference being that it would have come by their hand rather than ours. Only the most ruthless would manage to survive, and I can only shudder when I think of the fate that would befall the few women that might be allowed to live for the pleasures their bodies were able to offer. And, although this would result in propagation, the number would be so small that the human race would be on the verge of becoming extinct or, at best, revert backward in time to where only a few primitive tribes would roam the earth."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"There can be no doubt the horrors I have described will take place unless we take the desperate course of action I have stated as being our only hope for survival. Granted, it will not save the male population, but it will spare them the agony, hardship, and terror they would suffer otherwise. They will be able to live their remaining days in comfort and without fear since they will be unaware of the fate awaiting them. And..., of primary importance, the female population will be able to survive and continue working toward building a better world. Instead of anarchy, there will be an organized form of government that adheres to the noble principles we have established. Instead of extinction, the human race will continue and live in a civilized society in which future generations, both male and female, will benefit from what we will have done."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Ladies, I am well aware of the tremendous burden that I am about to place upon you, and I deeply regret having to call upon you to make such a profound and difficult decision. I know that every fiber within you rebels against having to call for such action, regardless of the compelling circumstances, and that it will take every ounce of courage you possess to vote for its adoption. In making your decision, I only ask you to search your heart and let it be your guide. I now officially place this proposal before you and open the floor for debate."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It might have been expected that there would have been an immediate clamor of protest and demands for additional information but, instead, total silence prevailed. Each woman in the audience found her mind frantically searching for some inspiration that might lead to a possible alternative that had missed being considered. They all experienced a sick feeling of despair in knowing, deep inside, that they were only grasping for straws and that no alternative existed. The skilled and convincing manner in which the Supreme Commander had made her presentation had been overpowering in which no part could be challenged. The members of the assembly knew that to debate the issue would only add to their despair and postpone the inevitable. For this reason, the room continued to remain silent. The Supreme Commander waited a reasonable length of time and then quietly called for a vote. It was taken in a subdued atmosphere, and the clerk read the results. The proposal received unanimous approval. It was in this subdued manner that a plan of action was adopted that would, by far, have the greatest impact on history that had ever been known and would result in creating a world that none of those present could have possibly imagined.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander called a short recess to allow the numb and distressed members of the assembly a chance to collect themselves. Some of the women wandered about aimlessly and others remained in their seats. They did not talk to one another due to each being lost in her thoughts. All of them felt a deep pain and had become acutely aware of just how demanding the burden of leadership could prove to be. Most had tears flowing down their faces, and there had not been a single woman present that had little doubt that she would carry this horrendous burden for the remainder of her life.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When the assembly reconvened the subdued atmosphere continued. Most of the women had managed to regain some degree of composure, but they remained in a state of deep depression. The Supreme Commander, on the other hand, appeared to have undergone a remarkable transformation. The grave expression on her face was no longer evident and had been replaced by the same look of self-confidence she had displayed at the start of the proceedings. When she began to speak her tone was forceful and businesslike - giving every appearance of discussing nothing but routine matters.&nbsp; "Ladies, now that this proposal has been adopted it will be necessary for you to decide upon the guidelines in which it will be implemented. The Central Committee has discussed this matter at length and has developed a series of recommendations which I will now present."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Before I continue, however, I must stress it being imperative that everything we discuss be kept in the strictest confidence. It must not even be revealed to your closest associates and advisors except for those whose assistance will be required. We can take no chance of any part of this plan becoming known until proper steps can be taken. If women in the general public were to prematurely became aware of the crisis and what we are about to undertake it would surely create a wave of mass hysteria. It is imperative that they be adequately prepared before being informed so they will be able to accept the need for it being implemented. And, even if this were not the case, it would be foolhardy to allow the impending action becoming common knowledge among the female population until we have established safeguards to ensure that males remain ignorant of the fate awaiting them."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I am quite sure you remain acutely aware of my informing you that it will require eliminating the entire male population just to meet minimum needs. Even this can not be achieved without careful planning, and it will require putting forth a maximum effort and accomplishing a great deal within a short period of time. A careful study has been conducted comparing demand vs. supply, and the demand that presently exists greatly exceeds the available supply. The greatest demand, at first, will be that which will be needed to feed members of the male population during the period of time they remain alive. However, to put it bluntly &#8211; if they&#8217;re dead they don&#8217;t need to be fed."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"In keeping this in mind, The quantity needed to feed males will diminish as their numbers decrease, but the necessity to feed those that remain until also eliminated still creates a significant demand. This demand is of such magnitude that, unless decisive steps are taken, it will be impossible to meet the needs of the female population during the five year period that it will take to become self sufficient."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"The only solution is to eliminate the male population as rapidly as possible and freeze the bodies in mass storage for later use. Unfortunately, almost all cold storage facilities have been destroyed to the extent that practically none exist. It is for this reason that it will be necessary to revise the construction priorities which you gave final approval only yesterday. We must immediately implement a crash program for constructing numerous processing facilities and mammoth cold storage warehouses that will facilitate men being killed in large numbers and freezing the bodies not needed for immediate use. It is only in this manner that we will be able to rapidly reduce the size of the male population at a rate greatly exceeding that needed to meet current demands and thereby enable stockpiling sufficient quantity to meet future needs."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"In this regard, we are extremely fortunate that, by some unexplainable miracle, a large number of manufacturing plants that are able to produce refrigeration equipment have somehow been spared much of the massive destruction that has befallen almost all other forms of industry. Most of these factories have remained idle for a long time, but it will take little effort to put them back into operation. It is a remarkable coincidence that one the few types of equipment for which the capability remains to be manufactured in large quantity is the very type that we most desperately need in searching for a way to insure our very survival."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"The task that lies before us will in no way be easy. It has been projected that within the next twelve months we must construct enough facilities to give us the capacity for killing and processing over three million males a day. This is a staggering statistic and one that will take a supreme effort to achieve. But, it will enable us to eliminate the entire population in less than three years with sufficient number being frozen to satisfy future needs. It will require building numerous facilities in every city, and, they will have to be in continuous operation around the clock."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"The average facility will be capable of handling six thousand men a day which will make it necessary for large groups to be rapidly killed at a time. We have neither the time nor the resources to try and be creative in developing new and ingenious methods as to how this might be accomplished. One thing that the war has left us in abundance is an almost unlimited supply of automatic weapons and ammunition. We will take advantage of these weapons and use a method that men themselves have utilized on numerous occasions in the past for conducting mass executions. It might appear to be somewhat crude, but it has proven to be quite effective. The men will be lined up and shot with automatic weapons. The bodies needed to meet ongoing demand will be processed immediately afterward, and the remainder will be frozen for future use. To save time, this latter group will only be disemboweled before being placed in cold storage."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"The mention of "meeting ongoing demand" brings me to a convenient place to touch on the subject of food distribution. We will continue the policy of providing food free of charge. If there is anything we are in complete agreement it is that the thought of any woman going hungry is unthinkable. I have mentioned that it will be necessary to maintain a strict rationing policy, but we will treat each and every woman on an equal basis so everyone receives an equal allotment. There can be no exception to this rule regardless of position or influence - and this includes us."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Ration books be issued that will have allotments ranging from ground meat to the choicest cuts. It needs to be stressed that coupons for genitals will be the most closely regulated of all. This action is necessary to ensure that women of prominence do not yield to temptation and attempt to use influence to gain an unequal share of this highly desired part of the male body. This can not be allowed under any circumstances. The suffering that women have been forced to endure during the war has bonded us together in a manner that has never existed before. It is essential that this spirit of kinship continue and, for this reason, we can not allow any policy that does not insure equal treatment for all. As I have stated, this is also true for us. It is up to us to set an example for others to follow and, for this reason, we will receive the same allotment as every one else."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander paused to take a sip of water. She gazed at the women seated before her and was gratified to note that the looks of tension had noticeably drained from their faces. The casual, confident, businesslike, manner she had been using to discuss such a profound course of action, as though it were just another routine item on the agenda, had worked like a tonic to help calm the shattered nerves of this group of women that had just voted to put over two billion men to death. They were, of course, a long way from being recovered, but they had at least been able to gain enough composure to once again be able to think in a logical manner.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The image being projected by the Supreme Commander had been so convincing that the women were unaware that she had deliberately chosen this manner in hope that it would have just such an effect. It was a true testament of her skill as a leader that she was able to maintain this appearance while concealing a deep sadness that remained in her heart and an inner-turmoil that continued to rage within.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She put the glass down with a steady hand and continued in the same businesslike tone as before. "You are aware that we are fortunate to have several world renowned psychiatrists as members of the Central Committee. During the discussions on what we are about to undertake, these highly qualified women expressed grave concerns as to the long-term psychological effect this drastic course of action would have on the female population. We are all aware of the extreme difficulty women had in overcoming the trauma of being forced to eat flesh taken from soldiers that were victims of the war and, therefore, were already dead. It was only through time that they were able ease troubled minds and accept that taking such action was the only possible means for survival. But now, it will be entirely different. Each time women sit down at their tables they will be acutely aware that the meat upon it came from the body of a human male that had been killed solely for that purpose."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"They will, of course, be aware of the desperate conditions that require such action being taken and will have no choice but to accept it as being unavoidable - just as you have done today. But, they can not keep from being women and having the feelings of women, and, even though they will be forced to accept this action, they will be aware that massive numbers of men will be dying each day for no other purpose than to enable them to live. The psychiatrists are deeply concerned that unless we take decisive action many women will become ridden with guilt and remorse to the point that it will have a serious emotional effect on them for the rest of their lives. It is for this reason that it is imperative for us to do everything within our power to prepare them in advance so that they will be mentally and emotionally able to accept what is going to be done without being forced to carry this immense burden."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"The psychiatrists have recommended a plan they feel will not only enable women to accept what we are about to undertake without feeling guilt and remorse, but it will actually cause them to experience pleasure and excitement in knowing that men are being slain on their behalf. I know that you are thinking that such a reaction in women would be impossible, and at any other time in history, you would be correct. But this is not any other time in history, and, due to a combination of unique and unusual circumstances, the experts feel that just such a reaction can indeed be created. They have put a great effort in developing a plan they think will accomplish this seemingly impossible feat. The plan has received the unanimous backing of the Central Committee, and I add my personal endorsement as well. It is somewhat complex, and, since I am a layman in such matters, I hope I will be able to describe it in a manner that you will be able to understand."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"The first step will be to conduct a highly publicized televised campaign in which it will be stressed as being extremely important for all women to watch. We are fortunate in this regard that one of our first priorities was placed on restoring public communication systems and have been successful in rebuilding these facilities and placing television in all homes. The purpose for this was because it was deemed vital to keep women informed at all times what was taking place and what would be needed from them. Little did we dream, at the time, the role that this would play."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"The campaign will be highly dramatic in nature. One of the main themes will be aimed at convincing women that it is healthy, both physically and mentally, to openly accept natural desires and emotions that dwell within. We will emphasize that many of these inner feelings are hidden in the subconscious and need to be brought out in the open so they can be recognized and accepted for what they are."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"The campaign will be conducted in a manner that we feel confident will capture both women's attention and imagination. There are two things in particular that will receive special emphasis. The first is that it is only normal for women to have feelings of fascination when observing human death if it occurs under certain circumstances. The second is that almost all women contain suppressed sexual desires that are far greater than they consciously realize."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"It was a combination of these factors that was the reason women found themselves experiencing strange feelings of fascination and sexual arousal when they striped the clothing from a man's lifeless body, examined his nakedness, and then proceeded to butcher him for food. Needless to say, these emotions were also the cause for the heightened excitement women felt when they started cutting off and eating male sex organs. We know that, at first, most kept these feelings to themselves and worried that they were becoming mentally unbalanced. It was only gradually that they learned others were experiencing the same emotions and having the same feelings of guilt."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"The reason that will be given for placing an emphasis on these particular emotions is a desire to relieve any lingering anxieties that might still remain by letting it be known that such reactions are natural, and it would have been almost impossible to have responded in any other manner. I think most of you are aware we were going to conduct a campaign along these lines for this very reason &#8211; but, that effort would not have been anywhere near the intensity of what is planned now. The primary importance for emphasizing these emotions is because it is imperative that women come to understand and accept them before they can be capable of reacting in the manner I have described. Certainly, it will require a great deal more than this alone, but it is a key upon which any hope for ultimate success will hinge. We will find ourselves defeated before we even begin if we are not successful in enabling women to openly recognize and understand these inner emotions."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"The most difficult issue to overcome will be to convince women to accept that it is normal to become fascinated when witnessing death if such action is considered to not be of any importance or concern. It will be pointed out that the capacity to experience such fascination has existed in humans, both male and female, since our earliest beginnings. It will also be pointed out that, unlike many men, women do not become obsessed with this emotion and that, even though it exists within us, it has never been known to have had a detrimental effect."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"There have been numerous occasions in which women of past times have been enthusiastic spectators at public executions, but such reactions occurred only when the victims were considered to be either deserving of their fate or individuals that were looked upon as being unimportant and, therefore, not worthy of concern. There has never been a recorded case in history, however, that attributes women advocating the execution of others simply to satisfy a desire to witness it taking place. This fact clearly demonstrates that while the presence of this fascination does indeed exist in women, it is quite harmless. We might look upon it as being somewhat primitive, but there is no reason for it to be of concern."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"It will be stressed that it is much better to openly accept this fascination for what is than to look upon it as being wrong and then feel guilt whenever it has been awakened. It will also be stressed that its presence within women does nothing to interfere with our basic nature of feeling compassion for undeserving victims and to abhor needless death. But, this compassion does not prevent conditions being present that can awaken this primitive emotion and make its presence known &#8211; even to the extent of causing enjoyment and excitement. It is our intent to create an atmosphere in which such conditions will indeed exist and will cause just such a reaction. Certainly, all of us would agree that feelings of enjoyment and excitement are greatly preferred over those of guilt and remorse."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"The second issue to overcome should not be as difficult, but it will still require a major effort. As I have stated, this will involve persuading women to recognize and accept their innermost sexual emotions and desires. In many past cultures, women have been taught, from an early age, that it was not proper for them to openly display sexual feelings and, as a result, have been forced to suppress natural sexual urges. This, however, has not been the case for the vast majority of the present female population since they know very little in matters regarding sex. This ignorance will be remedied by the subject being extensively discussed and explained."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"We will also explain that even though women do not become obsessed with sex to the point that it controls their actions - as is the case with males - they still possess strong inborn desires that are capable of even exceeding those found in men. We will reveal studies which show that suppressing sexual emotions can cause woman to experience anxieties and frustrations that are the result of nothing other than their bodies not being allowed to satisfy subconscious longings. It will be stressed that it serves no purpose for women to suppress inner feelings that nature fully intended them to enjoy. We will strongly encourage openly accepting and pursuing sexual pleasure."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"As I have stated, it is imperative that we reach both of these goals if we are to have any hope for success in what we will be striving to achieve. There are, however, other important issues that must be addressed which will also play a key role in bringing on such a reaction. One of these is the obvious necessity to create an atmosphere that will enable them to willingly accept large numbers of men being slain on a daily basis."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I mentioned that there are two conditions which, in past times, have enabled women to enthusiastically accept humans being put to death. The first is when the victims are looked upon as being deserving of their fate, and the second is if they are regarded as being unimportant and not worthy of concern. There have been many occasions, throughout history, where this has been demonstrated. One example is large numbers of French women within crowds uttering enthusiastic cheers each time the blade of a guillotine dropped to decapitate some hapless victim. Another is women in ancient Rome laughing in merriment as they watch innocent victims being slaughtered mercilessly on the floor of the Coliseum."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Please bear in mind that these reactions did not come from women living in primitive societies. Both of the cultures were considered to have been in the forefront of civilized advancement for their time. I could give many other examples, but I think the point has been made. In past times, it has been shown that only one of the conditions needed to be present to enable women to react in such a manner, but, due to the magnitude of what we are about to undertake, we will strive to create an atmosphere in which a human male will be looked upon by as being both unimportant and deserving of death."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Our first effort will be to try and make women feel that men will truly deserve everything that will be happening to them. This will be a major part of the televised campaign and, hopefully, will have been successful when the time comes to reveal what we are about to undertake. If things go according to plan, the second condition of men being looked upon as unimportant will come as a result of the method used in slaying and processing them for food. If we are successful, it will result in women coming to look upon the life of a human male as being of less and less value."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Before I attempt to explain how we plan to accomplish all of these things I would again like to call your attention to the fact that the vast majority of the female population consists of young women that are under the age of twenty five. You will recall my stating that this would have a significant bearing upon things to come, and I will try to explain why this is considered to be such an important factor. It does not require a great deal of thought to realize that the female population of today is totally unique in many ways from any that has ever existed before.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; It is this uniqueness that will enable us to accomplish things that would have been impossible at any time in the past. These young women have not lived in a society where males were an integral part of their lives. It goes without saying that they have never had the opportunity to know what it means to, boyfriends, lovers, or husbands and for the few that might recall fathers, they were of such young age that any recollections are, at best, only hazy images. The result is that they have no knowledge of having an association with a male that could create feelings of affection. The only association they have had has been with cruel individuals forcing them to obey harsh and unmerciful demands while working in plants and factories, and the only sexual encounters any have experienced have come from acts of brutal rape. The result is a female population that has no feelings of compassion or concern for any member of the opposite sex."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"The women of today are fully aware that it is men who are responsible for the tragic loss of mothers, sisters, friends, and countless other innocent women. They are also aware that it is men who are responsible for the tremendous suffering, pain, and hardship they have been forced to endure for as long as most can remember. At the same time, however, they know that the primary blame for the atrocities rest with only a few individuals, and that the majority of men have only been following orders that they had no option but to obey. It is for this reason that most women do not contain feelings of extreme hatred for the male population as a whole. But, the pain and suffering they have been forced to endure also makes it impossible for them to not have at least some degree of resentment toward any male if only by association."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"It is also only natural that their ignorance of members of the male sex makes today's women somewhat apprehensive about the thought of men returning to society. It is out intention to turn the feelings of resentment into those of open hostility toward all males, and the feelings of apprehension into an extreme fear for their safety. This endeavor will be an important part of the televised campaign, and, if successful, will result in a female population that regards all males as being deserving of whatever fate that might befall them."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"It will not be necessary to exaggerate the dangers that would exist if a large portion of the male population were in fact to be released. This very thing, more than anything else, caused the most concern among members of the Central Committee when we were still under the impression that we would soon have to start releasing men into society. The dangers that women would face if men were to be set free are so real that there will be little need to exaggerate. Women will find themselves being afraid at the thought of males being released among their ranks. Their fear will be so great that they will be unable to keep from experiencing relief when they become aware that the threat will not take place. The instinct of self survival is very strong. It is especially powerful among the surviving female population since this, more than anything else, provided the fortitude to withstand the enormity of what, for years, we have been forced to endure. When this instinct is combined with feelings of open hostility women will find that the relief will remain even after being made aware of the enormity of what will be taking place."









 THE FUTURE
By C

PART II
CHAPTER 18 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander paused and looked at the women seated before her. She was relieved to note that even more of the tension had eased, and the expressions were beginning to return somewhat to normal. They were looking at her intently and were obviously listening closely. She took a sip of water and continued. "Ladies, I hope I have been successful in explaining how we will try to create women having feelings of hostility toward all males and, in addition, having a fear for their safety should men be released. If this effort is successful, it will go a long way in helping them to be both mentally and emotionally prepared to accept the drastic action we are about to undertake - especially when they are made aware of the catastrophe that would transpire if we do nothing. The attitude will be such that they will consider it only fitting that males be the ones to pay the price for preventing the catastrophe since they are responsible for its existence in the first place."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I am sure you realize that the enormity of what we are about to undertake will make it impossible to prevent women being aware that men are being killed in large numbers. Since it would be folly to try and hide this fact we will attempt to use it as an advantage. I have told you that men will be brought out in large groups and shot with automatic weapons. The groups will range in size from sixty to a hundred depending on the capacity of the facility. The activity will be conducted openly, and stands will even be provided to enable being viewed by a sizable audience. All women will be strongly encouraged to attend at every opportunity.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander was interrupted by a mummer of surprise that swept through the audience. "Please bear with me." She said. "I know this comes as a surprise, but I will try to explain. It is our intent during these events that men should be degraded and humiliated to the fullest extent possible. They will have been told that they are being taken to receive physical examinations. The area in the facility they will enter will resemble a clinic, and they will be instructed to undress and take a shower. This will save the trouble and time of having to strip and wash the bodies later, but this is not the primary reason for taking such action.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; To give the appearance of having concern for their modesty, we will provide towels for them to put around their waist. It will only be after this that they will become aware of anything unusual taking place. They will be forced, at gunpoint, to walk out along the top of a thirty foot high, rubber coated, embankment and stand in a line facing the female audience. They will then be ordered to remove the towels, and, to ensure prompt action, a few bursts from automatic weapons will be fired over their heads. The sight of a group of men hurriedly yanking off the towels should prove to be an amusing spectacle, but the primary purpose is to force them to suffer the ultimate indignity of being naked while an audience, composed entirely of women, sit in leisure and watch them die in a highly degrading manner. It goes without saying that the nakedness will also serve to greatly enhance the excitement that women will be experiencing."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I think you should be able to visualize what will happen after the men are shot in rapid succession. The bodies will tumble, helter-skelter, down the embankment in a highly undignified manner and then lay sprawled, in a tangled pile, at the bottom with many putting their exposed manhood on prominent display. They will then be dragged by the feet to a nearby overhead conveyer where they will be hung, upside-down, to be transported into a processing room. The entire procedure will only take a short time, and as soon as the area has been cleared and hosed down another group will be brought out. The routine will be repeated on a continuous cycle, around the clock, seven days a week."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I think you may now understand the importance of women understanding that is only natural for them to experience fascination for death if it occurs under acceptable circumstances. You should also see the reason for encouraging them to openly accept that their female bodies contain strong sexual emotions and desires. When these emotions are combined with feelings of resentment toward males it will result in them finding the sight being a highly enjoyable and exciting experience. In addition, the degrading manner in which the events will be carried out will result in women finding themselves becoming amused to the point of openly laughing in genuine merriment."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"The areas where men will be slain will not be the only places that will be made accessible to the public. Observation points will be constructed in the processing rooms so that the work taking place within can also be viewed. This will enable seeing men hanging upside-down, one after another, from moving conveyors as their bodies pass through an assembly-line process of being butchered as though nothing more than carcasses of livestock. The women working in the rooms will be instructed to go about their duties in an efficient and indifferent manner to help enhance this atmosphere. The bodies needed for immediate use will be processed and packaged for distribution. The remainder will only be gutted prior to being diverted to cold storage."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Nothing of them will be wasted. The parts that are not particularly desirable but still eatable will be ground up and fed to men that still live. The bodies will also be skinned since these hides will be our only plentiful source of natural leather for a long time to come. In addition, women will be instructed save left-over bones so they can be collected for being made into much needed fertilizer."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"At no time will the bodies of slain males be afforded any respect or dignity. They will have been slain for the sole purpose of providing meat and leather and, therefore, will be treated as such. The only exception to being processed in a manner of ordinary livestock will be when women working in the processing rooms take brief moments to playfully taunt sex organs by jouncing scrotums and flipping limp penises."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"The genitals will remain on the carcasses for as long as possible to allow the women watching to be able to enjoy looking at these male organs and, at the same time, enable the identity of what will become nothing more than a headless torso to still be vividly apparent. When the time comes for the sex organs to be removed they will tossed on a table and allowed to accumulate into a sizable pile. If you visualize what a pile such as this would look like I think you will agree that it would be almost impossible for any women not to find it to be an intriguing and exciting sight indeed."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"In past times, before the war, the number of women who could bear to watch an animal, to say nothing of a human, being butchered would be few indeed. Today, however, this is no longer the case. Not only have women become accustomed to seeing countless bodies that were horribly mutilated, but, for years, they have been removing internal organs and cutting flesh from men&#8217;s bodies on a routine basis. This is yet another example of one of the unique features that is present in the female population which lends itself to making it possible to accomplish something that would have been a hopeless endeavor at any other time. Women have become so conditioned to such sights that they are far beyond the point of feeling any queasiness. To the contrary, if we are successful in putting them in the proper frame of mind they should find watching the activity to be both enjoyable and exciting."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"The cold storage rooms will also contain viewing windows so that women can look at the frozen gutted carcasses hanging inside. I did not exaggerate when I stated that it would be necessary for the storage facilities to be enormous. They will be of such size that a typical room will be capable of holding fifty rows with four hundred men hanging in each row. A quick calculation will tell you that a room of this size will hold twenty thousand carcasses when filled to capacity, and it will require numerous such rooms being constructed at each facility. I think this statistic, probably more than anything else, clearly illustrates the enormity of what we are about to undertake."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"The bodies inside the cold storage rooms will be hung upside-down with legs spread. This will put the underside of dangling frost covered manhood on conspicuous display in a highly undignified manner. Since death will have been instantaneous the eyes will remain open which will give the appearance of being awake and staring blankly ahead. This feature will add a final touch to the disgrace of being placed on display in such a humiliation manner for countless women to gaze upon. There is little doubt that it will be an impressive sight to look at what will appear to be endless rows for as far as the eye can see."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"The reason for making all parts of the facilities accessible to the public is to create an atmosphere in which women become accustomed to observing large numbers of men being killed in a highly degrading manner and watching the bodies being butchered and treated with an air of total disdain. If they are exposed to such scenes on a routine basis it will be only natural to begin looking upon the life of a human male in a totally different light from that of a female. It will hopefully reach a point to where women will come to regard men being slaughtered for food with the same indifference that women in past times gave to farm animals."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"It&#8217;s unfortunate that the heavy demands being placed upon women by the massive effort needed to rebuild our society will leave little leisure time for going to the facilities nearly as often as we would like. To overcome this obstacle, designated television channels will be established that feature nothing but continuous broadcasts showing all phases of the activity taking place. The telecasts will be edited to make them highly exciting and amusing. They will strive to capture some of the more comical reactions that occur as men gasp, stagger, and fall from being shot, in the manner they tumble helter-skelter down the embankment, and in the way they lay sprawled in a tangled heap at the bottom."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"In addition to scenes showing them in groups there will be close-up shots of individuals. We will also use slow motion in order to capture the maximum effect and enable observing things that would be missed at normal speed - something that would surely be the case for observing what otherwise would be extremely frantic activity of genitals which, at times, will be zoomed-in and shown in super slow motion. In this enable observing intricate details of limp penises flopping in all directions and testicles jouncing within scrotums as their lifeless owners tumble down the embankment. When the bodies are sprawled at the bottom, close-up views of exposed manhood, laying passively in a variety of degrading positions, will be shown - one after another. Various activities taking place in processing rooms will, of course, also be shown."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"In addition to televised coverage, framed photographs will be provided to hang in public places as well as in homes. There will, of course, be photos capturing scenes as men are being killed, but the majority will be pictures that emphasize the reason for them being slain is to obtain meat. It is important that women remain acutely aware of this fact at all times since it is this desperate and unavoidable need that will legitimize the enormity of everything being done. For this reason, many of the pictures will be scenes in processing rooms of bodies hanging from conveyors in various stages of being butchered. One scene in particular that will be shown are ones that have been reduced to nothing more than skinned gutted torsos. At this point, they could easily be mistaken for the butchered carcass of an animal if it were not for the sex organs being left on to provide a vivid reminder of the true identity. There will also be pictures of the interiors of cold storage rooms showing row upon row of frozen bodies receding in the distance. I have stated that a scene such as this will dramatically emphasize the enormous magnitude of what we will be undertaking, but, at the same time, it will vividly emphasize just how desperate our need must truly be to require storing such massive number."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"The combination of all I have described will serve to inundate women with constantly seeing - either live, on television, or in photographs - of men being slain, butchered, and hanging in cold storage. The atmosphere that will be created will make it almost impossible for women not to become accustom to observing such activity and accepting it as fulfilling a valid and unavoidable need. When this has been achieved, it is only natural that they will find themselves placing less and less importance on the life of a human male."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"It is in this manner that, in time, women will indeed come to regard men being slaughtered for food with an air of indifference and look upon it as being nothing more than a normal, everyday, occurrence. This indifference, however, will not cause a them to loose sight of the fact that males are members of the opposite sex whose bodies nature intended them to have a natural attraction. This awareness will create heightened sexual arousal which will serve to enhance the feelings of fascination for death, excitement, and amusement from watching men that are naked being killed and seeing the exposed manhood remaining on humiliating display for as long as possible."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Women will even reach the point to where attending such events will not only create all of what I have described but will, at the same time, give them a chance to relax and, for a short while, take their minds off the heavy demands that the rebuilding of our society will require. In this light, the opportunity of observing such activity could actually come to be regarded as providing a much needed therapeutic benefit"

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Another factor that should come as a result from conducting the activity in an open manner is that women will find themselves looking upon a member of the male sex not only in terms of being unimportant but also as being inferior. In this regard, we are fortunate that the human species is one in which there is obvious physical difference between male and female. Such a difference is not the case for many species of animals where sex can not be readily determined by a quick glance, and, as I have said, it is fortunate that humans do not fall in this category. It would be far more difficult for women to separate themselves from men and openly accept what will be taking place if they could not easily identify males as being individuals that are markedly different."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"The parts of the human body that most clearly identify being male are, of course, the genitals, and although the scrotum is quite noticeable it is the penis that is, by far, the most prominent. It is the high visibility of the penis, more than anything else, which will enable a woman to immediately identify the individuals being slaughtered for food as being male. A brief glance at a tangle of bleeding, lifeless bodies lying sprawled at the foot of an embankment will be all that is necessary to quickly determine that they possess a penis. Such will also be the case when observing bodies hanging from conveyors in processing rooms and in seemingly endless rows in cold storage. The same will be true for the countless pictures that will hang on walls of homes and public places. All of this will serve to emphasize a point that will soon become readily apparent - that the millions upon millions of individuals receiving this devastating fate will have one distinct feature in common - all of them, each and every one, will have a penis - and therefore, each and every one will be male."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"It will be the penis, more than anything else, which will serve as a vivid reminder of what fate lays in store for individuals that possess it. Women will become acutely aware of what it will mean for those that have a penis and what it will mean for those that do not. To have a penis will mean dying naked, in a humiliating manner, while those that do not sit in leisure and watch with excitement and amusement. To have a penis will mean that your body will be butchered for meat to nourish the bodies of those that do not. To have a penis will mean having it being cooked and savored as a choice delicacy by those that do not. The message that will come to women from this awareness will be overpowering - to have a penis means to be slaughtered, humiliated, and butchered for the sole purpose of providing meat and enjoyment of those that do not."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"The result will be a strong subconscious impression being ingrained women's minds - to have a penis means to be vastly inferior to those that do not. It will be the penis that will become the primary symbol of this inferiority. Women will look at their own body and feel pride in noting that it lacks a penis and therefore clearly separates them form those that do. They will feel good about themselves, and be profoundly grateful they were chosen to be born female. Women will find themselves being bonded together by an ever increasing feeling of kinship, and they will experience the mutual satisfaction and contentment that comes with the belief that the sex to which they were born is far superior to its male counterpart."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I ask you not to loose sight of the major reason for taking such extraordinary measurers to create the reactions I have described. It is in this manner that women will be able to look at meat on their table and not experience feelings of guilt and remorse. In fact, quite the opposite will be true. Instead of guilt or remorse they will find themselves feeling excitement in knowing the identity of what lay before them while being acutely aware of the manner in which it had been obtained."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"It will, of course, take time before we can start processing males anywhere near the magnitude that I have described. Even with a maximum effort, it is estimated to take at least three months before the first of the facilities can be constructed, and it will be almost a year before the last can be placed in operation. We can not, however, wait three months before we begin to take action. We will run out of food in a matter of weeks unless immediate steps are taken to supplement remaining supplies, and there is only one source available. It is also imperative that we start reducing the size of the male population as soon as possible even if it can not be done on a massive scale. The reduction of even a limited number will have the benefit of no longer having to feed those slain while, at the same time, enabling the bodies to be used in supplementing the remaining food supply until large facilities can be put into operation."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Before we can begin with anything, however, it will be necessary to inform the female population of all that will be taking place. It would be impossible to conceal such action, even on a limited scale, since they will know the source of the meat as soon as it starts being distributed. Women have been consuming flesh of the human male far to long for them not to immediately identify it for what it is. They will only have to glance at the rich texture for this to be quite obvious without it even being necessary to taste the remarkable flavor to which they have become so familiar. And, since there is no longer a war going on, it would be also be quite obvious that the only way the meat could have been obtained was for men to be slain solely for that purpose. We certainly can not afford to have women being blindsided by suddenly becoming aware that such drastic is action being taken. This is why they must be fully informed beforehand. When this is done however, it is vital that they are capable of openly accepting it from the start or it could undo everything we are trying to achieve. This will require them being in the proper frame of mind which, hopefully, will be caused by the televised campaign along with several features I have yet to discuss."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Time is of the essence.&nbsp; The broadcasts will begin tomorrow and last for only two weeks. Hopefully, it will result in women understanding and accepting natural desires and emotions as well as feeling increasing hostility and fear toward the male sex. It will be at the conclusion of the campaign that the crisis and the drastic course of action that is the only way for it to be avoided will be announced. We will start slaying men in temporary facilities immediately following this announcement."

"It might strike you that two weeks is an extremely short time to create all of the feelings within women that I have described. But, to the contrary, a short time frame is desired for achieving something of this magnitude. The most effective way to get women to accept and experience such a wide range of emotions is to create a fervor that takes hold and brings forth intense passions."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Fervor is not caused by lengthy discussions and explanations. It is something brought on by creating feelings that inflame without even being aware it is taking place. The campaign will be conducted in an intense and dramatic manner that is directed at creating the fervor and passions we desire. A fervor, however, is short lived unless there can be spectacular events taking place that will continue to hold the excitement of those caught up in it. It will be the method to be used in conducting the activity in temporary facilities that we hope will not only be successful in continuing to hold this fervor but actually cause it to increase in intensity."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"The activity in the temporary facilities, like those to come later, will be open to the public, and women will be strongly encouraged to attend. Televised broadcast will likewise be provided to enable being watched at home. I have already discussed both the necessity and advantages for conducting such activity openly and in a manner that creates intense excitement. At no time will this be more important than during the first few months. It will be during this crucial time that women's attitudes will be molded in a manner that will cause them to enthusiastically accept the enormity of what will be taking place later. The slaughtering of massive numbers of men for meat and hides is not something that can be eased into. It is imperative that we begin in the most bold and positive manner possible if we are going to be able to capture women's excitement and imagination. To do any less will be inviting failure."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"The manner in which activities in the temporary facilities will be conducted proved to be a great deal more difficult to plan than those to come later. The major advantage of the latter is that we had the freedom to first develop a desired procedure and then design facilities to accommodate it. But, for the immediate future, we will have to use existing buildings which greatly restrict what can be done. The only indoor structures capable of holding a sizable audience are sporting arenas. Using buildings such as these will prohibit men being killed in large groups due to limited floor space. For this reason, we will only be able to bring out a few at a time which makes it more difficult to capture the same type of atmosphere that will exist when large numbers are being killed in an exciting and dramatic manner."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Another advantage of being able to slay large numbers at a time is that it results in none being singled out as individuals. But bringing out only a few at a time runs the risk of them taking an identity instead of being lost in the anonymity of a large group. This creates the obvious danger that women might find themselves feeling sympathy toward some of the victims instead of regarding all with a uniform feeling of hostility and indifference. Another problem that faced us is the fact that watching men being killed for the sole purpose of obtaining hides and meat will, at first, be a totally new experience. Even though women will have been mentally prepared beforehand, it will take time for them to become accustomed to observing something as profound as this."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"These factors all served to make our task extremely difficult. It required extensive planning to develop an activity that will overcome the restrictions in a manner that will capture imagination while, at the same time, create immense pleasure, excitement, and amusement. I shudder to think of what could happen if we are mistaken. The emotional fervor that will have been created could be quickly lost if we miscalculate and do something that results in sympathy being felt for even a few of the victims. If this were to happen, it could escalate into feelings of compassion toward ever increasing numbers. The knowledge of the dire consequences to be faced if such action is not taken would leave women no choice but to accept what is being done, but they would find themselves experiencing the feelings of remorse and guilt that we are desperately striving to avoid. Many would reach the point to where the burden would become almost unbearable and they would carry the scars for the remainder of their lives. It is vital that we do everything in our power to prevent this from happening."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"It was essential to develop a method that can be conducted in existing facilities and, even with the limitations, still create immense excitement to the point of no male being looked upon as deserving sympathy. In so doing, it is important that the method by which the slayings are conducted be a great deal more innovative than something routine such as hanging or shooting at close range with a pistol. It is also desirable that an added emphasis be placed on humiliating and degrading not only the bodies but the sex organs in manner that women will find to be especially enjoyable, amusing and exciting."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"The psychiatrists on the Central Committee were put in charge of developing a plan that will meet the requirements. They are experts on human emotions and subconscious influences and, therefore, the best qualified to judge the most effective course of action to take. These dedicated women put forth a supreme effort and developed a method that I consider to be quite ingenious. First, as will be the case in the large facilities to be constructed later, men will be naked when they are killed. As I have stated, for them to die in this manner before women spectators not only forces being subjected to suffering the most ultimate of indignities, but it will also greatly enhance the enjoyment and excitement of a female audience."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"The same ruse of having them take a shower under the pretense of about to be given physicals will be used. In a like manner, towels will be provided for them to put around their waists afterward. After this, the procedure will change. Since the number at any one time will be small it will enable having sufficient security personnel present so that physical force can be used. The men&#8217;s hands will be bound behind their backs, and they will be forcefully led to a designated location on the arena floor where they will brought to a halt facing an equal number of women. Their feet will then be tied to prevent attempting to flee. As soon as this has been accomplished, the women facing them will step forward and yank off the towels. The men will stand naked for a short while to enable anticipation to build within the audience. They will then be slain in unison - each one by the hand of the woman standing before him."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"You will recall my stating that it will be necessary that the deaths be caused by an innovative method rather than something routine. It is crucial that it be in a manner that is dramatic and will excite and capture women's imagination while, at the same time, result in the men being humiliated and degraded to the fullest extent possible. The human body, like other animals, will undergo death throes and jerk in violent spasms if death has been instantaneous. If men can be killed in a manner to cause such a reaction it will force the exposed limp manhood to put on quite a humiliating performance that not only will be highly degrading for the male victims, but one that should create a great deal of amusement and excitement within the audience."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander paused a moment to allow the women seated before her to picture such a scene. She noticed many nodding in comprehending approval, and, with a feeling of relief, she continued. "One manner in which instant death can be caused is for the heart to be suddenly pierced. This could, of course, be accomplished with a pistol, but, as I stated, such a routine method is not something that would capture the imagination. Please recall my mentioning that each man will be killed by the hand of a woman standing opposite him."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"If this is done in a manner that requires physical strength and skill on the woman's part it would be looked upon as being far more personal than if she simply fired a gun. This would greatly enhance the overall effect in that it enables a woman to single-handedly achieve the ultimate of conquest over a member of the opposite sex. At the same time, however, the method must not be something that would be looked upon as being crude or resemble an act of vengeance. It needs to be a method that enables a woman to perform in a calm and self-assured manner. A manner in which, at all times, she maintains control."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Various options were considered but, in the end, there was only one weapon that fulfilled everything we wanted. This weapon is the bow and arrow. Modern bows make it possible for even a small woman to use one of immense power, and, if the points are made from razor sharp steel, the force would be sufficient to cause an arrow to not only pierce the heart but penetrate the entire chest. At close range, it requires only a few hours practice to learn to use it with extreme accuracy. With this weapon, all of the desired objectives can be achieved. Women can project an image of acting in a calm and self assured manner while performing a simple act that will have a devastating impact upon their male victims."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"The kills will be quick and clean, and instantaneous death will be achieved. The men will collapse and begin to jerk in violent spasms that will be highly degrading - especially for the sex organs that will rapidly flop and jounce in all directions. And, all of this caused by a simple act performed by women in a manner that utilized physical strength and skill in achieving a personal triumph over stronger members of the opposite sex."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"The method should be highly successful in creating the excitement and amusement within the audience that is desired. I have stated it being imperative that the activity capture women's imagination in a manner that will result in them being caught up in a wave of immense enthusiasm. Certainly, what I have described will have such an effect, but, by pure necessity, a key ingredient will be added that will serve as a spark to inflame women's emotions to the ultimate and unite them in enthusiastic support. I ask of you, what method in the past has proven to be highly effective in creating such reactions within a group that has been asked to champion a cause or ideal?" The Supreme Commander paused, glanced briefly at the women, and then answered her own question. "You do it by allowing the group to become personally involved and play an active role. In this manner, they become an actual part of what they are being asked to support and thereby be able to passionately identify with it."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"The activity I have described will not be performed by permanent staff assigned to this duty. Instead, it will be performed by members of the general population." The Supreme Commander again paused to allow those seated before her to grasp the significance of what she had just said. She then continued - placing emphasis on her words. "It is our intention that, during the next three months, every able-bodied woman will participate in this action until each and every one has personally taken the life of a human male."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A murmur ran through the audience and the women glanced at each other with questioning looks. The Supreme Commander acknowledged the reaction. "I see you have serious doubts that that everyday women will be able to bring themselves to stand before a man and take his life in cold-blood. I also, at first, had the same reaction but have since become convinced that such will not be the case. I stated it was only by necessity that brought this about. When the method to be used in the temporary facilities had been decided upon it was then required planning the logistics for carrying it out. The magnitude of this undertaking will require using every possible facility, large and small, that is available. And, it goes without saying that the limitations leave a lot to be desired in terms of efficiency."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"We are already stretched to the limit, and, almost immediately, it became obvious we would not be able to staff anywhere near the personnel needed to undertake such a massive operation. There was only one solution open. With the exception security personnel for controlling the men and a small permanent staff we will have to call upon women to volunteer while off-duty. And, it is only among the general population can numbers of sufficient magnitude can be found."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Most of those involved in the planning, myself included, found ourselves being in dismay at this predicament. But the psychiatrists on the committee became highly enthused. They are experts on human behavior, and they realized it would provide the highly desirable benefit of personal involvement of which I spoke. In so doing, they were confident that it would lead to everyday women not only finding themselves capable of performing this deed, but do it with excitement and enthusiasm."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"You might doubt this being possible, but I call upon you to bear in mind that, throughout history, women have shown themselves capable of taking human life when faced with strong motivation, and surely, this falls under that category. In addition, all of us are aware of the devotion to our cause that women hold, and being told that it is the duty of everyone to do their part should provide a powerful motivation."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"At the start, many will undoubtedly have misgivings, but the psychiatrists are confident that these will be quickly overcome when the moment for action arrives. I remind you of the resentment and hostility that women will be feeling toward men. The presence of an enthusiastic and supportive audience of peers will serve to generate feelings of confidence, and the women will find themselves being caught up in the atmosphere. The natural fascination that will come from looking at a naked man and knowing he has only moments to live will be greatly enhanced when a woman realizes that it will be by her hand that will transform him from a living being into that of a lifeless body laying passively at her feet. She will find herself experiencing exhilarating excitement and, when the event has long been concluded, will find herself looking back upon it with feelings of elation, pride, and immense satisfaction. Not only will she have achieved the most ultimate of conquest over a deserving member of the opposite sex, but she will feel that, in so doing, she has struck a blow for all of womankind for what they have been forced to endure at the hands of males for thousands upon thousands of years. Women that will have not yet participated will find themselves looking forward with eager anticipation toward the time when their turn will come."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"In order to enhance the fascination, excitement, and amusement of both the audience and the participants the proceedings will include additional features beyond those that I have so far described. As I stated, it will be everyday women of the general population that will be achieving the ultimate conquest over physically stronger members of the opposite sex and cause the bodies to humiliate themselves in a highly degrading manner before the amused eyes of fellow women. But, we will not be content to let it stop here. It is imperative that, at no time, should anything be done that could be looked upon as showing dignity or respect toward a fallen foe.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The woman that takes a man's life will then ridicule him in a manner that not only shows disdain for his lifeless naked body but will demonstrate the full impact of her conquest. One of the main emphases in this regard will be to taunt that of him which most visibly defines what he is &#8211; the sex organs. When this has been done, the woman will show her final and ultimate contempt by proceeding to skin and butcher the body she has just slain. This will serve as an important reminder that, with everything else aside, the kill was made for the necessary purpose of obtaining hides and meat.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"It is in this way that every able-bodied women in our society will publicly kill, humiliate, and butcher a man in a manner that will serve to spark not only their own excitement and imagination but also of the audience. Women in the stands will readily identify with those performing below, and will look upon what they see taking place in the terms of fellow, everyday, women achieving a triumphant victory for the female sex."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"In addition to what I have described, there is another feature to be taken that will not only greatly enhance the pride and excitement women receive, but will further reinforce them coming to look upon members of the male sex as being vastly inferior. I have stated that the first few months will be the most critical. There is far too much at stake for us to be hesitant about doing anything, regardless of how shocking it might at first appear, if it will help swing the balanced in our favor. This is especially true if we can do something that will have the effect of almost immediately causing women to begin looking upon men as being something other than a fellow human.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; In past times, when men killed game they considered worthy of boasting they would often have it made into a trophy to be put on display. Well, we are going to borrow a page from their book. The man that a woman slays and butchers with her own hand is going to become her personal trophy &#8211; and I mean this in every sense of the word. His head, pubic hair, and sex organs will be mounted on a plaque and given to her to serve as a vivid and permanent reminder of her dramatic victory."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander was interrupted by a startled reaction sweeping through the audience. She was gratified to note that it was not the extreme she had expected, and that it did not take long for it to subside as the logic that lay behind taking such a bizarre course of action was realized. The room was soon quiet and she continued. "I see you are already grasping the significance of what this will accomplish. When such trophies become a common sight in homes it will be almost impossible for women not to find themselves looking upon a human male in a totally different light from themselves. There is little doubt that the women to whom the trophies belong will experience a special pride when gazing at them and will find themselves reliving the day of their conquest with renewed intrigue and enthusiasm. Friends that will not yet have had their turn will gaze upon them and eagerly look forward to the day when they will be able to look upon their own."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I&#8217;m quite sure you understand the reasons to include the sex organs as part of the trophy. The first, of course, is the natural excitement and pleasure women will experience from being able to readily observe this part of the male body and the amusement they will feel from seeing it being openly displayed in such a manner. In addition, it will create a strange and satisfying aura to gaze into the face of a man's mounted head and then glance down and see every intimate detail of that which had defined the very essence of his manhood being revealed. Of almost equal importance will be that, in all probably, nothing we could do will have a more positive effect in dispelling any lingering myth of regarding this part of the male body as a symbol of dominance. Women will find it extremely difficult indeed to look at something that hangs on open display in their homes and consider it to be anything other that the exact opposite of dominance. I have discussed how, in time, women will come to look upon the human penis as a symbol of being inferior. There will be many factors that will contribute in creating such an attitude, but this will undoubtedly play a primary role."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander paused and looked around the room before continuing. "Ladies, I would like to thank you for your patience and indulgence during my efforts to explain such a profound and startling course of action. I hope I have been successful in enabling you to understand the reasons for going to such extraordinary extremes. Before any action of this nature can be carried out, however, it has to receive your official approval. I have described in general the methods that have been proposed, but there are still many details to be worked out and refinements made. In this light, it is desirable for those planning the activities to have the authority to use a wide range of discretion. For this reason, instead of approving specific details, I ask that you authorize it being acceptable for males to be slain in public and that no restrictions be placed on the treatment given to the bodies afterward."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"The only condition I ask being imposed is that death must always be quick and that men must never be subjected to any form of mistreatment. To do less would be inviting failure in what we are trying to achieve. It is a woman's basic nature to be caring and compassionate, and, in spite of the all that is going to be undertaken, these noble traits will remain unchanged. We have no desire for it to be any other way. Women being able to experience the excitement I have described from seeing men being slain in massive number for the purpose of fulfilling a desperate and vital need is one thing, but they would surely rebel at watching needless suffering - regardless of the circumstances. In our being women, I'm fully aware you understand what I mean."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Ladies, this concludes my discussion on methods to be used and limitations to be imposed. I now place it before you and open the floor for debate." Once again, those in the assembly realized that debate would serve no purpose and sat in silence to acknowledge this fact. When the vote was taken the recommendations received the same unanimous approval as had all the issues that preceded it. With this simple act, it became official and needed only making the necessary preparations for it to be implemented. The die that would bring forth a chain of events that would forever dramatically change to course of history had been cast.


 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;









THE FUTURE
By C

PART II
CHAPTER 19 


 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander again called a brief recess, but this time the atmosphere was remarkably different than previously when the members of the assembly sat numbly in their seats or wandered around in aimlessly despair. This time, they stood in groups and discussed various aspects of what their approval meant would actually be taking place. There were even occasional ripples of laughter as some of the amusing aspects of events to come were mentioned. It would have been incorrect, however, to say all tension had been relieved. Much of the humor was brought on by the natural human reaction of trying to relieve despair by attempting to make light of things. But, all the same, the women were remarkably composed for individuals that had not only approved slaughtering the entire male population but for it to be done in a manner so astounding that it staggered the imagination.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A great deal of the composure could be attributed to the manner in which the Supreme Commander had conducted the proceedings. She had remained calm and business-like as though discussing nothing more than routine matters. Her tone had had such a calming effect that those present would look back later and marvel at the way they had listened to their leader calmly describe methods in which naked men would be publicly killed, humiliated, and butchered. Even when she had discussed male sex organs her businesslike composure had remained unchanged. It had all been done in such a convincing and spellbinding manner that many of the women found themselves picturing activities being described to the extent they subconsciously begun to tingle with anticipation and excitement. She had been so convincing that none present had any hint of the deep anguish that remained beneath the calm and self-assured manner.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When the assembly reconvened, the Supreme Commander continued in the same businesslike tone as before and gave no indication of inner turmoil still raging within. Silence once again prevailed as she began to speak. "Ladies, you will recall my stating that the first phase of the activities is scheduled to begin in slightly more than two weeks. Since men are going to be taken for the purpose of being used for food we will refer to them as being "harvested" rather than "killed" or "slain". Not only is this term less harsh, but it will help emphasize the legitimate need for such action being taken. Needless to say, we can not send out notices requesting women to come and watch men being publicly "harvested" for food. We will introduce the female population to what is about to take place by first conducting a demonstration harvest to dramatically reveal what must be done. This event will be televised live throughout the world so that it can be viewed simultaneously by women everywhere. It will be promoted in such a dynamic manner that the entire female population will almost assuredly be watching."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"The event will begin with me making a statement that discloses the desperate crises and the catastrophe that will overwhelm the world if drastic action is not taken immediately. In addition, I will strive to inflame emotions and urge women to heed all they had learned from the televised campaign. At the conclusion of these remarks we will proceed with conducting the demonstration in which we, the members of this assembly, will be the women using the bows and arrows."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A combined gasp swept through the audience, and the members looked at each other with expressions of disbelief and dismay. The Supreme Commander paused only long enough for the noise to subside sufficiently for her to be heard before continuing. She knew that she was at a critical point and that it was important to maintain the positive atmosphere that had been achieved. "I realize this comes as a shock, but it is imperative for each of us be seen as active and willing participants. The suddenness which this drastic course of action is going to be revealed requires doing everything within our power to assist it being accepted. There is little doubt that women will be far more receptive if they see that we, their chosen leaders, are performing the acts. There is nothing we can do that will more clearly and dramatically show our full and total support."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander&#8217;s remarks struck home, and the looks of apprehension changed into those of reluctant understanding. Silence once again prevailed, and the women listened intently as their leader continued. "The first life will be taken by my hand. I will then proceed to humiliate, skin, and butcher the body in a manner that has been carefully planned to hopefully create a desired effect. This will allow me - in the role of Supreme Commander - to clearly demonstrate my personal support for such action being necessary. When I have finished, I will make a few more remarks and then you will commence to perform in groups of five at a time."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"It is crucial, from the outset, that women fully realize the full magnitude of what will be required &#8211; annihilation of the entire male population. For this reason, the males to be "harvested" in this first event will consist entirely of young men in their early twenties that will be chosen for being innocent of any wrongdoing. I realize this will make it far more difficult for us, but it can not be avoided. Not only will this serve to dramatically emphasize just how desperate the impending crisis must be if it requires young men such as this being slain, but it will further serve to emphasize the true depth of our support by making what we will be doing as personally difficult as possible. We will, of course, need to be trained in archery, and arrangements have been made for each of us to receive adequate instruction."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The news that the victims were going to be innocent young men had been an agonizing disclosure, but the reasons given for it being necessary had been made clear and, in any case, the Supreme Commander did not pause long enough to allow it to be unduly dwelled upon. "Ladies, now that you are aware of the manner in which women will learn what is going to be done, I would like to return to the order of business I earlier postponed bringing before you. I speak of the method for executing the war criminals that you have voted to be put to death. When I reveal the details of this method I think you will see why it was necessary to delay this matter until after voting on the profound issues that have now been officially adopted."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I have described how the upcoming televised campaign will play a key role in mentally and emotionally preparing women for what lays ahead. It is doubtful, however, that any amount of preparation done solely by this means would prepare them to openly accept being suddenly confronted with the sight young men being slain and butchered. If this is to be accomplished, it will require them already experiencing feelings of wild enthusiasm when the demonstration harvest" takes place. The method that has been proposed for creating this enthusiasm is to simultaneously conduct a series of events the day before. These events will not disclose what will be done the next day, but they will be of such bizarre nature they will thrill and numb women's senses to the extent of not being overly surprised at anything that might follow. The emotions that will be generated will be of such magnitude that women will later find themselves not only capable of accepting being suddenly confronted with the sight of innocent, young men being brought forth to be killed and butchered, but that the excitement that had been previously generated will continue and, hopefully, even grow in intensity."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I suspect many of you have guessed that the bizarre events to which I refer will be the manner in which the upcoming executions will be carried out. This is indeed the case. It is our extreme good fortune that the men in question are individuals that each and every woman has just cause to despise with intense passion. During the next two weeks we will strive to inflame this hatred to a degree that women will find themselves loathing these men to the point of being capable of openly enjoying any type of punishment they receive - regardless of how shocking or bizarre it might be."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The executions will be conducted in public and will take place in outdoor stadiums capable of accommodating large audiences. In addition, they will be televised live so that women unable to attend will be able to watch. These events, in the same way that will be used for the demonstration harvesting" that will be conducted the next day, will be promoted in a dynamic manner that will arouse immense curiosity to the extent of assuring an intense desire to watch. It will be these executions that will introduce women to seeing men being killed in public. But, as I have stated, these will be men which they will hold immense hatred. It will be of such a degree that they should readily accept whatever form of punishment being given - regardless of how sudden it might be thrust upon them or how shocking or bizarre it might be. I can assure you that I have not used the term "bizarre" in an off-handed manner. If predictions prove to be correct, however, it will create enthusiasm of such magnitude that unbounded excitement will carry over, unabated, into the following day. In addition, as I have stated, it will so shocking and unexpected that women will find themselves not being unduly surprised by anything witnessed the following day."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander proceeded to describe the details of the "bizarre" method that had been developed for carrying out the executions. At first, even after her advance warning and the enormity of what had already been discussed, many within the audience were shocked and found it hard to comprehend such action being conducted by a civilized society. It was only when the reasons were explained that they began to nod in understanding. When the Supreme Commander reached the conclusion of her description, most of the women were smiling and their eyes sparkled with excitement and anticipation. The proposed method for carrying out the executions was placed on the floor, and when a motion was made for it to be accepted by acclamation it was met with such a resounding cheer that little doubt was left that all were in full agreement.

&nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander waited for the room to once again become quite and casually glanced at her notes as though nothing but a routine matter had been disposed of. Her tone displayed the same casualness as she continued. "The next issue on the agenda does not require your official sanction, but you need to be aware of everything that will be taking place. There is a major obstacle to overcome if we are going to be successful, and that is to find a way to continue keeping men in confinement without them becoming impatient to the point of causing discontent and, in time, open rebellion."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I have already stated that troublemakers and those considered dangerous will be taken first. The next will be men showing an ability to become leaders or organizers. In addition, we will closely monitor activities to enable eliminating any showing signs of becoming restless. The next order of priority will be to take men that are the oldest since, in general, they are the ones more likely to become suspicious of something being amiss at the length of the continued confinement."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"The procedure of first eliminating those that pose the most danger will go a long way in helping to maintain control, but this in itself would not prevent discontent from developing during the extended time that will be required. It will be necessary for us to do something that will keep men satisfied in such a way that the vast majority will actually find themselves having no strong desire to be released. I am sure you are curious as to how such a universal mood among them can be achieved. I think all of us are aware of what desire is first and foremost in men's minds. It is this desire that will create the greatest unrest if it continues to go unfulfilled, but it will also make it possible for them to willingly remain confined if a means is provided for it to be satisfied - and that is exactly what we intend to do. I am speaking of the pleasures that only a woman's body can provide.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Plans are already underway to construct small rooms within the compounds that will facilitate this undertaking. It will, of course, require the willing cooperation of the women within our society for this to become reality. Here again, it will be important for the members of this assembly to set and example, and, in so doing, we must not only take an active part in this endeavor but give every appearance of being anxious to do so."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A surprised mummer once again passed through the room. The Supreme Commander paused and looked around while displaying a mischievous smile. Her voice took on a tone of lighthearted merriment when she resumed speaking. "There is no reason why we should not find this to be both enjoyable and exciting. You recall of my stating that one of our primary goals will be to encourage women to understand and respond to their feminine sexuality. At the time, you might have wondered the purpose for placing such emphasis on this subject. One of the reasons, I'm sure, became obvious when you realized that it will result in women finding themselves experiencing sexual excitement when witnessing the upcoming events and, thereby, greatly enhance the pleasure and enjoyment of other emotions that will also be created. The importance of this can not be denied, but there is a far more critical issue that makes it imperative for women to strongly desire pursuing fulfillment of sexual pleasure."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"There can be no escaping the cold reality that the only way we will be able to successfully hold a massive number of men in captivity for the length of time needed is to provide them with the one thing they desire most. We do not, however, want women in the general population to realize that this is the primary motive for taking such a course of action. It would be difficult for them to come to look upon men as being vastly inferior if, at the same time, they were told it was necessary for them to make themselves sexually available because we would be unable to control men otherwise. It is imperative that women look upon this activity only in terms of the pleasure it provides for them."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"It will be widely publicized that, while the opportunity exists, a means will be made available to give women the opportunity to discover the sexual excitement that a male body can provide. This will be one of the few times we will not be telling the full truth, but, at the same time, we will not be telling a falsehood either. If women openly accept inner desires and take advantage of this opportunity they will indeed experience excitement and pleasure. The benefits, both physical and emotional, that I have discussed in regard to understanding, accepting, and perusing sexual desires are very, very, real."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"You might doubt that any amount of preparation could cause women to boldly go into compounds for the sole purpose of having intercourse with an unknown man. Please bear in mind that the majority of the women in our society have never had a sexual encounter and have little or no understanding of sexual desires. The upcoming televised campaign will remedy this, and when they gain an awareness of their sexuality it will be only normal for them to be curious as to what such an experience would be like. This will become even greater when they hear it stressed that there will be a limited amount of time to find out before the opportunity will no longer exist. If any reluctance remains, it should be overcome when women are told that they will be able to do whatever they desire with a male who will be restrained and completely helpless the entire time." &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Men will, of course, be getting a great deal of excitement and pleasure, but they will be unable to make this readily apparent - either through physical or vocal means. They will be gagged, blindfolded, and tied spread-eagled to a bed before a woman enters the room and will remain so until after she has left. As a result, she will be in control at all times and have the freedom to do as much touching and exploring as desired. Since she will be on top during intercourse she will control all movement in whatever manner she finds to be the most enjoyable. If women openly accept their sexual feelings to the extent we expect there will be little doubt they will find the experience to be both fascinating and exciting."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"There is another factor of an entirely different nature that should also result in women finding themselves being eager to precipitate. This will be the part of the televised campaign that will inform them of the selfish and arrogant manner in which men have used women throughout history. I think this knowledge will result in women finding themselves highly intrigued at the opportunity to turn the tables in which they, as a woman, will be using men for a change."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I have explained why we think women will eagerly respond to this opportunity, but you are probably wondering how we will get men to willingly accept the highly restrictive conditions they will be subjected to. I seriously doubt this will prove to be a problem. They will be told that difficulties being encountered in trying to establish an orderly system require it being necessary to continue their "temporary" confinement for a while longer. We will also tell them that we understand male needs and that many women had volunteered to try and make the continued stay as pleasant as possible. The male ego is such that most will smugly dismiss this explanation and arrogantly consider the true reason to be that of women unable to contain their desire for a male body."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"The strict conditions will be explained as being necessary to overcome the natural embarrassment and shyness that women will feel from being sexually intimate with a man they do not know. The explanation should be accepted on face value since such would certainly be true for women of past times and, to some extent, will still be the case. If men could have a choice they would undoubtedly choose to play the dominant role, but, at the same time, I think it will be few indeed that will not find themselves being intrigued at the thought of being blindfolded, gagged and tied to a bed while an unseen woman openly fondles and explores every intimate detail and then engages in intercourse. I will be greatly surprised if we find many that will not be eager volunteers."

&nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;This last remark brought a ripple of laughter, and the lighthearted reaction caused the Supreme Commander to feel a sense of relief on their behalf. She waited for it to subside and then continued. "I am sure that all of us are aware that, throughout the ages, men have looked upon themselves as being the dominant sex and, in so doing, have regarded women's bodies as being made to be yielding and submissive to that of the male. They have considered this viewpoint to be undeniable proof that they were intended to be superior, and, unfortunately, many women in the past have allowed themselves to be influenced by this belief. But this outlook is fallacy, and we will strive for women to look upon it in an entirely different light."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I ask you, in regard to sexual differences between male and female whose body truly proves to be superior? Is it not the female that consumes that of the male in its entirety, milks it of its substance, and, in so doing, reduces it into becoming the one that is yielding and submissive? And, with this achieved, which body showed itself to be dominant? Which is the one that made the conquest? Is it the one reduced to passive submission, unable to continue, or is the one that not only caused the submission but remains capable of consuming others in a like manner and render them the same &#8211; one after another? The answer, I think, is obvious, and women will come to know it as such. This outlook will serve to reinforce women indeed reaching a point where they will regard males as truly being inferior whose bodies can not only be used to provide extremely delicious meat but also, to provide exciting physical pleasure as well."
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander took a sip of water and glanced at the faces before her. Many continued to wear amused looks which, on some, were mixed with expressions that she had not seen previously &#8211; looks of unmistakable pride. It was a marked contrast from the expressions of despair that had been present only a short while before. She again experienced a feeling of relief at noting the positive signs of recovery. It had taken a extreme effort to project an image she felt would help relieve the anguish that had been caused. It was obvious she had been remarkable successful in this effort even though it had done nothing to relieve her own inner turmoil which remained unchanged. But, she knew she could not falter and must continued projecting a calm, businesslike, image. In so doing, she again consulted her notes in what appeared to be a casual manner before resuming. "The next item on the agenda deals with a matter that I am quite sure has crossed your minds. It is certainly something of critical importance, and I thank you for the indulgence you have shown in not interrupting and raising the issue. I refer to the subject of propagation."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"You have no doubt wondered how this will be done with the entire male population being annihilated in less than three years. On the surface, it would appear this undertaking will lead to the human race becoming extinct. Such would indeed be the case in we simply stood by and did nothing. But, what is option? We could, of course, use the upcoming sexual activities to also serve for reproduction purposes, but due to the extreme physical demands that will be required of the female population to construct and operate numerous processing and cold storage facilities in addition to the mammoth task of rebuilding the massive devastation we can ill afford to have women becoming pregnant. If fact, We are going to require strict birth control measures being used to prevent impregnation from occurring."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"The subject of propagation was given a great deal of thought, and a plan has been developed that will ensure the human race will not only continue to survive but will be able to significantly increase during our lifetime. It is extremely fortunate that the vast majority of the female population is comprised of young women that have many child bearing years ahead. It is also fortunate that, unlike ourselves, it is not necessary for males to be alive for reproduction to take place. All that is required of them is their semen which, when frozen, remains potent for an indefinite period of time. It therefore will only require collecting a sufficient quantity of semen while abundant numbers of males remain and store it in sperm banks for later use. We will, of course, take advantage of the opportunity to extract their semen after being slain, but this will provide only a small portion of the amount needed for what has been planned. The majority to be collected will be taken while men are still alive. We can not do this openly, however, since it would surely arouse curiosity if they became aware that we were collecting large quantities of their semen."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"A plan has been developed that will enable collecting as much semen as desired and, at the same time, keep men unaware of it having happened. It will be the implementation of the sexual encounters that will provide the opportunity. When these start taking place, men will be in such a heightened state of excitement that there will certainly be many times when women engrossed in foreplay will cause an ejaculation. These occurrences will be looked upon by men for what they will truly be - something that just happens. Some of these occasions, however, will be the result of a carefully planed operation. It will be carried out by trained teams consisting of three women each. Two will enter a room after a man has been tied to a bed, and, since he will be blindfolded, he will be unaware of more than one woman being present."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"One of the women will fondle and engage in foreplay in a manner that increases in intensity as though being carried away in excitement from playing with his erection. This will continue until an ejaculation occurs which she will catch in a sterile container while the other woman simultaneously squirts a warm liquid of thick consistency on his abdomen. The timing will not be difficult since testicles draw up just prior to organism and, thereby, give clear indication of an ejaculation being imminent. The man will have no reason to suspect the wetness on him is not the real thing, and this impression will be reinforced when the woman that conducted the foreplay begins to moan as though the sight has made her loose all control. The impression will be reinforced when she starts hungrily sucking out semen that remains in the penis and then laps up the substitute liquid from his abdomen. This will, of course, serve to excite the man to even greater heights, but the true purpose will be to remove all evidenced of a switch being made. The women will then silently depart to repeat the procedure elsewhere."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"We certainly can't afford to have the man wondering why a woman in such an aroused state would suddenly leave at this point, and, to prevent this from happening, the third woman of the team will enter as the others leave and begin fondling&nbsp; in a manner that gives an impression of being desperate for him to once again become erect. If this proves to be successful, she will proceed with intercourse, and he will have no reason to suspect not being with the same woman the entire time. He will, in all likelihood, be smugly convinced that the sight of his aroused manhood had succeeded in driving her up a wall."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Occurrences similar to what I have described will surely be taking place on their own accord, but it should be pointed out that the women in the teams will be trained in techniques of how excite and sexually arouse men to the fullest extent possible in order to produce a maximum ejaculation. But, as an added benefit, men will find they will have had an exhilarating experience which will stand out from others, and they will find themselves longing for something of similar magnitude to be repeated. This desire will be fulfilled for many since we plan to periodically milk each of them for as long as they remain alive."

  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"The procedure will enable extracting huge quantities of semen without the donors having any suspicion of it ever having occurred. We intend to collect far more than what is projected to be needed since it will be impossible to replenish the supply once the only source of production has been totally annihilated. The amount to be stored will be of such magnitude that only a small portion will be used by the present female population with most being saved for women of the next generation - women who will not even have been conceived until after all males throughout the world have met their fate."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I mention the next generation of women because it will be they who will start producing a new male population. As I have stated, it is not necessary for men to be alive in order for reproduction to take place as long as semen is available. This, of course, is not the case for women. Giving birth requires a living female body, and we are all aware of the pitifully small size of our present number. The most immediate need that faces us is to greatly increase the size of the female population. The magnitude of this task will place a tremendous burden upon the women in our present society to the extent that it would be cruel to ask any more of them. The creation of a new male population will simply have to wait."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"You might be wondering how a population comprised solely of females can be produced. In past times, determination of sex was left to chance, but this is no longer the case. A laboratory technique discovered shortly before the war makes it possible to separate male and female producing sperm. This technique will enable insuring that only female infants will be born until it is desired to once again start producing males. Until this time comes there will be no males in the entire world - only their frozen semen will remain."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Ladies, this brings me to a point where I can share some hopeful news with you for a change. There is an excellent possibility that the world will reap a tremendous benefit from delaying reestablishment of a male population. I am not exaggerating in stating that if this benefit becomes reality it will bring forth the most profound change the world has ever known. It is of such magnitude that it might even be said to justify all that will be done. I call your attention to the failed attempt to find a possible genetic defect that could be the cause for male behavior which leads to senseless violence and war. You will recall my mentioning that the women conducting the research considered this failure due to the newness of genetic studies and insufficient time available to gain the knowledge and skills needed to solve this highly complex scientific puzzle. These women have stated, on numerous occasions, that if they could only be given adequate time they were confident of being successful in unraveling this baffling mystery."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"We can now give them the time they need. What at one time had, at best, been nothing more than a remote chance of discovering something that would forever benefit all humanity can now be said to be a distinct possibility. They will now be given the time to continue research without being faced with an unrealistic deadline. It will be over two decades before we begin producing a new male population. Surely, during this length of time we should be able to unravel and understand the mysteries of genetic science and find the elusive answer for which we search. Once this is done it should then be possible to find the means to correct the defect so that it will never exist again. If this can be accomplished it will be almost as if a new breed of male has been created. A breed of male that will never desire violence or war."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Surely, the slaying of over two billion men is of such magnitude that it would be difficult to find ourselves looking upon it as being a blessing in disguise. But, if ever a cause could exist in which such a massive sacrifice of human life could one day prove have truly been of great benefit it is the prospect of a world that will forevermore know only lasting peace and prosperity. I would like to leave you with this thought."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Before closing these proceedings, however, There is one final matter that I consider to be of utmost importance. This matter is in regard to ourselves - the members of this assembly. I have already mentioned the need for it being necessary that, as leaders, we take an active part in all that will be taking place. Not only will this provide an effective means to demonstrate our full support, but it will enable us to set an example for others to follow. But, of equal importance, we must do more than merely take part - we must do so in a manner that displays enthusiasm and excitement going far beyond what could be pretended. In other words, this enthusiasm and excitement must be genuine. You will recall my stating there is no reason why our visits to compounds to engage in sexual activity should not prove to be highly enjoyable. I can assure you this statement was not made in jest. The fact that each of us is a high level leader should never cause us to lose sight of the fact that we are also women and, as such, our bodies contain the same emotions, needs, and desires as any other. If any of us should look upon our esteemed position as putting us above those we serve we would be violating the very trust that they have placed in us. This is something we must never do. We must, at all times, be fully aware that we are - first and foremost - a woman."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"The message of the upcoming televised campaign will be as true for us as it is for any other - as well the benefits to be derived. We must readily acknowledge that we are no different from other women and, in so doing, allow ourselves to experience all of the emotions I have discussed. We must even strive to find ourselves experiencing fascination, excitement, and yes, even amusement while watching naked men being killed, their sex organs humiliated, and their bodies butchered."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I know you are harboring serious doubt that you could ever reach a point to where you find yourself being excited by the sight of innocent men, naked or not, being put to death - to say nothing of being able to laugh in genuine merriment. At first, I had the same doubt, but the experts in this field have made a strong argument that this can indeed be the case. They have stated that our reactions should be no different from other woman if we are willing to let go and allow natural feelings and emotions to surface. We have no choice but to accept their advice and strive to cast out all doubt."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"We certainly can not ask women to believe something unless we are willing to believe it ourselves. As I have said, is imperative for us openly display these emotions to an extent that they could never be convincingly pretended - they must be real and come from within. Even if it was not necessary for us to set an example, it would be beneficial to allow such feelings to come through. In this regard, I would like to remind you of the numerous benefits I have stated being possible to achieve. These benefits are very, very, real, and their importance can not be understated. We, in this assembly, stand to gain as much from them as anyone. I have mentioned the possible therapeutic value that women can gain from finding themselves being so caught up in excitement that it provides much needed relief from strenuous demands being placed on them. Surely, we in this room for which demands will be greatest stand to gain a tremendous benefit even if it offers nothing more than a brief reprieve."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Ladies, this concludes the business at hand. I know it has been a long, exhausting, and traumatic day, and I offer you my deepest respect for the profound courage you have displayed in making what, without a doubt, has to be the most painful and difficult decisions that could possibly be contemplated. You have acted with your heart and have let wisdom and dedication to duty dictate your actions at a cost of extreme distress. Truly, each of you has proven yourself to be a great leader, and I can only marvel at the wisdom that the women of your respective nations have shown in selecting individuals such as you. Once again, I would like to state that I consider it to be a great honor and privilege to serve with women such as yourselves. I can only pray that it is within my ability to live up to the faith and trust you have so graciously placed in me."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander paused and then struck the podium with her gavel. "Ladies, this assembly stands adjourned." She then turned and left the stage as the walls of the room reverberated from the defending sound of a standing ovation. The applause continued unabated with everyone present being determined to show the full extent of the profound respect they felt for this remarkable woman. They could only marvel at the tremendous strength and wisdom she had so clearly shown. They had no knowledge that the one to which they were paying this tribute had hurriedly entered a small room, flung herself face down on a sofa, and, at that very moment, was sobbing in almost unbearable sadness and agony. The assembly room had been long vacant before the intensity of this despair finally started to subside.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;









THE FUTURE
By C

PART II
CHAPTER 20

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The hands on the clock beside the Supreme Commander's bed moved past midnight. Most of those within the city were asleep and unaware that the most eventful day in history had taken place - those of the female population as to the profound events they would soon see unfold, and the male as to the fate that had been sealed for what now awaited them. But, to the Supreme Commander, sleep would not come. For a second night she lay in the seclusion of her bedroom and gazed unseeingly at the ceiling. The previous night's restlessness had been caused by worries that overshadowed the great sadness she had felt. At that time, she had been concerned that she would lack the ability to meet the tremendous challenge that would be required in the Summit meeting. The thought of the consequences that failure would bring had filled her with apprehension going beyond any she had ever known. Her fears had proven groundless. She had concealed her inner pain and used her extraordinary skill and courage to the utmost and, in so doing, had achieved an outstanding success far surpassing anything she imagined would be possible. She had anticipated a session full of turmoil and demands to find compromise solutions. Instead, every proposal had not only been adopted with little of no discussion, but each received unanimous approval.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The remarkable achievement could only be viewed as a ringing testament not only to her outstanding abilities as a leader but also for the enormous respect with which she was regarded by her peers. Yet, she felt no pride and did not view her achievement as being a victory even though she sincerely believed it was the only possible action that could be taken. She was, of course, greatly relieved that success had been achieved, but this did not overcome the continued sadness and pain she felt within. It was this which was responsible for keeping her awake for a second night.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander's grief was caused by thinking of the enormous sacrifice in human life that lay ahead. At the Summit, she had made it a point to stress that the lives would be lost regardless of what might or might not be done, and the proposed action would at least spare the victims suffering agony, hardship, and pain. She knew this to be true, but it did not ease the turmoil she felt. She had no remorse for the men condemned to death whose atrocities against humanity made them deserving of the fate. It was difficult, but she even found herself being able to accept as being unavoidable that older men be sacrificed even though most had done nothing but follow orders. Being older - for some reason - somehow seemed to make a difference.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Not for the first time she found herself silently saying - "If only it could stop there". But it could not, and it was the fate that awaited the millions upon millions of young men and that was the primary reason for her deep sadness. It mattered little that every effort on their behalf had been made and that they would be spared for as long as possible. Regardless of the circumstances, she could only look upon it as an immense tragedy, and it was for these young lives she felt profound sadness. The vast majority was innocent of any wrongdoing and deserved to have everything to live for &#8211; but, in three years they would be dead.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; She had tried every means in the planning secessions with the Central Committee to find some way for at least the youngest to be spared, but she had failed. The cold statistics had always remained the same - they also must die. Not only had she failed in her efforts to find some means to save them, but - in the end - it had been she that stood before the assembly and called for these innocent young men to be included with the rest - to be killed and butchered as though they were nothing but livestock. But, they were not livestock. The last would be youths no older than eighteen, whom at the present were only fifteen. They numbered in the millions, and the extensive studies made to determine the full extent of what would be needed for the female population to survive left little doubt that each and every one of these youths must also be slain.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A deep sob erupted from her throat, and tears welled within her eyes. She immediately shook her head to rid it of the misty images of innocent young faces that had appeared. She realized she was on the verge of loosing control as she had done immediately following the Summit. She knew that if she allowed the sorrow and grief to continue to this extent it would consume her to the point of no longer being able to function. This could not be allowed to happen. There was little doubt that the monumental success she had just achieved was due to her ability to maintain composure and self-control. She felt sure that if those present had been aware of her inner turmoil the outcome would have been entirely different.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; But, it was far from over, and it was imperative that she remain strong. She knew it would be impossible to put an end to her sadness - it had been a constant companion from the start - but she could not let it get the best of her. Much had been achieved, but the most crucial time of all still lay ahead. Everything depended upon how the members of the female population would react when suddenly confronted with the reality of what was going to be done. Women, throughout the world, would be looking toward her for strength, wisdom, and guidance. If they were to see her falter it would be inviting total and catastrophic failure.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander's thoughts turned to what lay ahead and a cold chill passed trough her. It was not the thought of long hours of work, and the heavy demands required to perform endless duties that caused this reaction. She had lived under such pressure and been forced to carry a tremendous burden for so long she could scarcely remember it being any other way. Even the fact that the massive preparations which must be made over the next two weeks would make these demands even heavier did not bother her. There was far too much at stake, and she knew she would find the strength to fulfill her duties - regardless of the physical demands and mental strain. It was the thought of the day that the female population around the world would learn of the impending crisis and what would be required that was responsible for the foreboding reaction.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The task of informing the women of the general population of what lay ahead would be difficult and painful but even this was not the cause of her distress. In reality, much of it would be nothing more than a repeat performance of what she had just accomplished, and she knew it was within her to meet this challenge. But, there would be more to come - much more. This would be the day when the solution to the crisis would be dramatically demonstrated by herself and the other leaders. This would be the day when she would stand before an innocent young man and slay him with her own hand. And, if that were not enough, she would then proceed to humiliate and ridicule his nakedness and then butcher his body while practically every woman throughout the world would be watching. It was the thought of performing these horrific deeds that caused the cold chill.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Most of the Supreme Commander's thoughts during the past few days had been taken up by the heavy demands of chairing the Central Committee and guiding the distraught members into coming to grips with the depths of the crisis they faced, the cold reality of what must be done to solve it, and then in developing the details of the complex plan to deal with it. Afterward, her primary concerns had centered on what would be required to convincingly describe the magnitude of the crisis to what would surely be a shocked and stunned assembly of women and convince them to accept and approve the desperate course of action.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She had, of course, been troubled by the thought of taking a human life, but the enormity of the demands being placed on her had left little opportunity for it to be dwelled upon. At the time, she had looked upon it as being but one more painful and difficult obstacle to overcome. In fact, her primary concern had been in feeling sympathy for her colleagues who would be required to perform with her on this crucial day. It was she that would call upon them to take an active part and, in so doing, be forced to suffer the pain and trauma that such action would surely bring.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;As their leader, she felt it her duty to demand more of herself that than she would ask of them - such had always been her way. To accomplish this, she had decided upon a way that would make her part far more difficult than for the others. Like them, she would stand before a young man and take his life, but, for her, he would be one that she would personally chose from the group as being the least deserving to die. And, unlike those for the others, he would not be a stranger. He would be someone that she would have become acquainted, and, in all likelihood, someone for whom she would be feeling deep compassion.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The young men destined for the first "harvesting" had already been selected and brought to a compound in the city. Each had been carefully chosen as possessing the highest character that could be found. The Supreme Commander had already screened the reports and selected ten that she considered to have the most outstanding traits. In the morning, she would go to the compound and interview these ten and get to know each one. Afterward, she would choose the one she admired the most and felt least deserved to die. This would be the one she would stand before and kill in cold-blood as women throughout the world watched. It would be in this manner that she would make her task the far more difficult.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She had not told the members of the assembly of her intentions for she knew that many would insist on doing the same. Such were the kind of women they were, and she had no intention of making their ordeal any more painful than it would already be. She was doing this solely to satisfy the inner demands she placed upon of herself &#8211; not to impress or influence others. It was something she would have difficulty explaining - even to herself. All she knew was that it was something she was convinced she must do.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She would not be alone in taking a life that day. Every woman that had sat before her would follow and do the same. She knew these women and was well aware that the undertaking would be extremely painful and difficult for each and every one. But, she also knew the depth of their dedication in putting the welfare of those they served above themselves. They would not fail - of this she was confident. She felt a great compassion for these women and for what she was asking of them. And, it was for this reason that she felt an obligation to insure her role being the most difficult. It did not matter that others would never know. She would know and, to her, that was all that mattered.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The intense pressure on the Supreme Commander had been so great that she had given little thought toward what effect the added pressure would have upon her ability to perform. She had made her decision in an almost analytical manner where her thoughts were directed primarily at finding a way to fulfill an obligation she considered to be her duty. Even the act of reading the reports on all of the young men and selecting the ten she would interview had had an abstract quality about it. Now, in the stillness of her bedroom, with the successful outcome of the Summit no longer being an issue, the Supreme Commander found herself being able to reflect solely on what lay ahead.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The cold reality of what she was about to undertake flooded over her, and for the first time, she began to have doubts. She was going to stand before a young man that would be bound and helpless and take his life. Two weeks ago, she would have thought it ludicrous to even suggest being capable of performing such a deed. It would, by far, be he most, painful and traumatic ordeal she had ever attempted, but she knew it was something she had no choice but to carry out. There was far too much at stake to do otherwise.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;For the same reason, she would force herself to openly ridicule the sex organs of her slain victim regardless of the profound embarrassment it would surely cause. She would also have to butcher his body but this, at least, was something that would not be a totally new experience. Like all women of her time, she had cut-up male bodies for food, but it was something she had not done for a long time and then only a small number. The heavy demands of leadership had soon forced her to allow others to obtain food on her behalf. But, what she would now have to do would be far different from her limited experiences where the bodies had been those of unknown soldiers that were dead when found &#8211; not that of a young man that she had come to know and whose life she had just taken.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She knew her sense of duty would demand forcing herself to perform these deeds - regardless of the magnitude of the difficulty and inner turmoil she would feel. But, would it be within her to perform them in the convincing manner that would be required? It would involve much more than simply forcing herself to carry out the physical acts. She must do these things not only in a manner that showed no hesitation or reluctance, but it would be necessary to display an attitude of appearing to be enjoying it with enthusiasm and amusement. Now, in the stillness of the night, she found it hard to imagine being able to disguise her true feelings and act in a manner that would appear genuine. Maybe, with a maximum effort, she might manage to fake it enough to at least get by if the young man were a total stranger. But this would be someone that she would have come to know, and would, in all likelihood, feel a great deal of compassion.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander seldom second-guessed a decision once it had been made, but she found herself doing so now. Was she asking more of herself than she would be capable of doing? Was she risking failure just to satisfy some inner conviction that she must always ask more of herself than of others? What was the logic in making a task that would already be exceeding difficult even more at a time that would be the most critical of all? Would it not be wise to cancel meeting with the young men she had selected to interview? She had read the reports on each and studied their pictures. This had already given her an insight into the type of individuals they were and made her feel that, in a way, she had already come to know them.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Was it really necessary to visit them and suffer the pain of looking into their faces with the knowledge that, in a few days, all would be dead - and then select from this group the one to die by her hand? There was already one in the group that appeared to stand out from the rest. Why not simply choose him and not pursue the matter any further? After all, she had already begun to feel admiration for this young man just from reading about him and looking at the youthful innocence he projected in his picture. This in itself would make taking his life far more personal than if she knew nothing about him. Would not this be enough?

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander knew, deep down, that she was still going to go through with her original plan even while she asked herself these questions. The realization that she would not change her mind made her feel a sudden surge of anger. Was she taking these steps to really fulfill a sense of duty or was the actual reason merely to satisfy some inner ego? To what extent did duty require asking more of yourself than being asked of others? After all, the mere fact that she would be going first and acting alone would make her part more difficult than for the others who not only would be following what she had started but would be acting in groups. Did she really owe more than this by making her part even more difficult?

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Her thoughts turned to the women who would be with her on that fateful day and of what she had asked of them. Her anger subsided and she knew the answer was yes. These women would be doing something that would cause them to experience a trauma that would, in all likelihood, remain for the rest of their lives. They would do this because they felt it their duty but, it had been she that had requested it of them. To ask others to suffer without requiring herself to suffer more was something she simply could not do. It was something within her that would not change. She would go through with her plans regardless of the risk. Somehow, when the time came, she would simply have to reach deep inside and find the means to hide her true feelings and give the outward appearance that would be necessary - regardless of the difficulty. After all, she had done much the same only a few hours before.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;An image came into the Supreme Commander's mind. She saw herself standing on the brightly lit floor of a crowded arena and laughing as she playfully flipped the limp penis of a naked young man that lay lifeless on his back. The image quickly faded as a feeling of chagrin passed through her, and she shook her head in dismay. "Good grief!" She said to herself. "If I can't even think about it without getting embarrassed how can I possibly hope to be able to actually do it when practically every woman in the world will be watching?"

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander thought of something that caused a wave of self disgust to pass through her. "Hell!" She said to herself. "If I can't follow my own damn advice, why should I expect it of others?" She was thinking of the remarks she had made just prior to adjourning the Summit. She had told the women to watch the upcoming televised campaign and cast out any preconceived ideas that, as prominent leaders, they should think themselves being above reacting in the same manner as women of the general public. She had stressed that they could not ask those that they served to openly accept and believe what was being said unless they were willing to accept and believe it themselves."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"She had told them to remember they were first and foremost a woman, like any other, and if they would only allow natural feelings to come through they would find themselves experiencing the same excitement and enjoyment. She had also said that the degree to which they must go in setting an example would go far beyond anything they could hope to merely pretend. Yet, putting up a false front was exactly what she was planning for herself. It wasn't that she didn't want to believe what she had said, but up to now - try as she might - she simply could not bring herself to see how she could ever reach a point of becoming excited and enjoying watching innocent men being killed - to say nothing of having such emotions from actually doing it herself.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She had discussed her doubts to her close friend that was the most prominent psychiatrist on the Central Committee. Her friend had told her that she was feeling this way because of knowing in advance what was going to take place before having the opportunity to experience the influences that would be needed to enable these emotions to break free. Her friend had stated with confidence that if the Supreme Commander would not close her mind and accept such feelings being possible that, in time, she could indeed find herself reacting in the same manner as what was anticipated for others.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander thought of the advice given by her friend and - for more times than she could remember - found herself wondering if it might really be possible. Could she actually find herself of becoming so indifferent toward men that she would truly become amused to the point of laughing while watching them die? She tried to imagine herself reacting in such a manner, but, try as she might, was unable to do so. It was not long before the lingering doubts returned, and her mind again told her that, regardless of what had been advised, such feelings within her could never happen. But, what would happen? What effect would all that was going to take place have on her afterward? Would the agony and grief she was presently experiencing continue, or would they begin to diminish when the slayings became widespread?

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She knew from experience that, as a protective measure, a person confronted by prolonged anguish could put up a shield to block out feelings and thereby prevent being overcome. Such a reaction had already taken place within her on numerous occasions - as it had with all women - from being forced to witness countless horrors and atrocities during the war. She had never reached the point where she did not care or not feel remorse, but it was something that was more on the surface and did not dwell deep within. She asked herself that since she already knew herself capable of experiencing such feelings why did she think that this time it would be different?

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was a question that she instinctively knew the reason and did not need the help of a psychiatrist to answer. What had happened before had been caused by others. But, she had played the major role in what was now going to take place. It was she that had worked tirelessly and used all of her resourcefulness and influence to guide the distraught members of the Central Committee into developing the plan of action that now lay ahead. And it was she that stood before the assembled women that were the leaders of their nations and argued convincingly that they had no choice but to approve the plan and, in so doing, authorize annihilating the entire male population. It did not matter that she had not brought on the crisis that made this drastic action necessary.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It did not even matter that the lives that would be taken would still be lost if nothing were done and, for most, under far more horrendous conditions. It did not matter that other women had helped in planning what lay ahead. It had been she had played the key role and the one that stood before the Summit and called for over two billion men to be killed. And, it was because of this role that she could not escape feeling that, regardless of the circumstances, it was she that bared the burden of being responsible. Her psychiatrist friend had told her that these feelings could change if she would only be willing to accept such being possible, and if she could do this she could indeed find herself reacting as other women - feeling excitement and pleasure instead of pain and grief.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;For the life of her, try as she might, the Supreme Commander couldn't see how such feelings within her could ever take place. After all, other women wouldn't carry the heavy burden of responsibility that weighed so heavily on her conscience. But, what effect would it have on her when the point was reached where men would be slaughtered by the millions on a daily basis? Would something this enormous be of such magnitude that it would override other feelings and allow protective instincts to once again bring on a numbing effect as it had in the past? Would the life that she would take by her own hand someday merge into being just another of untold millions and, in so doing, cease to haunt her? Would, in time, even the fate that awaited the young men in their late teens become dulled and no longer bring almost unbearable agony? But, even if this happened, she still could not see herself not feeling at least sadness. Surely, it wouldn't be excitement, but maybe she would at least be able to function. If not, it would only be a matter of time before she found herself unable to endure it any longer and loose her sanity.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander shook her head in disgust. She was doing it again. She must get a grip upon herself and quit letting such thoughts continue to consume her. If the part she played in what was to unfold caused her to someday have a nervous breakdown there would be nothing she could do about it. But, that was not important. All that mattered was for her to be able to force herself to hold on long enough to at least make it past these next few critical months. Once the major problems had been overcome and the plan successfully implemented her role would no longer be essential. If, after that, the pressure became too great she could resign and fade into obscurity, and if she later suffered a breakdown it would have no bearing on the outcome. Until such time, however, she had no choice but to reach within and find the strength to continue. And, of primary importance, regardless of her present doubts she must find it within her to convincingly carry out what would be required in the demonstration harvest". She must rely on the ability she had shown in the past to somehow find a means to be successful even when she contained many doubts.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;This past day was a prime example of this ability when she had grave concerns of being capable to do what would be needed &#8211; and they proved to be groundless. She was well aware that nothing she had done in the past - not even the remarkable success she had just achieved - would compare to what lay ahead and that it would, by far, be the most difficult and painful challenge she had ever attempted. But, regardless of how hard it would be she must not allow herself to falter. She could not afford to be concerned about the mental or emotional effects that she might be forced to endure afterward. The only thing that mattered was the welfare of the surviving female population and the future of the world. Beyond these things, anything that happened to her was meaningless. A spirit of renewed determination surged through her, and she made a silent vow that she would not fail.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;In an attempt to keep her improved mood from fading the Supreme Commander turned her thoughts to the one glimmer of hope that might someday justify a sacrifice even as horrendous as this - a world of the future in which men and women lived together in peace and harmony. A world that would never experience the horrors of war. She pictured such a world in her mind and saw happy, carefree faces and peaceful surroundings.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; It was not long, however, before the thought of future generations caused her to wonder how they would look back upon what was about to take place. Would people who knew only of peace be able to comprehend the desperate circumstances that made such drastic action necessary? Would they be able to understand and accept it for what it truly was - the only means of saving the human race and thereby enabling their very existence - or would they condemn it as being the barbaric action of a female population that held hatred toward all males as a result of what had taken place during the war? Would they be accused of fabricating an excuse of being faced with a desperate crisis to disguise something that was nothing more than a burning desire to seek vengeance?

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;If such an outlook occurred, it would only be strengthened by the manner in which the activities were going to be conducted. It might well be asked - if the true motive was only to obtain meat for survival then what purpose did it serve to turn the slayings into outlandish spectator events for women audiences to view? How could the valid reasons for conducting the events in such manner be explained to future generations in a way that would be understood - to say nothing of going to the extreme of making trophies from male victims for women to display in homes?

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A sudden thought struck the Supreme Commander. If future generations find themselves condemning what would take place they would more likely find it easier to place the blame on an individual rather than an entire female population &#8211; an individual that was demented and had managed to manipulate others into doing her fiendish bidding. That individual would be the one who had been in command. That individual would be herself. If this happened she would be branded the most brutal and vicious tyrant of all time whose lust for blood and hatred of males resulted in the deaths of over two billion men. She would be judged guilty of the wanton slaughter of, by far, the greatest number of innocent victims than had been caused by any other tyrant in history.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Up to this point, the Supreme Commander had given little thought to whether she might or might not become a historical figure. She had always looked upon such things as being petty and unimportant. But she now found the thought of being branded a ruthless, bloodthirsty, tyrant disturbing. Her true person would never be known along with her deep compassion for others and the immense agony and grief she was feeling. It would not be known that she would have given her own life if, in so doing, it could have prevented even a small part of what would take place.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Another wave of depression was beginning to come over her, but she caught herself in time to stop it. She rolled her eyes to the ceiling with a look of mock despair. "Here I go again!" She thought. "I just can't let up. Now I'm getting upset over how I might be remembered in history. I have enough to be concerned about without being bothered by something as trivial as this. Surely, some of the truth will be known, but, if not, what difference will it make after I'm long gone? Big deal!"

  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander glanced at the clock on her night stand to see how late it was getting. In so doing, she found herself gazing at the framed picture of a man holding a young girl in his arms. The individuals were her late husband and daughter who had been killed in one of the first bombing raids that struck their city at the beginning of the war. She had gone shopping on what had started out to be a routine Saturday and returned to find nothing but a huge crater where their house had been. The devastation had been so massive that no trace of her husband or daughter could be found. The picture had been at her office and, except for memories, was the only thing she had to show they had ever existed.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;For years afterward she had been unable to look at it and it had lain in the bottom of a drawer. Her grief during that time had been almost unbearable, but she knew that it, more than anything else, was responsible for molding her into the woman she had become. She looked into the face of the man that had been such a kind, gentle, loving, husband and father. She remembered how happy she had been before that terrible day when it had all been taken away. Her eyes became moist as a deep feeling of loneliness swept over her. She felt a desperate longing to feel the loving warmth of his arms around her, bringing reassurance and comfort, as they had done so often in the past. Suddenly, she was struck by the irony of her thoughts. She was wishing that her husband was still alive to offer comfort and understanding for what she was being forced to do &#8211; be the driving force in what would result in annihilating the entire male population - a population in which he would be included.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A strange feeling went through the Supreme Commander at the realization that if her husband, the man for which she still felt a deep love, were indeed alive that he would face the same fate that now awaited all other men - to be taken out and slaughtered so that his body could be used for food. Then, another thought came to her. What if her husband had suddenly turned up by some remarkable turn of fate? No trace of either his or her daughter's bodies had been found, and, for a long time, she had held onto a slim hope that somehow, someway, they had managed to survive.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She had given up this hope long ago, but, what if by some miracle her husband had indeed survived and she had only a few days ago found it out. After all of these years, such an event would be impossible, but she found herself intrigued by wondering how it might have affected her actions. Would she have done anything different in the influential role she had played in developing the events that were going to take place? Would it have changed the dynamic and convincing manner she had presented the plan to the members of the Summit and passionately pleaded for it to be adopted? Almost immediately she knew the answer would be "no". It would certainly have affected her inner-emotions and turmoil, but the enormity of the crisis was far too great to allow personal feelings, even for someone she deeply loved, to influence her judgment.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;But what would she do in regard to the fate of her husband? As Supreme Commander, it would be simple to find a way for him to be discretely spared. Would she be tempted to take such action? Certainly, her heart would cry out on his behalf, and she searched deep within in contemplating what she would do. It did not take long to know what it would be. It simply was not within her to use her position in a manner that would betray the trust placed in her - not even to save the life of her husband. Her dedication and loyalty to the courageous and long suffering survivors the female population outweighed even the deep love she still held for him. She would have no choice but to allow him to be killed in public while naked in the identical manner as any other.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A strange calm came over her as a deeper understanding came of what her actions would be if her husband had indeed been found to still be alive. Not only would he not be spared, but he would be the first to die - it would be he that she would face when the day came for the demonstration harvest". Nothing she could do would more clearly show the full extent of her commitment, but this would not be the true reason - she would be doing it for him. It would be the one thing she would use her influence to do on his behalf. It die he must by a woman's hand then she would at least owe it to him for that woman to be herself rather than a stranger. If his death could not be avoided then it would be far better for it to be caused by the woman who cared for him deeply. As strange as it might seem, it would be an expression of the depth of her love.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A feeling of confidence came over her. There was no doubt in her mind that, if the situation had indeed existed, not only would she take this action but she would even find it within her to be able to perform in the manner required. She would stand before the man she loved and, without hesitation, take his life and do all that would follow while giving an outward appearance of excitement and merriment. She would be able to do this even though, inwardly, she would be valuing the life she was taking far more than her own.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander's mind began to picture a scene in which she was moments away from killing her husband. A strange feeling came over her as she found herself beginning to experience a trance like vision that became so real it seemed to actually be taking place. She was standing before her bound husband on the floor of a crowded arena holding a drawn bow with the arrow pointing at his left breast. He was naked, but she felt no concern that that of him which was most private was being viewed by not only a large, female audience but was being seen on television by practically every woman in the world. In fact, she found that it caused a thrill of unexplainable excitement and pride to surge through her to think of him standing naked before the eyes of over two hundred and fifty million women with every intimate secret revealed save one. And even this she would not have minded being observed. In fact, her excitement was such that she would have preferred even this final unknown being unveiled and that he was rigid to the fullest extent possible. It was almost with regret that she knew that in his confused state of mind such a reaction was only wishful thinking.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Her vision continued. She gazed into her husband's face and saw that it was flushed with extreme embarrassment and displaying a look of fear and bewilderment. He had been so baffled, frightened, and disconcerted at being naked and seeing a woman holding an ominous looking bow and arrow that, at first, he had not taken notice of her identity. Then, he suddenly recognized her and stared in shocked disbelief that it was his wife, the woman he loved, standing before him and not only appearing amused at his nakedness in front of countless of women, but showing every intention of taking his life.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She also found that not only did observing the distraught emotions her husband was displaying did nothing to dampen the excitement but that, instead, they actually increased her exhilaration. She looked at him, and the realization came that, in moments, all of the embarrassment, fear, and bewilderment he was showing would suddenly cease, and he would lay lifeless at her feet &#8211; aware of nothing. And it would be she that would be the cause. It would be she that, in the blink of an eye, would forever put an end to everything that is within him. It would be she that would cause all of the intricate functions taking place in his complex human body to suddenly cease. No longer will he be able to see, hear, or feel. No longer will he be able to experience fear, love, hate, embarrassment, bewilderment, joy, sorrow, compassion, or any of the other countless emotions unique within a human. No longer will he have the ability of logical thought or complex reasoning. All of these things, and much more, in a single instant will be gone. This knowledge made the excitement within her surge to even greater heights, and a strange, tingling, sensation of fascination came over her as she wondered what the experience will be like in not only causing it and but seeing it take place.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The excitement, enthusiasm, and anticipation that the Supreme
Commander found herself experiencing did not, however, keep her from being aware that she was also about to suffer a great loss. Nothing that was taking place had changed the strong love she still felt for her husband, but, instead of causing sorrow, it made her feel a surge of pride in knowing she was going to willingly offer a personal sacrifice of this magnitude so that a greater need of others could be fulfilled - others for which she felt an immense degree of loyalty whose welfare overshadowed even the deep compassion she felt for the man before her.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Her trance like state had increased to the point that it was as though what was taking place in her mind was actually happening, and it continued in startling clarity. What's going on? Her husband stammers. "How can you be doing this?" It would have been pointless to attempt to explain. Even if time permitted he surely could not be expected to understand his death being necessary for no other reason than because he was male. And, it certainly would be beyond his comprehension to accept that she was acting on his behalf by being the one to bring it about. She merely looked at him and said softly - "Because I love you".

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They were the last words he would ever hear and, even then, had no time to register. She released the bow immediately after they were spoken, and her exhilaration seemed to explode as she saw the arrow plunge deep into his left breast, heard him utter a cry of agony, stagger, and then fall. She watched mesmerized as his body began to jerk in violent spasms causing his exposed manhood to flop frantically in a highly undignified and humiliating manner. She heard laughter coming from women in the audience and found herself heartily joining in. The genuineness of her amusement only served to enhance the intensity of other emotions that surged within.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When the Supreme Commander's husband had been alive he had possessed a calm and confident nature that displayed a great deal of inner-strength and composure. But he had also been shy and hesitant to do anything he thought might not appear to be proper. The Supreme Commander, caught up in the vivid realism of her trance-like illusion, knew the extent to which he would have been mortified at the thought of his body, even in death, reacting in such a degrading manner and, in knowing his sensitive nature, it seemed almost unbelievable to see him laying naked and jerking and flopping about like some type of fish. Yet, not only was he doing this very thing, but he was doing it before a large audience of laughing women. To see it happening before her magnified the enormity of what had occurred, and the knowledge that it was her hand that had brought it about caused an added thrill to pass through her. It was she that had reduced his calm strength and self-assured manner to this. In one swift act she had not only ended his life, but had done it with such suddenness that it had caused the death throes that were forcing his naked body to humiliate itself while practically every woman in the world watched. A body that took only the briefest glance to know was male.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She stared, almost transfixed, at the two prominent, oval shaped, bulges moving in every direction beneath the loose skin of his jouncing scrotum, and his limp penis flopping wildly back and fourth. She became so engrossed in watching the activity that even though the movements were frantic they almost seemed to be taking place in slow-motion - enabling her to take in distinct details and, in particular, those of the cone shaped head with its flared ridge and pouting slash of the closed hole. She became so engrossed that she forgot the lifeless body jerking before her was that of her husband and was only aware of observing the exposed sex organs of a male being forced to humiliate themselves while countless women watched and laughed. And, it had been she that had been the cause. A feeling of conquest and supremacy surged through her. She became acutely aware of being a woman and, as such, found herself experiencing an exhilarating sense of pride and excitement that was almost utopian.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander's pelvis suddenly arched upward, and she let out the unmistakable cry of a woman whose body had just exploded in an intense organism. It jerked and quivered for several moments before gradually subsiding. For a short while, she lay bewildered - unsure of what had happened. She then became aware that her right hand was between her legs and her fingers were wet and slippery as was her swollen vulva. In addition, her other hand lay on her left breast and was gently squeezing the nipple that was strutted to the fullest extent possible. She had been so caught up in the realism of her thoughts that she had been completely unaware of her actions. This only served to increase her bewilderment. She had not masturbated since adolescent, and the last organism she had experienced had been years ago when still married.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She was totally baffled but there could be but only one explanation as to the cause. The event she had envisioned might have been only in her imagination, but it had been so vivid and seemed so real that there had been nothing imaginary about the emotions it had caused within her. These had been very, very, real to such an extent that tingling feelings still remained. Certainly, there had been nothing imaginary about the organism. It had been as intense as any she could remember, and she now lay in the calm serenity and contentment that followed having received total sexual fulfillment. It was quite obvious that the imagined experience had awakened and aroused strong sexual desires within her, but with the intensity of the excitement caused by other emotions she had experienced at the same time, she had not recognized them for what they were. Her subconscious had obviously recognized them, however, and had acted accordingly. She could only wonder at the extent of the magnitude it must have been to have caused her to masturbate and reach an organism without even being aware of it taking place.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander's usual reaction to something unexpected and unexplainable taking place was to immediately try and analyze it in hopes of finding a logical explanation. But she found she had no desire to interfere with the calm contentment that still lingered within. All of the turmoil and agony that had plagued her for days had vanished, and she felt a strange inner-peace she had never known before. She only wanted to lie there, let it surround her, and do nothing that might cause it to go away. She found that not only did it not seem to bother her that the intense emotions and sexual excitement had been brought on from thinking about killing her husband, a man that she dearly loved, but that she did not even care to wonder why.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; In the morning, it would probably be different, but, for now, she only wanted to relax, enjoy the tingling sensations that remained, and let the serenity and contentment continue to surround her. It was almost as if she were floating on a cloud. She closed her eyes and let the feelings flow through - unaware of her right hand gently massaging her still swollen clitoris and the left lightly stroking her breast. A fleeting image of her playfully batting her husband's limp penis and laughing at the amusing way it flopped back and forth on his lifeless body flashed through her mind as she fell into a deep and much needed sleep.









THE FUTURE
By C

PART II
CHAPTER 21

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The Supreme Commander sat up with a start and looked around. She then became aware of the buzzing of her alarm clock and reached over to turn it off. She could not remember ever sleeping so soundly. When the grogginess in her head passed, she had a strange feeling of having gained an understanding of something, but it seemed to be just out of reach in being able grasp what it might be.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She then remembered the emotions and excitement experienced during the night while thinking of taking her husband's life, and the shocking thing she had done as a result. Her face flushed as a wave of chagrin passed through her. "Surely that had been a dream." She thought. "I couldn't have possibly experienced such feelings as that. And masturbate? Ridiculous! Why I haven't done that since I was a child." But, in spite of trying to shrug it off, she found the memory being so real she could recall every detail. If it had been a dream it had certainly been the most vivid one she had ever had. She tentatively brought her right hand to her nose and was taken aback from the unmistakable odor of stale, vaginal fluid. "It actually happened!&nbsp; She thought. But how? What could have possibly come over me?"

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander got a grip on herself and did as always when something unusual occurred that could not be readily explained - she looked for a logical explanation. It was not long before she had an answer that met with her satisfaction. She had been under almost unbearable pressure with very little sleep for the past few days - to say nothing of what the tremendous ordeal the previous day had taken out of her. It all seemed to have come to a head after going to bed when the pain and grief she was feeling had almost completely overwhelmed her fatigued state. What happened had obliviously been some type of protective reaction that took place within her body in its desperate need to find some type of outlet. It surely couldn't have been any more than that. To think herself capable of feeling such excitement and reacting as she did from killing anyone was totally absurd - to say nothing of her husband if he were indeed still alive whose life she would value more than her own.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The direction of her thoughts suddenly reminded her of the task that lay ahead and brought forth a feeling of dread. This was the day she would interview the ten young men at the compound. This was the day that she would choose from that group the one that in two weeks she would stand before and take his innocent life in cold-blood. It was with reluctance that she got out of bed and started getting dressed.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;In the two weeks that followed that faithful day of the Summit, women, throughout the world, found themselves being caught up by the dramatic televised campaign which proved to be highly successful in achieving all desired goals. They found themselves understanding many subconscious emotions and the negative effects that came from trying to suppress them. It was in this manner they came to know the true reasons for the fascination, excitement, and sexual arousal that had come as a result of things done to the bodies and sex organs of dead soldiers. The realization that their reactions were normal and understanding the cause enabled any last vestiges of lingering concern to evaporate.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;In addition to acquiring a deeper understanding of themselves, women also learned a great deal of the ways of males and how they had always behaved in the past. There was little doubt as to what could be expected if men were allowed to return to society. Women found that the more they learned about men the more resentful and disturbed they became. These feelings continued to increase until they found themselves looking upon members of the opposite sex with open hostility and alarm at what might lay ahead. Many began to openly state that men didn't deserve to be set free and should be kept locked up where they could do no harm.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;With the exception of the televised campaign, there was little evidence that anything out of the ordinary was about to take place. The vast majority of the female population was unaware of intense behind-the-scenes planning and preparations that had begun, and those living close to large stadiums and indoor arenas gave little notice to the activity that had started taking place. Even the women involved in the construction had no awareness as to the purpose of what they were building was meant to serve.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The second week of the campaign saw the announcing of several upcoming events. These announcements were presented in such a mysterious and dynamic manner that it created intense curiosity as to what would be taking place. No hint had been given as to the nature of the events, but it was stressed that not only were they of extreme importance, but they would also be highly exciting and dramatic. It was announced that the first would be activities being conducted simultaneously in large stadiums around the world. These were schedule to take place on the coming Sunday. Tickets would be provided to randomly selected members of the female population, but since it was vital for all women to watch the events would be televised live. In addition to homes, the telecast would be shown in numerous movie theaters, and women were strongly urged to use these facilities since the large screens would enhance the dramatic effect - admission would be free.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was also announced that a second event, also of dramatic proportions, would be conducted on the following day. This event would take place at only one location, but it would also be televised live in the same manner to enable being seen throughout the world in homes or theaters. As before, it was stressed that it was imperative that this event should be watched by all women.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Sunday came with woman everywhere being filled with an almost unbearable degree of curiosity, excitement, and anticipation. The stadiums had filled to capacity long before the scheduled hour with the same happening in crowded movie theaters. The largest stadium was located in the city that served as headquarters for the United Nations, and it was from here the Supreme Commander would make her address which, in addition to being telecast in homes and theaters, would also be shown on large screens located in the other stadiums.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The account of what took place in the stadium from which the Supreme Commander made her address is typical of what transpired at other locations. A sense of disappointment went through most women when they observed the field of the stadium. The outside perimeter was surrounded by a tall chain link fence with barbed wire at the top. Running from beneath the stands and through the fence at one end of the field was a caged runway with heavy gates at the end. Located in the center of the field was another fenced area that formed a square. The interior fence was covered with canvas which obstructed all view as to what might be within.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The tremendous buildup had led to women anticipating seeing some type of elaborate setting that would befit something that had been so highly publicized. When they observed the field they could not envision how any event of sensational and dramatic proportions could possibly take place in surroundings so sparse. Each woman that entered the stadium had been provided with a pair of binoculars, and many wondered in dismay as to what purpose they would serve.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The appointed hour for the proceedings to begin finally arrived, and the speakers within the stadium blared forth with the stirring and patriotic music that had recently been adopted as the world anthem. While it was being played the Supreme Commander mounted a high platform that was visible to all. The music ended, and she looked around at the audience. It was composed almost entirely of young women, and the scattering of older woman that were present gave clear evidence to the extent of just how disproportionate the makeup of the female population had become.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;In a strong, clear, voice the Supreme Commander began a moving speech that was heard not only in the stadium but on the televised broadcast carried throughout the world. The start of her address was basically a repeat of what she had said during the Summit when discussing the actions of barbaric dictators, their political cronies, high ranking military commanders, and fanatical terrorist that had been placed in high security prisons immediately after being taken into custody. In a highly passionate tone she described how it was these evil men that were the ones responsible for the brutal tyranny they had been forced to endure, the ruthless slaughter of untold millions, and the massive destruction and desolation that still surrounded them. In no uncertain terms she placed full blame upon these men for the insane madness that had engulfed the world for so many years and the profound pain, suffering, and abuse women everywhere had been forced to endure - of which only a small few managed to survive.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander ended her address with these words: "These men have committed crimes against humanity of a magnitude that far surpassed those of any other tyrants in history. If their madness had been allowed to continue it would have surely led to total annihilation of the entire world. Even in captivity these men continue to pose a serious threat from the mere fact that they continue to exist. Not only ourselves, but the voices of the untold millions that have perished cry out for these men to be held accountable for their abominable crimes. These cries must be answered and, with my full support, your appointed leaders unanimously passed a resolution approving both the punishment and the method it will be carried out. It is the enactment of this punishment that you are about to observe. The years of terror and immense suffering women have been forced to endure demands that each and every one of you be given the opportunity to witness those responsible pay the price for their atrocities."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander pointed to the center of the field. "Within the confines of that enclosure are some of the men of whom I speak, and in a matter of moments they will receive the punishment they so richly deserve. I must tell you in advance that, at first, you will find yourselves being shocked, but there is a purpose for everything that will be taking place. I call upon you to keep in mind the profound evil of these men and accept what you are about to see - regardless of how shocking it might be. If you do this and let your feelings run free you will find the event being highly rewarding, enjoyable, and exciting. I can assure you this is my intention, and I urge each of you to do the same." The Supreme Commander paused, looked around, and then, in a calm tone, said - "Let the punishment begin".

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;All four sides of the canvas covered fence fell outward and crashed to the ground. Within what had been its confines stood a group of almost a hundred men that, until their capture, had been some of the most powerful and ruthless individuals that had ever lived. The exalted positions they once held, however, was no longer evident - each and every one was naked. Most held their hands in front of their genitals and stood in small circles with their backs to the audience. Their faces were bright red, but, for most, it came not so much from embarrassment but from outrage that anyone would have the gall to subject someone of their extreme importance to being degraded in such disgraceful fashion. The fierce expressions gave little doubt as to the extent of vengeance they would reek if given the opportunity. Only a few showed any sign of being afraid. Most considered women to be incapable of posing a serious threat and that being publicly humiliated in this outrageous fashion would the be the extent of what they would be forced to endure.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The women in the stands were so startled by such an unexpected sight that, for a few moments, they could only gape in wide-eyed surprise. It did not take long, however, to recover, and the air was soon filled with cheering and laughter. The merriment continued for a several minutes, and the men huddled together even closer to provide as much concealment as possible.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The gleeful, feminine, crowd noises were suddenly interrupted by the deep bellied roar of a lion coming over the loudspeakers. It was answered by others, and, soon, a chorus of thunderous roars vibrated throughout the stadium. A hush fell over the spectators, and the huddled men began to glance around with looks of apprehension. Moments later, a large lioness appeared in the caged runway at the end of the field. She began to make her way cautiously down it and was soon followed by others in increasing numbers until it was completely filled with large, female, lions whose ferocious manner made it obvious they were in an ill-tempered mood and exceedingly dangerous.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The women in the stands stared in stunned disbelief as the lions at the end of the packed runway began to paw menacingly at the closed gates which were the only thing separating them from the men standing helpless in the center of the field. Most of the spectators were unable to bring themselves to believe these savage beasts were actually going to be released and suspected this was simply a method for striking well deserved fear into the black hearts of these despicable villains. They couldn't be sure, however, and many held their breaths in anticipation &#8211; wondering what would come next.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The suspense did not last long, and the wonder was dispelled when the gates swung open with a loud clang. The lionesses stopped their roars and began to slowly emerge onto the grass surface - looking cautiously around at their surroundings. When the runway was empty the gates swung shut and blocked off all exit for either men or beast.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A dramatic change had taken place in the manner of the once powerful men that now found themselves standing helpless before a large number of one of the most savage and feared animals in the world. Looks of embarrassment and anger had been replaced with those of extreme fear and panic. All concern for modesty had been forgotten, and their arms hung limply to their sides as they looked around frantically for some means of escape. The lions had not been fed for several days, and it did not take long for them to direct their attention to the huddled men. They made no sound as they crouched down and, with shoulders hunched, started moving stealthily forward in their traditional manner of stalking prey. While all this had been taking place there had been total silence in the stadium filled to capacity with almost a hundred thousand female spectators - all staring in stunned disbelief as though hypnotized.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The spell was broken when the men panicked and began to run wildly in every direction except toward the menacing threat. When this happened, the lions lunged forward in pursuit. The eyes of almost every woman in the stadium were almost immediately drawn to the wild activity taking place between the legs of the running men, and thousands of binoculars were simultaneously raised to provide a closer view of the humiliating antics. The sight was so amusing that the women were unable to contain themselves and, in spite of the shocking circumstances, a wave of laughter swept stadium.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A man running frantically from a lioness failed to notice another charging from the side that leaped and gave him a severe blow to the head with a powerful, claw bared, paw. The force of the blow made his body fly through the air and then tumble limply over the ground as though suddenly transformed into a rag doll. He came to rest lying sprawled on his back with his head bent at an unnatural angle. The lion that had been responsible for this devastating attack came up, took the man's right leg in her mouth, and unceremoniously started to drag his limp body away. Another lioness rushed forward, bit into the trailing free leg, and started pulling in the opposite direction. The two beasts fought for possession, yanking the legs wide apart, which caused the limp penis to flop wildly back and forth and the testicles to jounce visibly in the scrotum. The attention of most of the spectators had been drawn to this first man that fell victim and they found themselves laughing in merriment at the humiliating performance of the exposed manhood.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The two lionesses yanked and pulled on the body with such force that it began to rip lengthwise. The tear started between the legs and became visibly larger as it worked its way up the abdomen. The skin of the genitals remained attached to one side of the body with the organs themselves to the other, and, as the lower part of the torso began to separate, the penis was pulled sideways with the skin being pealed from it until it pulled free and, along with the testicles that had been yanked from the scrotum, once again resumed their frantic activity.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The abdomen suddenly gave way completely and the intestines spilled out as one side tore free at the waist. With the body now in two pieces the lions trotted off in different directions - one carrying a leg that was attached only to a ripped portion of lower torso trailing a length of intestine - the other carrying the leg attached to what remained of the abdomen and the upper part of the body which was being drug along the ground - the open eyes appearing to stare blankly upward and arms trailing limply behind. The leg to which only part of the lower torso was attached could still be clearly identified as belonging to the body of a male, however, since it was this side that contained the flopping, freshly skinned, penis and testicles dancing from the ends of attached tubes.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The spectators had let out a startled cry as the man was struck down and killed with such sudden and awesome force and then watched in awe at seeing his body being ripped apart before their eyes. Instead of being appalled or sickened by the sight, however, they found it to be strangely fascinating, and even though the entire episode lasted less than a minute, they had been filled with excitement and amusement.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The action on the field became a wild turmoil as one terrified man after another fell victim to the fierce onslaught of charging lions. The women in the audience became so caught up in the activity that they were soon cheering and laughing with increasing intensity each time a frantically running man was brought to the ground in a manner that, in many cases, was quite comical. They took special delight in futile, last moment, attempts of desperately trying to dodge out of the way - only to be caught in mid flight by the much quicker reactions of the huge cats.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The lionesses were unknown to each other and, therefore, did not attack with the coordination that would have been done by members of the same pride. They acted individually, and when one made a kill she would immediately start to drag the body away having no desire to share her freshly slaughtered carcass with others. This, however, proved to be impossible since the lions greatly outnumbered the men, and fierce battles for possession were fought over the remains of each victim.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The women watched with mesmerized enrapture, growing feelings of amusement, and heightened excitement as they watched men savagely killed before them and being ripped apart in a manner that clearly demonstrated the tremendous power of the huge cats. Even the bodies of large and muscular men were torn apart with apparent ease. The members of the audience found themselves experiencing an eerie yet pleasing sensation at seeing only bloody pieces and scattered internal organs being all that remained of what moments before had been the body of a human male fleeing in panic.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A few men managed to reach the perimeter fence and frantically climbed up only to be stopped by the barbed wire that had been placed at a tantalizing height that was almost, but not quite, above that which the lions were able to leap. After climbing as far as possible they clung desperately to the fence, oblivious to the frontal view being presented to the female audience, until they were drug down screaming in terror. One man pressed himself so close to the fence that his genitals protruded through one of the diamond shaped openings and become wedged and were ripped from his body as he was pulled down.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He uttered a shrill, terrified, scream that ended abruptly when a lioness sunk her teeth deep into his neck and then trotted off dragging his body by the head. His genitals, however, remained hanging in fence for all to see with a ragged portion of flesh colored root protruding from the torn skin at the base of the limp shaft. A moist, shiny, testicle that had been pulled from the scrotum dangled from the tube attached to a long bulge running down one side of its oval shape. At one time or another, thousands of binoculars were trained upon them as women were unable to resist taking a close-up view at the intriguing sight of male sex organs dangling from the fence in such a humiliating and degrading fashion.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It did not take long until every man on the field had fallen victim to the savage onslaught. Total carnage were the only words that would adequately describe what had taken place. The once green grass was covered with dark, red, stains, and the field was littered with countless blood covered parts of bodies - torsos that had been torn in half at the waist or ripped apart lengthwise - arms and legs, both whole and in pieces, laying by themselves or still attached to a portion of a body - heads that had been ripped off with staring eyes and gaping mouths registering frozen looks of panic and terror - tangled lengths of intestines along with every type of internal organ found within a human body - and pieces of blood covered flesh that could not be readily identified. It was no accident that the lionesses had acted with such swift and ferocious savagery. Not only had they not been fed for several days, but they had only recently had been captured from the wild.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The women in the audience had no qualms at watching such a massive blood-bath. The long years of war had conditioned them to become accustomed to seeing the gory aftermath of countless bombing or missile attacks and battles. But, enjoyment was something new, and later in the day they would look back with amazement at the degree of emotions in which they had been caught up while witnessing the astounding and unexpected events. They not only experienced exhilaration, fascination, and enthusiastic excitement from seeing death come to others, but had openly laughed and cheered as they watched naked men being savagely killed and seeing the bodies ripped apart.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;At first, the reactions were primarily influenced by knowing that the men were despised villains who were guilty of countless heinous crimes. It was not long, however, before the fascination, amusement, and excitement, was being increasingly influenced by the mere fact that the victims were male rather than from thinking of atrocities that had been committed. The bizarre scene of sudden, violent, death and unimaginable carnage did not prevent them from taking an astute interest in the nakedness and, in so doing, paying particular attention to the activity taking place between the legs. Much of the pleasure and amusement came from watching the humorous and humiliating antics of male sex organs as men ran in panic and in seeing limp penises and bulging scrotums continue to flop and jounce as lifeless bodies were drug across the ground or being fought over and ripped to pieces.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The witnessing such astounding events happening to the naked bodies of members of the opposite sex caused the women to experience yet another emotion that, at the time, they were not even aware being present. They were so engrossed in observing the mesmerizing spectacle that they were unaware of nipples becoming hard or of tingling sensations taking place between their legs. Many unconsciously started stroking a breast with one hand while reaching down with the other to rub their swollen clitoris and wet vulva.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The interest did not end with the men being killed and their bodies torn apart. The female audience continued to watch with intense fascination as the lionesses stopped their fighting, settled down, and started gorging themselves on the plentiful supply of bloody remnants that littered the field. They found it hard to comprehend that the scattered remains they were looking at had, only a short while ago, been a group of almost a hundred living men. Most of the audience fell silent while watching the intriguing sight of human bodies being eaten by savage beasts with the exception of a cheer going up each time a set of sex organs were bitten off and gulped down by a female lion.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The craving hunger of the lionesses was finally satisfied, and they stretched out contentedly in the sun with most going to sleep. The field was littered with broken bones and pieces of flesh of which only a few could still be identified as having come from a human body - except for the heads which apparently was the only thing that had no appeal. The women felt a strange, unreal, sensation at seeing heads lying on the ground with open eyes giving the eerie appearance of still being alive.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;With the activity on the field coming to a close the Supreme Commander once again mounted the raised platform and stood before the microphone. It did not take long for her to have the undivided attention of everyone present. She swept her right hand across the littered field and said in a triumphant tone, "Ladies, I hope you share with me the immense satisfaction of observing what remains of some of the ruthless men that have been responsible for the untold brutality, death, destruction, and suffering that the world has been forced to endure for so many years. There were, of course, many others of equal guilt, and you will be gratified to know that these have also now paid the price for their vile misdeeds."
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"The scene that you have just observed was being repeated simultaneously in stadiums throughout the world in which the remainder of all those of equal guilt, at one location or another, received the same fate. None were spared, and now - each and every one is dead. At this very moment the splintered bones of every single dictator, political crony, high level military commander, and radical terrorist lies scattered on the field of a stadium, and their flesh dwells within the gorged and contented bodies of female lions. They have been forced to pay a severe penalty, but nothing we could have done would have been sufficient to offset the extent of their heinous crimes against humanity."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I know each of you was undoubtedly shocked when you first saw what was about to happen. I can assure that a great deal of thought and careful planning went into choosing the method of punishment. Numerous alternatives were considered, but, in the end, no other came close to achieving all of the desired goals while this fulfilled everything. The villainous men have not only been forced to pay the ultimate price for their repulsive crimes but, in so doing, were forced to die in a highly degrading manner that totally deprived them retaining even the slightest semblance of dignity. In addition, it resulted in each of them, at least for a short time, to know what it means to feel terror similar to what their brutality has caused untold millions to experience. It has also served to bring a permanent end to the extreme danger that faced us as long as any of these men remained alive."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"All of this could have been achieved in other ways, but there was another benefit of extreme importance that was also gained which could not have been fulfilled to this extent by any other method. And, it was for this benefit that the decision was made in it being selected. We, the surviving members of the female population, are the ones that have, by far, been forced to endure the greatest hardship, suffering and pain from the brutal acts of these despicable men. It is only fitting that we, the innocent victims of their vile deeds, should not only have the opportunity to witness these ruthless and barbaric individuals paying the supreme penalty for their crimes but to do so in a manner that enabled us to experience a sense of exhilaration, amusement, excitement and, hopefully, to gain a feeling that, in so doing, we have personally received at least some degree of retribution. The method you have just witnessed, shocking as it might have been, was able to accomplish these justly deserved goals in a manner that no other could come close to achieving. I sincerely hope you are in agreement and that what has taken place here today meets with your approval."
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Thunderous applause filled the air which continued unabated for several minutes. While the ovation was taking place an usher climbed the platform and handed something to the Supreme Commander. The world leader waited for the audience to become quite and then raised her right hand which held a torn flap of skin containing pubic hair from which dangled a set of male sex organs. The limp penis hung down placidly, and the bloody end of the flesh colored root protruding from ragged skin gave clear evidence of having been forcefully ripped from a man's body. One testicle dangled outside the scrotum that still bulged noticeably showing the companion remained inside.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander displayed a mischievous smile as she slowly swung the genitals back and forth. "Ladies, look what I have." A wave of laughter swept through the audience as she continued. "If these had not been caught in the fence there would have been none left since the lions seemed to have been particularly fond of this part of the male body" She paused and smiled again. "I doubt that there are any among us who would question the reason for this fondness."

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The remark brought forth a wave of laughter. The look of merriment faded from the Supreme Commander's face, and her expression became serious as she continued. It is extremely ironic that these particular genitals were the only ones to be spared. The man to which they belonged was probably the most ruthless and villainous of any that have died this day. It was his greed and madness that more than any other was responsible for starting the outbreak of hostilities that led to this insane war we have been forced to endure. Of all those that have now paid for their crimes it is he that was most deserving.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; But, his vile deeds were not confined to committing countless atrocities of war. He had an unquenchable, perverted, sexual appetite which brought agonizing suffering that most often ended in death to countless women. He would have his victims brought before him, striped naked, and then watch as they were savagely beaten by his henchmen. The screams of agony and pleas for mercy only served to increase his perverted enjoyment. When the beating finally came to an end, he would savagely rape them while they were too weak to offer resistance. He would then sit back and watch gleefully as his henchmen did the same - one after another. Only then was his lust apparently satisfied, and his victims would be drug out and thrown in a gutter. Most were dead by this time and those that weren't could only lay helpless and bleeding. Only a very few managed to survived the ordeal and these have been forced to live with permanent scars, both physical and mental, that will stay with them for the remainder of their lives. The number of innocent women that suffered and perished at the hands of this madman is not known but there is no doubt it measures in the hundreds."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander's voice trembled with emotion as she continued. "The atrocities against women committed by this evil villain might be unmatched in their heinous extremes, but he is certainly not alone in men of power using their lofty position to satisfy sexual desires by resorting to forceful means against innocent women. The majority of the men that have now met their fate this day were also guilty of committing brutal rape and many enjoyed inflicting pain in the process. For years, these men have been above any law and had to answer only to themselves."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander again lifted her hand and dangled the male genitals in the air. The action caused them to swing back and forth as she continued with an air of triumph. "The evil man to which these belonged, along with the others, have now been forced to pay not only for their crimes against humanity and the world but also for their brutal crimes against, helpless, innocent, women - and they paid, I hope, in manner you found be fitting."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A thunderous cheer erupted, and the Supreme Commander waited for it to subside before continuing. As I have said, everything you have witnessed is the result of careful planning. There were several reasons as to why the men were naked. The most obvious is that it deprived them of all dignity to die in this manner before members of the opposite sex - a sex that they had brutalized and treated with utter disdain. It also served the purpose, as I am sure that by now you are well aware, of greatly enhancing the enjoyment and excitement that we, as women, received from looking at their nakedness during all that was taking place. In addition, there would surely be something lacking within us if it did not also arouse natural feminine instincts and sexual emotions." An amused smile spread across the Supreme Commander's face. "And lets face it &#8211; there would also be something lacking in us if, being women, we did not find the sight of so many dicks and nuts flopping about in such a humiliating and frantic manner to not only be highly intriguing but downright funny."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A wave of laughter and applause came from the audience, and, as with previous interruptions, the Supreme Commander waited for it to subside before continuing. "The advantages I have mentioned are all highly beneficial, but there is another of extreme importance that can not be overlooked. The action that has taken place has enabled us to observe men's sex organs being ridiculed and humiliated to an extent that I doubt could have been achieved in any other manner. Granted, we found this to be highly exciting and extremely funny but, as beneficial as we found these to be, there was yet another aspect that went beyond merely enabling us to experience excitement and amusement."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"In the past several weeks we have learned of how women, throughout history, have been forced to live with fear due to the fact that there have always been men that used force and violence to satisfy lustful desires. But, I'm afraid none of us needs to know history to be acutely aware of this danger. It always flourishes the most whenever there is a collapse of law and order, and never has there been a greater collapse than what we have known. There are among us those that have been victims and suffered the pain and humiliation of being brutally raped and, as women, all of us feel a special compassion for what they were forced to endure. In addition, there are few among us who have not experienced the pain and sadness of loved ones or close friends falling victim to brutal sexual attacks at the hands of deranged and evil men and, more often than not, being murdered in the process."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"In what we have seen today, it is fortunate that the very part of the male body that is used to ruthlessly violate helpless women lends itself to being easily ridiculed to such a profound degree. I speak, of course, of the penis. Even after death, as we have gleefully observed, this male organ still allows itself to be humiliated and degraded to the fullest extent possible. It matters little that the atrocities for which we have personal knowledge were not committed by these particular men. It does not even matter that there were some among them for which rape was not listed among their crimes. All that mattered was that each and every one possessed a penis, and it was only natural for us to associate seeing them being humbled and ridiculed to the vile deeds for which we hold burning resentment. And, in this association, it mattered little that the deeds had been committed by others."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"This is especially true for those that have been victims, and, hopefully, you received a special enjoyment and satisfaction from seeing this part of the male body humiliating itself before you in large number and then being devoured in such a violent and degrading manner. If even in only a small part this has helped to ease some of the pain and suffering you have been forced to endure then this alone will mean our action this day has truly served a noble cause."
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Once again the Supreme Commander was interrupted by an ovation. This time, however, instead of laughter and cheering there was only loud and determined applause - the faces on most of the women displaying looks of fierce and defiant pride. When the crowd quieted down the Supreme Commander once again held the genitals aloft and dangled them back forth. She gleefully sneered at the limp penis and uttered a sarcastic laugh. "It doesn't appear to be very dangerous or powerful now does it? Looking at it in this fashion makes it hard to envision it being responsible for savagely violating hundreds of innocent women. But the facts can not be denied, and we should all be gratified that this penis, and many others of similar guilt, will never ravage and rape an innocent victim again."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Applause again erupted and when Supreme Commander was able to continue her voice vibrated with a sound of triumph. "The others now lay harmlessly in the bellies of lions, but, ironically, fate has apparently intervened in the case of this particular man whose guilt is by far the greatest. Fate has always been referred to as being female, and, in light of what has happened, this certainly appears to be true. Being female, she apparently decided that this evil man who is guilty of such horrendous crimes against those of her kind was deserving of a more fitting destiny."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"When we planed this action it was considered imperative that it be filled with drama and excitement and that the executions be done in a manner that would be highly humiliating and degrading for the victims. In addition, it was felt that the men also deserved to know the meaning of terror since their actions had caused so much of it among countless others. In none of our plans, however, did we consider subjecting them to suffering severe or prolonged pain. Resorting to torture would only serve to bring us down to their barbaric level. As you have seen, the method that was devised enabled this goal to be accomplished in every case but one."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Many options were considered and rejected before the idea of being set upon by lions was brought forth. But, when it was suggested, we knew almost immediately that the perfect method had been found. As women, I'm sure that all of us received a special satisfaction from seeing it being the female of the species striking such fear in the black hearts of these evil men and then killing and ravaging their bodies with awesome savagery. But it was not simply female pride on our part that was the reason for lionesses being used - it was because they were better suited. The female loin is more aggressive and quicker that her male counterpart and, as you have just witnessed, is an extremely efficient hunter with tremendous power that goes for a quick, clean, kill. Most of the men died outright, and the few who didn't were knocked senseless by the impact and felt nothing until death came shortly afterward &#8211; that is - except for one." The Supreme Commander once again held up the limp genitals. "If any man deserved to suffer extreme pain for his vile deeds it was the very one to whose body these belonged &#8211; and fate apparently agreed."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"It was fate that allowed the sex organs of this barbarian to become entangled in the fence and thereby cause him to experience excruciating pain as they were ripped from his body upon being dragged down - and all of this while untold numbers of women, either within this stadium or through televised broadcast, watched and heard the intensity of his screams of agony. And even after his suffering ended and his body torn apart and devoured his sex organs remained caught in the fence to dangle in humiliating display and be observed by countless members of the very sex against whom they had committed so many atrocities. His agony was brief, but, while it lasted, it must have been intense. At the time, only a few of us knew the identity of this man and of the magnitude of his crimes, but now that you are also aware I think you will agree that he got exactly what he deserved - and in a most fitting manner."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander waited for another loud outbreak of applause and cheers to subside and then continued. "I think there might be yet another reason why fate chose for these particular genitals to be spared - a reason that goes beyond simply putting them on display to hang in a degrading manner before countless members of the sex that they had heinously violated on many occasions. Fate seems to have been content to let those of others be eaten by lions, but I think she felt the final resting place for the penis of this evil villain would be more appropriate being digested within the body of that against which it committed so many horrendous deeds &#8211; the body of a woman. In this manner, it would be transform into becoming the flesh of the very sex it had ravaged so brutally. Can any of you think of a more fitting triumph?"

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A cheer came from the audience as the Supreme Commander placed the index finger of her left hand under the limp penis and lifted it until pointing directly at her. She gazed at the cone shaped head for several moments and then said - "You like being inside of a woman don't you fellow? Well, I think that can be arranged one last time although it will be somewhat different than other occasions." She squeezed the shaft as though checking its texture and then nodded in a manner indicating approval. "Yes, I think you'll cook-up just fine. It was within the body of a woman that you were created and now it will be within the body of a woman to which you will return." With this remark she swung the sex organs around her head several times and then flung them in the air. The exposed testicle broke free and flew off to fall unnoticed, but the penis and scrotum containing the remaining testicle were caught on the fly by a young woman who gleefully held them high and waved them back and forth.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Nice catch." The Supreme Commander sang out. "I'm sure you have feasted on this part of the male body on many occasions during the past few years, but, this time, when you sit down to your table you will be undertaking an act having a purpose far beyond that of enjoying a choice delicacy. Yes, savor it to the fullest, but remember that by consuming and having it become a part of your body - the body of a woman - you will achieve what surely must be the most ultimate of triumphs over that which has brutalized hundreds of your fellow sisters. In so doing, you will not only gain retribution on their behalf but symbolically for past sufferings of all womankind."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The stadium once again erupted to the sound of a thunderous ovation, and the faces of the women glowed with looks of defiant pride. The Supreme Commander again made no attempt to stop it and let it die out on its own. She then held up her hand. "This concludes the proceedings for today. We, your chosen leaders, had only your welfare in mind in selecting the method of punishment that has taken place in this stadium and in others. In this regard, however, it will be your judgment, the judgment of women throughout the world, that will say if we acted correctly. I can only hope with all sincerity that what we chose to do has met with your approval."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Every woman in the audience sprang spontaneously to her feet and the air was shattered by the deafening sound of thunderous applause far surpassing any other that had taken place. It went on and on, giving no sign of diminishing. The Supreme Commander closed her eyes and let the uproar flow through her and enhance her feelings of immense relief. Regardless of all the careful planning she had been concerned as to what women's reaction would be when suddenly confronted with the sight of men being slaughtered with such brutal savagery. The experts in human nature had expressed confidence in what the response would be, but, when all was said and done, their predictions could only be based on conjecture since nothing coming close to something of this enormity had ever been trust upon an unsuspecting audience. It was for this reason that she had been unable to shake a lingering doubt that the opinions could be wrong, and instead of excitement, women would be repulsed by what they saw. If this happened there would be no hope of them being able to accept what was still to come which would, by far, be the most crucial of all.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;But, the predictions had proven correct, and if there had been any misjudgment it was in underestimating the degree of excitement and enthusiasm that had been generated. Even the Supreme Commander had not been immune, and she had been somewhat surprised when she found herself being caught up by the events and experiencing the same exhilaration as those around her. She had not thought it possible for such feelings to take place in her from watching men being killed with savage fury - even despised men such as these &#8211; to say nothing of actually finding it to be amusing. Yet, she had openly laughed to a degree that, at times, her sides hurt and tears ran down her face as she watched some of the more comical ways in which naked men, fleeing in wild panic, had been struck down and sent sprawling. It had also come as quite a shock when she realized she had even become sexually aroused and, in so doing, giving irresistible notice to the frantic and humiliating antics taking place between their legs.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was now over. The first of two desperate gambles to save the world had been taken. It had been met with resounding success and, in so doing, would hopefully set the stage for the second. Once again, the Supreme Commander had let her judgment be guided by what she believed in her heart to be the best course of action. Once again, her judgment had proven to be correct. Once again, she had won.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The ovation finally began to subside, and shortly afterward women started making their way toward the exits. They remained in exuberant spirits, however, and laughed and joked as they moved along - many waving hands in the air to emphasize the telling of things they had seen. Identical responses were being repeated in emptying stadiums and theaters around the world. Similar reactions were taking place for women that had become enthralled while watching television in countless homes. The enjoyment, however, was far from being over. Throughout the remainder of the day and late into the night, taped replays of events conducted in different stadiums were televised so that what had taken place in other cities could also be seen. Women, upon reaching their homes, avidly watched one exciting spectacle after another, and the euphoric enthusiasm within them continued unabated. They found themselves looking forward with increasing excitement and curiosity to the highly publicized event scheduled to come the next day. It, like the one they had just witnessed, had been promoted as being something that would be of startling and dramatic proportions. They could not imagine anything being able to come close to having the drama and excitement of what they had just seen, but if the upcoming event lived up to only part of its billing it would certainly be something to behold. Whatever nature it might prove to be, they were certain of one thing - they would definitely be watching.









 THE FUTURE
By C

This story contains graphic descriptions of death and nudity, and is intended for ADULTS ONLY. It is fantasy and intended to be viewed as such. All individuals were created in the writer&#8217;s imagination, and any similarity at actual persons is nothing but coincidence.

PART II
CHAPTER 22
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The following morning saw no wane in the enthusiasm and excitement that had been generated in women throughout the world from what they witnessed the previous day. They also remained in a heightened state of suspense as to what would take place in the upcoming event scheduled to start at one o'clock that afternoon &#8211; an event that had been promoted with the same intensity as that which had so dramatically and unbelievably taken place the day before in an exhilarating manner that defied imagination. The same question was asked time and again. "How could anything possibly come close to matching that?" The hours seemed to drag as they impatiently looked forward with eager anticipation to discover what it would be.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The same high spirited mood could not be said for the Supreme Commander. Her first thought upon awakening was that the day she had been dreading, more than any ever known, had finally arrived. Her determined confidence that she would somehow find the ability to do what would be required, regardless of the difficulty, remained strong, but the realization that the day was now at hand put a damper on the excitement and satisfaction she had experienced the previous day. Even the profound relief she had felt from the outstanding success being achieved had faded and was replaced by a feeling of growing concern. The success that had been gained was indeed highly crucial, but it was nothing compared to the importance of being successful in what lay ahead.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It would be no understatement to say that the future of the world might well hinge on the manner in which women reacted to what was next to come - and success this time not only would rest almost entirely on her shoulders but would be far more difficult to achieve. There would be no advantage of immense drama being created by charging lions and a burning hatred for the victims creating willingness to accept and enjoy seeing them getting what they so justly deserved - regardless of the unbelievable means being used. But now, standing alone, she would have to create similar emotions and passions within women to an extent that they find themselves experiencing the same degree of excitement and enthusiasm, but this time from watching innocent young men being slain instead of despised tyrants - and in a different and far more personal manner.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was not the critical importance of the upcoming event, however, that dominated the Supreme Commander's thoughts. In her entire life she had never killed anything other than an insect. But, in a matter of hours, that would no longer be the case. In a matter of hours she would be looking at the naked body of a young man laying bleeding and lifeless at her feet - a young man she had come to know and admire - a young man for whom she felt compassion - a young man containing courage, innocence, and virtue of an extent she had seldom encountered - a young man she would have been honored and proud to have called her son - a young man with everything to live for but whose live would soon come to a sudden end - a life that would suddenly end by an act of violence committed by her own hand.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;And, if taking his life was not bad enough it wouldn't stop there. She must look to be full of excitement and merriment when proceeding to taunt his nakedness - ridicule it - make fun of it - even play with it. And then, when butchering his still warm body, she must do so while giving the appearance of regarding it no different than she would the carcass of an animal. And, all, all of this, being done while practically every woman in the world would be watching. Throughout the entire episode, she must constantly give an outward impression of immensely enjoying herself and finding it all to be highly amusing.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;For a reason she could not explain, she had no longer been harboring serious doubts that she would be unable to carry out such a difficult and demanding pretense. Ever since the morning following the Summit she had felt a strange sense of having gained an inner understanding of something. She did not know exactly what this something was or its significance - it seemed to be floating just out of reach - but, for some reason, she had found her feelings of anguish and torment being eased. They had by no means gone away, but it was something she had at least been able to live with.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Whatever this awareness was, however, it had not done a great deal toward easing her pain and dread from thinking of the part she must play, but it nevertheless left her feeling confident that the immense importance would enable her to find the ability to do what would be required - regardless of the difficulty. She had little doubt that when it was over she would pay a price extracting a lasting and heavy emotional toll that would be extremely difficult to endure - especially since her high position would demand hanging his mounted head and genitals on display in her office and would, therefore, be a constant reminder.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander dressed that morning and took care of last minute details which kept her occupied for several hours. She then left home and proceeded to drive to the compound where the young man destined to be her victim was being held. His name was Tom. She had received a report the previous evening containing news which she knew would make him extremely happy and relieve him of a great deal of anxiety. Upon reading the report, she had not hesitated in deciding to give the information to him personally even though she knew that talking with him on the very morning in which he had only a few hours left would be extremely painful.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She could, of course, have had the message given to him by someone else, but she knew it would far more meaningful for it to come from her. It would be extremely difficult to find a young man more deserving to live than he, yet, because of her he would be the first to die. She felt she owed him a great deal, and if talking with him again would make him joyfully happy during his final hours then it would be the least she could do - regardless of the additional pain that it would surely create for herself.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;As the Supreme Commander drove toward her destination, she found her thoughts turning to the day, two weeks ago, when she had first met and talked with Tom. He had been the one she was leaning toward from the start after reading the reports used in selecting the ten young men she interviewed, and, for this reason, she met with the others first and saved Tom for last. All of them had been of outstanding character, and her heart had gone out to each in knowing that they had only a short while to live. But, Tom had hardly walked through the door before she knew her initial impression had been correct and that he would indeed be the one. He had a splendid physique and was strikingly handsome, but, instead of self-centered conceit or arrogance, he was extremely shy, sensitive, and filled with compassion. He was also only twenty three years old.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;During the interview, Tom never suspected the Supreme Commander's true identity, but her manner and bearing left him little doubt that she was someone of high authority. He appeared almost in awe that a woman of such importance was not only taking time to sit and chat casually with him, but she treated him with such kindness that she seemed to have a genuine concern for his welfare. She expressed regret for it being necessary to continue keeping him, along with all other men, in confinement for the immediate present and seemed to find it important that he know the reason. She described the extent of disorder and devastation that still existed, and explained that it would only add to the confusion if a massive number of men returned to a society that had not yet had time to establish a means for it to be done with some semblance of order.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Tom had nodded in a manner indicating he understood and showed no resentment from being held. He had, of course, already been told this, as had all men, but he seemed deeply impressed that a women of such high importance was taking time to explain it to him personally as though it mattered to her for him to fully comprehend. But then the Supreme Commander, using a confidential tone, revealed something he had not been told before. She said the years of constant combat had placed a tremendous mental stress on those involved, and it had been found that many would need help in learning how to adjust to living in society before being allowed to return. "It is only by continuing to confine all men" - she had said - "that we will be able to identify those needing help and see that they receive it. If we were to release any of them prematurely they would find themselves unable to adapt and might well prove to be a danger not only to themselves but to others around them."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme commander was somewhat startled to see a flash of anger in Tom's eyes that faded into a faraway look indicating her words had sparked a remembrance for which he felt extreme emotion. "You're right about that ma&#8217;am." He said. "There's a lot of guys out there that need help - maybe a lot more than you realize." The anger in his eyes returned as he continued with his voice filled with emotion. "But some of them are just plain mean &#8211; real mean. Maybe the war caused it, but I don't know if any kind of help will change them now. It would be dangerous, real dangerous, to turn any of those bastards loose. I've seen way too much not to know what would happen. They would be a threat to anyone they came across." His voice quivered with both anger and disgust as he added - "Especially for a woman." He suddenly hesitated - becoming aware of the extent that he had let himself get carried away - and then his face turned red as he recalled his choice of words. "Er.. excuse my language ma&#8217;am." He stammered.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Tom's unexpected outburst revealed even more insight into his character for which the Supreme Commander was gaining increasing admiration. In spite of his young age, he had undoubtedly witnessed and experienced a great deal. He had served on the front lines for years, and his record included an impressive list of citations for acts of valor and bravery while under fire &#8211; many involving putting himself at risk to save fellow soldiers. Yet, he seemed to be remarkably unaffected, and, instead of giving the appearance of being a hardened veteran, he blushed with a boyish innocence that was most refreshing to see.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She gave him a kind, lighthearted, smile. "Please, you have nothing to apologize for. I can assure you there have been times I have said far worse." She gazed at him with her eyes showing a tender look of warmhearted sincerity. "It's too bad all men are not like you. If they were, I am quite certain there would be no reason for any woman to have cause for fear, and we wouldn't find ourselves in the midst of such an ungodly mess." Her words made Tom blush and glance away.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander assured Tom that they had no intention of releasing men found to be dangerous but then changed the subject and talked of various things that outwardly seemed to be of little importance but, in reality, were aimed at revealing even more insight into his feelings, nature, and character. It was in this manner that she found him to have a sense of caring and warm-heartedness to a depth she knew to be extremely rare - at least extremely rare in men.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She also found that her increasing respect and admiration were being joined by feelings of growing compassion and tenderness. Tom was truly a remarkable person, and she wondered why she was continuing when there was no longer any doubt that her search had ended. He would be the one she would choose, and she was only making what lay ahead far more difficult and painful, yet, for some reason, she felt a compelling urge to know as much about him as possibly.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The interview lasted much longer than the Supreme Commander intended, and it was almost with reluctance she realized that she could no longer delay attending to numerous pressing duties. "It&#8217;s been a pleasure talking with you Tom." She said while glancing at her watch. "But I'm afraid I've let the time slip up on me. Before I go, however, is there anything you need in which I might be of some assistance?" He hesitated for a moment, as though about to say something but then, unable to find the courage, looked away. "Please!" She encouraged, "I can see that there is something, and I would really like to help if I can." "Well.., er.." He stammered. "You see there's this.., er.., this girl.., and.., er.., well I've sorter been worrying about if she's OK. I know it's asking a lot, but if you could.., er.., maybe find out it would mean a great deal."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commanders eyebrows rose in what she intended to be a look of mock surprise but was also partially genuine. An amused look then came on her face. "Oh..? I was under the impression that you young soldiers had been kept far too busy to find time for having any romantic involvements. Tom's face turned crimson, and he hurriedly stammered out an explanation. "Oh! It's nothing like that ma&#8217;am. I only met her one time. You see, she.., er.., had gotten into some.., er.., trouble and I.., er.., I was sorter able to help. It was a few years ago, and I'm sure she doesn't even remember me. But I couldn't help but remember her. She was very afraid, but she showed so much strength and courage - more that most men I know - that she made.., er.., an impression, and I've.., er.., I've thought about her a lot since. I can't help but worry about her and would like to know if she's OK - that's all."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander looked at Tom, and her face displayed a mischievous smile. "She wouldn't also happen to be pretty &#8211; would she?" Tom's face again turned red with such deep embarrassment that she immediately regretted having made this last remark. His reaction, however, left little doubt of the answer. "I'm sorry, Tom." She said. "That was uncalled for. I'll be more than happy to try and find out anything I can."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander had sat in silence after Tom departed. She looked at the information written on a pad containing a girl's name and home town. She wondered what had truly taken place. Tom's account had been vague to say the least, but it was obvious that whatever "trouble" the girl had encountered had been far more serious than the casual manner in which it had been mentioned. She remembered the intensity of his emotional outburst in warning of the extreme danger that some men would pose toward women if released, and it gave her a strong suspicion as to the nature of what type of "trouble" it had been. There was one thing, however, for which there could be no doubt. Tom might have "met" the girl only once, but whatever had taken place had resulted in far more than him being merely "impressed". He was obviously deeply in love.

&nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander again glanced at the pad. She would make the inquiry, as promised, although she knew the odds would be against the girl still being alive. Far more women had perished during the final years of the war than had managed to survive. She though of Tom, and her heart went out to him in knowing that the chances were against the girl he deeply loved being alive. Then, with a start, she came back to reality. Her feelings of sadness toward him had momentarily caused her to lost sight of the fact that in two weeks it wouldn't matter to him, one way or the other, what the girl's fate might have been - or about anything else for that matter. In two weeks - he would be dead.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander's thoughts of that first meeting were interrupted as she pulled into the parking area of the compound. It had been the report on her inquiry she received the previous evening that was the reason for the unscheduled trip. The girl in question had managed to defy the odds and was indeed still alive. It was this news that the she felt obligated to personally relay to Tom and, at least for his final few hours, enable him to be full of happiness.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The report also contained some of the details as to what "trouble" Tom had helped the girl out of. Her suspicions had proven to be correct as to the nature, but Tom had displayed courage going far beyond anything she envisioned and served to provide even greater insight into the remarkable character of the young man whose life she would shortly take.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She made her way to the same room of their first meeting and found Tom was already there. He showed obvious pleasure at seeing her again, and the sight of his young and innocent face made it extremely difficult to maintain her composure and conceal the deep pain she felt. Her heart went out to him as she gazed at him for several moments and then, in spite of her inner turmoil, managed to display a warm and bright smile. "I have wonderful news Tom. I have just received word that Lisa is alive and in good health."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Tom sat motionless for several moments and then his eyes became moist as his face registered a look of profound relief. The pain within the Supreme Commander increased, and she felt her own eyes beginning to water. It was with great difficulty that she managed to conceal the depth of her sadness and, instead, appear lighthearted and happy. "You were rather vague in telling what took place, but Lisa was more than willing to provide the details. You put yourself in great peril and showed tremendous courage in not only saving her from being sexually assaulted by a group of thugs, but, in all likelihood, saved her life as well. And then you watched over her in a most gallant manner until you were able to take her safely home." The Supreme Commander shook her head. "And you thought that she wouldn't remember? My God! How could she possibly forget? She spoke of you with a great deal of tenderness and made it quite clear in no uncertain terms of being anxious to see you again.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander gave him a warm smile. "Tom, very few men would have done what you did, and, from the start of our first meeting, I was impressed with your honesty and sincerity. You are truly a remarkable young man, and, for this reason, I have taken steps for you to be given special consideration. It will take a few hours for the final details to be taken care of, but, after that, you will be set free. I wouldn't be at all surprised to find you and Lisa not only being together in a few days but staying that way."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Tom was speechless for a few moments before managing to stammer his gratitude. "Th.. th.. thank you ma&#8217;am. This has got to be the happiest day of my life. When I first saw you I could tell there was something very special about you, but I had no idea that you would go to such trouble for a nobody like me." His remarks only served to make the pain within the Supreme Commander even more unbearable and she knew she would be unable to maintain her composure much longer. She pressed a button to signal the guard and gave him a pleasant smile. "Thank you Tom. I would like to stay and talk longer, but I only had time to stop by and tell you the wonderful news. I'm afraid I have an extremely busy day ahead." The guard entered at this time and motioned to Tom that it was time for him to leave. He rose and then hesitated a moment. "Thank you again ma&#8217;am. You are truly a very kind and warmhearted woman."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The parting words struck the Supreme Commander like a dagger, and her eyes brimmed with tears. She had known this second meeting would only increase the compassion and anguish she had come to feel for Tom, but it had been much greater than anticipated. It would certainly make the ordeal that lay ahead far more difficult and painful, but in her heart she knew that if given another chance she would do the same. She recalled the look that came over his face upon hearing that the girl he loved was safe, and it left little doubt that the news had been far more meaningful coming from her.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;There was also no doubt that, at that very moment, he was experiencing feelings of exhilarating joy and happiness which had been greatly enhanced by her saying that he would soon be free and would probably be together with his girl in a few days. She had not exactly lied, at least when viewed in a kind of abstract way, but she might as well have. There would be no reason for him to suspect any hidden meanings, and he could only interpret them as had been implied - which was exactly what she wanted.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She knew there would be many who would consider it being very cruel on her part to build the young man's hopes to such a high degree when, in truth, he had only hours to live. But she didn't look at it in this manner and had made the remarks solely for his behalf. She saw nothing wrong in misleading him if it would let him be truly happy for what little time remained. It would only be at the very end that his hopes would be dashed, and the disillusionment that would follow would only last a few minutes. After that, it would be over, and he would no longer be capable of feeling anything ever again. No, she did not regret misleading him and would do the same again. She had made the pain in her own heart much greater, but, in so doing, the few hours he had left would probably be the happiest of his life. Surely this could not be wrong - regardless of how brief it might last. With this thought in mind the Supreme Commander, with a heavy heart, rose from behind the desk and slowly left the room.









THE FUTURE
By C
This story contains graphic descriptions of death and nudity, and is intended for ADULTS ONLY. It is fantasy and intended to be viewed as such. All individuals were created in the writer&#8217;s imagination, and any similarity at actual persons is nothing but coincidence.

PART II
CHAPTER 23
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The hour to start the second event arrived with women, throughout the world, experiencing almost unbelievable excitement, enthusiasm, and curiosity. The location was a large, indoor arena having a capacity of over twenty thousand, and, as on the day before, binoculars were provided to each spectator. Unlike the previous day, there would be no simultaneous activity in other cities, but it was being televised live throughout the world. Throngs of women crowded into movie theaters to take advantage of large screens. The remainder of the female population sat in groups or by themselves while being glued to television sets.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The floor of the arena had been eagerly scanned at the first opportunity in hopes of gaining a clue as to the nature of what was about to occur, but there was not a great deal to be seen. The most prominent feature had been five, large, rectangular tables with a smaller table adjacent to each. But, all of these had been covered to conceal whatever the surfaces might contain. A monorail ran over each of the tables from which hung an electric hoist on a motorized trolley, and there were also a number of metal frames connected by parallel rows of steel rods resembling something from which clothing might be hung except for being far sturdier.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The only other objects were a speaker's podium standing close to a long, rectangular table which was also covered, and, finally, a small table in the very center of the floor. This last table was the only one not covered, but it made little difference since its surface was empty. As in the previous day, the spectators had been mystified as to what significance such seemingly unimpressive surroundings could play in an event that had been advertised and promoted to such a heightened degree.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A mummer of surprise passed through the audience when the Supreme Commander walked onto the floor. She was dressed in a short, dark pink, athletic type skirt and a soft, tight fitting, light pink sweater that not only molded around her breasts but jiggled with such freedom it was obvious she wore nothing underneath. On past occasions, whether appearing on television or in public, she had always worn conservative attire, and it was something of a shock to see her in such an outfit. It was almost as if she were trying to draw attention more to the fact of being a woman rather than the undisputed leader of the entire world. This had indeed been her intent, and it proved to be highly successful. Her shapely legs, curved hips, and full breasts clearly revealed that, undisputed world leader or not, there was nothing about her that was not clearly all female.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;As the Supreme Commander took her place behind the podium her face appeared calm and composed in a manner that successfully concealed the inner turmoil, apprehension, and pain surging within. In a clear and steady voice she began her address that was being heard by practically every member of the female population throughout the world - over two hundred and fifty million strong. She began by telling of the scientific failure to find a genetic cause for male violence and, as a result, any man released to society might prove to be a threat - regardless of how carefully they had been screened.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She told of the large disparity between the size of the male and female populations and described how it would be impossible for them to continue holding a male population of such magnitude for an indefinite period of time. She made no attempt to hide grave concerns as to the serious dangers women would face from this seemingly unsolvable dilemma. She followed these remarks with a brief but emotional reminder of what had been disclosed during the televised campaign regarding the hardship, pain, and suffering that not only themselves, but women throughout history had been forced to endure from living in societies controlled by men.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander's remarks served to fan feelings of concern, fear, resentment, and hostility toward not just a segment, but the entire male population. Such had been her intent, but she was somewhat surprised at finding her verbal attack being more inflammatory than originally intended but, in so doing, being far more effective as she used words and thoughts that just seemed to spring from within. She made reference to the brutality of male violence and stated that the manner in which men have always acted made one wonder if there was not some type of flaw within them all that had been present since their earliest beginning.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She found herself repeatedly using the words &#8216;violence&#8217; and &#8216;war&#8217; and gave an emotional description of what a future world could be like if only men could learn to live in harmony. "Such a world", she had stated, "would fulfill a dream that has existed in the heart of every woman." She then vented her frustration at males for apparently being blind to the beauty of what could be achieved and, instead, appeared obsessed with trying to find a means that would not only destroy themselves but all that was around them.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"This time, they almost succeeded." She stated with venom. "But even now they will not have learned a lesson and, given time, would return once again to practicing their insane and bloody follies". She looked at the audience whose expressions of both anger and fear clearly revealed she was achieving the emotional state for which she strived. She could only hope it would be of sufficient magnitude to carry them through the impact of what was next to be revealed.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;In so doing, she did not hesitate in giving a description the impending crisis that loomed ahead because of a critical shortage of food. She held nothing back and made no attempt to soften the blow. She explained that the extent of the shortage was so acute that not only were they being confronted with massive starvation, but, even with a maximum effort and extreme good fortune, it would take at least five years to be able to produce a quantity needed to become self sufficient.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She then told of what lay ahead if a solution could not be found. Men would revolt and gain their freedom when the means no longer existed for them to be fed and, when finding themselves in the midst of a world suffering the ravages of starvation, would act as men have always acted. She continued by giving a vivid description of how they would start preying upon each other when no other source of food could be found, and she made no attempt to soften the horrendous fate that would especially befall women at the hands of desperate, half-crazed, bands of men roaming the countryside who would first satisfy depraved sexual desires before savagely slaughtering their hapless victims.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"The world would once again be plunged into violence, rape, and war." She had concluded. "And this time nothing could be done to stop it. It would be of a horror and madness far surpassing anything that has ever existed and for which there could be but one end - the extinction of what would have become the last remnants of the human race."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander paused at this point and looked around. There was stunned silence throughout the arena, and expressions of extreme shock and dismay displayed on faces gave clear evidenced of unquestioned acceptance of what she had said. She continued in a calm and confident manner that others would later marvel when considering the extraordinary circumstances. "Each of you is fully aware that this is not the first time we have found ourselves on the brink of starvation. It was exceedingly difficult, but we had no other choice but to start using the only source of nourishment that could be obtained - the flesh of men killed in battle."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"In time, as is nature&#8217;s way, we found ourselves getting over the trauma and being able to accept what, at first, had been looked upon as being almost unthinkable. As a result, a point was reached where women, the world over, came to regard the body of a human male as being a routine source of food and, yes.., even one that was remarkably desired. But, as desirable as it proved to be, none of us ever regarded this action as something that would not cease the moment it no longer became a necessity, which is what happened when the war ended."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander again paused and looked at the women's faces. The expressions of shock and fear remained, and it was clear they failed to grasp the direction she was heading. But, that would not last for long. She continued, with her voice retaining the same calm and confident tone. "The food shortage that now confronts us is far more severe than anything we faced before. Regardless of the magnitude, however, we are not without hope. There is a way open that will prevent the suffering, chaos, atrocity, anarchy, and eventual human annihilation that I described from taking place and, in so doing, provide sufficient sustenance to enable us to survive."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"In using the word "us" I mean exactly what it implies. I am referring to members of the female population. There is only one ample source of nourishment available, and it is no different now than it was before - the flesh of the human male. Once again we find ourselves faced with having no other choice but to turn to this source as our only means of survival. This time, however, there must be a profound difference in how it is obtained. This time, there is no longer a war raging around us to provide numerous bodies killed in the fighting. This time, it will be up to women to perform that which will be required to make this food available."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Looks of confusion registered on the women's faces as their shocked and numbed minds tried to grapple with wondering if their leader truly meant to imply what they thought they had just heard. They were not long in finding the answer as the she continued. "You are aware of the recent Summit attended by myself and the women that are the elected leaders of each country in the world. During these proceedings, I introduced a resolution calling for approval of taking the only course of action open to prevent the horrors I described from becoming a reality. I can assure you that every possible alternative was considered before this resolution was presented. The members of the Summit were forced to make a painful and agonizing decision, but, in the end, they found there to be no alternative. It was for this reason that, without a single dissenting vote, they adopted the resolution as presented &#8211; a resolution that called for men to continue being held so that they may be slain and the bodies used for food."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A gasp went through the audience, and the Supreme Commander waited for it to subside before continuing. "I know this comes as a profound shock but, as I have said, it is the only way. There is no longer a war to provide this means, and we must therefore rely on what has always been the method of obtaining food during peaceful times. It has to be &#8216;harvested&#8217;, and, although the &#8216;what&#8217; and &#8216;how&#8217; in this case will be far different than at any other time in history, the end result of providing sustenance for our tables will be the same. And, as to the &#8216;how&#8217;, no effort will be made to conceal anything that will be taking place. In fact, to the contrary, every aspect will be conducted openly to the point of even proving facilities to enable public viewing as well as being shown in televised broadcast. I know this strikes you as being somewhat questionable, but, for many reasons, making these features available is being done solely for your benefit which, in time, you will come to understand."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Instead of trying to describe any of this, it will be far more effective for you to witness it taking place. For this reason, you are going to be given a demonstration that will not only serve as an introduction but will, in fact, be the first of what will be an almost infinite number of "harvesting" the primary source of food upon which we must rely for the next five years. Before commencing, however, I must tell you that you will find yourselves being surprised and questioning the purpose for much of what you will see. I assure you that everything which will take place was the result of careful planning aimed at achieving a specific objective."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"This objective has but one purpose - to do everything within our power that will best serve your welfare. Much of this will not be readily apparent at first, but I beg you to accept there being valid reasons and, thereby, accept all that will be taking place. Every feature not only has my strong endorsement but that of every one of your elected leaders. In order to show the full extent of this unified support, we will all take an active part in conducting this demonstration."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I again stress that you will find yourselves being shocked at first, but please do not let it overwhelm you to the extent that it prevents making an effort to accept it being done for your benefit. It will be impossible for you not to soon find yourself experiencing a wide range of emotions, but how you react to these emotions can be controlled by no one but you. I ask you to remember all you have learned recently in the televised broadcasts about the immense value that comes from allowing inner feelings break free. I implore you to allow such feelings to be released in their entirety and to openly accept each and every one - regardless of the nature or how shocking it might be. If you can do this you will find yourselves beginning to receive some of the benefits of which I speak and, in so doing, start to understand the purpose for why it is being done."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"But, as important as this is, there one thing you must keep in mind above all else. You must never loose sight of the fact it was not women who created the profound crisis that confronts us and forces taking such drastic action - it was the ruthless and insane actions of males. It is males, and males alone, that are the sole cause, and it is they, not ourselves, who must bear the full blame for what we are being forced to do." With this remark the Supreme Commander stepped from the podium and walked to the covered rectangular table.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;For a few minutes nothing happened other than a mummer going through the audience as they wondered what they were about to see. Many had begun to guess the purpose the motorized hoists and large tables would serve as well as to what would soon be hanging from the rows of steel rods. But, beyond this, they were unsure exactly what to expect. Their leader had strongly implied they were going to see men being killed, but there was nothing on the floor giving any evidence of how this would be done. They looked around expecting to see some type of apparatus being brought out, but all they saw was their leader standing calmly in a manner that appeared to be almost nonchalant.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Inwardly, the Supreme Commander was anything but calm or nonchalant, and it had taken an increasing effort on her part to maintain this appearance. She had been strengthened in some strange manner by whatever it was that had subconsciously influenced much of the manner in which she had delivered her speech, but it was not enough to offset the apprehension beginning to build now that the crucial moment was at hand. The entire future of the world might well hinge on how the women in the audience and the two hundred and fifty million watching on television would react to what they were about to see.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She felt confident that she had succeeded in emotionally and mentally preparing them as well as could be expected - but, had it been enough? And, even if it had, would she be able to convincingly perform the difficult task that lay ahead when the slightest sign of hesitation or reluctance could spell disaster. The feeling of confidence started to fade, and she began to feel self-doubt. She desperately wanted to close her eyes and try to collect herself but could not risk doing even this. All she could do was try to appear indifferent while gazing into a passage that led from beneath the stands.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The interior of the passage was visible only at floor level and could not be observed from the stands. The doors at the far end opened, and, once again, the Supreme Commander saw Tom - but in a far different manner than he had been earlier in the day. His chest and legs were bare, and a white towel was warped around his waste. His hands were tied behind his back, and he was between two large women that were each forcefully holding an arm. A third woman followed behind. The Supreme Commander only briefly noted Tom's sparse attire before her attention was drawn to his familiar face - a face for which she had come to feel a great amount of admiration and compassion. The immense joy and happiness she had last seen it display was gone and had been replaced by a look of total confusion and bewilderment.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She felt her woman's heart go out to him, and her eyes began to moisten along with a tightening in her throat. She immediately realized it had been a mistake to look at his face and, fighting desperation, looked toward the audience in an attempt to divert her thoughts. The makeup, as had been the day before, was comprised almost entirely of women that were very young, but it was not this fact caught her attention - it was in failing to see a single face that did not register a look of extreme grief and anxiety.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The expressions of distress had an immediate and sobering effect. It was for these women and the millions upon millions like them that was the sole purpose for her even being here. Their welfare mattered far more than either Tom or her. It would be for them for which she would be taking his life, and it would be for them for which she would bear the sadness and pain it would bring afterward. The gaining of this awareness caused a strange phenomenon to occur. Her feelings of anxiety remained, but something within that had an almost dreamlike quality seemed to take control.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She again turned her attention to Tom but, this time, kept her eyes from his face and looked at his bare chest instead. She first noticed that the hair was unusually thick for one so young, and it was only natural that the next objects of her attention were the dark, areola, of his small nipples. She had no outward awareness of it at the time, but her anxiety began subconsciously to subside as her eyes instinctively started to wander over his body.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Her tension continued to diminish as she began taking in details of his appealing and impressive physique. She became so focused that she was not even aware of something beginning to stir within as she admired his broad shoulders and muscular ripples merging into the flatness of his abdomen. Her gaze continued downward to the white towel, and a sudden tingle surged through her upon seeing a distinctive bulge in the center that was made even more noticeable by the fact that it constantly jiggled with a freedom making it obvious he wore nothing underneath.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The sight had been so captivating that she unconsciously found herself unable to take her eyes from the tantalizing movement that became more defined as Tom drew nearer and left little doubt of the cause being quite impressive. The thin fabric seemed to become transparent, and the tingling sensation and awakening emotions within her continued to build as her mind visualized the activity taking place.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A loud mummer went through the audience when a scantly clad and bewildered young man being physically escorted by three women emerged from a passage that entered the floor of the arena. The shock of seeing thousands of women looking at his brief attire caused him to stop and try to pull back. But the women on each side held firm, and the third came up and pushed from behind. Their combined strength quickly overcame his resistance, and he could do nothing but stumble forward with his face turning red while registering a look of profound embarrassment. He was brought to a halt a short distance in front of the Supreme Commander, and the woman that had followed knelt and quickly tied his feet. She and the other two then turned and departed leaving him standing helpless and unable to do anything but look about in wild confusion.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The emotions within the Supreme Commander continued to build as she watched Tom approach, and by the time he had been brought to a halt she was almost trembling with excitement. She became so caught up that she was not even aware of a dramatic and unexpected change having taken place within her. She looked into his embarrassed and bewildered face but, this time, instead of being overcome by sadness, found her excitement continuing to increase. It was not that she had lost any of the compassion she felt toward him, but it was as though it had been overshadowed by something of far greater value. The emotions surging within her, however, had reached such magnitude that she gave no thought to this seeming conflict as she stepped forward.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was only when she was directly in front of Tom that his bewildered state enabled him to realize who she was, and a look of relief flooded across his face as recognition set in. It was obvious he took her presence to mean that she was about to intercede on his behalf and correct whatever dreadful mistake had been made. "Ma&#8217;am..! Thank God you're here!" He stammered.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Instead of responding with words of encouragement, however, she smiled mischievously, reached down, grasped the top of the towel, and, with a swift jerk, yanked it away. His look of relief evaporated into one of stunned, disbelief and left him standing speechless - and naked. His confused face turned even redder as it registered acute embarrassment.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The women in the audience had been caught off guard by the unexpected suddenness of the Supreme Commander's action and, after an initial gasp, sat in stunned silence for several minutes. It did not take long for them to recover, however, and the air was soon filled with the sounds of feminine laughter and giggles. The Supreme Commander stepped back, and her eyes wandered briefly over Tom's body before her gaze settled on what hung from a thick patch of pubic hair. Her initial impression had proven to be correct - the sight was indeed impressive. His penis was long even in its flaccid state - the limp shaft thick and heavy. The cone shaped head stood out with prominence as did the twin bulges in his scrotum.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It would have been impossible for the Supreme Commander to have envisioned herself capable of reacting in the manner in which she found herself doing. It was as though something totally beyond her power had taken control and turned her into a different person. And, the excitement building within her had been so refreshing and exhilarating she could not have stopped even if desired.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She stared intently at the intriguing display hanging between Tom's legs and knew that thousands of binoculars were being focused in the same direction as were cameras transmitting a close-up image to countless movie screens and millions upon millions of television sets. The realization that it was she who had exposed his nakedness to be viewed by practically every woman in the world caused even greater excitement to surge through her.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was almost with reluctance that she took her eyes away, but when she looked up she could not help but laugh at the expression of dumfounded disbelief and extreme embarrassment being registered on Tom's glowing face. The direction of her gaze had been quite obvious, and he was finding it inconceivable that the compassionate woman he had come to hold in high esteem could have not only stripped him before a large audience of women but had then stepped back to stare at what had been revealed with unashamed boldness.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She remembered his extreme modesty and wondered what his reaction would be if aware that, in addition to the thousands of women in the stands, every intimate detail was, at that very moment, being viewed by over two hundred and fifty million others. A mischievous smile came on her face, and her eyes danced with mirth as she looked into his stupefied face and laughingly said, "I'll say this for you Tom my boy - you're damn well hung". His face turned and even deeper shade of red and his mouth dropped open in such stunned disbelief that she again was unable to keep from laughing.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She continued to look with amusement at Tom standing naked, embarrassed, and bewildered before her and appeared to take no notice as two women assistants came forward and removed the cover from the table beside her. The same could not be said, however, for the members of the audience, and they let out a loud gasp when they saw what was revealed. Up to this point, the pleasing and enjoyable sight of the young man's naked body and the amusement of observing his extreme embarrassment had managed, at least partially, to take their minds from the shocking and numbing impact at learning the enormity of the impending crisis and being told the only way it could be avoided.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When the Supreme Commander had finished her remarks, they had expected to see some type of menacing apparatus being brought out upon which men would be slain. They had waited with growing dread and apprehension, but, instead of deadly apparatus, they were greeted with the unexpected sight of a scantily clad young man being forcefully led onto the arena floor. They remembered being told to expect seeing things that would be unusual, and, after an initial reaction of surprise, most assumed this was some type of amusing interlude to help break the tension and give them time to gather their composure before seeing men that would surely be much older being brought out to be killed.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;This assumption had been reinforced by the playfully manner in which the Supreme Commander yanked away the towel, and the impressive size of what had been revealed gave the impression that the young man had been brought out simply to be viewed. The women had seen nothing indicating anything ominous awaiting him, and they had begun to relax and found themselves enjoying the pleasing and exciting details of his nakedness while, at the same time, being amused at the extent of his bewilderment and embarrassment - a reaction that was further encouraged when, somewhat to their surprised, they saw that their highly respected leader openly doing the same.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;In fact, when The Supreme Commander begun laughing in a manner that was obviously genuine, many in the audience began to wonder if they might have possibly misinterpreted her earlier remarks as to what was about to occur. Maybe they weren't going to observe men actually being killed. Maybe they were going to see bodies that had been slain elsewhere being brought out to be butchered on the tables.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;This possibility seemed to make sense except that it would hardly be anything approaching the dramatic proportions that had been implied. After all, they had been cutting up men's naked bodies for years to the point of having become almost commonplace. But then, in thinking about it, they had never sat in a large audience of fellow women in a spectator-like atmosphere to watch such activity being done before them, and they had to admit there was something intriguing in contemplating this prospect.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;An increasing number found themselves coming to this conclusion and, in any event, there didn't appear to be any impending threat to the young man below - or so they thought until two women walked out and lifted the cover from the table revealing five large hunting bows and a long row of arrows with gleaming, razor sharp, points.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The women sat in stunned silence after their initial reaction of shock. They watched in disbelief as the Supreme Commander, in an almost casual manner, picked up a bow and an arrow, turned sideways to the young man standing before her, inserted the notch of the arrow into the bow string, drew it back to its full extension, and aimed it at his left breast.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The emotions and excitement that had been surging within the Supreme Commander swelled to a fever pitch as she performed this task and, with the arrow pointing at Tom's bare chest, felt a strong urge to see what his reaction had been. She glanced at his face and saw him staring, transfixed, at the gleaming point. His once red face had grown pale in registering a new expression - extreme fear - extreme fear being caused by her.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;In years of combat he had performed many acts requiring almost unbelievable courage and bravery, but now, because of her, he appeared to be on the verge of panic. The realization caused her excitement to surge even higher while, at the same time, triggering a remembrance of the night she had visualized her husband standing naked before her in the same manner.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Recollections of that vision and the intense emotions it had brought forth flooded through her, and she realized it was being duplicated in a way that was almost unreal. Everything she had envisioned that night and the excitement she had felt were being repeated in a manner that was almost exactly the same - the charged atmosphere of the brightly lit arena - the emotions building within - in fact, all that was taking place. But, this was not something occurring in her imagination. This was real. And the exhilaration surging through her was real.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Practically everything was the same - the only difference being that it was Tom and not her husband standing naked, embarrassed, and bewildered before her. Yet, even here, there was remarkable similarity. Like her husband, Tom was someone for whom she had come to feel a great amount of compassion and tenderness. And, like her husband, she had gained a deep insight into his very nature. She knew of his shyness, his inner emotions, his courage, his extreme modesty, his almost childlike innocence, his compassion, his strong character, his outstanding qualities, - even the depth of love he held for a young woman.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She gazed at Tom and, as had happened toward her husband in her vision, found herself becoming acutely aware that, in moments, all of these things within him, and so much more, would cease to exist - completely vanish in a single instant. In moments, his young, muscular, and vibrant body would be laying sprawled before her - unable to ever again experience human thought, feelings, or emotions - unable to ever again see, hear, touch, or make the slightest movement. In moments, he would be dead - and it would be because of her.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;As had happened in her vision, the awareness that she was about to witness the devastating enormity of violent human death caused an eerie feeling of fascination came over her, and she found herself wondering what the experience of seeing it take place would actually be like. Yet, as had also happened in her vision, her heightened excitement, her exhilaration, her fascination, did not keep her from knowing that the life about to come to a violent end was one for which she cared a great deal.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She had come to feel deep compassion for this young man - quite possibly, even approaching that which she would have given a son. Nothing that had taken place within her had lessened this feeling of caring, and she knew it would remain afterward.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Once again, as had happened in her vision, she realized it would not be the one about to die that would pay the greatest price. For Tom, the ability to have feelings or awareness of anything, in moments, would be over. For her, they would continue and the pain and sadness must be lived with. She was about to perform an unselfish act and, in so doing, offer a deep, personal, sacrifice so that a far greater need of others could be fulfilled. As had happened in her vision, she found her heart surging with a feeling of immense humility and pride in being given this opportunity to serve a cause that was truly noble - and the moment was at hand.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander bent her head sideways, looked down the arrow, and steadied her aim. A strange calm came over her and, in spite of the intense emotions surging within, found herself concentrating on the instructions she had been given. Her calm and deliberate manner clearly indicated to Tom that action was imminent and brought him out of his trance. She heard his quivering voice uttering a panicked plea. "Ma&#8217;am..! What have I done..? You said I was going to be set free!"

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"You are", was her soft reply. She did not look up as she spoke but continued to sight down the shaft of the arrow, centered the gleaming point on the brown circle of his left nipple, took a deep breath, slowly let it out, took another, and let it out halfway. Holding her partially expelled breath, she brought the point inward and downward until it was pointing at the spot she knew to be directly over the center of his heart. Her concentration had become so intense that she pictured in her mind the numerous times she had practiced this same thing using a life size picture of a man's chest as a target. It was only at the last moment that reality came and realization flooded through her that her target this time was no longer a paper image but was flesh and blood.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;This was no longer practice - this was the real thing. A tingling sensation of exhilarating excitement and suspense flooded through her as her fingers slipped smoothly off the taut string. She felt her unrestrained breasts quiver from jarring force of the unleashed power, heard the brief swish of the arrow in flight, heard the thud of its impact that was softer from those in practice, and then heard a slicing sound that was new - the last coinciding with a startled cry uttered by Tom that was abruptly cut short and became a gurgling sound which faded into an audible sigh of breath being expelled - then, there was silence.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She had expected Tom to cry out far louder in brief but intense anguish, his face grimacing in pain, and fall almost immediately. This had been the reaction of her husband in her vision, but, to her surprise, Tom remained standing as though nothing had happened - the remembered sounds of the arrow plunging through his chest and his almost mild utterances of distress being the only indication of any trauma having occurred. Only a few inches of the feathered end protruded from his left breast, making it obvious that the shaft had completely penetrated his chest, yet, he gave the appearance of it having had no more effect than if it had been something merely stuck on.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She was bewildered, and her mind frantically searched for an answer. Was it possibly that Tom was someone whose heart was in a different location and therefore been missed - leaving him still alive with the numbing effect of his wound coming with such suddenness he had not yet felt pain? She searched his face and saw that it, at least, had undergone a significant change. The look of near panic was gone, and his expression had relaxed into one of stunned surprise. His mouth remained partially open but his lips no longer trembled. His eyes were also open but no longer quivered with fear - in fact, there was no movement to them at all. They were looking in her direction, yet, were not focused on her - giving the appearance of gazing through her as though unaware of her presence.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander had seen this vacant look in the eyes of far too many victims in the past for her not to immediately recognize it for what it was. There could be no doubt - Tom was clearly dead with his life ending with such suddenness that his nervous system had not yet had time to react. Her aim had been true, and she had achieved the desired result - death had indeed been instantaneous.









THE FUTURE
By C

PART II
CHAPTER 24
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander stared transfixed at Tom. She knew he was dead yet he continued to stand as though nothing had happened. To her, it seemed that minutes passed, but, in reality, it had been only moments when his legs buckled, and he fell backward - hitting the floor with a loud thud combined with a slapping sound of bare flesh striking the hardwood surface. His tied feet were trapped beneath his buttocks, forcing bent knees to spread wide, and this, along with his lashed hands also behind him, forced his pelvis to arch upward. The position gave the appearance of putting aside all modesty and straining to lift his exposed manhood as high as possible to be better viewed by an audience comprised of members of the opposite sex.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The excitement the Supreme Commander had been experiencing surged even higher as she looked at Tom laying in such a degrading manner. She knew the depth his extreme shyness and modesty had been, and seeing him lying in such a revealing and humiliating position only served to enhance the magnitude of what she had done. She was so filled with heightened emotions that she was unaware that not only was her exhilaration genuine, but it went far beyond anything she thought possible to pretend.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She had felt this same excitement on the night of visualizing slaying her husband, which she had later dismissed as merely the result of severe stress and fatigue. Afterward, it never crossed her mind as being possible that such feelings could occur from taking a human life for real - the life of anyone - to say nothing of someone she not only knew but felt compassion.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;In her vision, she had pictured her husband starting to jerk almost immediately and had expected Tom to do the same. But, instead, he lay motionless and she once again felt a wave of concern. Had the experts been wrong? Having his lifeless body humiliate itself in a manner they predicted was a key element, and much could be lost if failed to occur.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She had almost given up hope when Tom's body gave a sudden and violent heave. Again, what seemed to have been minutes had been only moments. Tom's hands and feet being tied and trapped beneath him restricted movement so that only his pelvis was able to thrust upward, and, when it did, it caused his penis to fly up with such force that it made a slap upon hitting his abdomen. The limp shaft then bounced and flopped back over his scrotum as his body descended only to be repeated as another violent spasm caused his pelvis to thrust up once again - and again - and again.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;As had happened in the vision, the Supreme Commander found herself staring transfixed at the activity taking place and, as had also happened, she became so caught up that the body before her lost its identity. She no longer thought of either whom it had been or any compassion she held. Her only thoughts had been of looking at a man's sex organs of impressive size that were flailing wildly before her in a manner that appeared almost frantic - and she had been the cause.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Her attention became so focused that, in the same manner as had occurred in her vision, she began to take in minute details of the activity taking place. It wasn't in slow motion as she had previously imagined, but the effect was almost the same. She had fleeting but vivid images being registered - the flared shape of the head as it rose and pointed the tip at her - the v-shaped apex and loose fold of skin coming into view as the head continued to rise - the oval shapes of twin bulges being clearly outlined in the scrotum as they also rose to stretch the skin upon reaching the upper limit - the full length the underside of the penis being revealed as it landed in pubic hair - the heaviness with which the thick shaft bounced upward - the curve it took as the head appeared to bow toward her in defeat as it started back down - and much, much, more.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She became so engrossed from staring at Tom's trashing genitals that she had been unaware of yet another emotion breaking free within her. What had, up to this point, been a feeling of resentment toward males surged into open hostility &#8211; not toward just some - but all. Nothing else seemed to matter except that she had personally caused the sex organs on a male body to openly humiliate themselves not only before her but before millions upon millions of her fellow sisters.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Identity did not matter. Age did not matter. All that mattered was that this was a male and males had been the cause of immense pain and suffering that women, throughout the ages, had been forced to endure. And now, because of a her, practically every woman in the world was seeing the ease which one of their own, a female, had defeated a much larger muscular male body and forced that which was the very symbol of what it was to ridicule itself before their very eyes. She found herself feeling what she had predicted for others but never dreamed would actually happen to her. She felt she had struck a decisive blow and, in so doing, had gained a great victory - not only for herself - but for all womankind.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A feeling of triumphant pride surged through her and caused the exhilaration and excitement to reach almost utopian heights. They became so overwhelming that she was unaware of other emotions having also awakened - emotions that were purely sexual in nature. She continued to stare with mesmerized exuberance and fascination at Tom's jerking body and the antics taking place between his widespread legs.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Once again, time seemed much longer than had actually transpired when the intensity of his spasms began to subside and continued to decrease until he lay still except for twitching a few times - but even this slight movement caused his limp penis to jiggle. Then, as though reaching down for a final effort, he heaved once again while giving a violent tremor. After that, all movement ceased, and his body lay as it had first fallen with bent knees widespread and pelvis arching upward - giving the appearance of offering up his manhood in tribute to that which had proven far superior.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander's exhilaration reached the point to where she was almost in a daze as she laid the bow on the table, picked up a large knife, walked over to stand next to the left side of Tom&#8217;s arched body, and looked down in triumph. Her gaze wandered over him briefly and then, in a manner appearing to be utter disdain, put a foot on his hip and shoved him on his side &#8211; his penis and scrotum hanging sideways toward the floor.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The wound in Tom's chest had bled very little, but the same could not be said for the one in his back. The upper part was covered with blood as was the once gleaming steel point of the arrow and the part of the shaft that had exited below his left shoulder blade. It had broken when he fell and took little effort to snap off and toss casually to one side. She sliced through the ropes that bound his hands and feet, lifted his left arm from behind his back, and let it drop to his front where if fell with a thud. She then kicked his bent left leg out straight, stepped over to his front, again put a foot on his hip, and shoved.

  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Tom's body rolled on its back with such force that his left arm flew outward and his penis flopped to the opposite side and then rolled down beside his scrotum. The Supreme Commander continued to treat him with disdain as she used her feet to move arms and legs wide apart. She then stepped back and, with feelings of immense excitement and pride, surveyed him lying naked, lifeless, and spread-eagled before her.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; She stepped between his legs and, using the toe of her right shoe, jiggled his scrotum. Next, still using her toe, she lifted the head of his penis until it pointed its flared shape directly at her. She then flipped it upward and uttered a mocking laugh as the limp shaft bounced in the thick triangle of hair and rolled sideways. The docile response caused another wave of triumph and exhilaration to surge through her, and it was with reluctance that she walked away to again stand next to the table.
&nbsp;&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Two women assistants came up, and one put a foot on Tom's chest and pulled out what remained of the arrow. She and the other woman then each picked up an ankle and started dragging him toward the row of large tables with his arms trailing behind - leaving a red smear on the floor. His open eyes appeared to gaze uncaring at the ceiling high above.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;As Tom's body was being dragged unceremoniously across the floor, two other women removed the cover from one of the large tables and from the smaller one next to it. If there had been any remaining doubt in the audience as to the purpose the tables would serve it was quickly dispelled. The large one was made of heavy wood with a stainless steel trough running around the outside edge. The adjoining table held an array of items including a rack of knives of varying size, a large meat cleaver, a fine tooth saw, and an assortment of stainless steel bowls and trays. A large bin on wheels had been rolled out, and a layer of crushed ice in the bottom made it obvious what it was intended to hold. In fact, the only item whose purpose had not been immediately obvious was a round, metal container capped with a lid that had a handle in the center. The container was not large enough to hold anything of appreciable size or quantity, and it was not surprising that it received little notice.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander's feelings of exhilaration and pride had continued unabated as she watched Tom's body being drug away leaving a telltale trail of blood. She knew that she had been highly successful in projecting the image desired, and it had not been necessary to even think about trying to pretend. Not only had her actions and emotions been genuine, but they had occurred almost spontaneously without giving them conscious thought. It had been of such magnitude that she felt confident they would stay with her. In fact, she was looking forward to continuing with almost trembling expectations.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Until the time came to resume, however, she was left with nothing to do. The idleness gave her a chance to reflect, and a sudden realization came that brought her up short. The sole purpose for everything she had done was aimed at achieving one, and only one, crucial goal - to demonstrate to the female public, throughout the world, what was going to be done in a manner that would start the beginnings of a momentum - a momentum that would build and lead to open acceptance rather than remorse and guilt. If this vital goal was not reached then her emotions being genuine and going far beyond what she thought possible would be of no value. And yet, she had been so caught up in her excitement that she had hardly noticed in what manner the audience had reacted.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Her only awareness had been that, for the most part, there had been very little vocal response beyond a combined gasp as the arrow plunged through Tom's chest, and a startled cry of surprise when his body, although lifeless, started to jerk - something obviously unexpected. But, beyond this, she had little awareness of what the response had been, and she found it almost beyond comprehension to realize she had been so focused on Tom, primarily between his legs, that she had not even glanced in the direction of the stands. And this at what had probably been the most crucial time of all. For all she knew, the faces in the audience might, at that very moment, be displaying looks of revulsion.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The thought of this prospect had an immediate and sobering effect on the Supreme Commander. An almost overpowering urge to look up quickly and study women's faces seized her, but, not wanting to appear overly anxious, she forced herself to wait a few moments. She then raised her head in a casual manner that gave an appearance of merely glancing around.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She was immediately gratified by what she saw. Not only had she been unable to see any sign of revulsion, but the looks of shock and anxiety that had been so prevalent a short while before appeared to no longer be present. She could not be sure, however, since only the lower part of faces was visible. All of the women had binoculars raised and were aiming them in the same direction. It was obvious that the object receiving their combined attention was Tom's lifeless naked body.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She studied the audience more closely, and it seemed that most of the women's mouths appeared to have expressions of being somewhat confused - but this could only be expected. They would almost surely be having difficulty in comprehending why someone so young had been chosen to be slain - to say nothing of the lighthearted manner she had striped him, taken his life, and then openly taunted and ridiculed his body in general and sex organs in particular. But, of primary importance, she did not see a single expression that indicated concern or compassion being directed toward the youthful victim or of disprovable at the degrading manner in which he had been treated. In fact, although she found it to be far more than she could possibly hope, the women gave the appearance of primarily being curious as to what would come next.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander had not been mistaken in her assessment. In fact, her only fault was in misreading the extent. The audience had not only responded as desired but had done so in a manner greatly exceeding the most optimistic predictions. But even when the full extent would later become known the true reason for the remarkable success would never cross her mind. As had always been her way, she would find it beyond her ability to contemplate the cause being due primarily to her influence. But, regardless of her modest outlook, woman, throughout the world, held the same deep admiration and unquestioned trust in their leader as had the members of the Summit. They placed total and complete faith in both her words and actions and accepted each without question.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The enormity of the food crisis was accepted &#8211; because it had come from her. The horrors of the catastrophic nightmare that would overwhelm them if nothing were done was believed - because it had been described by her. When told that their one and only hope for survival was for men to be slain for food it was believed &#8211; because it had been stated by her. When hearing that it was men, not themselves, that must bear full blame for this drastic action being taken it was not questioned - because it had been said by her. When she called upon them to accept what they were about to see taking place and, in so doing, not hold back natural emotions they did so - because it had been requested by her. When they saw a young man being brought out and then slain they wondered why it was someone this age but did not question there being a valid reason - because he had been slain by her. When they saw her openly laugh while playfully taunting and ridiculing his body and genitals they were somewhat surprised but accepted it as being nothing improper - because it had been done by her.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It had been because of this unyielding faith and trust that not only those in the arena, but women, throughout the world, watching the televised broadcast found themselves beginning to overcome the profound shock they had received upon learning of the crisis when they saw it being demonstrated that a way had indeed been found for them to survive - a way in which there could be nothing wrong - because it was being demonstrated by her. The confident yet lighthearted manner of her actions had succeeded in having a calming effect upon them that subconsciously allowed many emotions to begin to stir - including those of pleasure, enjoyment and excitement which, due to the suddenness that everything had occurred, they had not even been aware at the time. That unawareness, however, would be short-lived.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander's brief survey did not reveal the full extent, but it had nevertheless shown her far more than she could have possibly hoped to achieve in such a short time. She had seen nothing that indicated any of the women showing signs of getting caught up in a spellbound manner by what had taken place, but that could hardly be expected with the surprising and startling nature of what had been thrust upon them with such suddenness. But.., the main thing was that none appeared to be distressed. In fact, they looked to be quite calm considering the circumstances.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She had been about to return her gaze to Tom's body when she suddenly took note of a large bosomed women wearing a tight sweater. It was not the woman's ample breasts however, that caught her attention - it was a quite noticeable bulge at the center of each mound. A thrill went through the Supreme Commander, and it was with difficulty that she maintained her casual manner as she sought out other women wearing tight fitting tops. In every case the results had been the same - all had unmistakable bulges of erect nipples.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The outward manner of these women indicated having no awareness of sexual excitement, but something in their subconscious had obviously been aroused. Surely, such emotions, even in the subconscious, would have been suppressed if they had felt anguish or rejection from what they had seen. And, if this was true for those she had seen were wearing tight clothing it must be the same for the majority of those that were not.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A wave of exhilarating relief passed through the Supreme Commander. If the subconscious of so many women had already found the freedom to respond in such a manner from what was only the beginning then it would not be long until their conscious minds were able to do the same. And, when this happened, the open acceptance and enthusiasm that would be so crucial for their welfare would indeed become reality. A warm smile of compassion for their well-being came on her face as she looked away and then, because of the attention she had been giving to other women's breasts, it was only natural that she glanced at her own.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She was taken aback when she saw that not only were her nipples also erect, but with the tightness of her sweater and wearing nothing underneath, the bulges stood out with extreme prominence. She felt her cheeks begin to burn but quickly fought to gain control. Showing embarrassment was something she simply could not afford, and she also realized that, regardless of how self-conscious it might make her feel, for the outline of her nipples to be seen in such an obvious state would enhance the very image she desired to project. She managed to put the feelings of chagrin out of her mind by thinking about what lay ahead.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She returned her attention to Tom and saw that his body had been lifted by one of the hoist and was hanging upside-down - suspended from a rope tied around his left ankle. His out-flung arms dangled down and his free leg, bent back at the knee, hung outward which again gave an appearance of desiring to spread his legs to better put on display that which hung between. She was again reminded of the extent that his innocence and bashfulness had been, and she smiled to herself at the unrestricted view he was offering to the eyes of over two hundred and fifty million women.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;His body revolved slowly which caused the overhead lights to reflect from his bare flesh as it turned. His open eyes, sweeping across the sea of female faces, gave him the appearance of being awake but uncaring of the frontal view being presented. A frontal view that, as it continued to turn, was giving every member of the audience an opportunity to use binoculars and study every detail of the underside of his penis hanging down on pubic hair and the oval outlines in his scrotum.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander was struck with the thought that Tom's exposed manhood, dangling upside down in this manner, was not only highly degrading but gave the appearance of humbling themselves before members of the opposite sex - a sex that had proven itself superior. The impression served to rekindle the excitement and pride that had been temporally interrupted by attention given to the audience.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A trail of blood ran from the hole in Tom's left breast to his shoulder and then down his arm where it joined another coming from the wound in his back. The combined flow dripped from his hand to fall in a pool that had begun to form on the floor. A trickle of blood was also oozing from the left corner of his partially open mouth and ran diagonally across his cheek to his ear where it dripped from the lobe. The sight of blood flowing from his body served to further enhance just how total her triumph over him had been. It added to a growing excitement that was once again rapidly reaching a state of exhilaration, and she found herself tingling with anticipation for what still lay ahead.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The motor on the hoist began to whine, and it started moving on the monorail. When Tom's body was over the uncovered table it began to descend, and two women walked up and guided him until he lay on his back. They removed the rope from his ankle and pulled his arms and legs apart until he was once again spread-eagled. They then departed leaving him and the woman that taken his life the only ones on the floor.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander deliberately refrained from looking between Tom's legs as she walked up to the table. She would be doing far more than merely looking in a few minutes, and the awareness created a tantalizing desire to make the wait as suspenseful as possible. She gazed instead into his familiar but now lifeless face. During the past two weeks while being filled with uncertainty and concern, it had been in thinking of the arrival of this moment that she had felt would bring the greatest sadness and pain. But, no such emotions materialized. In fact, she found that Tom being someone she had known and felt a fondness had brought forth a strange sensation of unreality and fascination which resulted in adding a highly pleasing aspect to her already intense excitement.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;His open eyes gave an eerie appearance of having awareness in spite of their blank gaze, and, in remembering how remarkably expressive they had been in showing emotion, she found herself half expecting them to acknowledge her presence. But they continued to stare blankly upward, and she found difficulty in comprehending their extreme sensitivity which she had come to know so well could, in a single instant, have vanished forever from a simple act performed by her with such ease. The realization that such had indeed been the case caused her excitement to surge even higher.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She reached out and rolled Tom's head until he appeared to be gazing directly at her and, again, felt strange in him showing no recognition. It was a far cry from how he had beamed with pleasure upon seeing her that morning. The remembrance of that earlier meeting made it hard to look at him now and realize that only a few short hours had passed since they chatted pleasantly with him expressing profound relief and joy upon learning the girl he loved was alive. The Supreme Commander ran her fingers lightly over the contours of his face, and the thought came to her of how he had hastily jumped to his feet and stammered an apology for taking up her time when told that she had to leave because of a busy day ahead. Little did he realize what that busy day held in store.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She was in an almost trance-like daze when her fingers left Tom's face, traveled to his chest where she ran them through the curly hair, and then lightly brushed the nipple of his right breast back and forth. She felt a strange sensation at performing this act of intimacy, but it was nothing compared to the intimacy that was soon to come. A tingling of excited anticipation began to build as she continued downward, paused briefly to explore his navel, and then her hand began to tremble as it resumed its journey and came to the flatness of his lower abdomen.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander had never touched a man's sex organs other than her husband. In fact, she had had only a few other opportunities which came at the time of the war when women first started using men&#8217;s slain bodies for food. On these occasions, she had felt highly self-conscious and embarrassment to such a degree that she had refrained from even looking any more than necessary between the legs of dead soldiers whose bodies she had cut pieces of flesh and internal organs from. All of this happened before the delicious qualities of male genitals became known, and well after the time that heavy duties had forced her to let other women both provide and cook her meals. It was for this reason that the few penises and testicles she had eaten had been cut-off and cooked by others, and her only contact, other than her mouth, had been with a knife and fork. On these occasions, she had indeed found herself feeling a strange type of excitement, but had attributed it to nothing more to enjoying a supreme, even if somewhat unusual, delicacy rather than becoming aroused while eating an unknown man&#8217;s cooked sex organs. But the prior unwillingness she had place upon herself would now come to an end in a highly dramatic way, and the realization that the moment was almost at hand had been the cause for her trembling excitement. It was only with difficulty that she made herself resist the urge to rush and, instead, proceed with tantalizing slowness.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She kept her gaze diverted until her hand reached Tom's pubic hair. When she had looked at him laying on floor and then hanging from the hoist her primary attention had been almost instinctively directed between his legs and, in so doing, had noted many features. But, she had not had the opportunity to examine in close detail - until now. Holding her breath and tingling with anticipation she shifted her gaze, and Tom's dark, triangular, patch seemed to spring at her as did the sight of his thick limp penis appearing to sprout from the bushy thatch and laying curved in the opposite direction - leaving his scrotum in full view.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Her excitement seemed to almost explode when she ran her fingers through the coarse hair and gently tugged several times. Then, moving her hand to his inner thigh, she let it rest momentarily while shifting her attention to his scrotum. She felt almost lightheaded as she slowly moved her fingers out over the pouch of loose skin and felt its softness while gently stroking the prominent bulges. She then reached underneath and jiggled his testicles before cupping them and rolling them back and forth. She had almost forgotten the firmness and feel of these oval shaped male glands and how their slick surface would cause them to slip away if not held firm.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Squeezing Tom's testicles reminded her how extremely sensitive to pain this part of a man's body was. (During her marriage, she had often marveled at how even the slightest pressure to her husband's would cause him to twist and groan. On occasions, she would yield to a mischievous urge to squeeze fairly hard which would make him instantly buck and cry out. And, in spite of her love for him, she had found a certain degree of excitement in the ease she could cause such a reaction in a male body by merely applying pressure with one hand.) On an impulse, she squeezed with all her might which, if still alive, would have forced Tom to utter a cry of intense agony. His remaining silent and unmoving only served to further demonstrate the magnitude to which his body had been vanquished.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She continued to cup Tom's scrotum and absently rolled his testicles about as she shifted her gaze to his penis lying on its side. Her eyes flashed with excitement and her partially open mouth registered an expression of longing as she began to study every detail. In the first meeting she had had with Tom it had not taken long to discover his extreme, almost childlike, shyness. It had been of such extent to make it obvious that he not only had never engaged in any type of sexual activity, but there was little doubt, with the exception of being cleaned as an infant, that his penis had never been touched by a female hand - to say nothing of being fondled and examined.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;But, that was about to change, and it would be in a way that, even though no longer alive, it would, to some extent, lose its innocence. And, for her, it would not only be something she had not done for many years, but would be only the second male body she would come to know in this manner. This time, however, there would be a major difference that would go beyond the extraordinary circumstances under which it would occur.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She had not been intimate with her husband until after marriage. But Tom, at best, had been a casual acquaintance. Their total time together had been less than two hours and, although their talks had been friendly, there had been a formality about them &#8211; a formality that came from her being a person of high authority and obviously in charge. At no time did their discussion touch on anything sexual. In this regard, Tom was no different than what a total stranger would have been. But now, she was about to explore that of him which was the most intimate of his very being.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;If this was not enough, there was even more that would be vastly different. Even after marriage it had been only gradually that she managed to overcome her shyness, but now, she found herself experiencing no shyness whatsoever. In fact, she felt a boldness she had never known which was creating extreme excitement and anticipation. It was of such magnitude that she knew it would have been present if the body before her had indeed been a total stranger, but the casual and somewhat formal manner of her acquaintance with Tom made the awareness that she was on the verge of knowing him in this manner had caused her excitement and anticipation being far greater.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Her fingers trembled as they slowly slid from Tom's scrotum and began to lightly run along the limp shaft. One thing she hadn't forgotten was how remarkably smooth and soft this part of a man's body was, and she thrilled at knowing the feel once again while, almost lovingly, exploring its entire length. Upon reaching the end, she ran the tips of her fingers around the flared ridge and then over the rounded head itself whose remarkable features made it obvious of having been formed in this shape to serve but one purpose - a purpose which it had never been given an opportunity to fulfill - and now - never would. After stroking the smooth contours of a velvety texture that was even softer than the shaft, she continued underneath, pinched the loose fold of skin and used it to pull the penis upright, stretch it tight, and then bend and turn it in all directions while closely studying every detail.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander's excitement reached such a height that she had hardly been aware of her surroundings as she closed her hand around the shaft and squeezed - thrilling at the feel of the yielding, spongy, texture while noting with pleasure that the pressure caused the head to swell which resulted in making the ridge even more pronounced. She ran the side of her thumb lightly back and forth over the v-shaped apex at the base and the fold of skin she had pulled on moments before. She knew that no other part of the male body was as sensitive to the touch as was this particular area. Whenever she had done this to her husband his penis would become rigid to the fullest extent and twitch and jerk at the slightest touch. She felt a sudden longing that Tom's could somehow have responded in the same manner so that she could see it erect and feel the firmness. But that, of course, was something of which he was no longer capable.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She had never known an excitement and exhilaration anywhere near to what was surging within her. A variety of heightened emotions had been present that included triumph, pride, and a strange but pleasing feeling of fascinating unreality at having the bashful young man she had come to know lay naked, spread-eagled, and lifeless on his back as she openly fondled and examined every detail of his impressive endowment. But the emotions that had, by far, been the strongest had been purely sexual, and, this time, the extreme height of the others did not prevent from knowing them for exactly what they were. It would have been extremely difficult, however, for her not to have been aware of this when she was feeling a strong urge to lean over and take Tom's penis in her mouth.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She did not bother to question how erotic desires could have been aroused within her to such extent by the nakedness of a young man almost half her age - a young man of total innocence whose still warm body had been slain by her hand - a young man to whom she had talked in a pleasant and happy manner only hours before with her heart going out to him with sadness and compassion. Such questions might come later but, at the time, she only knew of wanting to once again enjoy the exhilarating pleasure of experiencing the awaking of yearnings that had lain dormant for many, many, years.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;With her excitement surging to almost unbelievable heights, it was with difficulty that the Supreme Commander managed to remember that she must not allow herself to get carried away. It was crucial to display an appearance of being in control at all times. She must, at least within reason, follow the procedure that had been carefully planned. It was for this reason that she was able to resist performing any oral activity.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She took the head of Tom's penis and lifted it until its flared shape pointed directly at her. She studied the closed hole for a moment and then, placing a thumb on one side and forefinger on the other, forced it to gape open - allowing her to look into the moist interior. Then, releasing the pressure but continuing to hold the penis upright, she tried to balance it, turned it loose, and watched the thick shaft drop immediately to fall over the scrotum. She repeated the maneuver several times and, as she watched it flop in this manner landing in different directions, found herself once again, after many years, marveling at such extraordinary limpness.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She giggled, glanced mischievously at Tom's face and thought, "If asked, he would never have come close to guessing what lay ahead. What if I had told him truth?" An image came of Tom sitting before her as they reached the conclusion of their meeting and of herself looking at her watch and saying - "I'm afraid I have to go Tom. I have a busy day ahead, but, I'll be seeing you again later on. You see.., a few hours from now you and I will be together on the floor of a large indoor arena in front of an audience of thousands of women. The only thing you will have on will be a towel around your waist which I'm going to yank off so we can all see what you look like without any clothes on. Oh..! A whole lot of other women will be watching on television also &#8211; something over two hundred and fifty million to be exact."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I know this will embarrass you a great deal, but don't worry, it will last for only a few minutes - after that, it want bother you at all because you'll no longer be alive. You see, right after I strip you naked I'm going to shoot an arrow through your heart. And, after you're dead, I'm going to play with your dick and nuts and make fun of them."

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; He would not have believed a word of it, of course, but merely hearing her talk in such a manner would have been a profound shock. Now that it had actually occurred, there was, of course, no reaction from him at all, but it felt strange to see him laying naked and spread-eagled on his back with his open eyes appearing to gaze absently at the ceiling - his face still wearing the expression of stunned surprise that had came over it as the arrow plunged through his heart.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander enjoyed this brief interlude, but not to the extent that it distracted her from the task at hand. She knew she was satisfied in the manner she had shown to ease of how the sex organs on a male&#8217;s lifeless body allowed themselves to be manipulated by a woman's hand, but it was important to also demonstrate the extent to which they permitted themselves to be ridiculed as well - and to do so in a manner that showed nothing but disdain toward her vanquished victim.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;For the next few minutes she was filled with both excitement and giggling amusement as she proceeded to jiggle, flip, bounce, and bat Tom's penis in a variety of ways that kept it in constant motion. She then squeezed the base between her thumb and forefinger which forced it to rise while curving over as though paying homage. She gazed at it a moment and then, still squeezing, started moving her thumb and finger back and forth. The limp shaft obediently began flopping from one side to the other and making a slapping sound each time it struck the surface of a rounded thigh.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Her final act of humiliating that which symbolized the very essence of being male ended with her slapping his penis back and forth as hard as she could. It was almost as though the limp shaft had suddenly sprung to life, and she was soon laughing openly, her eyes flashing with excitement and mirth, as she watched it flailing frantically in all directions. Her enjoyment reached such height that she had no desire to stop the attack, but, still remaining aware of not letting herself get carried away, reluctantly brought it to a halt after considering the point she had been striving to make to have been clearly demonstrated.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She had not been sure, but just before stopping, she thought she had heard a few giggles coming from the audience. At the time, however, it had been important for her to be seen giving undivided and disdainful attention to her victim and, as much as she had wanted, could not afford to take even a brief glance to see if there might indeed be any looks of amusement. She could only proceed as planned which now required giving an impression of play time being over and that it was time to get down to business while, at the same time, displaying an attitude of indifference - regardless of what she might be feeling inside.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She looked at the adjacent table, selected a sharp knife, thrust the point into Tom's abdomen just above the pubic hair, and sliced upward to his rib cage - leaving a long, red, gash behind. Laying down the knife, she hooked her fingers in each side of the slit and pulled his abdominal wall open to reveal a tightly packed coil of intestines. Without hesitating, she thrust both hands deep into the white mass, pulled out the tangle of rope like organs, and dropped them in a pile on the table. She had been somewhat surprised to discover the warmth had been much greater than expected - in fact, they had been almost hot.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Tom's stomach had also been pulled out, and she picked up the knife, sliced through the intestine at the bottom, did the same to the esophagus, and tossed the stomach into a large bowl. She then grasped the large intestine where it ran into the pelvic cavity, pulled it tight, reached inside, squeezed firmly on the end forcing it to close, and cut it loose. With this done, she slid both hands under the pile of human entrails and plopped them into the same bowl.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She continued to work quickly as she reached into Tom's interior again and again to cut out internal organs until only the prostrate and seminal vesicle remained. During this time she had briefly studied some of the various organs as they lay in her hand but, in so doing, had disguised the strange eeriness it made her feel and was able to give the appearance of only taking a casual interest. This had been especially true for his heart. At the conclusion, her hands and forearms were covered with blood along with dark stains on her clothing.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She wiped her hands on a towel, selected a knife with a narrow blade, reached into Tom's pelvic cavity, and cut his prostrate and seminal vesicle free while being careful not to sever the tube connecting them to his urethra. When this had been completed she lay the limp penis over the scrotum, picked up a small, sterile, glass vial with her left hand, held it under the cone shaped head, reached into his pelvic cavity with her right, grasped the two internal male reproductive glands, and squeezed. A thick, white stream of semen squirted from the penis into the vial of a quantity that filled it over half-full.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She capped the small bottle, held it up to the light, tipped it back and forth to look at the thick consistency of the contents, and then lifted the top of the metal container from which a cloud of vapor billowed indicating it contained liquid nitrogen. A rack inside held a circle of metal rods that were bent at the ends to hold them in place. She pulled out one of the rods which had a frost covered cup on the end, dropped the vile in the cup, lowered the rod in the container, and replaced the top. She then reached once again into the pelvic cavity to yank the prostrate and seminal vesicle - breaking the tube in the process. She briefly studied them lying in her hand before placing them in a small bowl.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander had managed to give an appearance of being casually indifferent throughout as she disemboweled Tom's body and collected his semen. Inwardly, however, indifference was far from being the case. She had felt strange on the few occasions during the war when removing internal organs from the body of a human male, but it had been nothing compared to this. Those men were unknown and dead when she found them. But, slicing open the abdomen, cutting out, holding, and looking at all that had been inside the still warm body of a man who not only was someone she had known, but whose death had been caused by her hand was far different. It brought forth an eerie sensation of fascinating unreality that was far more intense and personal than anything she had experienced in the past. But, as had been the case with everything else that had occurred, it only served to heighten her exhilaration, excitement, and pride.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A large part of her excitement continued to be purely sexual &#8211; a fact of which she remained acutely aware. The desire she had felt in wishing it could have somehow been possible to see Tom erect had become far more intense. At first, it had been mainly that of a woman's natural curiosity when seeing a flaccid penis to wonder at the appearance when rigid, but a growing sensation within that region of her own body had become so strong that she knew it had become a longing for something going far beyond merely desiring to observe.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Being fully aware of exactly what her body was craving had served to intensify what had become an unbounded degree of sexual excitement. In fact, it had reached such a heightened state that when she saw Tom's semen squirting into the vial she had to resist yet another strong urge to lean over and take his penis in her mouth. Her late husband had sometimes requested being brought to an ejaculation while she engaged in oral sex, and, in time, she had developed a fondness for the taste of this male fluid. It would have thrilled her to have consumed Tom's also, but doing this would have hardly been projecting an image of maintaining control. And, even if this had not been the case, it was important for her to be seen collecting his semen to be stored in a sperm bank since this would be a necessary requirement for all those that followed. She therefore had no difficulty in resisting the temptation but, at the same time, had no doubt as to what her actions would have been if circumstances had allowed.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Her excitement and exhilaration continued unabated as she glanced at Tom's face. His open eyes and unchanged expression gave the strange impression of being awake but unconcerned of his nakedness - the bold manner in which she had fondled, examined, and ridiculed his genitals - the hole in his left breast - the long gash in his abdomen - his body cavity being void with an assortment of bowls beside him holding what had been removed - or the pool of blood he lay in.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; But, it was far from being over for him. Her excitement remained high and filled with exuberance, but, in spite of this, she continued to give an outward appearance of working in a calm, indifferent, manner as she picked up a fine tooth saw, held Tom's forehead firmly with one hand and, with remarkable ease, cut through his neck. Then, grasping his hair, she held up his severed head.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;None of the sensations she had experienced to this point matched the eerie sensation that came over her when she looked into his face - a face she had known, a face she had talked to, a face she had seen express numerous emotions, and a face whose open eyes still gave the appearance of being alive and gazing back at her.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She felt as though she was in a daze as she laid Tom's head on its side in a tray and turned her attention to yet another strange sight - that of a naked, headless, disemboweled, human body. A body whose muscular physique, curly haired chest, and prominent genitals showed it to be male.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander continued to successfully conceal the teeming emotions surging within and appeared calm and business-like as she again took the saw and cut off Tom's arms below the shoulders and then his legs above each knee - casually tossing the severed limbs into the large bin beside the table as they were removed. She then placed the bowls holding his internal organs into the bin and pushed them partway into the crushed ice. When this had been completed, the tray upon which lay his head, and his torso with upper thighs were all that remained on the table's surface.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; She picked up a sharp knife and cut the skin around the pubic hair, under the scrotum, and down the inside of both thighs. The same was done through the center of the chest and neck and the tops of both shoulders. Starting at the neck on one side, she used the back of the knife to separate skin from flesh while pulling at the same time. She was somewhat surprised at the ease with which it came free. When the skin in the front had been pulled off, she rolled what was left of the body over and did the same on the back until holding Tom's hide in one hand like a small blanket. She tossed it in the bin and rolled the body over to again lie on its back. She paused a moment to look at the strange sight of a freshly skinned torso of a human male glistening in the bright light.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Her hand almost trembled from a tingling of anticipation as she picked up a small, sharp knife that curved at the end in a similar manner to those used for grapefruit. She used the tip to pull up a corner of the triangular pelt of hair and peeled it back until the moist, pink flesh at the root of the penis was exposed along with the shiny surface of the top of both testicles. She grasped the limp shaft and scrotal sack firmly and pulled to stretch as much as possible. With this accomplished, she thrust the knife deep into the pelvis next to root and, using the curved end, cut around it until she felt his penis and scrotum begin to give and then suddenly come free. She was somewhat surprised to see the length of the now exposed flesh colored root that had extended into the pelvis.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander's excitement, and her sensation of strange and fascinating unreality reached a new height as she looked at the fully developed sex organs of a human male laying limp and docile in her hand. Her feeling of triumphant pride surged even higher. Surely, there could be no other act a woman could do that achieved a more defiant conquest over a male body than to deprive it of that which so prominently defined it for what it was.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Her seething emotions and intense pride continued to surge as she grasped the pelt of pubic hair and lifted it until Tom's penis and scrotum dangled meekly before her as though conceding final and total defeat. But, even this was not the end. Her goal was not only to demonstrate this most total of conquest but also to show as much disrespect as possible toward the male victim. Continuing to dangle Tom's genitals, she reached over and sung them back and forth, in a taunting manner, in front of the lifeless eyes of his severed head lying in its side. Remembering the extent of his extreme modesty and shyness, she laughed mischievously at his face appearing to be disinterested in his vanquished manhood being humiliated in such a manner. It was with reluctance that she brought her taunting to an end, and tossed the genitals in a bowl.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Feelings of exhilaration, pride, excitement, and eerie unreality continued to surge within the Supreme Commander, but, outwardly, she appeared almost nonchalant as she used the saw to cut through Tom's rib cage and pelvic bone. When this was done, she pressed on both hips until, with a cracking sound, she felt them give. A gap remained in the pelvis when she removed her hands and, picking up the large meat cleaver, swung it through the opening with such force that it easily cut through both flesh and bone before embedding in the table with a thud. This enabled her to pull the thighs apart even wider and, yanking the cleaver free, struck again with the same result. She continued up the spinal column until, with one final swing, Tom's torso was cut completely in half, and the two sides rolled apart.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She was in a complete daze by this time but, even so, could not help but notice that the two halves did indeed bear a strong resemblance to the butchered caucus of a head of livestock. She found it hard to comprehend she was looking at what, only a short while ago, had been the living and vibrant body of a healthy young man in the prime of life. The resemblance to having become nothing more than a type of livestock, however, only served to heighten her excitement and feelings of triumphant pride. 









THE FUTURE
By C

PART II
CHAPTER 25
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander wiped her blood covered hands and forearms with a wet towel as she watched two women attendants thrust the sharp point of a large meat hook through the end of the thigh on one of the halves of Tom's skinned carcass which, in reality, had become nothing more than a bulk of glistening meat. They picked it up, carried it to a nearby metal frame, and hung it on the end of the first bar. They then did the same with the remaining half so that both were suspended next to each other in full view of the audience. The women then left with one carrying the tray holding his severed head.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When the women departed the Supreme Commander walked to the table and picked up the only item that remained on its blood covered surface - the bowl containing Tom's severed but still impressive sex organs. She went once again to the podium, glanced briefly around, and then, sweeping her right hand in the direction of Tom's hanging carcass, began to address the audience. "Ladies, the first male has now been "harvested" and will soon become part of our meager supply of food."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"He was harvested by my hand to enable me to clearly demonstrate my full support for this course of action we are being forced to take. I mentioned earlier that the leader of every nation is also going to participate to show their conviction being equal to my own. Each and every one is going to "harvest" a male before you and, like he, (again sweeping her hand in the direction of Tom's remains) all will be extremely young. I would also like to point out that each was carefully chosen as being innocent of any known misdeed. In fact, if we had been able to follow our original intent to start releasing males back to society, it would have been young men such as these that would have been among the first to be set free.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I have little doubt that you question the purpose for young men such as this being selected for this demonstration when there are millions upon millions of men that are not only much older but far more deserving to receive such fate. Please allow me explain. The taking of lives that are young and innocent enables us, your chosen leaders, to show just how deep our commitment truly is, and, in addition, it serves to reveal the full magnitude of what we face. It is important, from the start, that you be made aware of the extent of what must be done. The food shortage is of such enormity that harvesting older men, or even down to this age, will not suffice. The only way our survival can be achieved is to harvest the entire male population of over two hundred billion."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander saw stunned expressions of disbelief coming on the women's faces, and she quickly continued with her voice rising with emotion. "I know this comes as a shock but let me tell you what I told the members of the Summit after they had approved taking this course of action. The male population is doomed, and there is nothing that can be done to save it - either by us, or by them. Only by males being &#8216;harvested&#8217; can sufficient sustenance be obtained to feed not only ourselves, but the males that remain until their time also comes and, thereby, prevent revolt. If revolt occurred, as I described earlier, upon gaining freedom they would either die from starvation or, sooner or later, fall victim as they prey upon each other until only a few of the most ruthless and barbaric remain. I do not think it necessary for me to repeat the horrors that would befall women if this catastrophic rampage engulfed the world and, in so doing, doom the human race to extinction."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"The course of action that has been decided upon is not choosing for the male to perish so that the female may live. As I have said, the male is going to perish regardless what is done or not done. It is, however, choosing that the female need not perish with them which, for this reason alone, we are clearly justified in doing. But of far more importance, it is our duty, as women, to do everything within our power to survive so that our bodies can fulfill the vital purpose for which we were uniquely created - to bring forth new life and ensure continuation of the human race. Surely, there can be no wrong in striving to meet such a vital and noble goal."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She looked at the audience in a defiant manner. "But, some may ask, "What about the poor men &#8211; especially those that are so young and innocent?"&nbsp; "Well..! What about them..? Is what I say. Should we grieve for them? What purpose would it serve? To do so would only bring unneeded anguish to us and gain absolutely nothing for them. I remind you of what I said earlier - it is the actions of males, and males alone, that has brought on this crisis. It is the actions of males, and males alone, that have sealed their doom in such a manner that the only question which remains is the way it will occur - not, if it will occur. Why should we grieve for them when it is they who have brought this entirely upon themselves? You might decide to do this - but not I."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I would also like to point out that in the course of action we are choosing to take, males will be far better off. Yes, the will perish, but they will perish at the hands of women and by so doing, will be spared the horrors and suffering that would befall them otherwise in which death would still occur. Being women, we will ensure that the deaths be quick and painless instead of coming in agony which we know would often be the case if it came from the hands of other males. Being women, we will ensure that they are not mistreated while remaining alive and, during this time, will not live in fear since they will be unaware of what awaits them. Yes, death will still come, but I think you must agree that it will be far better for it coming from a woman's hand rather than from one of their own. Is there any way in which this can be wrong?"

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Yesterday, you saw men paying with their lives for having committed countless barbaric crimes and atrocities against humanity. Now, you have just seen a young man that was guilty of no crime whatsoever being slain, and the same will be true for those that will soon follow. But there is one thing that the young men who die this day will have in common with the villains that perished yesterday." The Supreme Commander reached into the bowl and then raised her hand while holding Tom's pelt of pubic hair from which dangled his penis and scrotum. "All of them either had or, for a short time longer, still have a set of these hanging between their legs. It is this of them, more than anything else, which clearly shows them to be male. And, by being male, there is not one among them that might not someday pose a grave danger. This is true regardless of age or present innocence. And, this can be said of them for no other reason than because they are male."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"All of us know that such is not the case for the female. We are over two hundred and fifty million in number, and each of us feels safe in knowing that from not one of us is there need to fear. We know this because we know ourselves. But, if the crisis did not exist and males were allowed to return, regardless of how carefully they were selected, there would once again be violence and rape and, in time, there would once again be war. We know this because such is the way of the male. It is the way they have always been, and it is the way they would continue if given the opportunity."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"We should not, therefore, bother ourselves with feeling concern for males - regardless of age or innocence. Being male means either presently being a danger of having the potential to someday become a danger. And, of the latter, out of a given number some would indeed become a danger. We must look upon each and every one only in terms of being male and, therefore, deserving of paying the price needed to overcome the desperate crisis which they have brought upon themselves. I have done this, and it is the reason I feel no grief for the young male whose life I just took. I look upon him only for what he was." She paused for a moment and displayed a mischievous smile before adding - "Which was quite obvious when I pulled away the towel".

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander had been heartened in hearing this last remark bringing the sound of giggles coming from the audience, and she swung Tom's dangling penis and scrotum back and forth. "I am sure that all of you were somewhat surprised at not only seeing me giving this particular part of his body a great deal of attention, but doing so with excitement and amusement. I did this for several reasons. First, like you, I have come to feel a strong resentment toward members of the male sex for not only the suffering we ourselves have been forced to endure, but for the manner in which women have been treated throughout history. And, for the past few weeks, I have known the magnitude of the crisis their insane action has brought upon us which inflamed my resentment even higher. Now that you have been made aware of the crisis it will surely provide the same added incentive to you also.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Because of my hostility, it gave me special satisfaction to taunt and make fun of that which, more than anything else, so clearly showed him to be male and which has been looked upon by them with arrogant pride throughout history. I thoroughly enjoyed showing you the ease which this of them so willingly allows itself to be ridiculed by a woman's hand, and it was my desire that you receive similar enjoyment while watching. I ask you to keep this in mind as we proceed with what lays ahead."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Yesterday, I held up another man's sex organs in this same manner and remarked on the enjoyment and satisfaction we had received in seeing them along with others being humiliated before us. At the time, I spoke only of horrendous crimes committed by evil men as being our motive. But although those crimes, by far, inflames us the most it is certainly not the only cause we have to feel resentment. For this reason, it does not require males being evil for us to receive pleasure in seeing this of them being subjected to ridicule - it only requires of them being male.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I must admit, however, that there was another purpose for my actions. I am a woman, and therefore, I have within me the same attraction toward the body of a member of the opposite sex that nature instilled within each of us. These desires are of such magnitude that they can make their presence known even if we have no outward understanding of the cause. Most of you discovered this when, after being forced to start using the bodies of males for food, you found yourselves becoming excited as you looked upon them when naked - especially from looking upon this of them (again swinging Tom's penis and scrotum) which you found yourselves unable to resist touching, examining, and playing with - much in the same manner as what I have just done."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"At first, since you did not understand the reason for what you found was becoming almost uncontrollable desires, you felt concern that something within you was wrong. It was only with time that these concerns were eased when you learned other women were doing the same. But, even then you still didn't know the reason and put it down to merely being curious of something vastly different from yourselves. It was only during the recent televised campaign that you heard it being explained in a manner which finally enabled you to fully understand."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"But, simply understanding such feelings and emotions is not enough. It is important that you come to accept them to the point of having no concern in showing them openly. It is my desire that observing me doing this and seeing your leaders that will follow doing the same will serve to cast out any hesitation that might still remain. Let me stress that at no time did I do anything merely as a pretense. The excitement you saw within me was the result of natural desires that were very real." She looked down at her breast which still showed prominent bulges beneath her sweater and smiled mischievously. "And, as you can clearly see, still are."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The audience burst into laughter, and the sound thrilled the Supreme Commander. If women were already finding themselves capable of such merriment so soon after not only seeing an innocent young man being slain and butchered before them, but whose skinned carcass still hung in full view, then she had surely achieved success far beyond anything thought to be possible. She seized upon the moment and continued while displaying a look of mirth. "If you look at your own bosoms I think you will find that I was not alone in becoming sexually aroused, although, with events happening so fast and unexpectedly, most of you probably haven't yet realized it."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A gasp of surprise followed by a wave of laughter arose from the audience as the women discovered the nipples of their own breasts being in a similar state. The Supreme Commander joined in, and it took a few moments before she was able to continue. "I hope I have succeeded in showing you that such a reaction in us is quite normal, and it is the same with all else that you found yourselves feeling. This will continue as you watch what is yet to come, and I urge you to allow each and every one to break free &#8211; regardless of what nature it might be."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I ask you to look upon the young men being brought out only in terms of being male and nothing else. If watching them being "harvested" for their vitally needed meat results in our enjoying exciting, natural emotions that awake within us then so much the better. It will surely make no difference to them, one way or the other, if we find ourselves feeling pleasure and excitement. If you do as I ask, you will find these feelings within you being released in ways that will prove to be of great benefit."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Before we proceed, however, I would like to leave you with a final thought that should help remove any lingering difficulty that might interfere in allowing you to respond in the open manner I have requested. It is something I told the members of the Summit just before adjourning and which holds great promise for what had previously been only a dream."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander proceeded to describe how the time needed to conduct extensive genetic research would now be available which held great promise in being able to identify and forever eliminate whatever it was that, from the earliest beginning, has caused males to commit senseless acts of violence. Her voice trembled with emotion as she talked of bringing forth a world of lasting peace in which women would never again live in fear of violence, rape, and war. When she concluded, the audience erupted with loud cheers and applause.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The intensity of the ovation coming from thousands of women that had full knowledge of being only moments away from seeing other innocent naked young men being slain and butchered before them had been of a magnitude that, to say the least, was quite remarkable. And, upon hearing it, the Supreme Commander found herself being even more thrilled and heartened.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When the applause and cheering died down she made one final plea for each and every woman to openly accept any and all emotions they would find themselves experiencing, regardless of the nature, as being only natural and to allow them to break free. She then left the podium amidst the sounds of yet another ovation. As she walked toward the passage leading under the stands she noticed in carrying the bowl in which she had replaced Tom's sex organs that her thumb lay in a small puddle of semen that had drained from his penis.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The sight caused a thrill to pass through her, and she allowed her thumb to rake through it as she handed the bowl to an attendant. When she entered the passage and was out of sight she put her thumb to her mouth and sucked it clean. She found the taste to be remarkably familiar for something she had had not known for many years. The excitement within her surged to a new height in knowing that, in this way at least, a small part of what her body had been craving was within. At this point it didn't matter that it had been in a different manner and in a different place than she would have preferred. All that mattered was that it was actually inside and would become a part of her.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She light-headedly walked through the double doors at the end of the passage and came upon a group of five women dressed in pink skirts and tops identical to her own. These were the ones that would perform next and each, although trying to give an outward appearance of being at ease, were obviously quite nervous. In an attempt to help ease their tension she gave them a bright smile and said - "I can't believe how fantastic that turned out to be. Just wait..! If you let your feelings come through and don't hold back I promise that you're in for an experience of a lifetime." She beamed at them again as she passed, and her manner was so convincing that the women began to wonder if the excitement and enthusiasm she had shown as they watched her perform might indeed have been as genuine as it had appeared. In spite of their nervousness and self-doubt, each began to feel a tingling of anticipation.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander went into a restroom to wash the remainder of Tom's blood from her hands and arms. She was somewhat taken aback as she stepped to a lavatory with a mirror above and saw her eyes appearing to almost sparkle and her face registering a look of intense excitement. She then noticed a red smear on her right cheek and numerous dark stains on her sweater and short skirt which she viewed with immense pride. During the planning stage she vetoed the suggestion of wearing a smock because she had felt that bloodstains from her male victim being seen on a soft and feminine outfit that emphasized her being a woman would enhance the overall effect desired to be achieved. In looking at herself in the mirror she saw that this goal had indeed proven to be the case.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When she finished washing she made her way up a flight of stairs that led to the stands where she would join the audience to watch the remaining events. It was during her climb that, in spite of her continued excitement, she began to feel a wave of apprehension. She knew that she had achieved a success far exceeding anything thought possible, but it was far from over and, because of its very nature, could be deflated far more quickly that it had been brought forth. It was vital that her colleagues perform in a manner that would keep the momentum going and, if at all possible, cause it to increase in intensity.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She had full confidence in her fellow participants, but they were over a hundred in number, and if only one or two should falter it could have a negative effect. She had had serious doubts of her own ability but, when the time came, found herself being caught up and overwhelmed by feelings and emotions that were beyond her control. If the same happens with the others, there will be nothing to worry about, but it was now out of her hands. All she could do was go up and watch - and hope nothing goes wrong.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She had almost reached the top of the stairs when, over the speakers, she heard the twang of released bowstrings followed by a brief swish of arrows in flight and then thuds and slicing sounds as they found their targets - the latter sounds accompanied by a chorus of short, startled, obviously male outcries that, as had been the case with Tom, changed into gurgling sounds which faded into sighs of breath being expelled from lungs. The sounds were also accompanied by those of a combined gasp coming from the audience, but this time, the response sounded more like a reaction of seeing something dramatic occur that had been anticipated rather than of startled surprise.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She looked down at the floor of the brightly lit arena as she emerged into the aisle and saw five naked young men that were in the process of falling backward - each with a colorful, feathered end of an arrow that resembled a flower sprouting from their left breast. The five women to whom she had spoken earlier were there also and standing in a line abreast - each holding an empty bow.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander managed only a brief glance before having to look down and watch her footing as she started down the steps of the aisle. But this did not prevent her from hearing the loud thuds and slaps of naked bodies striking the hardwood floor. The audience had fallen silent as she made her descent, but a murmur arose as she reached her seat and, upon looking up, saw the young men laying the floor and jerking in violent spasms.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Three had fallen in the same position as Tom with feet trapped beneath buttocks forcing bent knees to spread wide and pelvises to arch upward. Dark patches of pubic hair instinctively drew her attention to wildly flopping penises and jouncing scrotums, but other than a brief glance, she took little notice of the frantic activity. Her primary thought had been in noting with satisfaction that the spasms gave clear evidence that each of the deaths had been instantaneous.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She raised her binoculars but, instead of focusing on the jerking bodies, looked at the faces of the five women that had just taken a human life. She was greatly heartened by what she saw. Each was staring intently at their respective victim with eyes sparkling and faces glowing with looks of excitement and triumph. There could be little doubt, as it had been with her, that the expressions were genuine. Upon seeing this crucial milestone being achieved she shifted her attention to the women in the audience. All had binoculars raised and clearly had their attention riveted on the activity taking place below. A thrill passed through her as she noted that not only did she fail to see a single woman that gave any appearance of being distressed but that many were actually smiling.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When she returned her attention to the floor she caught sight of the flash of a reflection and, upon looking, saw that it had been caused by the shiny, skinned halves of Tom's carcass that hung in full view. A thrill passed through her as she paused to focus on them for a moment and noted that from a distance, while they still bore features showing them to be human male, it was even easier to picture them as being nothing more than a type of livestock. In fact, except for the size, they bore a resemblance to sides of beef.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;As had happened earlier, she found it hard to comprehend she was looking at what only a short time before had been the vibrant, strong, happy, and emotional young man with whom she had carried on a casual conversation that very morning. The strange but pleasing sensation of unreality that had been so prevalent returned and surged through her as did the feeling of triumphant pride in seeing what she had accomplished.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A sudden thought struck the Supreme Commander. She swung her binoculars to the small table standing in the center of the arena and saw Tom's severed sex organs and pubic hair laying on its surface. A new wave of excitement passed through her when she noticed a tag tied to the limp shaft. This would enable his genitals to be later identified from the many others that would soon join them. The reason for the identification was because they, along with his head, would be mounted on a plaque to become her personal trophy - a trophy that would soon be hanging on a wall in her office. Until only a very short time ago she had been convinced that this would only serve as a daily reminder bringing pain and sadness, but now, however, she knew it would instead bring a renewal of pride and excitement.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Exhilaration continued to surge within as she returned her attention to the activity taking place below and saw the lifeless bodies being drug by the feet and leaving trails of blood that led to large stains showing where death had occurred.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was not long until they were hanging upside-down from the motorized hoists, each suspended by one leg with the other, bent back at the knee, hanging outward and sex organs dangling down in a degrading manner on triangles of curly hair while bright, overhead lights reflecting off bare flesh as they slowly revolved.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander, however, took only brief notice before again turning her attention to the audience. She smiled and nodded with satisfaction as she saw binoculars changing direction almost in unison as women shifted their gaze from a body that was turning away to one that was revolving toward them and about to provide an unrestricted frontal view.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The proceedings continued in a manner that duplicated what had taken place with Tom. The bodies were lowered to the tables and placed spread-eagled on their backs. The women that had rendered them lifeless came forward, stood beside their respective victim, ran their hands lightly over the faces, the chests, and slowly continued tantalizingly downward until reaching the genitals which were fondled, examined, played with, taunted, and then ridiculed - concluding with limp penises flailing wildly back and forth from being slapped with extreme gusto.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;As this was taking place the Supreme Commander continued to take little notice of the victims. Her primary attention had been divided between observing the women performing the activities, and the reactions of the spectators. She had been increasingly thrilled by what she saw. Looks of heightened excitement and exhilaration were clearly evident on the faces of the five women below and those in the audience were showing increasing signs of lighthearted merriment - and, for many, indications of becoming sexually aroused.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When the women on the floor concluded their playful taunting their manner followed the example previously set by their leader. They became very businesslike and worked in a quick and efficient manner until ten more glistening, skinned halves of human male carcasses were hanging next to Tom's, and the severed sex organs lying with his on the small table. The Supreme Commander had been particularly pleased in noting that her colleagues had managed to display an air of indifference as though dealing with nothing more than butchering the body of an animal - the only exceptions being brief but triumphant acts of taunting humiliation similar to what she had done with Tom.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The performances had been so convincing that the women had given an outward appearance that disemboweling, cutting-up, and skinning the still warm body of a human male they had just slain was nothing more than an everyday occurrence. In studying their faces, however, she noticed their flashing eyes betraying intense excitement and knew that they, like it had been with her, were filled with exhilarating emotions of a magnitude never known before. She marveled at the composure and wondered if, at least to some degree, she had managed to give a similar appearance. Little did she realize that it was in following the example set by her that had been the primary influence in the manner in which the women were able to perform.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;With their work finished, the women left the floor and moments later five more walked out and stood beside the table upon which lay the bows and arrows. The Supreme Commander focused her binoculars on the newcomers and saw that, although all were smiling, it did not require careful study to see that the smiles were forced, and inwardly, the women were nervous and apprehensive. This was only to be expected and did not cause a great deal of concern. After her reactions and then seeing the same take place in the women that had just departed she felt confident it would be likewise for these also once things began to happen. Her faith proved to be well founded as five more young men met the same fate with the audience responding in a manner that was becoming increasingly positive.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;More groups followed with the same success being achieved in each case. And, to make things even better, the Supreme Commander had been handed a note telling her of messages coming in from around the world reporting the same enthusiastic response from audiences in theaters watching the televised broadcast. Upon learning this, she sat back feeling profound relief and extreme joy. There was still a long way to go, but she no longer felt apprehension. Not only had all of the women that had already performed been caught up in an excitement equal to hers, but the mood of the audience had steadily improved until they were openly applauding and laughing in a manner that became increasingly a festive, spectator-like, atmosphere.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The only time there was silence was when bows and drawn arrows started being raised. When this occurred the audience would grow quiet and stare with numbing fascination at naked young men whose lives they knew were moments from coming to a violent and dramatic end. Any dismay that might have been felt earlier by the audience for the young ages had reached a point of no longer being of concern as was evidenced by silence being shattered by loud and boisterous cheers when the arrows found their mark. The degree of excitement that was sexually motivated had also increased noticeably, and many women could be seen stroking their breast or pressing between spread legs. It was obvious that the momentum had reached such magnitude that there was no longer any need to fear something going wrong.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Up to this point, the Supreme Commander's primary attention had been so focused between either her colleagues performing on the floor or the reactions of the audience that she had continued to take little notice of the young men that had been falling victim &#8211; and even the brief observations attributed to them had been done in an abstract, almost analytical, manner of appraising to see if a desired effect was being achieved. She had given little conscious though to being witness of human life coming to a sudden and violent end or to the activities that followed.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Her inattentiveness in this regard, however, came to an abrupt end when yet another group of five, towel clad, young men were brought out, and she recognized among them one of the ten she had interviewed. She recalled his name being Bob, and thoughts of them casually talking and laughing flooded through her as she raised her binoculars and looked at his familiar face. As with all the others with whom she talked that day, she had felt deep sadness for him at the time, but now, the recognition only brought forth excitement. She almost instinctively began to observe his scantly clad physique. When her gaze lingered on his bare chest a strange, tingling sensation passed through her as she took note of his left breast and realized that, in a matter of minutes, an arrow would be plunging through it.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Once again, overpowering emotions began to stir that soon reached the point of taking complete control. Her gaze continued downward to the thin towel tied around his waist, and, as had been the case with Tom, her attention was drawn a bulge in the center that jiggled noticeably with extreme freedom. Her first reaction had been amusement, but then, as had also happened with Tom, the realization struck her that, in moments, she would be observing what was causing it.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Like Tom, her acquaintance with Bob had been on a casual yet somewhat formal basis that added a tantalizing appeal in knowing she was on the verge of seeing him naked. Once again, the realization served to trigger a release of tingling anticipation and excitement that continued to increase in intensity. When Bob was brought to a halt and his feet tied, she zoomed in to maximum magnification on the bulge. The towel was yanked free, and his suddenly exposed manhood almost filled her field of view with her flashing eyes taking in every detail.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;If she had taken time to reflect, even after all that had happened, she would have still been amazed at the degree of what was proving to be yet another uncontrollable desire to openly stare at the sex of a young man almost half her age - especially when this time, instead of being actively involved, she was merely a spectator. She had been so engrossed, however, that no such thought entered her mind, and it was only when Bob's penis suddenly flew upward and then dropped down that her concentration was broken. She raised her binoculars to find the cause and saw the feathered end of an arrow embedded in his left breast and a stunned, vacant eyed, expression on his face that told he was dead.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She had been caught by surprise in realizing she had been so engrossed in staring at what hung between his legs that she failed to look up in time to see him die. Instead of being disappointed, however, she found herself pleased at the turn of events. It had been strangely tantalizing in realizing she had been looking directly at his penis at the moment of death and seeing its reaction as he jerked from the impact of the arrow. In had been during the brief instant that the limp shaft was moving upward that life had ended with such suddenness that when it started to descend both it and the male body to which it was attached were no longer alive.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It had been so intriguing that the she quickly again focused her binoculars between Bob's legs as he started to topple backward. Her effort was rewarded by having a close-up view of his penis flying upward from the impact of his body hitting the floor and bouncing back and forth several times before laying still - but not for long. In what seemed a far shorter time than it had been with Tom, Bob's pelvis thrust upward in a violent spasm to be followed in quick succession by others, and her exhilaration soared as she excitedly watched the wild antics taking place.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When the jerking ceased, she still found herself unable to take her attention away from what sprouted from a thick patch of hair on Bob's lifeless body. Never, in her entire life, had she been so obsessed with wanting to drink in the sight of the nakedness of a member of the opposite sex. It reached such height that it even exceeded what she had so recently experienced with Tom and, if asked later, would have been at a loss to give an explanation. It would never have occurred to her that the suddenness with which a lifetime of suppressed feminine desires had broken free had had the same effect as a child being given a new and fascinating toy - she simply could not get her fill.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;If anything, her obsession became more intense as she continued to zoom-in on Bob's sex organs as he was dragged across the floor, studied the details of their dangling underside as he hung suspended upside-down, and then scrutinized even more as he lay spread-eagled on the table with his penis laying sideways and the tip of the flared head pointing tantalizingly in her direction.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander's excitement become so intense that she had been unaware of her left hand leaving her binoculars to first stroke her breast and then move down to massage a tingling hotness that had started to build between her legs. The latter subconscious activity steadily increased in intensity as she thrilled at seeing a female hand coming into her field of view to fondle Bob&#8217;s testicles and then move to first explore and then begin to play with his penis.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It had been when the hand was making the limp shaft flop back and forth by squeezing it at the base between thumb and forefinger that exhilarating warmth exploded within the Supreme Commander's vagina and flooded outward - bringing forth an outcry as her body jerked in the throes of an intense organism.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;At first, she had been so stunned and confused that it took several moments to realize what had happened. She looked around with chagrin and was relieved to see the women around her intently watching the floor below and taking no notice. She sat bewildered for several moments, but then, a thrill passed through her at realizing the unbelievable magnitude to which she had been overwhelmed. It mattered little that she was at a total loss to understand how something she would have considered to be totally impossible to do, especially in public, could have actually happened. All that mattered was that it had indeed occurred, and if it could do so with her then it could surely do the same with others.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She looked about and was rewarded by seeing one woman after another cry out and jerk in a manner for which there could be but one cause. Any lingering doubt that might have remained vanished completely. Surely, there could be no better evidence of open acceptance of not only what was taking place at the moment, but of all that would occur in the days, months, and years that lay ahead.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She had never known such happiness as she returned her attention to the floor and saw that the woman who had taken Bob's life was in the process of slicing open his abdomen. With the relaxing warmth that follows the receiving of sexual satisfaction flowing through her she dreamily settled down to watch all that was going to be done to him. In so doing, it was not long before she once again found herself experiencing a strange but exciting feeling of unreality at watching the lifeless body of a young man with whom she had sat and talked in a casual and friendly manner being disemboweled, beheaded, dismembered, and skinned until, like the others before him, becoming nothing more than two halves of glistening meat.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The demonstration "harvest" continued without interruption, and the mood of audience became increasingly boisterous and jovial as one group of young men after another was brought out to meet the same devastating fate. The repetition, however, did not prevent a hush from continuing to fall over the arena each time drawn arrows were raised and creating an atmosphere of suspense as women stared, with memorizing fascination, at naked men they knew that in moments they would see being slain. The continued lack of concern for the youthfulness of the victims remained clearly evident as loud and triumphant cheers continued to ring out each time the razor-sharp points plunged through flesh and blood targets.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The women would then laugh and giggle, often to the point of tears running down their cheeks, as they watched the naked bodies jerking in total humiliation - especially the highly amusing and frantic activity taking place between the legs. The lighthearted and festive atmosphere continued even when watching bodies being butchered but, at no time, did the gaiety interfere with an increasing intensity of aroused sexual excitement - something that became readily apparent as more and more women could be seen reacting in explosive organisms. The crucial goal of not losing the fervor that had been created the day before had not only been achieved, but the enthusiasm had clearly increased.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The continued relaxing effect of the Supreme Commander's own organism kept her from again finding herself becoming obsessed to an uncontrollable degree. But this did not keep her from still getting caught up in what was taking place, and in spite of what she had previously thought would have been impossible to occur within her, she did indeed find herself being filled with excitement and merriment while watching the unbelievable drama continue to unfold. And, like the women around her, she would experience an eerie, mesmerizing fascination in the moments before death occurred and when looking at naked bodies of human males being butchered until becoming nothing more than skinned carcasses hanging in rows with others.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The intensity of each of these emotions within the Supreme Commander always increased each time one of the young men she had interviewed was brought out, and she would give these her undivided attention throughout while feasting her eyes upon their nakedness.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The dramatic change that had taken place within her had become so great that, at no time, did she feel any compassion toward either those she had met personally or for any of the other innocent young men that perished before her. In fact, her excitement had been of such magnitude that, even though aware of death taking place, she gave no conscious thought to the gut-wrenching terror that each of the hapless victims surely experienced in the moments before it occurred, but even if the thought had come to her it would have made little difference since it would have been no understatement to have said that, like the women in the audience and the more that two hundred and fifty million watching on television, she was enjoying herself to the fullest.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When she saw only three instead of five men being brought out she knew this was the last group and that it was time to go below to be in readiness of coming out to make her final remarks. Before leaving, however, she looked around to survey what had been accomplished. Her gaze first fell on the table standing in the center of the arena floor, and she could not help but feel a surge of strange excitement in looking at what had become a sizable pile of limp penises, bulging scrotums, and pelts of pubic hair laying intermingled with each other.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When the decision had been made during the planning stage to put the severed genitals on display in this manner she had found herself, in spite of the deeply depressed state she had been in at the time, unable to keep from picturing it in her mind and being curious in wondering what the experience of actually looking at such an unbelievable scene would be like. Nothing she had contemplated, however, came close to capturing the sensation of seeing it for real.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The reason for placing the sex organs in a single pile at a prominent location was because it had been felt that not only would it be almost impossible for women not to find the sight to be highly intriguing and exciting but, in a highly dramatic manner, serve to make a mockery of regarding this part of the male anatomy as being a symbol of dominance. And, in now looking upon them, she saw that the effect had clearly been achieved on both counts. As a woman, she had indeed found herself being intrigued and excited, and the image projected by the docile manner in which they lay with each other made the thought of them symbolizing dominance almost laughable.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She found it difficult to take her eyes away, but when she did shift her gaze she was rewarded in noting, with immense satisfaction, what had become row after row of freshly skinned carcasses hanging from meat hooks was creating yet another effect that had been highly desired. Observing such large number in this manner made it even easier to picture them as being sides of meat from some type of animal to such an extent that an atmosphere of a meat processing facility being operated was clearly being projected, and this impression did not change even when a closer look enabled being able to tell that these particular sides of meat were, in fact, those of human males.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A strange thrill went through her in realizing that among the shiny skinned carcasses, reflecting the bright overhead lights, were what had only a short while ago been the ten young men she had known and now, except for Tom, she could not tell which had been them - they looked no different from any of the others. And, she realized that it was only by being at the end of the first row that she was able to identify what had been Tom. Her eyes lingered on what remained of him - two pieces of glistening meat hanging inert with the rest - and a renewed surge of pride passed through her as she rose to leave her seat.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;On her way back up the aisle the face of every woman she passed glowed with excitement, and she again thrilled at the magnitude of the unbelievable success that had been achieved in such a short period of time. She had anticipated her closing remarks being directed toward trying to sway what she thought would be an audience still in shock and, at best, in only the earliest stages of gaining acceptance.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Now, however, she would not only take an entirely different approach but would do so in a manner that a few hours ago she would have thought herself incapable. But that was then &#8211; before what had happened during those few hours had yet to take place and which had had such a profound effect - not only on those in the audience and watching on television - but on herself as well.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When she once again reached the passage leading beneath the stands to the arena floor she waited until she saw three women coming toward her that had just completed "harvesting" the final group. She started forward and nodded pleasantly in passing, but the women had been babbling to each other with such enthusiastic excitement they hardly took notice. The Supreme Commander chuckled and continued while experiencing a happiness she had never known.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A loud, thunderous, applause erupted as she came into view, and she smiled broadly on making her way to the podium. She stood for a moment upon reaching it and then exclaimed in an exuberant and lighthearted manner that, for her, was totally out of character - "Wow..! Wasn&#8217;t that great?" The enthusiastic cheer that arose left little doubt of the audience being in complete agreement. She turned and swept her hand in the direction of the rows of carcasses. "That's an impressive sight - isn't it? In this short time we have harvested enough meat to feed over four thousand women for an entire day."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"But, this was just a demonstration. Tomorrow, we will begin harvesting in arenas such as this throughout the world and at a far more efficient pace from what you have just witnessed. I&#8217;m quite sure it will please you to know that, in a few days, all of us will once again be enjoying the delicious taste of male flesh on a daily basis." An enthusiastic cheer erupted that forced her to pause before being able to continue. "Strict rationing will have to continue, of course, but the quantity will be sufficient to meet basic needs, and even though being limited, we will surely find our meals being a great deal more pleasant than what has been available since ending the war."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander was again forced to wait for a loud cheer to subside. She then pointed to the table upon which the severed sex organs lay. "Look at the size of that pile of dicks and nuts! Have you ever seen such a sight? And to think that men have always looked upon that part of them with arrogant pride. Well.., I didn't see anything deserving arrogance at the way they jiggled, flopped, and jounced to such an extent that it caused us to both laugh and become excited while enjoying watching them being humiliated before us. And, I sure as hell don't see anything deserving arrogance in now seeing them lie meekly in a large pile for us to feast our eyes upon and again laugh. And, speaking of feast, I surely don't think there will be anything about them worthy of arrogance after they&#8217;ve been cooked to a golden brown, swolen and wet with juices, and laying on a plate before us while waiting to be savored either."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Laughter and cheers rang out with such intensity that several minutes passed before she was able to continue. "Since we are on the subject, I think this is a good opportunity to assure you that distribution of sex organs will be closely regulated. No one, regardless of importance, will receive a greater share than anyone else, and each of us can look forward to once again enjoying this supreme delicacy."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She again paused to allow another outburst of enthusiastic cheers to subside. "I stated earlier that all "harvestings" will be open to the public, and I strongly encourage everyone to attend whenever possible. In addition, televised broadcast will be shown that will enable you to enjoy watching at home. When yet another cheer ended, her manner became more serious. Until a number of processing facilities capable of handling mass volume can be constructed, it will be necessary to rely upon the general public to provide assistance, and everyone will be called upon to volunteer in this endeavor. I think enough has already happened today for me to go into further detail at this time, but starting tomorrow, detailed information will be shown on television explaining not only what this will entail, but of facilities being provided in the compounds for the purpose of enabling us using males in yet another exciting way which I strongly encourage you to take advantage of.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You will probably find yourself being surprised by some of what you hear, but, from the response you have just shown, I have little doubt that you will soon find yourselves being both thrilled and intrigued. We are about to embark upon an exciting path that will be, to say the least, far different from anything ever known in the past. But, just look where this path may lead. Males have had their chance for thousands of years and, throughout, have botched it. Well, now it's our turn. Let&#8217;s see what the world is like after women have been able to run things for awhile!"

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;With this last remark, the Supreme Commander left the floor with the sound of a thunderous ovation ringing in her ears - the entire audience standing in unison with faces that glowed with both exhilaration and defiant pride. The deep show of respect filled her with moist-eyed emotion, but not to the extent that, just before entering the passage, it kept her from taking a final glance at two halves of Tom's skinned carcass hanging at the end of the first row.









THE FUTURE
By C

This story contains graphic descriptions of death and nudity, and is intended for ADULTS ONLY. It is fantasy and intended to be viewed as such. All individuals were created in the writer&#8217;s imagination, and any similarity at actual persons is nothing but coincidence.

PART II
CHAPTER 26
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander sat in her office and smiled with satisfaction as she closed the folder on a report containing the latest update. It was hard to believe that only three weeks had passed since that eventful day of the demonstration harvest" - so much had taken place. The enthusiastic response of the female populace had been unbelievable. In the days that followed they were informed of everything that was going to be done and had accepted everything, including the more startling and shocking aspects, with equal fervor. In spite of having to use temporary facilities, over six million men had been slain with their bodies adding four hundred and fifty thousand tons of meat to the desperate food shortage while, at the same time, eliminating the demand of eight thousand tons a day that would have been needed to feed them if still alive. In that one arena alone where it had first begun over thirteen thousand men had perished on the floor where Tom's life had come to an end.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The world was also becoming safer. The men that had been eliminated were ones found to be mentally unbalanced or dangerous, and, by so doing, the threat of revolt within the compounds had been reduced - and would continue with each passing day. And, the Supreme Commander found it to be almost unbelievable at the number of women who were flocking to indoor arenas around the world to watch the deadly activity taking place within with enthusiastic excitement. In addition, using women from the general population to perform the "harvestings" was proving to be highly successful, and, not only were they having no difficulty in finding themselves able to perform this endeavor, but, in so doing, were being caught up in the same degree of excitement as had she and her colleagues.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Women were also eagerly flocking to compounds, where, as she had predicted, men were voicing no objection in the least at allowing themselves to be blindfolded, gagged, and tied naked to a bed where an unseen women would enter to fondle, explore, and enjoy the pleasures offered by their aroused manhood, and, in so doing, were remaining content in their captivity by being provided the one pleasure that, for men, had been the most desired and sought after since their earliest creation.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The method being used for collecting semen for storing in sperm banks was also proving to be highly successful with the donors having no suspicion that their ejaculations were being caused as the result of a carefully planned procedure rather than from a woman getting carried away in the excitement of playing with a rigid penis. The only aspect in this regard that had not been anticipated was the extent to which those involved in carrying out what was proving to be a highly enviable assignment were finding their excitement being quite real instead of something merely pretended.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;In addition to meat being provided, male hides had been
found to make a high quality leather that was durable enough for many industrial applications. It was also extremely soft and supple making it ideal for being used in the manufacture of pocketbooks, wallets, shoes, belts, gloves, jackets, and other articles of clothing.
&nbsp;&nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Work was going full scale on new processing facilities with such gusto that construction was ahead of schedule. If the pace continued the facilities would be placed in operation to greatly increase the daily number of men being slain and processed much sooner than originally planned. The Supreme Commander paused for a moment and then smiled in realizing the ease she found herself thinking in an analytical manner of such activity taking place. It was almost as though slaughtering men for food had indeed become nothing more than a normal and routine occurrence.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Yes, much had changed in this short period of time - not only for the female population of the world but for the Supreme Commander as well. It would have been difficult for her to explain exactly what had brought it about, but she now looked at so many things in such a remarkably different manner that it was hard to think of herself as being the same person. The most remarkable, by far, was how she had come to look upon members of the doomed male population. The change had been so dramatic that she had indeed found herself feeling indifferent toward not only those that had already perished but for the over two billion that remained who were destined to suffer the same fate - they were, after all, only males.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The full extent of just how extreme her new outlook had become was best illustrated by the fact that it no longer disturbed her to think of the millions upon millions of young men that, in the end, would also be slain &#8211; even those that would be no older than eighteen. She didn't exactly relish the thought but, when everything was taken into consideration, they also were male. And this fact, and this fact alone, had become all that was needed. It was a far cry from the deep sadness and agony that had kept her lying awake at night only slightly more than five weeks ago. She would not have thought it possible at the time but there was one thing for which she had no doubt - she had no desire to return.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander had even reached the point that she found herself having no sadness for Tom. She still felt a tenderness toward him and admiration for the outstanding qualities that had been within him but, after everything was said and done, he had been a male. She shifted her gaze to the wall on her left upon which hung a polished plaque containing his mounted head and sex organs. It had been up there for almost two weeks, and, although it brought a renewed surge of pride and excitement each time she looked, she still found gazing upon it being almost as weird and unreal as it had been the very first time.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The workmanship was superb, and Tom's face looked so natural that he appeared to be alive - a feature that only served to enhance the strangeness of looking at a human head mounted in trophy-like fashion - to say nothing of the added strangeness brought on by the fact that this particular human head which appeared to be taking everything in while gazing blankly ahead was one she had known, and talked, and laughed with, and had seen express countless human emotions.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Tom's head, however, wasn't the only thing that brought forth a weird strangeness when gazed upon. The sight of an impressive set of human male sex organs mounted beneath in similar trophy-like fashion created an eerie and unreal sensation all on their own and, at least for a woman, one that was extremely exciting to gaze upon as well - especially when mounted as had been Tom's.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The penis was fully erect, sticking out rigid from a thick, curly patch of pubic hair, and pulling the scrotum so tight that the twin oval bulges that, although artificial, had been made from impressions taken of his testicles to duplicate their shape and size, were clearly outlined underneath. The hole gaped open at the tip of the swollen head which flared outward into a ridge that was strutted to the fullest extent possible.` It was a far cry from the limp meekness to which it had allowed itself to be manipulated and ridiculed by her soft, feminine hand.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander recalled the longing with which, at the time, she had wished that it could somehow have been possible to observe Tom's penis becoming rigid on his lifeless body and, while seeing it mounted this way on a plaque was not exactly the same, she had found it to come extremely close. In this regard, she considered it to be almost ironic that her choice to have it mounted in such a manner had nothing to do with wanting to satisfy a desire to view it when erect.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Her decision had been made days before his death when she had still been filled with sadness and, at the time, would have regarded any suggestion that it would result in bringing her sexual excitement as being totally ridiculous. In fact, she had been convinced that it would only serve to make her feel embarrassed and highly self-conscious. But she had thought that, as Supreme Commander, it would be essential for her trophy be seen as ridiculing, to the fullest extent possible, that which symbolized the very manhood of the young man she would slay and, in so doing, show continued disrespect toward her male victim. And, as had always been her nature, she had put personal feelings aside whenever they conflicted with what she thought to be her duty.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;But that was before, and, although the humiliating effect being displayed had proven to be everything anticipated, she was glad for a very different reason. Tom's penis, when erect, was every bit as impressive as she had imagined and, in spite of the extent of her earlier misgivings, was exciting to look at and also, to touch. And, she had indeed touched since gazing upon it for any length of time served to rekindle the sexual excitement that been generated on that eventful day. It had been an immense thrill when she discovered that the tanning process had no effect on its smooth and velvety softness. On more than one occasion, after intently studying the impressive features, she had found herself then looking wistfully at the face and saying - "Tom, my boy, you would have been one hell of a fuck." - Yes, much within her had indeed undergone a profound change.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; A buzzer on the Supreme Commander's desk interrupted her thoughts, and her secretary's voice came over the intercom to announce that Lisa had arrived. The Supreme Commander took a last glance at what hung on the wall and, in so doing, felt a slight misgiving. "I hope I'm doing the right thing by leaving it up there." She thought. "Well, it's too late now."
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The door opened, and a strikingly beautiful twenty two year old girl entered in a shy and hesitant manner. Her face glowed with such fresh, youthful innocence that the Supreme Commander's heart went out, and she quickly walked around her desk to give the girl a warm greeting before motioning to a sofa upon which both sat. "It's no wonder Tom had been unable to keep from falling in love with such a beautiful and charming girl." She thought.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lisa was clearly in awe and nervous at being in the presence of the most famous and important woman in the entire world. The Supreme Commander tried to ease the girl's tension by carrying on pleasant small talk about the weather and various things which continued for a few minutes before a period of silence was reached.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Lisa had been told beforehand as to what would be hanging on the wall, and it was at this point that she found herself unable to keep her eyes from flickering in that direction. She had intended to take only a brief glance but, instead, uttered a sharp intake of breath, and her eyes opened wide &#8211; a reaction the Supreme Commander seen from far more than one visitor that had entered her office and experienced the eerie shock of seeing, for the first time, a human head mounted upon a plaque. But Lisa managed to gain control much sooner than most, and, as she looked into Tom's familiar face, her eyes became moist. The Supreme Commander knew that, at least for a brief moment, the girl was lost in memories of another time.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lisa continued to look wistfully into Tom's face for several moments, and then, her face registering sadness, started to look away. She had made a deliberate effort to gaze only at his face, but, at the last moment, had been unable to keep her eyes from darting downward. The Supreme Commander found it difficult to keep from chuckling at what followed.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lisa had not been informed of the manner in which Tom's penis was mounted. Her head started to turn away after a brief glance, but then, she suddenly stopped and her head jerked back with both her mouth and eyes opening wide in a look that could only be described as pure amazement. She continued to gape in dumfounded disbelief for several moments until realizing, with a start, where she was, who she was with, and that the direction of her gaze was quite obvious. She quickly looked toward the floor with her face flushed and turning red.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Feeling it necessary to offer an explanation Lisa began to stammer. "I.., ugh.., I.., I've never seen, ugh.., seen that part of them.., ugh.., I mean.., ugh..., you know.., ugh.., stiff like that. I've.., ugh.., heard it talked about, but I never dreamed they could get so.., ugh.., so rigid and.., ugh.., so huge.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander put her arm around the girl's shoulder and apologized for failing to have Lisa informed beforehand at to what to expect. (She did not let on that the failure to do so had been deliberate on her part for the express purpose of bringing the very reaction that had taken place.) Then, in a caring manner, she explained that there was nothing for Lisa to be embarrassed about, that her reaction had been perfectly normal, and that it would have been almost impossible for any woman to have done different when unexpectedly being confronted with such an impressive display of that which defined the very essence of the male sex.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander was able to get Lisa to relax somewhat, and gently guided the girl into discussing what proved to be an extremely limited knowledge of the anatomy of a human male. Lisa said that there had been only one occasion when she had seen an unclothed man's body up close and had seen what he looked like down there.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander had known much of this beforehand but acted as though being caught somewhat off guard and said, "It's hard to see how this could be possible when considering that for the past few years cutting-off, cooking, and eating this part of them has become so commonplace that it's hard to imagine a woman not having done so on numerous occasions." Lisa, again blushing bright red said, I.., ugh.., I've never even seen any that's been cut-off either cooked or uncooked."
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;With the aid of gentle persuasion Lisa went on to explain. She had been raised in a rural area by a strict and protective mother who, for as long as Lisa could remember, had warned that soldiers were extremely dangerous from which she must hide at all times. Her mother had survived until almost the end of the war and, as a result, her influence had had a profound effect on the girl's upbringing. The result, since she had been very young at the stage of the war where no men remained in civilian life and boys had been put in training camps, was that Lisa had no remembrance of ever having been associated with a member of the opposite sex. In fact, she regarded males only in terms of being soldiers to be feared and avoided at all times. As a result, at lest until reaching eighteen, she knew nothing about physical differences except that, for the most part, men were bigger.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Fighting had never been extremely heavy in her area, but she had not been spared experiencing and observing the horrors of war. Her mother had been afraid to leave her daughter at home and had taken Lisa with her when having to go on errands or search for food. It was not uncommon on such occasions to see soldiers killed in skirmishes or to see the gory aftermath of bombing raids in towns located nearby. Finding food became increasingly difficult, and when the time of the war came that to avoid starvation women had been forced to start using the bodies of dead soldiers for food, themselves included, Lisa's mother had stopped letting her daughter accompany her when going out in search of one for this purpose &#8211; saying, "It wasn't proper for a girl to look at men when they didn't have clothes on." When asked why it wasn&#8217;t proper the reply was - Because they&#8217;re different and don&#8217;t ask me in what way because it&#8217;s something I&#8217;m not going to talk about.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Whenever her mother went off on one of these missions she would take Lisa to a concealed place in a wooded area near their home to hide until returning. Lisa had learned the hard way to not disobey and spent many boring hours in hiding. As she grew older, however, the waits became increasingly difficult and, in spite of the consequences to be faced if discovered, began to venture out and wonder in increasing distances from her hiding place. She felt safe in doing this since, by this time in the war, about the only danger from soldiers in the area were occasional patrols during the night who would always be gone before daybreak. They would, however, sometimes ambush each other and bodies of those killed would be left behind.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Lisa hesitated a moment at this point of her tale and then said that on one excursion from her hiding place she had come across a soldier that had been killed. With lowered eyes and blushing profusely she said, I.., er.., I did something that was very naughty."
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;With a little encouragement being applied she went on to bashfully explain that the occasion had occurred not long after reaching the age of eighteen. She was walking along a path in the woods when she went around a bend and came upon the body of a dead soldier lying on his side. She had seen many dead soldiers in the past and started to go by without giving him much thought. But then, she remembered her mother telling her that soldiers were different and how curious it had made her in wondering in what way. She looked around fugitively and then at the soldier. She stood for a long time debating with herself, but, in the end, curiosity overcame reluctance. After all, she was alone and no one would know.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; She walked tentatively up the soldier and pushed him on his back. She then took the knife from his belt and cut away his shirt and undershirt. He had a lot of hair on his chest and his breast were only shallow mounds with small nipples. He was indeed different, but not in a way that Lisa considered would be improper for a girl to look at. She took off his boots and socks, undid the buckle of his belt, cut down the legs of his pants and underpants, and pulled them off. For a long time, she could only gape in stunned disbelief at what was revealed. He had a dark patch of curly hair between his legs like she did but there, the resemblance ended. Protruding from the hair was a thick wormy looking thing lying curved sideways. Also, something that looked like sack made out of loose skin with two large bulges in it was hanging between his legs. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lisa might not have found herself being so dumfounded if she could have envisioned some apparent purpose for what she was looking at, but she could think of nothing whatsoever and, in knowing that in spite of this there had to be a reason for him being like that down there, it only made her confusion that much greater.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She had been so astonished and bewildered that she did not even think about what her mother's displeasure would be as she gaped at what lay before her. It was almost without conscious thought that she got down on hands and knees to take a closer look. The long, round wormy thing received her first attention. The skin had a lot of wrinkles except for a cone shaped thing at the end that was smooth and swelled out in a way that looked like some kind of knob. The knob looked like it had a hole at the tip that was closed but was not very big. She then realized that he did not have a hole between his legs like she did and wondered if this was what he had used to pee with. It was so small, however, that she did not see how he could have made very much pee come out.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lisa found herself becoming totally fascinated and wanting to find out more. But she couldn't do this by just looking - there was only one way to do that. It was at this point that she thought about what her mother's reaction would be if she ever found out, but, by now, it was too late and, even though a guilty feeling of doing something very naughty came over her, she had become so engrossed in wanting to discover more about this strange looking thing laying so passively before her that her curiosity had taken complete control.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She reached out slowly and, starting at the base, lightly ran her fingers along the curved shaft. She was surprised at how smooth and soft it was - especially the flared knobby thing at the end. She put her hand around the middle of the wormy thing and squeezed. It had a soft, spongy texture that mashed together while offering little resistance, and it made the knobby thing bulge even more.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She lightly grasped the knobby thing, lifted the dead soldier's wormy thing upright, and then turned loose. She had known it would fall down but was surprised at the speed with which it complied. It fell so fast that it bounced when landing in the hair before lying still - but only for a moment. It started to move on its own, and Lisa stared transfixed as, very slowly, it rolled sideways as though crawling inside the loose skin.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She placed her thumb and forefinger at the base of the wormy and pressed them together to see if she could make it stand up by holding it in this manner. She was startled when, instead, it flopped to the opposite side with a quickness and limpness she found hard to believe. But it had also been kind of funny to look at, and she repeated the maneuver several times while giggling at the way it flopped back and forth. Then, by mashing very slowly, she finally managed to make it stand somewhat upright &#8211; but certainly not straight. It curved over with the knobby thing pointing toward her instead of up.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lisa continuing to be totally bewildered in trying to think of a purpose as to why the soldier should have something that was so strange to pee with. It was a puzzling mystery, and she wanted to find out everything about it she could in the hope of discovering some type of clue. She continued her examination until she had done every possible thing she could think of. She saved the knobby thing till last, and, lifting it up, pointed it directly at her and looked closely at the end. The hole was nothing more than a small slit that gave the appearance of being sad. She found herself wondering why the wormy thing was so big around for a hole that was so little - it just didn't make any sense. She placed a thumb and finger on each side and pressed down which forced the hole to gape open and allowed her to look into the interior. She saw that it was somewhat bigger than it had appeared to be when closed &#8211; but not much. It was moist inside, but she was unable to see very far - even when moving it around until sunlight was shining directly in it.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When Lisa could think of nothing else to do to the soldier&#8217;s wormy thing, she turned her attention to the bulging, strange looking, skin sack that hung between his legs. She looked at how loose and wrinkly it was and then reached down and began feeling the two round things that were inside - hoping to get some clue as to why they were there and what on earth they were supposed to do. She found them to have the size, shape, and slick feel of large, peeled, broiled eggs. They would slip between her fingers when squeezed if not held firm, and each had something that felt like some kind of thick tube attached at the top. All of these discoveries proved to be quite intriguing, but they told her nothing in trying to find the purpose for the round things being there - in fact, she found herself more confused and mystified than before.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lisa was suddenly startled by a noise in the distance and, fearing someone might be coming, jumped up and quickly ran back the way she had come. When she was safely away she slowed down, and her mind turned to dwelling upon what she had seen between the soldier's legs. In so doing, her primary thoughts continued to be aimed at wondering what possible reason there could be for him having something so strange on his body for which there was no apparent purpose.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She had done everything she could think of in trying to find a reason, but, for all her efforts, it remained a total mystery. There was nothing she hadn't stared at, touched, stroked, fondled, squeezed, pinched, pulled, tugged, flipped, or jounced, and, in the process, had made many surprising and startling discoveries. But, in spite of all of this, she had been left completely puzzled. Even the fact that the she had determined that the long, limp, wormy thing at least served the purpose of being what he had used to pee with did little to clear up the mystery since it made no sense to have something so strange and unusual when a simple one like her own worked just fine.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The deep confusion that occupied Lisa's thoughts, however, did not prevent her from also finding herself being excited about all of the strange things she had discovered - even if they were totally baffling. Many of the things she had done to it and made it do had struck her as being quite funny to the point of being unable to keep from laughing and giggling.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;There was also something she found herself being pleased about. She now at least knew everything there was to know about what soldiers looked like without any clothes on, especially down there, and she wouldn't have to wonder any more. And finally, although she didn't know the reason, she found herself feeling a strange type of excitement that was somehow different from anything she had ever experienced before.

(It was no coincidence that the things Lisa told of doing to the dead soldier&#8217;s genitals had been remarkably similar to what the Supreme Commander had also done to Tom&#8217;s. Activity such as this had been found to be typical for what the majority of women had done after stripping the clothing from slain bodies of soldiers prior to being cut-up for food. This was especially true for young women when stripping a body for the first time who, like Lisa, had had no prior knowledge either of human male anatomy and therefore, had found themselves being both stunned and bewildered when observing such an astonishing difference in a man&#8217;s body than their own. And, also like Lisa, had found themselves being so mystified and curious that they had been unable to keep from examining and exploring these strange objects in trying to find some logical purpose and, in so doing, had found themselves experiencing a great deal of both amusement and excitement to such extent that it had been repeated, again and again, for no other reason than of enjoyment being caused to such extent that it never grew old &#8211; regardless of the amount of repetition. It was in knowing such manner being highly typical that, in planning how an activity aimed at playfully taunting and humiliating male sex organs during the demonstration harvest should be done, the decision had been made for it to be performed in a way that the vast majority of the female population had done also. In this way, women would remember their own experiences and exciting emotions that had been caused. They would remember being told in the televised campaign about it only being natural to have deep seated inner feelings such as these, and that they should be accepted and allowed to go free. And when not only observing their Supreme Commander and her esteem colleges openly doing the same things to a naked male&#8217;s lifeless body, but also displaying heightened amusement and excitement, they would surely find themselves accepting what they had been told as undoubtedly being true. As it had been everything else that had taken place, such had indeed been the case.)

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; In the days that followed, Lisa had been unable to get her recent adventure out of her mind and thought of little else. It troubled her some in knowing she had done something that would make her mother angry if she knew, and Lisa disliked doing things that would displease her mother. &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;But, with the active imagination that comes so readily with youth, her thoughts of what she had seen and done often became so vivid that it was almost as though the adventure was once again taking place. She would giggle when picturing some of the more amusing activities, and, whenever her thoughts lasted any length of time, she would find the strange excitement she had experienced at the time being rekindled. On some of the occasions when her thoughts were especially vivid, she became aware of a tingly feeling between her legs that she had not known before. But, things that were different had been happening down there for the last five or six years that her mother said was normal for all girls, and she found no reason to suspect that this latest feeling might in some way be connected with what she was thinking about.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When Lisa reached nineteen her mother, realizing that that her daughter was becoming an adult, reluctantly allowed her to become a member of the women&#8217;s underground. It was in this way that, for the first time in her life, Lisa found herself having a large circle of acquaintances and, in so doing, gained an increasing awareness of things that were taking place. One of these was to find out that women were cooking and eating soldier's "dicks" and "nuts". (Lisa had heard others using these terms so often that she started doing it also.) She never observed any women actually doing this, but she heard it talked about to such an extent that there could be no doubt. And, the way it was raved about also made it clear that the quality and taste must indeed be truly amazing. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lisa's expanding knowledge, however, served to give her a knowledge of "dicks" that went beyond making a fabulous meal. She came to know the meaning and horrors of rape from hearing accounts from others telling of what had happened to someone they knew. At first, she found it hard to believe that something as limp as what she had discovered could become stiff, but the terrifying descriptions removed all doubt that soldiers did indeed have a way of making this happen. In spite of the fact that no one could offer any explanation as to how such a seemingly impossible feat was accomplished, Lisa was forced to accept that somehow, someway, it could not only be done but, in so doing, would cause such excruciating pain and terror that being raped was something for women to fear more than even death.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The frequency which Lisa heard of women being raped made her realize that it would only be a matter of time before it happened to someone she knew. She never suspected, however, that when this occurred the victim would be a girl named Sally that had become her best friend. "She had barely turned nineteen." Lisa said with eyes becoming moist. "She and another girl were hiding each in a different place from soldiers. But the soldiers found Sally though.., dragged her out.., and beat her up real bad. And.., and, then they ripped off her clothes.., held her down.., and.., and, raped her."
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"There were over thirty of them. They didn't take their pants off but just unzipped them and pulled their dicks out. All the other girl could do was watch. She said that even though Sally was barely conscious after being beat-up that she started to struggle and screamed out something terrible when the first soldier started sticking his dick in her. He had trouble at first and had to use a lot of force to get it in all the way, but it got easier after he did it several times, and he started going real fast and hard. Sally kept struggling and screaming out so loud that the girl could hardly believe how bad the pain must have been. The soldier kept on like this until, all of a sudden he yelled out and jerked while thrusting his dick forward and holding it inside as far as it would go."
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"He then got off of Sally, and when he stood up the other girl saw that there was blood on his dick and that some kind of milky looking stuff was dripping out of the hole. The other soldiers followed, one after another, and they did it real fast and hard also. And, in addition to sticking their dicks in her, a lot of them squeezed her breast real hard and chewed on them. Some even bit so hard that they started to bleed."
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"They would all yell out and jerk like the first soldier did just before they would stop. The amount of blood on their dicks kept getting worse and worse, and after about ten or so had raped her their dicks were bright red. It even started getting on the front of their pants, but this didn't seem to bother them very much &#8211; they just kept on even when it got real bad."
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Sally struggled and screamed for a long time, but then it started getting less and less until she stopped and lay still, and the girl could tell from the look on Sally's face that she was dead. But even being dead didn't stop them. They just kept right on raping her and during the entire time they were all laughing and hollering".
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"After they finally finished raping her they looked at her laying there dead and all bruised and bleeding. And they laughed like it was one of the funniest things they had ever seen. Some of them kicked her and even spit on her. And then one of them picked up a large stick and jammed it inside her as hard as he could, and they all seemed to think this was especially funny."
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"When they finally went away they left her laying like that, and the girl could hear them still laughing for a long way off. She had been so scared that, even long after the soldiers were gone, she just kept hiding and looked at Sally laying in a pool of blood. It was only when some women came hours later and found them that the girl came out and told what happened."
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lisa's eyes brimmed with tears. "Sally was my best friend, and, for no reason at all, she was dead. I had learned a long time ago to accept people being killed by bombs and things because of the war. In fact, it's something that I came to expect was going to happen sooner or later to just about everyone - including me. But Sally wasn't dead because of something that happened from the war. She was dead because some soldiers just wanted to have fun. They treated her like she wasn't even a person - or even anything that had been a living creature for that matter."
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"To them.., she was just something to play with.., and destroy.., and then discard as though she was nothing. But she wasn't nothing.. She was a bright, beautiful, girl who loved life and was full of spirit and happiness.. And just because some soldiers wanted to have fun - she was dead. It meant nothing to them that a vibrant, young life had come to an end and would never again see the sunshine or know happiness. And they had cared less that she died in terror.., and in agony.., and in terrible pain. All they did was laugh.. I lost my best friend just so soldiers could have fun and laugh."
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander reached out compassionately and held Lisa's hand tightly. "That's horrible Lisa. I'm so sorry. Her death was indeed tragic and senseless. Unfortunately, Sally wasn't the only one. Millions upon millions of women were raped and murdered during the war for no other reason than because soldiers wanted to have fun."
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lisa nodded. "I know." She said in a somber tone. "I know."










&nbsp; THE FUTURE
By C

PART II
CHAPTER 27
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander smiled kindly at the girl seated beside her whose cheeks, in spite of the sadness brought on from talking of her friend&#8217;s death, still flushed pink from being embarrassed at what she had revealed of things she did to a dead soldier years ago. Lisa's life had known nothing but the suffering, pain, horrors, and atrocities of an insane war, but she had somehow managed to retain a refreshing, childlike innocence. It had been much the same with Tom but, also like Tom, the outward appearance was deceiving.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;In spite of Lisa's childlike innocence, the Supreme Commander knew that she was looking at not only a very compassionate young woman, but one that was also very brave and courageous. The vast majority of young women her age that survived the war possessed the latter of these qualities, but in considering all that had taken place - especially during the latter years &#8211; finding them combined with an innocence of this type was almost nonexistent. And for men, it was even far rarer which made it all the more remarkable for these two young lives to cross paths in manner that had such a profound impact on both.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander knew there was a great deal more to Lisa's and Tom's encounter than the basic account Lisa had given when first interviewed, and she turned the subject toward discussing Tom. Lisa had been somewhat reluctant, but, after some gentle persuasion, began to tell what had occurred.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She had been delayed in starting home one day due to an underground meeting lasting longer than expected and, being anxious to get home before dark, had foolishly decided go through a large town rather than take the usual long way around. Her mother had often cautioned that the town could be very dangerous, especially when it started getting late. No soldiers had been seen in the town for some time, however, and Lisa did not think there was any great risk. But, as she rounded a corner she found herself suddenly confronted by a group of six soldiers. She turned to flee, but one of the soldiers lunged forward and grabbed her arm.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"What's your hurry girlie?" He snarled and then, still holding her arm, pulled her down the sidewalk and into an alley where he shoved her roughly on her back to the pavement. "My.., but you're a pretty little thing." He said with a sneer while his eyes roamed over her. "And no more than nineteen or twenty either. Boys..! I do believe we've found ourselves a virgin." One of the other soldiers started to reach for her, but the one that had grabbed her and had done the talking pushed him away. "Oh no you don't!" He yelled. "You'll all get a turn - but I go first."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;There had been no doubt in Lisa's mind as to what was being implied, and total panic gripped her at the realization that what had become her greatest fear was about to happen - she was going to be raped.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The soldier stood over her and looked down with a leering sneer whose effect was made even more menacing by the sight of a large bulge pressing out from the left leg of his pants. "Stop trembling you dumb bitch!" He snarled and reached down and slapped her. "This is going to be your lucky day. In a few minutes you're going to be begging ole Billy not to stop." He then reached down and grabbed the front of her blouse. Lisa's terror surged even higher in realizing that she wasn't wearing anything underneath.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;But, just as the thin fabric started to tear, the soldier released his grip and jerked up as a shot rang out and a loud voice in a commanding tone yelled - "Back off..!"&nbsp; Lisa desperately looked in the direction of the voice and saw a young soldier pointing his rifle at the one standing over her. But the other five soldiers had rifles also and were turning to point them at the newcomer. Seeing this, the one standing over Lisa sneered and said, "What's the matter Tom..? Afraid we'll leave you out? Don't worry.., there's enough for everyone. In fact.., if this bitch's pussy turns out to be half as hot and tight as I'm thinking we'll probably all be having seconds. That ought to suit you."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The young soldier, however, did not move and kept his rifle leveled. "Just back off and leave Billy." He said. The one that had been called Billy became enraged. "Oh..! I know..! You want the cherry huh..? Is that it..? Well.., I afraid that's something you can't have.. I'll tell you what I told the others - I go first. Look, you dumb idiot! Five rifles are pointing at you. You don't have a chance. Now put that damn thing down and just wait your turn."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The young soldier still did not move and looked the other in the eye. "Yeah, I know." He Said. "They can take me out.., but not before I get you first and, since you all look a little drunk.., probably one or two of them also. All of you know that I don't miss what I shoot at, and, as long as I'm left standing, nobody touches that girl. You boys can either leave or start shooting. Me..? I'm staying right where I am. It's your play."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They all stood silent for what to Lisa had seemed to be an eternity. She looked at the young soldier and, even in her extreme fear, was surprised by what she saw in his eyes. They were remarkably calm but, at the same time, alert with a cold hardness that displayed a manner of someone who had total confidence in himself. His look left little doubt that he meant everything he said and had no intention of backing down. There had also been little doubt that his threat to kill, if need be, had not been idle and would be carried out even though it would mean himself dying in the process. In looking at him Lisa had felt a strange chill. There was something disturbing in his manner - something was missing, but she had been far too afraid at the time to contemplate what it might be.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The other five soldiers were obviously waiting for Billy to tell them what to do. Lisa looked up at him and saw a great different in what she had seen in his adversary. His eyes glared at the young soldier with rage, but they also twitched nervously and showed fear. Billy then dropped his gaze and said, "Oh What the hell! One stupid piece ain't worth the risk of getting shot when there's plenty more out there for the taking. Go ahead you dumb bastard! If getting a damn cherry and keeping it all to yourself is that fucking important then she's all yours! Be my guest! I hope you enjoy yourself!" With that he turned and stalked off with the others, showing obvious relief, following meekly behind.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;As soon as the departing soldiers had turned the corner of the ally, the young soldier yelled at Lisa to get behind a large trash container that was a short distance away, and he did so in a harsh tone that left little doubt he expected to be obeyed. She was far too afraid not to do as told, and scrambled toward it. He backed up as she did until both were behind it, and he then knelt at the corner of the container with his rifle raised and pointing in the direction where the others had disappeared. His actions clearly showed that he was highly suspicious at the ease with which they had given in and was expecting some type of surprise attack.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lisa was too terrified to move and lay in a huddle. The thought that she might have been rescued never entered her mind. Even though the soldier looked to be not much older than herself he was still a soldier, and there had been no mistaking the implications of the other soldier's parting words. And, even if they hadn't been spoken, she would have still come to the same conclusion. What other possible reason would he risk getting shot and killed unless he had a strong desire to rape her himself?

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She tried to find some comfort in thinking that at least it would be only one instead of six, but she could not forget the look she had seen in his eyes that had somehow disturbed her. It was then that the reason came. It wasn't so much what she had seen but what she didn't. There had been no emotion - no fear - no anger &#8211; no caring. There had only been a calm, coldness about them that gave the impression that he could have killed or been killed, and, either way, it would be of no great importance. And it was for this reason that, even though she would be raped by only one instead of six, it made Lisa feel that he was capable of being far more cruel and dangerous - and her fear grew.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lisa remained laying in a huddle, but soldier continued to watch the end of the ally and seemed to pay her no notice. The wait was proving to be far worse for Lisa to endure than when her fear had come with numbing suddenness. She now had time to think, and, in so doing, it came to her that if the soldier had not made the others go away that they would have been finished with her by now. She would probably be dead - but at least it would be over. But now, she was having to wait knowing that the horrors she must endure still lay ahead and making her wonder if the pain of being raped would be truly as unbearable and excruciating as she had heard.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Her dread of being raped was so great that the thought that he would probably beat her first brought a glimmer of hope instead of adding to her fear. If he beat her real bad maybe she would be so dazed she wouldn't feel the pain quite as much when he raped her. Maybe she would even be unconscious - but that was probably too much to hope for. This caused her to wonder what he would do afterward. She knew that he would probably kill her, but.., how would he do it..? She again thought of the coldness she had seen in his eyes and felt sure that it would be in a very brutal manner.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;For some strange reason, thinking she would soon be dead did not add greatly to Lisa's fears. Like most women, living under the threat of death on a daily basis had long ago caused her to accept that it was probably only a matter of time until she would either be killed or die from some sickness. And, since death would at least put an end to the hardship and suffering being endured, it was not all that much to be afraid of. The realization that it was probably almost at hand created a strange calm in her in spite of knowing that excruciating pain must first be endured.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The calming effect caused Lisa's thoughts to turn toward wondering, in an almost abstract manner, how she would be left after being killed. She decided that it would probably be like the girl had described about Sally - lying on her back naked with her legs spread and providing an unrestricted view of what lay between. He would probably leave her lying like that right there in the alley - in full view of anyone that came along. If it happened to be women that found her they would feel sorrow and take her away if possible - or, if not, at least find something to put over her. But, with night coming, the chances were far more likely that it would be more soldiers. And, if she was laying there naked, they would find themselves being unable to just walk by and give no notice. It would be the same for them as it had been for her after she had taken the clothes off the dead soldier in the woods. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They would stop and look real close the way she had looked. And then they would touch - the way she had touched, explore - the way she had explored, maybe even look inside - as she had looked inside. But, she knew that they would probably not stop after doing this as she had stopped. They would continue, and.., she would again be raped - maybe many times if there were a lot of them. She knew that a woman being dead didn't seem to matter all that much to soldiers. And, since she would be dead, it wouldn't matter to her either &#8211; at least not then. But while she was alive she found that thinking about lying on her back naked and having soldier's doing all of those things to her, even if dead, did matter - it mattered a lot.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The soldier did not even glance in Lisa's direction while these thoughts were going through her mind. He stayed in a kneeling position looking down the alley the entire time - alert for the slightest noise or movement. When he finally seemed satisfied that there was no immediate threat he glanced toward the other end of the alley and asked Lisa if she knew what was in that direction. Lisa had been expecting him to beat and rape her right there, and, being caught by surprise, had hesitated in giving an answer. A moment latter, she had no opportunity to respond. The air was suddenly filled with the wailing of air-raid sirens which were followed almost immediately by the deep drone of bombers indicating, as was often the case, that the warning was late in coming.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The building that Lisa and the soldier had been next to was a deserted warehouse, and he quickly grabbed her arm and pulled her a though a door that was hanging open. They entered the large interior and had gotten only part way across the open floor when bombs began to fall with several emitting shrill screams that the soldier's trained ear told him would hit close by. He yelled at Lisa to get down and shoved her backwards to the floor while throwing himself on top of her. An instant later, a bomb exploded in the alley at the very place they had been moments earlier - blowing a hole in the wall of the building and showering them with debris.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The building shook as bombs continued to fall close by, and then gradually diminished with the sounds of explosions becoming more distant. The soldier looked around the dust filled room - listened intently - and then appeared satisfied that the danger had passed. It had only been at that moment that he realized he was laying full length on top of Lisa who had fallen on her back. He immediately jumped to his feet and, with his face turning red, stammered an apology. He then looked at her with concern and asked if she had been hurt.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;For some reason, however, he quickly diverted his gaze and again looked embarrassed. He than took off his field jacket, and, still looking away, handed it to her to put it on. This caused Lisa to look down, and she saw that the tear in her blouse was revealing the upper part of her left breast. (In describing it to the Supreme Commander she had said - "It wasn't really that much. All you could see was where it swelled some at the top - not enough to be able to see my, ugh.., you know.")

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lisa had been dumfounded, to say the least, by the soldier's actions. As the bombs had been falling she had been surprised that he used his body to shield her instead of the other way around &#8211; and now this. And the harsh tone he had used earlier was gone, and, even more remarkable, the cold and unemotional look that had previously been in his eyes had been replaced by an embarrassed shyness. Instead of being a soldier - he somehow seemed to have changed and become a person. A person that had feelings and compassion. It was only at this moment that the thought came to Lisa that maybe he did not intend to beat, rape, and kill her after all.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A loud crash in the alley caused the soldier's embarrassed manner to vanish, and he instantly once again become alert. He signaled her to stay quite, crawled to the opening in the wall that had been left by the bomb blast, and once again took a kneeling position with his rifle raised. He stayed unmoving in this manner for a long time and then appeared satisfied. He came back and sat down next to Lisa - although still remaining watchful of the opening.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Probably just something loose falling off the building." He said. "I doubt if Billy and his boys would still be hanging around after the bombing, but it's best not to take chances. If you're wondering how I know them we're in the same regiment. Different battalion, but we know each other. But we're not friends or anything like that. They're nothing but trouble. I've heard them bragging about things they had done to women, but I always thought it was mostly just talk." He gave a short, bitter laugh. "Guess I was wrong."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The soldier got to his feet and again went cautiously back to the opening, looked both ways, and then up at the sky. He then came back and again sat down next to Lisa. "The sun will be down soon." He said. "It's too dangerous to be out there after dark." He then looked uncomfortably at Lisa with his face again turning red. "I'm, er.., I'm afraid we're going to have to stay here tonight. You don't have to worry though." He added quickly. "I won't.., er.., try anything. When it gets morning I'll take you home."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lisa looked with bewilderment at his earnest and embarrassed face. "I don't understand." She said. "You risked your life to stop those other soldiers from doing horrible things to me, and then you risked it again to shield me from the bombs. And now you say that you're not going to do anything to me except take me home?" She shook her head in dismay. "But.., but, you're a soldier."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He looked questionably at Lisa. "What does being a soldier have to do with anything? Do you think just because I'm a soldier that I'm like those jerks? You think all soldiers are like that? Lisa hesitated. This was exactly what she thought, but she was afraid it might make him angry if she were to admit it. "Well." She said. "I've never been around any soldiers so I don't really know very much about them. But, er.., for as long as I can remember my mother has told me that soldiers can be very dangerous, and we always hide anytime we see soldiers &#8211; even when they are at a distance. And, whenever they came close, mother always gets real scared in a way that&#8217;s a lot different than at any other time like when bombs are falling."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The soldier though a moment and then shook his head in understanding. "Well, I can't argue with that." He said. "Most soldiers are OK &#8211; but certainly not all. There are plenty out there that are indeed dangerous - especially for women. It's a lot safer for you to hide from all soldiers than take a chance of being caught by any of those bastards."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The soldier's eyes then got a far away look that became very cold. "I know well enough the things they do to women. I've seen it too many times afterward not to know. Sometimes you find them laying out in the open, but most of the time, it's when your fighting house to house and go inside a place to check it out. They're usually on a bed or the floor - but sometimes in other ways like hanging from a wall or the ceiling. And it&#8217;s unbelievable at some of the things that have been done to them. A lot of times there's not much left - not much that can be recognized anyway. More times than not it&#8217;s girls no older than yourself or even younger. When you see something like that you just.., just.." The soldier did not continue, but the look of cold anger in his eyes become even more intense with a fierceness that caused Lisa to shudder. It had been as though he had forgotten she was there, and he spoke with a coldness in his voice that matched the look in his eyes. "If I ever come across a piece of scum doing something like that..." His voice trailed off without finishing, but there was no doubt his meaning, and, in looking at him, Lisa again found a shudder going through her.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The soldier suddenly jerked his head, and the anger in his eyes quickly faded. "I'm sorry." He said. "I guess I got a little carried away. It's just that it's hard to believe that some of the things I&#8217;ve seen could have been done by a human - or someone that's suppose to be human anyway." He looked earnestly at Lisa. "You keep on doing exactly as your mother says and always hide." His face then took on a look of chagrin as he realized the foolishness of such advice after what she had just experienced. "I'm sorry. I, er, I guess that sounded kind of dumb." He paused for a moment and then, looking for a way to change the subject, said - "My name's Tom by the way. What's yours?"

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I&#8217;m Lisa. She replied. I don&#8217;t know how to thank you for what you did. I can&#8217;t believe how brave you were. And you were so calm like, er.., like it didn&#8217;t even matter that you might have been killed. Tom laughed. There wasn&#8217;t really that much danger. I know that bunch well enough to know they would back down as long as I didn&#8217;t turn my back. He then surged his shoulders. But the chance of being killed doesn&#8217;t bother me any more. The war&#8217;s been going on for so long and, with no end in sight, you come to realize that it&#8217;s only a matter of time before your number&#8217;s going to come up. It&#8217;s something you learn to live with. I just hope that when the day comes it will be quick.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lisa and Tom sat next to each other as it grew dark. At first, she found it difficult trying to have a conversation with a soldier, but, as they talked, her fear of him began to fade and, with it, the difficulty of carrying on a conversation until she was chatting and laughing. Tom seemed to want her to talk mostly about herself, and she told him of her mother and of things she had done - not anything about finding a dead soldier in the woods of course.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She tried to get him to talk about himself but found him to be very shy and unwilling to say very much. But she found herself admiring him from what little he did reveal and at what could be read between the lines in what was not said. And she found herself looking more and more into his face and becoming intrigued at the shy way he smiled and, most of all, at seeing the extent of expressions being reflected in his eyes - laughter, tenderness, gentleness, concern, sorrow, compassion, and so much more. She had though it impossible that soldiers could have such feelings and, in discovering it, found it caused her to admire him all the more.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The point was reached where Lisa found herself looking upon Tom in terms of being a friend instead of a soldier. In fact, although she didn't quite understand what it was, she had started to feel something toward him that was somehow different from simply being a friend. And whatever this something was, it caused her to feel a strange type of excitement she had never known before. In addition, he had started to look at her in a way that was also different from before, and, whatever it was, it was in a way that she found she liked.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It had gotten quite dark as Lisa and Tom talked, but then, the room was suddenly bathed in bright moonlight. "Damn!" Tom said, looking at the opening. "I was hoping those clouds would stay. I guess I'd better go and keep a lookout. You need to be getting some sleep anyway." He untied a rolled-up raincoat from his knapsack and handed it to Lisa saying, "Here, you can use this for your head."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lisa's hand touched Tom's as she took the garment which, for some reason, caused a strange tingle of excitement to go through her. It appeared to have had the same effect on Tom also and, for a moment, both appeared reluctant for the contact to be broken. Then, blushing, Tom pulled away and stammered, "Well.., er.., goodnight", and he got up and walked over to the opening where he sat and took up a vigil looking outside.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lisa rested her head on the raincoat but was not sleepy - nor.., was she afraid. Although Tom had tried to act casual she knew from his manner that he felt there was potential danger out there. But, in spite of this, there was something reassuring about seeing him nearby, and it made her feel safe. As time passed, however, she found herself beginning to feel something else entirely. She described it in this manner: "I lay there looking at him and thinking how brave he had been in risking his life to save me. There was no doubt that I would be dead if it wasn&#8217;t for him. Even if the other soldiers hadn't killed me they would have left me laying there after being raped, and I would have been killed by the bombs."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lisa began to blush. "And thinking about the bombs made me remember the way he had been laying on top of me when they were falling, and I started thinking how he had been pressing against my breast and ugh.., down there also. I knew that his, ugh.., had been against mine with only our clothes keeping them from touching. And you know..? I started to feel kind of tingly down there.. I remembered having a feeling that was something like that before but, at first, couldn't place it. But then, it came to me that it had been during some of the times I had been picturing in my mind of things I had done to that dead soldier."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"But, this time, the feeling got a lot worse and I began to get tingly and excited all over - but mainly ugh.., down there. It started feeling in a way that I had never known before like it was actually wanting something to be put inside it and, although my mind was telling me I was being a fool, I knew exactly what that something was. I looked at Tom and started thinking about what he would look like without, ugh.., without clothes on and his, ugh.., you know.., ugh.., being stiff. This made me get even more excited and made me feel like, ugh.., it.., ugh.., it being in there might actually feel good instead of hurting."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lisa's face had turned extremely red in telling this part of her story, and she looked down at the floor to avoid any eye contact. But, she had reached a point where she found herself unable to stop. "I knew that what I was thinking was dumb, but, in spite of it, I couldn't stop feeling like I did. And I began to wonder if maybe he was thinking about me laying on the floor close by, and, if so, if he was thinking about me that way also. And, if he was, maybe it would get so strong that he would come over and rape me even though he had said he wouldn't. And, er.., and thinking that there was maybe a chance that this might actually happen only increased how I was feeling until I even started hoping that he really would. I knew that he would probably beat me up first, and I didn't like thinking about that. But I didn't think he would beat me real bad unless I tried to fight back or get away - and.., believe it or not.., I knew that I wouldn't do either one."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lisa hesitated while continuing to look at the floor. She was finding it difficult to continue but, with the Supreme Commander's gentle urging, managed to summon the courage. "I know you'll think I'm wicked, but I even did something that I thought might actually help to encourage him. His jacket was way too big for me and had hung so loose that I hadn't bothered to zip it up. I pretended to be asleep and moved around some until it fell open so that if he glanced in my direction, which I felt sure he would do sooner or later, he would be able to see the tear in my blouse and the top of my, ugh, breast. And maybe, if he thought I was asleep, he would keep looking instead of getting embarrassed like before. I glanced down to see if the jacket was open enough, and I saw that laying on my side had pressed my breast against the floor and pushed it up so that it swelled out of the torn place which was stretched real tight and gaping open so wide that a little bit of, ugh.., the brown part at the top of, ugh.., my nipple showed."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lisa blushed even more. "I know you'll find this hard to believe.., but it made a thrill go through me to realize that if Tom looked around he would see a lot more that before. The material of my blouse was real thin, and I even pressed down on the floor to see if the pressure would make the tear longer so that, ugh.., more of my, ugh.., nipple would show. It didn't, but, for some reason, it, ugh.., you know.., ugh.., had gotten real&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; hard, and, ugh.., this got me excited thinking that he would at least be able to see the, ugh.., the bulge."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I lay real still, pretending to be asleep, but I kept one eye open just enough to be able to see. Part of me was embarrassed and finding it hard to believe that I was actually doing such a thing. I mean.., all he had to do was turn around, and he would see. But.., at the same time, another and much bigger part of me was getting even more excited, and the tingling down there got a lot worse."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I was real nervous and scared course. I knew I was doing something real dumb just because of feeling tingly down there and thinking that maybe being raped would feel good instead of hurting. But I knew from everything I had ever heard that, not only would it hurt, but would be the most excruciating pain I had ever known. And, regardless of how I was feeling down there, there was no logical reason for me to believe that if Tom really did rape me that it wouldn't be every bit as bad as I had been told. And, although I was thinking that he wouldn't beat me up all that much before he raped me I couldn't really be sure of this either. I had already seen how he could change in ways that frightened me, and I had no way of knowing just how he might react if he were to look, and it really did make him come over."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"For all I knew, he might become wild and loose control, beat me unmercifully, and then rape me so brutally that it would hurt far worse than anything I could possibly imagine. And afterward, if he decided to kill me he might do it in some slow and painful and horrible manner. And yet.., in spite of this.., I was actually going out of my way to encourage him. I knew I was being very foolish and taking a tremendous risk, but it was something I just couldn't seem to control."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I lay real still and pretended to be asleep with part of me being excited and wanting Tom to turn around and another part being afraid that he would. But he just sat there looking outside. My excitement started to calm down some as time passed, and I found myself getting more and more apprehensive. I also started feeling more and more ashamed until it got so bad that I pulled the jacket back down. I calmed down a whole lot after this, and it wasn't long afterward that I went to sleep."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I'm can't be sure, but I think I roused up just a little some time during the night and saw Tom sitting like he had been before with his back to me. I must have made some kind of sound though because he glanced in my direction but then, turned away real quick. He sat still for a minute or two and then it looked like he started to move his head toward me several times but would jerk back like there was something he wanted to look at but, on the other hand, was trying not to. But then.., real slow and hesitant like.., he turned his head until he was looking right at me. And.., this time.., he kept on looking."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I guess I was still mostly asleep though. I don't really know if it happened at all because the next thing I remember is waking up hearing Tom calling and saying that the sun was coming up and that it was time to leave."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I was startled at first and didn't realize where I was until I looked over and saw Tom kneeling by the hole in the wall and looking outside. I was lying on my back with my left arm up over my head, and I yawned and started to answer when, all of a sudden, I felt a breeze on my breast. I looked down and couldn't believe what I saw. I must have moved around in my sleep because not only was the jacket laying wide open, but my blouse had ripped a lot more so that my entire breast was, er.., all the way out, and, with my arm being up, it was being pulled up which made it stick out even more."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I yanked the jacket closed as fast as I could and glanced at Tom real quick but he was still looking outside. I was relieved that he hadn't turned around, but then I noticed he was acting different than when he had been watching the night before. I mean, it was almost too much - like he was trying to appear to be a lot more interested in looking at things outside than he really was."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I felt my face turning red as I realized the reason - he had seen everything but was trying to pretend like he hadn't. I was so embarrassed that I just lay there not knowing what to do. It was only then that I remembered what I had done before going to sleep. All of what I had been feeling then had gone away though, and I found it hard to believe that I had actually deliberately opened the jacket and was wanting him to turn and look. But.., as bad as that had been.., at least he would have only seen the upper part of my breast and, ugh.., the bulge. I knew that, regardless of how excited I might have been at the time, I would never have dared to try and make all of it show like it was doing when I woke up."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I knew that Tom could have looked at me for a long time while I was asleep if he had wanted, but, at first, I thought that it had probably been like the day before when he had turned away real fast after a brief glance. But then.., it came to me that it seemed like I could remember waking up during the night and what happened - or a least what I thought happened. It was so vague that it might have just been a dream, but it seemed very real - especially in remembering the way he had turned away real fast at first but then.., thinking I was asleep.., had been unable to resist turning back. And.., the more I thought about it.., the more I became convinced that it hadn't been a dream at all but had really happened."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"But do you know what..? Instead of it making me even more embarrassed.., thinking about Tom looking at my exposed breast while I was asleep started to make me feel kind of pleased and excited. It didn't get to be anything like the night before, but still.., I did begin to get a little bit tingly down there again, and I could feel my.., er, nipples getting hard. But, at the same time, I knew it would embarrass me to no end if Tom knew I was aware of how he had looked, and I knew it would embarrass him real bad also."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I couldn't just keep on laying there, though, so I sat up, gave a big yawn like I had just woke up, and then, trying to sound real casual and cheerful, called out - "Good morning". Tom looked around but was real tentative at first, and then.., a look of relief came over his face when he saw the that jacket was not only closed but, from the way I was acting, had sat up without being aware of how it had been. But, he was also blushing quite a bit, and he seemed to have trouble looking right at me like he was ashamed about something. I knew for certain then that I hadn't been dreaming. I felt my face starting to turn red, but I don't think Tom noticed since he was having trouble looking directly at me."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The remainder of Lisa's and Tom's brief acquaintance had been largely uneventful - as least until the end. They left almost immediately after Lisa had gotten up, and, as Tom escorted Lisa home, his attention was primarily directed on constantly looking around for potential danger. But he also still appeared to be ashamed about something and made no attempt to start a conversation beyond making only a few brief comments.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lisa found herself not being in a talkative mood either. Tom's evasive manner had served to convince her even more that he had indeed done more than take a brief glance. This continued to excite her some, but, in the light of day, she was finding it extremely difficult in trying to come to grips with what had come over her the night before.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She knew that she had been feeling deep gratitude toward Tom for what he had done, but the though of her finding herself actually wanting him to come over and rape her was beyond all comprehension - to say nothing of what she had done to actually encourage it. If fact, she found it to be so inconceivable that she began to wonder if the whole thing had just been some kind of weird dream. If it was, it was by far the most vivid dream she had ever had, but she had never been on the verge of being raped by a group of soldiers or experienced anything near that amount of sheer terror that this had caused.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Tom and Lisa were halfway across the open ground leading to her house when her mother rushed out the door carrying a rifle. She was yelling almost hysterically and screaming at Tom to get away from her daughter. Tom held up both hands trying to show he meant no harm, and Lisa jumped in front of him and called out trying to tell her mother that everything was all-right. But their efforts had no effect on her mother's frantic behavior, and she started firing the rifle in the air while still yelling at Tom to get away. Tom saw no alternative but to comply and, after mumbling that he had to be going anyway, turned and made a hasty retreat back toward the woods - leaving Lisa, still wearing his jacket, staring after him in dismay.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lisa's mother rushed up, still in a state of near hysteria, asking Lisa if she was all right and what had that "bastard" done to her? But, instead of trying to assure her mother that she was unharmed, Lisa, seeing Tom disappearing in the woods, turned and yelled in anger, "Well.., he's gone! I hope you&#8217;re satisfied!" Her mother, having never been victim to such an angry outburst from her daughter, was taken aback. "What..? You didn't want him to leave..?" She asked in a shocked tone. "After everything I've told you about how dangerous soldiers can be..?" A look of suspicion then came over her mother's face. "You've been out all night, and I've been worried sick. Were you with that soldier all of that time..? Just what have you been up to young lady?"

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was Lisa's turn to be taken aback. Although she was angry at her mother's hysteric actions in chasing Tom away without allowing an explanation, she could understand her mother going into a panic thinking her daughter was in danger. But now, her mother had suddenly become angry, and, with Tom gone and being able to see she was unharmed, Lisa could see no reason for her mother to be angry."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"What do you mean?" Lisa asked in bewilderment. "Just what I said!" Her mother snapped. "I want to know exactly what you and that soldier did last night?" Lisa still had no idea what her mother was implying, but the accusing tone made Lisa's own anger swell once again. "Well.., we talked some..!" She shot back. "And after that I went to sleep while he stayed awake and keep watch." "Do you expect to believe that?" Her mother yelled. "Do you expect me to believe that you were with that soldier all night and that he didn't try anything? That all he did was just talk? That's about the most unlikely story I&#8217;ve ever heard."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It finally dawned on Lisa what her mother was implying, and her anger turned to outrage at the thought of Tom being so unjustly accused after what he had done. "Do you mean - did he rape me?" She screamed. "No..! He didn't rape me..! And he didn't try to rape me either..! But six other soldiers did..! They grabbed me and pulled me in an alley and pushed me down.. And.., and one of them grabbed my blouse so hard that it ripped. But then Tom came up and made him stop and told all of them to go away. They were pointing guns at each other, and Tom was so outnumbered that if shooting had started he would surely have been killed. But he just stood there, and it was the others that got afraid and they left."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"That soldier you were just yelling and shooting at saved me from being raped, and he risked his own life doing it. And then he risked it again to shield me in a bombing raid. If he hadn't come by, even if the other soldiers hadn't killed me after they finished raping me, they would have left me lying right where one of the bombs fell. Either way.., I would be dead if it wasn't for him."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Fury continued to flash in Lisa's eyes as her rage mounted. "When the bombing finally ended it was getting too dark to risk being outside so we stayed in a bombed out building. All we did was sit on the floor and talk. And do you know what? I found out that not only was he very nice but that he was also very shy. He didn't try to do anything. It even embarrassed him when he saw my blouse was torn, and he gave me his jacket to put on. He stayed up all night watching for danger, and when the sun came up he brought me home. And what thanks does he get from my loving mother for all of this? None..! That's what..! None..! You come running out screaming and shooting without even giving us a chance to explain. Well..! I've told you what happened, and, frankly.., I don't care if you believe it or not..! If he had raped me do you really think he would then bring me home..? Do you..? Do I look like I've been raped when you can see I haven't been beaten-up..? He certainly had plenty of opportunity if he had wanted. But he didn't. But, I.., I.."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lisa stopped in mid-sentence and turned and fled toward the house leaving her mother staring after her in stunned silence. Then, with a start her mother realized that Lisa's outburst had been far too emotional not to be believed. Tears flooded in her mothers eyes, and her hand went to her mouth in anguish at the sudden realization of what a horrifying experience her daughter must have gone through. She started running after Lisa and caught up to her just before reaching door. She flung her arms around Lisa and held her close with tears running from her eyes and saying - "My poor baby..! Oh my poor baby..! I'm sorry..! I'm so sorry..! Please.., please forgive me!"

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lisa's anger quickly faded, and she returned her mothers embrace. They stood this way for a long time with both weeping softly. When they finally parted they both felt that the moment had been served without it being necessary to say anything else.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;In the days that followed, although remaining on both of their minds, the subject was not mentioned. One of the reasons for silence on the part of Lisa's mother had been due to being ashamed of her heartless and cruel accusations. The main reason, however, had been because she feared that attempting to bring the subject up might rekindle the extreme terror her daughter had experienced, and, in so doing, cause severe damage to Lisa's brave attempt to control what must surely be a deep-seated trauma. The fact that Lisa seemed to have no desire to bring the matter up either only served to convince her mother that such was the case and that not discussing it was for the best.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lisa's reluctance to talk about what had happened, however, had nothing to do with trying to suppress a deep-seated trauma. She did indeed have moments of reliving the terror she had experienced, but most of her thoughts were of being confused about the strange excitement and other emotions she had experienced and of the awful things she had done because of them. She had been afraid that if she started talking about any of what had occurred that something might slip which would lead to her shameful actions being revealed. She could well imagine her mother's shock and anger if she were to ever find out.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It had already almost happened once, and Lisa had no intention of giving it a second chance. She would shudder even thinking about how close she had come when, in her angry outburst after saying that Tom didn't rape her she had almost blurted out - "But I wish he had!" And to make it even worse, even though at the time her motive had only been to lash out and hurt, she later came to realized she would have been speaking the truth - that she had indeed been wishing that Tom had raped her, and, for that mater, at times, still did.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Surely, continuing to have such a totally insane desire must mean that there was something terribly wrong with her - and it must have been for a long time. Why else would she have done all of those naughty things to that dead soldier and experience the excitement that had been caused when thinking about it afterward.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; It did not help Lisa's low frame of mind when she found that although most of her thoughts of Tom were of tenderness and gratitude that, at times, she would find herself imagining him with no clothes and trying to picture what he would look like down there &#8211; especially what it would like if it was stiff. When these times came, she would get real excited, and the tingling sensations in this part of her body would come again. The same thing also happened whenever she thought about Tom looking at her exposed breast while she had been asleep. Yes, surely indeed, she was a very wicked girl.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The passage of time eased Lisa's low self-esteem, however, and her life returned to normal after a few months. It helped that, after a time, she was able to make a strong resolve to stop thinking about Tom in ways that were naughty. It took a determined effort, but she was successful in diminishing the frequency of the occurrences until they seldom took place, and, even when they did, she would soon catch herself and start thinking about something else which would keep excitement of any extent from being generated.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Her efforts to stop thinking about the fact that Tom had seen her exposed breast proved to be less successful. This, after all, was something that had actually happened and, as such, was not something that could simply be forgotten as though it had never occurred. But, although remembering it still caused her to get excited, it was in a way that was different, and a warm feeling would come over her in thinking that the two of them had shared an intimate moment together.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It mattered little that he had thought her to be asleep during the brief time she had been partially awake and that she had indeed been asleep for however long it had lasted afterward. In fact, this only seemed to make it that much more intimate because it was only in this way that she had managed to bring him pleasure. And, in spite of how he had acted the following morning, she felt sure that, at the time, he had indeed found it pleasant. And, after all he had done for her, if she had been able to bring him pleasure in this manner, it was surely something that he deserved and for which she felt a warm tenderness at having provided. And, strangely enough, it was in a way that did not make her feel the least bit naughty.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lisa had, of course, thought of Tom in other ways. She would often think about how they had sat and talked long into the night and fondly remember how his remarkable strength and courage had been so contrasted by his mild and shy manner. And she found herself caring about him and worrying for his welfare. She had been well aware that she had come to feel tenderness toward him in a way that she had never felt for anyone before. But she didn't let these feelings bother her even if he was a soldier. It would be hard not to feel deep gratitude for anyone that had that done what he had, and she was sure that this was the reason for how she felt - simple gratitude and nothing else.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Sometimes though, especially at night, Lisa&#8217;s thoughts of Tom would make her start feeling an extra special tenderness toward him, and, although there was nothing about them that could be called naughty, she would still get a slight tingly feeling down there. But, it was somehow different than on the other occasions, and, although she didn't understand the reason, there had been be a warmth about it that made to seem there was nothing in it that could be called wrong.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander's eyes had become moist and a sadness come in her heart as she listened to the shy manner this innocent girl tried to describe feelings for which she did not even understand. But, it would serve no purpose to try and explain feelings that come when falling deeply in love. Lisa would never have the opportunity to experience the joy and happiness that it could bring when the love was equally returned, and telling it to her would only make the loss she had suffered all the more painful to endure.









THE FUTURE
By C

PART II
CHAPTER 28
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 




 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I guess you don&#8217;t have any respect for me know now that you know how bad I&#8217;ve been." Lisa said softly with her eyes downcast. The Supreme Commander gave a kindly chuckle and put an arm around the girl's shoulder. "No respect?" She asked. "No respect because you had the innocent curiosity of an eighteen year old girl? Or.., for having the natural urges of a normal and healthy young woman? If this is being bad, I can only say that the world would be far better if everyone were bad in this manner."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"You are indeed a remarkable young lady, and what's so refreshing is that you are not even aware of what a special person you actually are. Your entire life has known nothing but the pain, hardship, horrors, and atrocities of an insane war, and yet, throughout it all, you have somehow managed to retain the unspoiled innocence of youth. You had an advantage in one respect of being one of only a very few girls that had a mother's love and guidance for any length of time, but the main factor is your remarkable courage. Tom saw this in you as well. When I talked to him he told me that one of the things he admired about you the most was at how brave you had been."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Brave..?" Lisa said with a short laugh. "I certainly wasn't brave. In fact.., I was scared to death." "Lisa.." The Supreme Commander responded kindly. "Being scared has nothing to do with being brave. Everyone is scared at times. It's how we react when we are scared that shows true courage. And you, my dear child, have shown tremendous courage."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lisa looked down, blushing self-consciously, and then suddenly looked up with a wide-eyed expression. "When you talked to.., to.., Tom..?" She stammered. "You talked to Tom before.., before.., you.., you..?"&nbsp; "Yes Lisa." The Supreme Commander replied. "I talked with Tom before taking his life - on two occasions in fact. We had very pleasant conversations both times, and I found him to be as you have said - a very remarkable and outstanding young man."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lisa looked bewildered. "Why would you talk to him if you knew what you were going to.., er.., going to do?" The Supreme Commander took Lisa's hands in her own and said, "I think I need to explain some things before you can understand. Do you know why only young men such as Tom were selected that day?" Lisa nodded. "The doctor lady you had come over that morning told me the reason and that was why Tom was one of them. She then told me that he was also going to be first and said that she wanted me to look at television while you were talking about the food crisis and everything, but she would leave it up to me about what else I wanted to watch. I'm afraid I didn't see very much after you finished explaining things except for seeing Tom when he was.. was.." Lisa broke out sobbing and buried her face in her hands. The Supreme Commander put her arm around the girl and said, "That's all right Lisa.. You don't need to talk about it".

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander didn't bother to add that she already knew what had occurred. She had been greatly concerned about the traumatic shock that Lisa would have received if she was watching television, not knowing what to expect, and be caught by surprise at seeing Tom being brought out and killed. She had asked her close friend, the prominent psychiatrist, to go over and stay with the girl. Her friend had graciously agreed and, later, had described what happened.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lisa, although upset after being told of what was going to happen to Tom, had taken the news with remarkable composure. When given the choice of deciding the extent of what she would watch, Lisa thought a moment and had then said that she knew she didn't want to see Tom's body without any clothes on being made fun of after he was dead, and surely not being cut-up, but that she felt she owed it to him to be watching when his life came to an end saying - "At least there will be someone that will be caring about him - he won't be completely alone". It had been upon hearing this that the Supreme Commander gained her first insight into the depth of Lisa's courage and compassion.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lisa had watched the start of the televised proceedings and listened intently as the Supreme Commander emotionally explained the depth of the crisis, the catastrophic chaos that would come if a solution were not found, and then revealed the one and only solution available. Lisa had been clearly moved and appeared resolved at accepting the need for what was going to be done. Her resolve, however, did not prevent tears from coming in her eyes as Tom was brought out in a state of total bewilderment and confusion. She had been caught off-guard at the suddenness with which the towel around his waist had been yanked away, and the camera zooming-in immediately afterward for a close-up view of what had been expose. She uttered a brief gasp of surprise and quickly looked away with her face turning red from embarrassment.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She waited several uncomfortable minutes before glancing back cautiously and saw Tom, now visible only from the chest up, with his face registering a wide-eyed look of fear bordering on the verge of panic. She uttered a cry of compassion and then a painful gasp as an arrow flashed into view and plunged through his chest with a suddenness she found hard to believe.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The camera then zoomed-in for a close up of first the brightly colored feathered end of the arrow protruding from his left breast and then moved to his face. Tears had welled in Lisa's eyes from thinking that such a devastating wound would sure be bringing excruciating pain, but then she recognized the meaning of Tom's fixed and vacant-eyed expression. "My God..!" She had exclaimed in surprise. "He's.., he's already dead!"

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The camera had then zoomed back to show Tom still standing with the Supreme Commander visible in the foreground looking at him and holding the bow at her side. Tears streamed down Lisa's cheeks, and she appeared to take no notice of his nakedness once again coming into view. When Tom toppled backward she cried out in anguish as the sound of his body hitting the wooden floor reverberated through the speakers. At this point she could take no more and buried her face in her hands and started sobbing deeply. The Supreme Commander's friend sat next to the grieving girl, put an arm around her shoulder, and encouraged her to cry as much as she wanted and let it all out.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lisa's body had racked with deep sobs for a long time before starting to gradually diminish. Finally, totally drained, she sat still and stared unseeingly off into space with red eyes still brimming with tears. Then, in a remarkably calm tone she said, "At least he didn't suffer." "No Lisa." The doctor had replied. "He didn't feel a thing."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lisa returned her gaze to the screen and was greeted by the sight of two women pulling Tom's lifeless body across the floor by his feet and leaving a smeared trail of blood behind. "My God...!" She exclaimed. "They're dragging him off like he's nothing more than.., than some kind of animal.. Please..! Please..!" She said while looking away. "Please turn it off!" The Supreme Commander's friend had quickly complied and then again sat down and placed an arm around Lisa. They stayed this way a long time and afterward, not wanting the girl to left alone, took Lisa to her home to spend the night.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lisa continued to sob for several minutes as she sat in the Supreme Commander's office and then smiled through tear filled eyes. "It was nice of you to send the doctor lady over. She was very nice. I don't think I could have taken it if she hadn't been there."&nbsp; "She&#8217;s a very dear friend of mine" The Supreme Commander said. "I'm glad she was able to help. I can well imagine the shock you would have received if you had been caught unawares, and I didn't want that to happen."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander paused for a moment and then continued. "Let me tell you my reason for talking to Tom. In choosing the young men to be "harvested" on that day we started with looking at over ten thousand of that age and, from this group, selected the ones that had the most outstanding qualities. In my position as Supreme Commander I felt it my duty to choose from these the one that I thought to be the most remarkable, and, in order to do this, I had to get to know them personally. There wasn't enough time to talk to them all, so I reviewed the reports and selected ten that impressed me the most, and then, I had an interview with each of them. Tom was one of the ten, and this was the first time that I talked to him. Without a doubt, he made the most favorable impression, and, for this reason, I chose him."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander stopped for a moment, and her face registered a thoughtful look. "You know..? She said. "In a strange sort of way it was quite an honor for Tom. Out of thousands of young men he was the one found to be the most outstanding." She then smiled at Lisa. "It was during my interview with Tom that he told of meeting you. He was far too modest to mention anything about his heroic deeds, but it was obvious that some type of difficulty had occurred in which you had made a remarkable impression on him. It was equally obvious that he cared for you a great deal and was very concerned about your welfare. At the end of our talk I asked if there was anything I could do for him, and his only request was if I would try to find out if you were all-right. I readily agreed, and, well.., you know the rest."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I.., I.., I didn't think he even remembered me." Lisa said in dismay. The Supreme Commander gave her a kindly smile. "How could he not remember such a special and beautiful girl. It was because of his request that led to my talking with him a second time which was on the morning of.., ugh.., his last day."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I had just been informed that you were indeed alive and well, and I felt that, regardless of what was about to happen, he at least deserved to be told the good news. I don't think I've ever seen anyone as relieved and happy as he was when he found out. He grinned from ear to ear, and his eyes sparkled with joy. In leaving, I told him that he would be set free later that day and that you and he might soon be together again.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lisa's head jerked, and her eyes flashed with anger. "What..! You told him that..! Knowing what you were going to do to him in just a few more hours..? Why..? I mean.., it was so cruel!" The Supreme Commander looked at Lisa in earnest. "Please believe me Lisa. I assure you that I didn't do it to be cruel. I had come to care for Tom a great deal, and I did it entirely for his benefit. In a way, I told him the truth, although certainly not in the manner that had been implied."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Was it cruel to tell him something that made his final hours the happiest of his entire life..? This joy continued up to the final moments before he was brought out, and, after that, he was so bewildered and confused that he had little awareness of what was going on - and even this lasted for only a brief time before coming to an end. And.., as you have just said.., the end came in a way in which he did not suffer."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Tears ran down Lisa's cheeks. "I think I understand when you explain it like that." She said. "I.. I.. I'm sorry.. In fact.., it makes me feel better knowing that he was happy until right before.., er.., it happened." Lisa became thoughtful for a moment but then looked confused. "But you.., you just said that in a way you might have told him the truth.. How..?" The Supreme Commander smiled. "I'm sure that you have known women over the years that had suffered so much that, even though you cared for them, you felt they were better off when death came."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lisa nodded in an understanding manner. "In a way," the Supreme Commander continued, "death set these women free, and the same can be said for Tom. I know you were watching during the part where I explained there is nothing that can be done to save the male population. They would either perish by our hand or by far more horrible circumstances if we chose to do nothing. Well, regardless of how much you and I cared for Tom, he was male and, as such, his fate had been sealed."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Death was going to come to him, one way or another, and the quick and painless way by which it occurred set him free from having to suffer it coming in a far worse manner - either from slow and agonizing starvation or from the hands of a band of ruthless barbarians. The same can be said for the millions of others that have now also been "harvested" and will be true for all that will follow until none are left."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I guess I kind of understand when you put it like that." Lisa said. "Or at least understand the part about being set free. But you said that you also told Tom that he and I might be together soon. I don't see any way in which that could have been said would happen. The Supreme Commander smiled. "Lisa.., as long as you continue to care for Tom you will remember him in a way that, even in death, makes him a part of you, and, in a sense, you and he will be together. But frankly, I had something else in mind that will be far more meaningful. Whether or not this takes place, however, will be for you to decide."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"For me to decide..?" Lisa asked. "I don't understand. What
can I do except remember him? Not only is he dead, but.., by now.., there's not even anything of him that&#8217;s left except.., except.." Lisa paused and her eyes darted to the wall. "Surely.., you&#8217;re not suggesting that I.., I take that home and hang it on a wall are you?"

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"No, not that." The Supreme Commander laughed. "In time, I think you will reach a point where you could do exactly that in which it would have a special meaning - but that time is surely not now. No Lisa, I am referring to something else that is far more personal. You see, you are mistaken in saying that there is nothing left of Tom except for up there." "Huh?" Lisa said with a bewildered look. Instead of making a reply the Supreme Commander got up, walked to her desk, pressed a button, returned to the sofa, and again sat next to Lisa.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The office door opened, and the Supreme Commander's secretary entered carrying a small cooler which she placed on a table next to the sofa. The Supreme Commander waited for her to depart and then picked up the cooler and handed it to Lisa. "Tom's penis and testicles are in there. They've been frozen so they would keep, and I would like you to have them. "Tom's what? Asked Lisa in not understanding the terms. "His dick and nuts." Replied the Supreme
Commander with a mischievous smile."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lisa's face turned bright red. "His..? His..? You want me to have his...? I don't understand.. What do you want me to do with them..?" A look of profound shock then came on her face as realization came. "You want me to.., to.., cook and eat them..? You want me to eat what had been a part of Tom's body..? And not just any part, but his.., his..? My God..! Tom might be dead, but that doesn't mean that I don't still care about what his feelings would have been about things. Can you imagine his reaction if told beforehand that after all he had done for me that I would repay it by eating his.., his.., his dick and nuts after he had been killed..? Why.., he would have been shocked and embarrassed beyond all belief.., and.., beside that.., it would be showing him no respect at all. If I did such a thing I wouldn't consider myself worthy of being someone that he had cared about. I just couldn't. I couldn't bring myself to eat any part of him - especially not this part."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander took Lisa's hands in her own and looked at the girl with sincerity. "Lisa, when a woman cares for a man in the way that you care for Tom, this part of his body becomes very special and meaningful. It was this that brought on the lounging which you experienced that night you and he were together even though your mind was telling you that it would bring nothing but severe pain. But your body knew what your mind didn't. The male and female bodies were created differently for the very purpose of enabling them to be joined together, and, in so doing, nature intended that the experience should be pleasant for both."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"If a man brutally forces himself on a woman whose body is rigid with terror the pain is indeed excruciating, but if a woman desires the man and her body prepared to receive him it&#8217;s entirely different." The Supreme Commander paused and smiled. "From the way you described your feelings that night, I can assure you that your body had certainly been prepared. If Tom had come to you as you desired, instead of pain, you would have experienced an exhilarating pleasure exceeding anything you had ever known. You and he would have joined together in a manner that would have made you feel as though becoming one, and, afterward, you would have found yourself caring in a very special and tender way for that part of him that had been the primary cause."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander looked earnestly at Lisa. "Lisa, I understand the initial reaction you had when the first thought that came to you was that eating part of Tom's body &#8211; any part, but this part especially would be showing disrespect toward everything that he meant to you and for what he had done. But, in considering it in light of what I have just said, I want you to look at it another way. If you consume a part of Tom's body it will be transformed into becoming a lasting part of you. This in itself would have a special meaning regardless of what part of him it might be. But, I'm not talking about just any part. I'm talking about that of the male that has such a special meaning to a woman who cares for him and for which your inner desires were crying out to be taken within."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander clasped Lisa's hands harder and looked at the girl almost pleadingly. "Lisa, it&#8217;s still possible to take this part of him within you. Not in the way your body was craving that night, but still, in a way that would join you and he together in which you truly become one. His flesh would become your flesh, and, afterward, you would remember this and feel warmth and tenderness in knowing that which was the most private and intimate of him and, as I have said, holds a special meaning to you in being a woman has not only been taken within to become part of you but will remain from that point on."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Please Lisa, before you say no, think of it in this light. If you do, I think you will realize that consuming this of Tom for reasons such as these would, in fact, be an act of love - not disrespect. You said that you cared about what his feelings would have been. Well, how do think he would have felt if it had been explained to him that all males, including him, were doomed to soon parish but, by it being done in the way we have chosen, not only will they not suffer, but their bodies will provide desperately needed nourishment that will prevent the female population from having to perish with them and thereby, enable the human race to continue. And, if he was also told that not only his body, but that part which was the most private of all was also going to be cooked and eaten by a woman and become part of her body, who do you think he would rather that women be for the latter - the beautiful girl he had come to love who, in so doing, would not only be feeling a special caring and tenderness toward it but, unlike other women, would be eating this of a male&#8217;s body for the very first time - or, do you think he would have preferred it to be some unknown woman who would look upon it, admire the size and become excited while watching it being cooked and when cutting it up and savoring its delicious flavor but, afterward, would soon be forgotten as being just another of many she had done likewise during the past few years?"

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lisa, I came to understand Tom well enough to know the extent to which he would have been embarrassed at the thought of this of him even being seen by a woman, to say nothing of being cut-off, cooked, and eaten by one. And, I&#8217;m sure that it would have been even greater at the thought of it being done by you. But, if it had been made know to him that there was nothing he could do to prevent this from taking place but that he could decide who the woman would be, I have little doubt what he would choose - regardless of the extreme embarrassment it would surely cause.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lisa's eyes had begun to brim with tears, and her face softened as she listened. It was clear that the Supreme Commander's words had succeeded in creating the desired effect, and, if any reluctance had remained, it quickly vanished with the last statement being made. "No..!" Lisa cried out, "now that I know it hasn't already been done, I don't want them to be eaten by an unknown woman." She then became thoughtful. "You know..? During the war, I knew that if Tom was killed he would be just another dead soldier to any woman that might find him. And.., eating dead soldiers had become so common that she would probably cut him up along with taking this of him without even giving it much thought."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"For a long time.., it made me feel real strange to think about.., you know.., about it being possible that the body of someone I knew and cared about might someday be cooked and eaten. But, like everything else, I reached a point of having to accept it as just being the way things had become. I had lived with it so long that now, although his death has caused me a lot of sadness, it really didn't affect me all that much in knowing that what I had though about was actually going to happen - that his body was indeed going to be cooked and eaten. And, even when a few days had passed, and.., er.., I knew that.., er.., that by then it had already been done.., it didn't really bother me a great deal. I still felt sad for him of course, but knowing how desperate the need was for the food his flesh provided actually helped me accept the reason for it being necessary."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lisa paused a moment, and her cheeks flushed before she continued. "That is.., it didn't bother me very much except for one thing.. I didn't like thinking that some woman had eaten.., his.., er... (Lisa glanced at the cooler in a way that made it obvious to what she was referring without having to say.) I didn't really know why this should upset me when thinking about all the rest of him being eaten didn't, but now.., I think I understand. I think something inside me knew all along about what you er.., said, er.., you know.., about having a special meaning and all. And.., yes.., I think that if Tom could have been made to understand what was going to happen to this part of him and was given a choice about, er.., about who he would rather do it.., I have little doubt either how he would have chosen." Lisa thought for a moment and then couldn't suppress a slight giggle. "But even though he would have chosen me, knowing that I was actually going to do it would have embarrassed him to no end."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lisa's display of amusement quickly faded, and she looked at the Supreme Commander with a sincere smile. "Thank you. What you have done is very special." She then blushed. "It looks like you're going to be right about the second part also. Tom and I will be together soon, and it will indeed be in a way that will have a very warm and special meaning to me."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander smiled warmly. "I'm very happy for you Lisa. It will indeed be very special, but this was not the only thing I was referring to when I said that you and Tom might be joined together and become one. There is also another way in which this can be accomplished that will be the most special and lasting of all. I'm afraid, however, that the latter is something that will have to wait a few years."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Wait a few years? Lisa said in bewilderment. "Yes Lisa," the Supreme Commander replied. "You see, there is also something else of Tom that still remains. I don't know if you are aware of it, but part of the process in our "harvesting" of males includes collecting their semen so that it can be frozen and used later when we begin the repopulation. I did this with Tom, and his frozen semen is now in a sperm bank and reserved in your name. When the time comes, you can use it to conceive and bear his child, or to be more precise, his daughter."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lisa sat in a stunned daze for several moments. She then lunged forward and threw her arms around the Supreme Commander's neck. Once again, deep sobs broke out which prevented her from speaking only, this time, the sobs were of joy. The Supreme Commander started crying with happiness also, and they continued to embrace with tears flowing freely down their cheeks.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When the emotion filled moment finally passed Lisa sat back with moist eyes and a radiant smile. "I didn't know anything at all about, er, about having babies until only a few weeks ago when I saw it being explained on television."&nbsp; "So now you what the round things are for." The Supreme Commander said with a chuckle. Lisa blushed and giggled. "I do now.., but until then.., I never had the slightest idea." A mystified look then crossed her face. "But, even though it was explained, I still find it hard to believe. I mean.., it seems almost impossible."&nbsp; "The world is full of miracles, Lisa." Replied the Supreme Commander. "But the creation of new life, especially human life, is, by far, the greatest miracle of all."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lisa nodded in agreement and then, after hesitating a moment said, "There was a also a lot on television about what both you and the doctor lady have talked to me about, er.., about how women have feelings deep inside about, ugh..., well, you know.., and that having them is just being normal. It kind of explains why I did those things to the dead solder and the feelings that I found myself having afterward when thinking about it, but.., even though I've tried.., I just can't keep from still looking at it as being naughty."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander nodded in understanding. "I know Lisa. It's very difficult to overcome strong influences that are instilled during childhood. Due to the war, most young women such as yourself lost their mothers at an early age and were not raised under such influences and, for that reason, had little difficulty in accepting these inner-feelings and emotions once they were explained."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"But, for you, such an acceptance has not been the case which is only to be expected. You were raised under an influence that continues to tell you, as your mother would have said, that such things are something that "nice girls" simply do not do. Up until the beginning of the war girls being raised to have such an outlook was quite common and, as a result, for countless generations women found themselves suppressing natural feelings and desires. Like you, they would think they were being "naughty" and feel guilty afterward whenever something happened that caused these suppressed desires to break free and, at least for a brief time, take control of their emotions."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander smiled in a sad manner. "I know full well just how strong this influence can be because it is something I was raised under also. And, like you, I found myself to being unable to comprehend myself ever being capable of truly releasing such inner-feelings. This was true even when they were explained to me in a manner that I could understand by Dr. Carson whose advice in just about everything else I accepted without hesitation. This outlook remained embedded in me even when I was speaking out and strongly encouraging others to openly accept emotions that, at the time, I could not bring myself to do likewise. But, when Tom was brought out to stand before me, something happened inside that caused these feelings to suddenly break free and let their true meaning become known which has remained with me from that point on. As a result, I have known a freedom, contentment, and happiness that I never dreamed could be possible."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I afraid that you might well find yourself having a strong dislike toward me for what I am about to say, but, the release of these inner-feelings was so overwhelming that both the taking of Tom's life and all that I did to him afterward created an excitement within me of a magnitude I had never known. And, not only did this occur while it was taking place, but, since then, the excitement returns whenever I find myself thinking about it for any length of time. This has occurred within me even though Tom was someone I had come to admire and care for a great deal - and still do for that matter."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I know this sounds hard to believe, and it is something that I can't even explain to myself beyond having a strong belief that what I did has served a greater good - not in just providing meat for a female population on the brink of starvation - but in taking a step that might someday lead to women forevermore throwing off a mantle of hardship and oppression we have been forced to endure since the beginning of time."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I must admit, however, that not all of my feelings have been so noble, and these have ranged from primitive instincts to those that are purely sexual. But, it was by being caught up in a conviction of having served a greater good that brought about their release, and, with ever fiber that is within me, I can truthfully state that I have had no feelings whatsoever since then that any of it is wrong."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I.., I.., I don't understand". Lisa said. "I don't think I could ever get excited from killing someone regardless of how much good it might do - especially if it was someone I cared for."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I know." The Supreme Commander replied. "It's something I thought I would never be capable of doing either - that is, until it actually happened. She grasped Lisa's hands and again looked at the girl in a pleading manner. "Lisa.., it can happen for you also. You have suffered and known pain, grief, hardship, and sorrow far too long. You deserve to have it come to an end and experience the same excitement, happiness, and contentment that not only myself, but women throughout the world are now finding. But the opportunity will last only as long as there are males left that remain alive. When the time comes that all of them are gone there will only be memories left to keep the excitement alive."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"But, if you have no memories Lisa, it will be too late. Your body has already made known natural desires hidden within even though, at the time, you didn't have any understanding of what they were. The first occasion came when you were a girl of only eighteen. Your actions and the feelings created within you at that time were, for a large part, the result of the natural curiosity and excitement of making an unexpected and mysterious discovery. But, not all of what you found yourself feeling can be attributed simply to this. Some of your excitement and the effect it had on you was being caused by a subconscious awareness that had begun to awaken within you as a result of your body having changed into that of a vibrant young woman."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"It was when you were with Tom, however, that you found out how just strong these desires can truly be even when you still remained unaware of not only the cause, but of their very existence. That is all in past, but, although you have now gained at least some degree of understanding, you find yourself being unable to accept them for what they truly are and, in so doing, unable to experience all they can bring forth."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"But, this can come to an end Lisa. You can come to know the same excitement, freedom, and happiness that I described. To do this, however, you must first overcome your self-doubts and accept your inner-feelings, and, as it was with me, it will take more than just listening to someone try to explain it. You will have to undergo an experience so overpowering that it takes complete control of your emotions and forces them to break free on their own accord."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lisa gave a sad to smile. "That sounds great, but I don't know of anything that would do that." There is something that will do it, Lisa." The Supreme Commander replied. The experience that brought it forth in me can bring it forth in you also. I am talking about "harvesting" a male."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lisa's mouth dropped open as a look of profound shock came on her face. "You mean you want me to.., to.., to kill a man..? Shoot him with an arrow when he's naked..? And.., and.., and then play with him down there..? And then cut him up..? And do all of this while a large group of women would be watching the whole time..? There's no way..! I just couldn't!"

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander chuckled. "Lisa, at first I had the same reaction. Even after it reached the point that, as Supreme Commander, I had no choice in what I must do I still had strong self-doubt of being capable of performing in a manner that would give an impression of becoming excited and enjoying it. This doubt stayed with me up until the vary moment that Tom was brought into the arena. But then, something happened. In realizing that I was serving a grater good far more important than either Tom or me, I found myself being caught-up by exhilaration so strong that it took total control of my actions. Instead of putting on an act, I found myself experiencing an excitement going far beyond any pretense that I was going to attempt."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"The same thing happened to each of my colleagues that followed me on that day, and I have little doubt that they experienced strong reservations similar to my own. And.., of even more importance.., women of the general public that, since this time, have been given the opportunity to participate in a "harvesting" have reacted in the same manner."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Lisa, please believe me when I say that it can be the same for you if you will but make the attempt. Before making a decision, it might help if you are aware that the men now being "harvested" are a far cry from Tom and the others like him on that that first day. Since then, we have been selecting men that have been found to be deranged or have a violent nature who would pose a grave danger to woman if given an opportunity."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"It is men such as this that were responsible for what happened to Sally, and, with this being the case, I can assure you the life you would take would not only be one justly deserving to come to an end, but one not worthy of concern.&nbsp; Lisa, all that I'm asking of you is to just make the attempt. If, when the time comes, you find yourself unable to go through with it then you can simply walk away."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lisa looked unconvinced. "I.., I.., I don't know. But.., even if I said yes.., how could I..? I've never even touched a bow and arrow - much less know how to use them." "That's one thing you don't need to worry about." The Supreme Commander replied. "The same is true for almost all women, and, for this reason, a large instruction program had been set up to enable learning beforehand. You will find that it requires only a small amount of practice to become quite accurate at close range. And, if you'll agree to give it a try, I'll take you to the arena myself and stay the entire time to offer as much encouragement and support as I possibly can. Please Lisa, if not for yourself, then do it for me. I desperately want you to be happy. You have everything to gain and nothing to lose. "Well.., OK.. I'll at least try." Lisa said after a reluctant hesitation. "But.., I don't think I'll be able to go through with it once I'm there." The Supreme Commander suppressed a sigh of relief as she reached out to pat Lisa's hand. "That's all I ask, Lisa." She said. "Let's just wait and see about the rest."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander sat in silence with moist eyes for a long time after Lisa had left. The girl had demonstrated a remarkable inner-strength and courage that was outwardly concealed by soft, feminine beauty and a shy, child-like innocence. During the time they had been together she had found herself starting to feel deep warmth toward the girl in the manner that a mother might hold for a daughter. A stab of pain went through her heart when this thought caused her to realize that if her own daughter had lived she would have been almost the same age. She let out a deep sigh and looked wistfully at the mounted head hanging on her wall. "You were right, Tom my boy. You were so right." She said softly while gazing at his face. "She is indeed a very brave and courageous young woman. And you know what? I think she's captured my love also."









THE FUTURE
By C

PART II
CHAPTER 29
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Several weeks passed, and the day that Lisa had been scheduled to take part in a "harvesting" arrived. As promised, the Supreme Commander drove over to pick Lisa up, and she smiled as the obviously very nervous girl slipped in the front seat beside her. In an effort to be cheerful and nonchalant she asked, "Well Lisa, how are you feeling today?" "I'm scared to death." Came the reply.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That&#8217;s only to be expected at this point, Lisa. The Supreme Commander said. She then decided to let Lisa set the tone of the conservation and remained silent. They rode in this manner for a while and then, in a soft voice and cheeks flushing pink, Lisa said, "I.., I.., er.., I cooked and ate Tom's, er.., his penis and testicles on the same day that that you gave them to me." "I'm glad you didn't wait." The Supreme Commander said. "I hope you found the experience to be everything I indicated." "Oh..! It was..! It had a very special meaning just like you said." Lisa replied. Then, blushing even more, she said hesitatingly, "But not right at first though. I'm afraid I, er.., I did some things that not only were not very nice, but didn't show any respect at all toward Tom."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander laughed. "I would have been greatly surprised and, frankly, somewhat disappointed if such had not been the case." Then, after pausing a moment, she said, "I know it's a very personal thing and that I shouldn't pry, but I'm dying to know what happened."&nbsp; "Oh, I don't mind." Lisa replied. "You certainly deserve to know after all that you've done, and, beside that, I don't really know why but talking to you about.., er.., about things like this seems to make me feel better."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lisa's cheeks remained pink, however, as she continued. "I took them out of the cooler and unwrapped them as soon as I got home. They were frozen and covered with so much frost that I couldn't see very much about what they looked like. But I didn't look very close anyway. You see.., I was feeling kind of embarrassed even though I was alone. I guess it was because, you know, er.., because they were Tom's which embarrassed me for him. I was also having warm and tender feelings in thinking about the things you said, and I didn't think it would be showing him very much respect to, er.., to just stare."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I was going to try to be real proper and not look any more than necessary, but, when I went in the kitchen to turn on the oven, I glanced over just to see if they had thawed out yet. They had, and, well.., er.., I couldn't help but notice some things. I mean.., this was only the second time for being, er.., this close to.., er.., you know.., and the first for seeing a, er.., a penis that had been cut off and didn't have skin on it, or what nuts.., er.., I mean testicles looked like outside the sack. I don't think I even realize at the time what I was doing, but I started looking at them real hard, and doing this kind of got me excited some. The next thing I know I'm touching.., and then I'm squeezing.., and.., and.., well.., it kept on until I, er.., I started playing with them."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lisa bowed her head in shame. "And I'm afraid I didn't play with them in a way that showed any kind of respect toward Tom either. But.., by then.., I had reached a point that this just didn't seem to matter very much. In fact.., I think knowing that they were his, after having wondered about them for so long, made actually seeing what they looked like was making me want to look that much harder and then start touching to find out everything about them that I could."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"When I picked up his dic.., er.., his penis it flopped over to one side. I had kind of forgotten how limp they were, and I jiggled it some and then, holding it at the bottom, made it flip back and forth. And then I ran the tips of my fingers all over it and looked at it real close."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"It didn't have any wrinkles at all without any skin being on it. It was reddish brown, and was real smooth and slick and shinny looking. I looked at everything - especially the head. I even mashed the hole open to see inside. I played with his dick for a long time before I started looking at his nuts. Several inches of what looked like limp tubes were running out of the top of a bulge that went down one side of each one. I picked up the ends of the tubes and held his nuts up and laughed at the way they hung down at an angle."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I remembered that the nuts on the dead soldier that I played with had felt like boiled eggs that had been peeled, and this is what Tom's kind of looked like except for being a silvery pink with a lot of small veins on the surface. They were so slick and shinny that I could even see the ceiling light being reflected in them, and I continued to hold them up like this and played with them some. I jounced them up and down, swung them back and forth, around in circles going the same way and then opposite ways, and even let them hit against each other to see how far they would bounce. And, during the whole time, I was not only getting more and more excited, but I also realized that I was feeling real tingly, er.., down there."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lisa paused in anticipation of being scolded for doing the awful things which she had just confessed, but then continued after seeing that, instead of showing disapproval, the Supreme Commander was smiling pleasantly. "Well.., all of a sudden.., I realized what I was doing and began to feel guilty. But then.., I remembered what you and Dr. Carson had told me.., you know.., about how it was normal for women to want to look at, touch, and do things to men's er.., well.., you know.., and that doing them is supposed to get us excited, and I had definitely gotten excited. I decided to try and do like you and she said and, well.., you know.., just accept that what I was doing and the excitement I was feeling being normal and try not to let it bother me."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I'm glad you took our advice." The Supreme Commander said. "What you were doing and the excitement being caused was indeed perfectly normal, and, unless I'm sadly mistaken, it got far more intense." "Did it ever..!" Lisa exclaimed. "When I put them in the oven, I stood in front and looked through the window. The first thing I noticed was Tom's penis beginning to get moist and turning a golden brown. Then it started to swell until it was almost twice as long and big around than it was before. And the knobby thing, er.., the head.., got all strutted, and the hole gaped open all by itself and a little stream of juices started trickling out. And the aroma that was being put off &#8211; I mean.., it was unbelievable."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I got so excited and feeing so tingly down there that I could hardly stand it. The only thing that I was aware of was that I was looking at a man's dick being cooked right before me and seeing the almost unbelievable and exciting things that this was making it do. It was in a manner that was somewhat degrading.., er.., well.., I guess it was really very degrading.., but seeing this only added to my enjoyment. And, it didn't bother me at all in knowing that it wasn't just any man's dick, but that it was Tom's dick that I was looking at and seeing it do all of these things. In fact, I think knowing it was indeed his dick made me feel even that much more excited. It was almost as though all of the special and tender feelings that I felt for him had been overpowered and shoved aside. But, by this time, I had become so excited that I don't think I could have made myself feel any different even if I had tried."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lisa's face had become flush with excitement from telling her story which, in so doing, had rekindled vivid memories of what had taken place. She paused a moment, and then, with a distant look, said, "You know.., I saw my mother cook meat that had come from the bodies of dead soldiers so often that it got to where I didn't even give it much thought. She would always cut it up in ways that, from an outward appearance, could have just as well come from some type of animal. I knew, of course, that what I was looking at being cooked had been part of a soldier, but I guess not being able to recognize it as such kind of made a difference."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"But that certainly wasn't the case this time. It was obvious from just a quick glance that what I was watching being cooked was a man's dick, and knowing this and seeing all the things that being cooked was making it do while smelling the fabulous aroma made me feel real strange and weird - but in a way that was kind of pleasant in addition to being excited. And being aware that it was actually Tom's dick that I was looking at made it even weirder and, for some reason, even more pleasing in a way that only added to my excitement."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander nodded in understanding and said, "This doesn't surprise me at all, Lisa. Like everything else, having such a reaction was only being normal. I hope you didn't let feeling that way bother you any." "It did some later on after I had calmed down - but not at the time." Lisa replied. "I was way too excited. I just couldn't take my eyes away. It was almost like I was in some kind of trance. Most of my attention was mainly on looking at what was happening to Tom's dic.., er.., penis, and I didn't give his, er.., testicles a lot of notice until, all of a sudden, one of them popped open down the middle with a puff of steam coming out and then the other did the same."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;This caught my attention, and, when I looked, it surprised me to see that on the inside they were a pinkish white and looked kind of like shrimp that had been boiled. It excited me some seeing them laying there split open like that, but, after a minute or so, I looked back at his penis. When I did, I saw that the outside was a lot browner and had started to sizzle all over, and the juices coming out of the hole, which was gaping open even wider, were bubbling and spitting and some steam was even coming out. Seeing this got me even more excited, but it also disappointed me some because I knew this meant it was done and the time had come to take both it and his nuts out."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"If I were to make a guess, I'd say that your disappointed was short lived." The Supreme Commander said with a sly smile. "Did you find the taste to be as good as what you had been told..?" "Boy..! Did I ever..! I had thought that nothing could be anyway near as marvelous as what I'd heard, but they were all of that and much.., much.., more..! Especially Tom's dick! I mean.., his nuts were great, but I couldn't believe how tender and juicy and delicious his dick was. And the head..! My God..! It was fantastic!"

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I didn't start eating right away though. I just sat and looked at them for awhile, and the excitement and weird feeling I had gotten while watching them being cooked only got worse. And I'm afraid it had nothing to do with being a special moment in which this part of Tom's body was about to become a part of me. In fact.., that thought didn't even cross my mind. All I was aware of was that I was looking at Tom's cooked dick and nuts laying on a plate in front of me, smelling the fabulous aroma, and feeling a tremendous excitement in knowing that I was actually going to eat them."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;His dick was getting most of my attention and causing the greatest excitement. I mean.., it had become so huge, and the head was all swollen and strutted with the hole gaping open so wide I could see inside. And his dick was real wet and shiny all over, and a trickle of juice was still coming out of the hole and making a puddle on the plate."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I just couldn't take my eyes away, and I started feeling a lot more tingly down there and.., ugh..., like that night we were together.., ugh.., you know.., like it was, er.., wanting what I was looking at to be inside and making me wonder what it being in there would feel like. This caused me to notice, all of a sudden, how perfectly shaped it was for, er.., for doing just that. I couldn't keep from staring at it with this in mind, and the feeling got so bad that I could hardly stand it. Without even realizing it.., I put my hand down there and started rubbing, and.., and it started feeling real good in a way I didn't know was possible, and it kept getting better and better."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"And then.., something totally unreal happened.. I suddenly jerked all over, and an unbelievably fantastic, real warm, and tingly sensation seemed to explode down there and then spread out like a wave over my entire body. When it passed, I just sat stunned for a few minutes. I didn't know what on earth had happened, but, frankly.., I really didn't care. All I knew was that it had been just about the most exhilarating thing I had ever known, and I was feeling all warm, and relaxed, and contented in a way that I had never felt in my entire life."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lisa looked to be extremely uncomfortable and embarrassed at making what she felt must surely have been a shocking disclosure, but she had become so caught up by the excitement of reliving once again what had occurred that she found herself unable to stop talking about it. "The feeling faded after awhile." She continued. "And although my excitement was still there it was not overwhelming like before. This was when I decided to, er.., to go ahead and, er.., to start eating. I sliced one of the nuts down the middle where it had popped open and then cut a piece off one of the halves."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I had heard that men's nuts were real crisp and crunchy, but I was surprised to find out that they were a lot more than what I had expected, and they had a real light and delicate flavor that was unlike anything I'd ever tasted. The first one was gone before I hardly realized it, and I ate the other even faster. They were really great, and during the whole time I had been feeling a real strange kind of excitement in realizing that not only was I actually eating a man's nuts but that I was eating Tom's nuts."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lisa paused, continuing to look highly embarrassed, but again found herself unable to stop. "But, er.., I'm afraid I kind of forgot about his nuts when I tasted his dick.. I mean.., like I said .., it was totally unbelievable. Never.., never in my entire life had I ever tasted anything that came anywhere near being so tender and delicious. And it was so full of juices that I could feel them squashing out between my teeth and flooding my mouth each time I chewed. Part of me was wanting to eat his dick real slow to make it last as long as possible. But it was so delicious I just couldn't do it, and the next thing I know it's all gone except for the head. I saved this for last because I had heard it was the best of all, but I think I would have done this anyway since, from the very start, looking at it had been what excited me the most of all."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I stuck it with my fork and held it up to examine it real close one last time. This made me get even more excited - especially when I pointed it right at me and looked at how swollen and strutted it was with the hole gaping open and everything. A little trickle of juice was still running out, and I put the end in my mouth and, er.., sucked on it some. And then I ran my tongue all over it and even pushed the tip inside the hole. This got me feeling even more excited, and I just couldn't wait any longer to find out what it tasted like."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I put it on my plate and cut it in two pieces down the middle. When I did this I saw that, on the inside, the tube bulged out and then went back down just before reaching the end, and I kind of wondered why it did this. But I didn't wonder a whole lot though.. I was too excited at wanting to find out what it tasted like even though I was thinking that nothing could possibly be any better than what the other part had been. But.., Boy..! Did I find out..! Everything I had ever heard about what the heads tasted like didn't come close to preparing me for anything that was so remarkably tender and juicy and fantastically delicious. My God..! It was fabulous!"

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"None of the eerie strangeness and excitement I had been feeling before came anywhere close to what I was feeling by this time.. I mean.., all I had been able to think about was - I'm actually eating Tom's dick! And, leaving the head till last made it remain obvious the whole time that it was indeed a dick - even when only half of the head was left. By the time I got through eating all of it the tingly feeling had not only come back but was a lot worse. I couldn't keep from rubbing again, and the same thing that happened before happened again - only this time it was even more intense and fantastic."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lisa paused for a moment, and the excitement that had been flashing in her eyes faded as a look of shame came on her face. "I know you must think I'm horrible, but, during the entire time, I wasn't having any kind of feelings toward Tom that were special, at least.., not in a way like you said. All I thought about was how exciting everything had been and at how unbelievably delicious his dick and nuts had tasted to the point of wishing they could have lasted longer. I don't think it even crossed my mind about them becoming a part of me in a special way that would forever join us together with our bodies becoming one. The only feelings I was having about Tom was just pure excitement from knowing that I had seen every single thing about what his dick and nuts had looked like both outside and inside, that I had touched and played with them and made them do all kind of funny things, that I had cooked them and smelled them while watching everything that the intense heat made them do, and, finally, that I had actually cut them up and eaten them and discovered how fantastically delicious they were."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"This was the only way I had been thinking about them, you know, only in terms of them being Tom&#8217;s dick and nuts. I didn't have any thoughts at all about them being a part of his body that I should look upon as having a special meaning - at least not in a way that was warm and tender."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Do you remember what you said in your office about you knowing how Tom would have decided if he had been told beforehand and was given a choice about who he would rather it be done by..? Well.., I think you were right, but he certainly wouldn&#8217;t have expected me to have behaved in a way coming anywhere close to what actually happened. If he had known all of the things I was going to find myself unable to keep from doing and how excited I was going to get, any caring feelings he might have had for me would have surely vanished. And.., my God..! Can you even begin to imagine the extent of how much more this would have embarrassed him beyond what he would have already been?"

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"That was something that had been in the back of my mind the entire time. You know.., realizing how embarrassed he would have been if he had known, well.., er.., to put it bluntly.., that I was going to make this part of him humiliate itself before me in just about the worst possible way that can be imagined, and how meekly it was going to allow all of these things to happen. But, instead of this making me feel sorry for him, it actually made me kind of proud and feeling like that in being a woman and having such total control over the very part that, more than anything else, showed that he had been a man had somehow made me feel, er.., well.., like I proven myself to be superior. I knew, of course, that I hadn&#8217;t really proven this, but for some reason, I just couldn&#8217;t help feeling this way which, in addition, was also creating a sense of pride that I found to be quite pleasing."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I know none of this makes any sense, but I just couldn't help it. I mean.., in knowing the extent of how much more it would have embarrassed him if he had known the way I was going to play with his dick and make it jiggle and flop back and forth in front of me.., and then play with his nuts and make them do funny things also.., how when his dick was being cooked, that it was going to do things that were.., well.., things that were extremely degrading like getting wet all over from cooking juices coming out while turning golden brown.., and then.., to make what was happing to it even more degrading.., starting to swell with me watching the whole time until it was real big with the head getting all strutted.., and the hole gaping wide open with juices running out more and more until they started bubbling and sputtering.., how his nuts were going to pop open with a puff of steam and letting me see what they looked like on the inside.., how my mouth was going to start watering from smelling the fabulous aroma being put off.., how his cooked dick and nuts were going to just lay on my plate in front of me for me to look at real close one last time.., how, after this.., they were going to be cut up in pieces and not only be chewed and eaten by me.., but almost gulped down because I had found them to be so unbelievably delicious.., how his dick would be so full of juices that some would dribble out the hole each time I pressed with my fork to cut a piece off which would then almost melt in my mouth.., all of the things I would do with the strutted head when it was all that remained.., and then.., when I cut the head down the middle and ate one of to halves.., I would find myself being stunned while thinking it being almost unbelievable that anything could possibly be so fantastically delicious.., and.., after it was all gone.., my only regret would be that there could not have been even more.., and.., what by far would be the worst of all for him to comprehend.., that I would find myself not only being highly amused and having a pleasing feeling of superior pride.., which were bad enough, but also a great deal of excitement.., excitement to such an extent that.., when looking at his cooked dick laying on the plate in front of me.., would become so intense that I would reach down and start rubbing myself. But in thinking about this.., instead of feeling any symphony whatsoever for how much it would have embarrassed him if he had been told that all of it was actually going to happen after he was dead.., I just giggled when knowing how mortified he would have truly been."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I calmed down some later in the day, and I began to feel real guilty and ashamed. It bothered me so much that it took a long time to go to sleep that night. But, when I woke up the next morning it downed on me that, regardless of how shameful I had behaved, Tom&#8217;s dick and nuts were indeed inside me and becoming a lasting part of my body. I started feeling real warm and tender in a way just like you said. And you know..? Realizing that at least some of it would became part of me, er.., down there where I had been wanting it made the feeling that much more special."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I can't tell you how happy this makes me, Lisa." The Supreme Commander said with sincere warmth while reaching out to squeeze Lisa's hand. "I think you will find that this tenderness toward Tom will not only continue but will contain an added enhancement that could not have been achieved in any other way."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lisa nodded in understanding. "Yes.., I think I know what you mean. I can't explain it, but I now have deep warmth for Tom that goes way beyond what I had before. But.." Lisa paused as a look of guilt again came on her face, "I'm afraid I still don't feel that way all the time though. Sometimes.., especially at night.., I start thinking about, er.., what I did and picturing things that had happened, and, when I do, I start getting excited again and feeling real tingly down there just like before."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Sometimes.., it gets so bad that I even though I try to stop I can't, and.., and I start rubbing again.., and then that unbelievably fantastic feeling that explodes and spreads over my body happens again. I don't have the slightest idea what it is. It's great when it happens, but, afterward, I always feel ashamed like I'm betraying Tom by getting excited not from thinking about him as a person that I care for but from thinking about his dick and nuts and the things I had I had done to them and seen them do."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Those unbelievable feelings you experienced are called "organisms", Lisa." The Supreme Commander said with a warm smile. "They are indeed fantastic. It's perfectly normal and is something nature intended to be enjoyed - not suppressed. The thoughts you find yourself continuing to have, and the excitement they bring are perfectly normal also."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"You can't help having the inner-desires and emotions of a woman, Lisa, and I assure you that yielding to them does not betray, in any form whatsoever, the feelings that you and Tom had for each other. I'm afraid there were some things I didn't mention when I discussed the "special meaning" that this part of a man's body has to a woman when she cares for him in a manner that you care for Tom. It indeed brings feelings of deep warmth and intimacy, but it also, at times, leads to unleashing passions and emotions that are nothing more than "raw sex" and over which you have little control."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"It was the caring you have for Tom that made your awareness of them being his penis and testicles resulting in creating an excitement becoming far greater than if they had been the sex organs of a man that was unknown. I assure you nothing you did was, in any way, an act of disrespect toward him and is certainly nothing for which you should feel shame. Your motives were pure and this is all that matters."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I urge you to let the thoughts you find yourself having at times and your response to them to continue. The worst thing you can do is try and suppress them and keep them bottled up. Please Lisa, don't deny your body that which nature not only intended, but which you have only just begun to discover the exhilarating pleasure and excitement it can bring. Instead of feeling shame afterward, you should accept these feelings for what they truly are &#8211; entirely normal which exist in all women and something that is meant for us to enjoy to the fullest."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A mischievous smile came over the Supreme Commander's face. "But I'm afraid, my dear, that the way to enjoy them to the fullest is something which you have not yet taken the opportunity to discover. As fantastic as your organisms have been you'll find them to be far more intense and exhilarating when you visit one of the compounds and enjoy a male body in the manner that nature truly intended." Lisa's face turned bright red. "Oh goodness..! I could never get up enough nerve to do that!" She said. "We'll see." The Supreme Commander chuckled. "We'll see."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A period of silence ensued at this point and, in coming, Lisa soon began to fidget in her seat and show signs of becoming apprehensive. The excitement brought on from talking about and visualizing the details of her experience had taken her thoughts away from what lay ahead. But they quickly returned when the conversation subsided. "Your archery instructor tells me that you have quite a talent for using a bow and arrow." The Supreme Commander said in recognizing the symptoms and trying to ease the tension by approaching the subject in a lighthearted manner. "Well.., it's kind of hard to miss when you're only a few feet away." Lisa replied. "But that's just using a target that's a large picture of a man's chest. I still don't think I'll be able to get up the nerve to shoot a man for real."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lisa paused thoughtfully for a moment and then continued. "But you know..? Thinking about actually killing a man and then cutting up his body has bothered me a whole lot the past few days, but the thing that has bothered me the most has been thinking about how I'm suppose to, er.., to play with him down there. If I was alone it might be different, but.., with several thousand women watching.., I don't think there's any way I'd be able to do that even if I could get up enough nerve to kill him. I mean.., it would simply embarrass me to death."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Lisa." The Supreme Commander said. "Playing with and making fun of the sex organs is not a requirement. This is encouraged because it creates a great deal of excitement and enjoyment for not only to the participants, but for the audience as well. It has been found to provide very useful and positive benefits after all of the enormous suffering, agony, and hardships we have been forced to endure for so many years at the hands of males. But, as desirable as this might be, it has nothing to do with the purpose for what is being done. We are there for one main reason, and one main reason only - to obtain meat for our tables to avoid starvation. This is all that matters, and, as long as this vital goal is accomplished, any additional benefits that might be gained are secondary."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander looked at Lisa and smiled. "But, although "playing with them down there" is voluntary, I have not heard of a single occasion where a woman in "harvesting" a male has passed up the opportunity. And, I can assure you that many had strong doubts and reservations beforehand the same as you. This was surely the case for me, but, when the moment arrived, as I have said earlier, I found myself being caught up by an unbounded excitement over which I had no control. I'm sure it will be the same for you also - especially when you see the surprised I've arranged."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Surprise..? What surprise?" Lisa asked. "It wouldn't be a surprise if I told you." The Supreme Commander said. "You'll just have to wait. I'll tell you this though, I think it will be one that you will find yourself enjoying to the fullest." Lisa was totally bewildered. When considering what lay ahead she could not contemplate any type of surprise that could possibly bring enjoyment. Instead of perusing the matter, however, she shrugged and passed it off as nothing more that an attempt to help boost her courage.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander reached over and handed Lisa a small device. "Put this in your ear before you come out." She said. "It's a miniature transmitter and receiver. I have one also, and we can talk to each other when I'm in the stands and you're on the floor of the arena. All you need to do is speak in a normal tone. It will be as though I was standing right next to you. If you find yourself having any difficulty just say what it is, and I will offer any advice and encouragement that I can. And, if you find yourself unable to continue after he has been brought out just say so, and I will signal for another woman to take your place."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I really don't think you're going to have any problems though - not after hearing how you have already found yourself being overwhelmed in ways over which you not only had no control but would have thought beforehand to be impossible. I will be greatly surprised if you don't find the same spellbinding emotions not only returning, but being joined by others of equal or even greater intensity. The only thing you have to do is to just give them a chance to be released."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; "I don't know." Lisa said. "I'll try.., but I just don't know."&nbsp; "That's all I ask, Lisa." The Supreme Commander said while trying to keep the relief suddenly surging through her from showing. She then decided to change the subject in an attempt to get the girl's mind from dwelling on what lay ahead. "I see you've added to your vocabulary and have started referring to the sex organs of males by their correct terms."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I've been trying to think of them in that way." Lisa said blushing. "At least for Tom's. I think it sounds more respectful. But I'm afraid I kind of forget and started calling them by the other names while I was talking and, toward the end, was doing this just about all the time."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"You did just fine." The Supreme Commander said. "Sometimes, using the slang terms just seems to be more suitable. I know I find myself calling them "dicks" and "nuts" more times than not." Lisa giggled but made no reply, and the Supreme Commander continued with idle conservation until they reached the arena.









&nbsp; THE FUTURE
By C

PART II
CHAPTER 30
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander was taken aback at the scene that unfolded before her. She had left Lisa in the capable hands of a kindly woman that was in charge of greeting and instructing arriving participates and, after giving the girl a hug and words of final encouragement, had climbed a flight of stairs and entered the spacious stands of the same arena in which she had taken Tom's life on that eventful day. It was her first return, and her reaction came from getting her first look at a "harvesting" operation in full production.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Fifty large wooden tables sat around the perimeter of the arena floor, and inside of these were numerous racks from which hung row after row of glistening, freshly skinned, human male carcasses of a number that greatly exceeded what she and her colleagues had amassed that first day which, at the time, she had thought to be highly impressive. And, of the tables, there was not a single one whose surface did not contain the lifeless body of a naked man in the process of being butchered except for two bodies that were laying spread-eagled on their backs while the women that had taken their lives were playfully taunting the exposed manhood. The bleeding bodies of ten more naked men, hanging suspended upside-down by one leg from motorized hoists, revolved slowly above tables where work was nearing completion in readiness to be lowered as soon as the surfaces were cleared.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;In the very center of the floor was the startling sight of a table upon whose surface lay a huge pile of severed penises and scrotums of a height that staggered the imagination. Next to this, and maybe the most shocking sight of all, was a large wheeled bin containing nothing but men's severed heads whose open eyes gave the eerie impression of still being alive.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Other activities were also taking place. The bodies of two men, leaving trails of blood, were being dragged by the feet from a small, screened enclosure. At another location, a group of women were busily engaged in lifting down some of the carcasses and stacking them like cord-wood on several large, four-wheeled hand trucks which, when loaded, would be pushed out to join others awaiting the arrival of a refrigeration truck for transport to facilities that would do final processing and distribution.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;And there was more to be seen - a women carrying a shallow pan containing a severed head and genitals - two women pushing a wheeled bin filled with crushed ice from table to table where they would pause long enough to throw several shovelfuls into similar bins in which could be seen arms, legs and containers filled with all types of internal organs. In addition, some of these latter bins that had already become full were being pushed away to the loading area and were being passed by empty ones being brought in to take their place.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Such was the scene that greeted the Supreme Commander, and, in spite of thinking herself to have been prepared, had caused her to gape in amazement. She had tried to contemplate what it would be like to witness something such as this ever since being involved in the early planning stages on how "harvestings" would be conducted and, for the past few weeks, had looked at photographs and watched video replays of them actually taking place. But she quickly discovered that none of these come close to capturing the effect of seeing it actually taking place.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She had, of course, played a primary role and witnessed the events of that first "harvest", but she found the experience had done little in preparing her to being suddenly confronted by one being conducted on a much greater scale where emphasis was clearly aimed at production rather than merely giving an introductory demonstration. The arena floor that had previously seemed so spacious was now crowded and congested, yet, in spite of this, the activity was being done in an efficient manner that gave the appearance having settled into an established routine.

  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When the first "harvest" had been approaching conclusion the Supreme Commander had been pleased in noting that the effort to create an atmosphere giving the impression of a meat processing operation being conducted had been somewhat successful. But the atmosphere which she now found surrounding her was far more than a mere impression. This WAS a meat processing operation in every sense of the word, and the startling identity of the bodies being butchered did nothing to detract from it being readily apparent.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It took only moments for the Supreme Commander to take all of this in, and she felt a sense of wonder as she made her way to her seat and sat down. She raised her binoculars, and it was only then she saw that what at a distance had given the appearance of being a well established routine was anything but routine to the women busily engaged in butchering the bodies of men lying on the tables. She smiled with pleasure as she looked at one face after another and, in every case, saw eyes flashing with exhilaration and excitement that were indeed every bit as intense as what she and her colleagues had experienced. Reading reports describing women of the general population reacting in such a manner did not come close to giving the satisfaction of actually seeing it take place.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;After observing this heartening sight for several minutes the Supreme Commander turned her attention to the large female audience. It was a sharp contrast to the coordinated and businesslike activity taking place below. The spectators, comprised of at least several thousand women, were in a festive, jovial mood but also, one that was relaxed in a way making it obvious that, for them, this was not the first occasion of observing such a scene. But, at the same time, the repetition had obviously done nothing to dampen the enthusiasm. The air was charged with excitement and almost all were looking eagerly from one activity to another through raised binoculars. The table holding the huge pile of severed penises and scrotums was receiving a great many lingering glances to the extent of making it obvious that it had become an object of particular interest.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander had been in the midst of taking all of this in when she became aware of a mummer starting to pass through the audience and binoculars turning look in the same direction. She looked down at the arena floor and saw two towel clad men with hands tied behind their backs being forcefully escorted by a woman holding firmly on each arm and another following behind.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;One of the men immediately drew her attention. He was a huge, barrel-chested, individual with thick hair covering most of his body and a bushy beard that gave him an extremely menacing appearance. In addition, his eyes glared with fierce anger, and he was struggling to the extent that, even though the women holding his arms and the third having to push from behind had been chosen for their physical size and strength, it was only with difficulty that he was being forced forward. Clearly, this was a very dangerous and violent man.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The second man was of average statue and was offering no resistance at all. A glance at his face, however, revealed a blank, uncomprehending, look that showed him to be one of the countless number whose years of combat had rendered mentally unbalanced and, therefore, although docile and out of touch with reality much of the time, was subject to being highly unpredictable.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The area into which the men were being led was a screened enclosure that, while not high enough to obstruct the interior being viewed from the stands, prevented at floor level from being able to observe what was taking place beyond its confines. A screen standing in front of a rack holding an assortment of bows and a large quantity of arrows kept these items out of sight also.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The men were brought to a halt in the center of a large square covered by canvas stretched tightly on the floor, and the two woman that had been following behind each knelt and quickly bound the captive's feet together in a skillful manner indicating a maneuver practiced countless times. The women holding the men's arms then stepped away with the two that had been wrestling with the giant pausing to warily watch him struggle against his bonds and then, apparently satisfied, followed the others out.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Two other women that had been standing at the far end of the enclosure while all of this had been taking place stepped forward and, after pausing a tantalizing moment, reached out and yanked away the towels leaving the men standing naked. A wave of cheering, laughter, giggling, and cat-whistles broke out from the female audience indicating obvious approval. The Supreme Commander didn't openly join the merriment, but she was unable to suppress a chuckle when she saw that the penis of the larger man, in spite of
his huge bulk, was quite small with only the head being visible hanging from an extremely thick thatch of hair. By contrast, the penis of his companion, whose physical features were dwarfed in all other respects, was far more prominent even though, at best, it would be considered only average.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When his towel had been pulled away the huge man had uttered a furious bellow and renewed his efforts to break free. It was only after straining to the point that his body trembled from exertion that he accepted the futility, stopped his struggles, and stood glaring about with a red face whose bright color was more the result of rage than embarrassment. He gave the appearance that in spite of being treated in what, to him, must surely have been a highly bizarre manner, he apparently did not consider himself to be in any great danger.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;This viewpoint, however, came to a sudden end when the woman that had disrobed him, after stepping back and allowing her eyes to wander briefly over his nakedness, turned, walked behind the screen, return moments later with a bow and an arrow in hand, took a sideways position directly in his front, inserted the notch of the arrow in the bowstring, and drew it back to its full length while raising her outstretched left arm to aim the gleaming, razor sharp point at his chest. In addition, it didn't help matters that the other woman had taken the same action and was directing her attention to his still uncomprehending companion. As this series of events had been unfolding the man's look of rage faded as his face first showed signs of uncertainty that changed to apprehension and then, outright fear.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander, however, had given little notice of the man's reaction. Instead, when the two women raised their weapons she became aware of the sounds of feminine merriment in the audience coming to an end and being replaced by a silence that was almost eerie. She looked at the women seated around her and saw that they were staring excitedly in mesmerized fascination at the scene below. It was quite evident that they were acutely aware of being on the verge of witnessing human life come to an abrupt end in a dramatic and exciting manner and, as such, had been caught up in a suspense comprised of both fascination and anticipation. She had observed similar reactions taking place among the audience on that first day during the demonstration, and it apparently made little difference that the women around her had, by now, watched the same thing taking place over and over again. In spite of the repetition, however, the effect that it brought on did not appear to have been dampened in the least.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She also observed something else being present that had gone undiminished with the passage of time. Even if she had not witnessed it previously there could be no mistaking the cause for the slack-mouth expressions of longing and excitement being registered on faces that, for many, was accompanied by subconsciously stroking prominent bulges of swollen nipples or pressing between spread legs. It was obvious that these women were vividly aware that the human life they were about to witness coming to a violent end were those of naked members of the opposite sex - an awareness that served to heighten an excitement of which a great deal had become purely sexual.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander had been heartened in seeing the extent to which the raw passion of these emotions still remained, but the thing that heartened her the most was in seeing that they were far more prominent than what had been observed at that first event. The women also had looks of glee on their faces which could have no other meaning than being joyful about what was about to occur. Such a reaction would not be possible unless there were feelings of both resentment and uncaring toward not only the two members of the opposite sex that were moments from death - but for the remains below of the hundreds that had already perished. It was clear that they were of the opinion that the fate being received was justly deserved and not worthy of concern. Of all the emotions she and her colleagues had hoped to bring forth among the female population, it had been the creation of feelings such as this that had been desired the most.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The silence in the arena become so pronounced that the trembling voice of the huge giant could be clearly heard coming over the speakers when the woman before him raised her bow. "Hey..! What the hell's going on..? Come-on..! Put that damn thing down..! No..! No..! Don't..! Plea.." The last was cut short as over the speakers came the remembered sounds of the twang of released bowstrings, brief swishes of arrows in flight, thuds, and then slicing sounds that were accompanied by startled gasps that had obviously been uttered by males. Any sounds coming over the speakers afterward, however, were drowned out as the audience erupted in a loud, triumphant cheer.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander turned her attention back to the floor. The two men appeared to standing as before except that each had the feathered end of an arrow protruding from his left breast. A quick glance at their faces, however, revealed the same vacant eyed expressions of stunned surprise she quickly recognized - death had been instantaneous.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When the lifeless bodies toppled backward a moment later and crashed to the floor, another triumphant cheer erupted. Both men landed in the same position as had Tom and a large number of the others in which feet being tied resulted in them being trapped beneath buttocks and forcing bent knees to spread wide and pelvises to thrust upward. The two men lay motionless in this degrading position for several moments, and then, almost in unison, both began to jerk violently.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Due to its short length, the resulting antics of the penis on the larger man would have been described more in terms of jiggling rather than flopping about wildly as was the case with that of his companion. But, due to its extreme limpness it was, nevertheless, highly active and comical.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The sound of laughter and giggling coming from the audience caused the Supreme Commander to return her attention to the women seated around her. The degree of spirited amusement she observed exceeded any that had taken place at the&nbsp; demonstration harvest", and the same was true for looks of triumph and exhilarating excitement as they stared transfixed at the thrashing bodies - or, primarily, at what was between the widespread legs. And, in spite of the lack of endowment, that part of the larger man appeared to be receiving the most attention. She did not find this to be surprising. There could be little doubt that every member of the audience was finding it especially gratifying to see a man of such belligerence and enormous bulk not only being fell with simple ease by the hand of a fellow woman but, in so doing, in a manner that brought forth such a humiliating reaction.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander could also see that sexual excitement in the women around her had also become far more intense - which was clearly evident from observing many hands pressing and rubbing between spread legs. Joy surged within as she watched such erotic behavior being displayed by women who were staring intently at the spectacle taking place below which, for many, reached the point of bodies exploding in intense organisms.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The reports she had received had been correct. The enthusiasm and excitement being displayed had indeed increased from what she had witnessed on that first day. And, not only was this the case, but this time, there was a marked difference in the cause that had brought it about. The women of that prior audience had been caught up in a fervor ignited by her emotional and fiery verbal assault on the male population in placing full blame upon them as being solely responsible for the desperate crisis that threatened the very survival of the entire world.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The women she was now observing, however, were not responding from being caught up by a passionate speech. They had merely walked in, sat down, and started watching what was taking place. And yet, in so doing, they had been caught up in an excitement that was not only far more intense but was different in manner. There was still a wild enthusiasm being fanned by feelings of hostility and resentment, but the charged atmosphere of being caught up in the grips of an uncontrollable fervor was no longer in evidence. There was, instead, an atmosphere of being caught up in the grips of what was proving to be a spellbinding form of enjoyment. In spite of being in the midst of witnessing human life coming to a violent and devastating end, these women were clearly at ease in their surroundings.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;To put it in simple terms, the women were being entertained - entertained from watching men being forcefully brought out, stripped naked, brutally slain, the lifeless bodies being treated with disdain while being taunted and humiliated, and then unceremoniously butchered as though being of no more importance than livestock. And, it was from witnessing this still hard to believe activity, and from this alone, that had resulted in creating an excitement that greatly exceeded what she had observed before.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was quite evident, however, that none of the exhilarating excitement had caused the women to loose sight of the fact that the human life they were watching come to a sudden and violent end was being done for the purpose of being slaughtered for food. To do so would have been highly difficult in such an atmosphere where hundreds of skinned carcasses were hanging in full view. But, of primary importance, it was equally evident that, at no time, were any feelings of concern being felt for the victims. All that was being felt was excitement, merriment, triumphant glee, and feminine pride.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was readily apparent that none of the members of this audience would later find themselves feeling guilt or remorse when eating their meals. If anything, sitting down to their tables and looking at the meat on their plates would only bring forth renewed excitement from having witnessed the dramatic and exciting manner in which it was being obtained. A warm smile spread across the Supreme Commander's face. The vital and noble goal for which she and her colleagues had strived to achieve had been accomplished with remarkable success.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She returned her attention to the arena floor as the two bodies, leaving trails of blood, were being drug by the feet from the enclosure. Four women, two on each leg, were needed to pull the massive bulk of the larger man but, with their combined strength, were having little difficulty.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Several women entered the enclosure as soon as it was vacated, and they quickly unhooked elastic cords holding the canvas whose surface was now smeared with bright red stains. The women bundled up the canvas, dropped it in a large plastic tub, quickly unfolded a clean replacement, and hooked it in place. The entire operation had taken no more than a minute, and, when finished, the enclosure looked as before - giving no evidence of what had occurred.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The women departing the screened area passed three others that were entering and whose hesitant manner caught the Supreme Commander's attention. When the newcomers reached the end of the enclosure they stood in a group and smiled nervously at each other in an obvious attempt to bolster their courage. The Supreme Commander smiled in knowing that the nervousness would not last very long. She was soon proven to be correct when a few minutes later the women's eyes were flashing with excitement as they gleefully watched the now lifeless bodies of their naked victims being dragged away by the feet - each leaving a trail of blood.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;As soon these latest victims were removed from the enclosure, the recently placed canvas, now covered with blood, was quickly taken up and replaced in the same manner as had its' predecessor. The cycle was repeated again and again in a never ending regularity in which the only difference was that the numbers of men being brought out varied depending upon how many tables were approaching becoming empty. In most cases, they were slain either two or three at a time but, on several occasions, it had been four. The procedure was organized in such a manner that insured a fresh body was always hanging in readiness above a table where work was nearing completion so that it could be lowered the moment the surface was cleaned and, thereby, insure not a moment being wasted.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander watched the steady flow of men perishing before her, but, surprisingly, she soon reached a point of giving them little notice. Instead, her thoughts returned to worrying about Lisa which resulted in her becoming increasingly anxious as time passed. She began to squirm in her seat and, as she did, found herself starting to have second thoughts.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Since entering the arena, she had not seen a single woman come out that, although most were extremely nervous at first, had not been quickly caught up with uncontrollable excitement. But, would this really be the case for Lisa? After all, none of those she observed had been raised with the forceful influence of old-fashion beliefs and morals being instilled by strict upbringing. Could such an influence truly be swept aside in a matter of moments? And what of the surprise that had been arranged? Would it serve to provide the added boost for which she hoped? Was her decision not to tell Lisa beforehand but let it come as a jolting shock the correct thing to do? She shook her head. "Well, it's too late now." She said to herself.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander's thoughts became so focused on her concerns for Lisa that she continued to pay little noticed when three more trowel clad men were brought out and were soon standing naked, side by side, bound hand and foot and, each one, facing a women holding a raised bow and drawn arrow that was being aimed at the bared chests. Her gaze lingered almost idly on one of the men, and it was only by chance that she took noticed of the look on his face - a look of sheer terror.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A moment later, a triumphant cheer erupted from the audience as a brief blur changed into the feathered end of an arrow suddenly appearing protruding from his left breast. He uttered a short gasp as his expression changed into yet another vacant look of stunned surprise - a look that told her that he was no longer alive. His suddenly lifeless body toppled backward, accompanied by his companions who had suffered the same fate, and all crashed simultaneously to the floor - bringing forth another rousing cheer.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A sudden jolt went through the Supreme Commander. In the mist of all of this festive gaiety the life of the man she had been looking at and of those that had been with him had not only come to a sudden and violent end, but, in the moments before it occurred, they had been experiencing one of the most gut-wrenching terrors known &#8211; that of suddenly realizing that one's own death was at hand. And, not only had the same been the case for all of the others that had perished since her arrival, but had surely been equally so for the hundreds before she came that were now nothing but carcasses hanging inert in rows like sides of beef. All had experienced a fear and horror of almost unbelievable magnitude in the moments before they died in humiliation, helpless and naked, as a wildly enthusiastic female audience had laughed and cheered. And, while her concerns for Lisa had prevented being caught up in a likewise festive manner as she had experienced during the demonstration harvest", she had, nevertheless, watched it taking place with an almost abstract indifference.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She had, of course, been aware of the steady stream of men being brought out and killed before her, but, beyond this, had given little thought to the immense fear and sheer terror that had griped each one during the moments before death. A few weeks ago, finding herself containing an indifference of this magnitude would have impossible, and it came as quite a surprise to realize the extent to which it had now not only occurred, but had done so with such a remarkable ease. And, of almost equal surprise, instead of feeling concern at discovering such a profound transformation having taken place within her, she found herself being pleased at the realization.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She smiled and shook her head in amused dismay. The men she had watched with indifference as they died in terror were vastly different from Tom and the other innocent young men that had been slain on that first day, but she suspected that even if this had not been the case it would have made little difference. It was a far cry from the deep feelings of compassion that had always been such a dominate part of her nature, and, strangely enough, in spite of all that had changed within her, she felt this part of her remained the same.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander's thoughts were interrupted by a beep in the device in her ear which was the signal that Lisa was about to come out. She had been startled that it was happening so soon until she glanced at her watch and saw far more time had elapsed than it had seemed. She realized that she must have lost track of time which was confirmed when she looked at the table upon which lay the huge man that had been killed when she first arrived - or, to be more precise - what remained of him. His body was nothing more than a skinned torso in the process of being cut in-half down the spine by the woman that had taken his life. The massive bulk was all that remained to give evidence of it having been the same hairy giant that had displayed such immense anger and belligerence a short while ago.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Apprehension gripped the Supreme Commander when she saw Lisa and another girl that looked to be her same age walk tentatively from beneath the stands and enter the screened enclosure. She nodded with approval in realizing that the paring, in all likelihood, had been deliberate to enable the girls to gain mutual comfort from each other. But, this did little to ease her building tension, and the hesitant manner in which Lisa walked with downcast eyes did little to offer encouragement.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander switched on her transmitter. "You look absolutely stunning in that outfit Lisa." She said in a cheerful voice. "I'm scared to death." Came a trembling reply. "Almost everyone is that way at first." The Supreme Commander said trying to sound far more confident than she felt. "That will quickly go away as soon as things get started. Don't worry, you'll do just fine." "I.., I don't know.. I just don't know. "Lisa said &#8211; sounding extremely doubtful. "Just hang in there a little longer." The Supreme Commander replied encouragingly. "I promise. It will be entirely different when he's brought out."&nbsp; "I.., I hope so.., but I don't see how." Lisa replied with the same tone of doubt.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;As soon as the girls reached the end of the enclosure their trowel clad victims, hands tied behind their backs, were escorted into view. The one chosen for Lisa had a fierce scowl on his face and was struggling to the point that, even though of only average build, the woman following behind was having to push.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;As the men were brought forward, the girl standing beside Lisa looked intently at the one that was her intended victim. It did not take her long to begin showings signs of excitement, but Lisa, however, appeared unwilling to raise her eyes.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Lisa, please, please look at him. Just look at him. That's all I ask." The Supreme Commander said in a pleading tone. In response, Lisa slowly raised her head and looked at the approaching figure. Then, with her eyes becoming moist to the point of brimming with tears, her head once again started downward as she said, "I can't.. Please., I just..."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lisa's pleas were cut short as she suddenly raised her head to look again - this time in a confused, searching manner. Her eyes then opened wide in disbelief, and, uttering a gasp, she stepped backward with a look of fear coming on her face. But then, a decisive change took place. The expression of fear faded and was replaced by a look of coldness that increased in intensity as the man came closer and then brought to a halt before her with his feet being quickly tied.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Hello Billy. Remember me?" Lisa said as she stepped forward and glared in the man's face. "What the hell's going on?" Came the snarling reply that was followed by a startled - "Hey..! What th..?" - when Lisa reached out and yanked away the towel.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Up to this point, Billy had been looking around in confusion, and it was only upon being stripped naked that he turned his attention to Lisa who had taken a step backward and was staring boldly between his legs. "So that's it huh?" Billy said with a sneer. "You damn dames just can't get your fill. It's not enough to tie us blindfolded and gagged to a bed so one of you can come in and get her jollies off. Now, a whole bunch of you wants to get a look. We never did buy that line of telling us that it was being done because women started feeling sorry for us because we weren't getting any. We knew all along what the real reason was, and this sure as hell proves it."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Billy started to make another cutting remark but stopped when he suddenly took note of the striking beauty of Lisa's young face. His eyes then shifted downward to her short skirt that curved outward over smoothly rounded hips and molded tantalizingly to the flatness of her abdomen. His mouth became slack as he stared in a manner that made it clear he was visualizing what lay beneath.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;His gaze lingered for a few moments and then continued downward. The look of longing became more acute as he studied the appealing curves and smoothness of her upper thighs and legs. The process was slowly repeated, going upward, until his eyes roamed approvingly over the large, proud, swells of her unrestrained young breasts and finally came to rest on faint but noticeable bulges of nipples beneath the soft fabric.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Look.., er.., don't get me wrong though." Billy said. "It's not that we don't like the way it's being done regardless of what the real reason might be. In fact.., I've got to admit it's been damn exciting." He then looked eagerly at Lisa's face. "Look.., er.., when those dames up there get their fill of gawking and they take us back, er.., if you're looking for a good time why don't you come along. You'd find it to be a lot more fun if I'm not tied up, but you can do it that way if you want. But at least leave the damn blindfolded off. OK? I mean.., it's only fair after you already having seen everything about me."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lisa uttered a short, sarcastic laugh. "That's the second time you've told me how much I would enjoy your dick, Billy." She then reached out and, placing the tips of her fingers under the head of his penis, lifted it up and rocked it from side to side. "Humm.." She said in an appraising tone. "I have to admit that it's not bad at all." Then, giving a sneer, she flipped it away and said, "But I'm afraid it doesn't compare with Tom's.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Tom?" Bully questioned in a confused tone. Lisa glared at him with her face blazing with contempt. "You still don't recognize me do you? I guess you've raped so many women that you can't even remember what they looked like - not even one that got away. Well, I'm the girl that you and you gang of thugs was just before raping until Tom came along and stopped you. Do you remember now?"

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Billy's eyes opened wide in disbelief. "You..?" He stammered. "How? I mean.., that was years ago."&nbsp; "Yes, it was years ago Billy." Lisa said with her voice turning cold. "Maybe you forgot me, but I sure as hell haven't forgotten you!"

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Up to this point, Billy's manner had shown, in spite of the bizarre nature of what was happening, that he had not thought himself to be in any particular danger. Now, a look of concern crossed his face, and he looked around nervously. He was totally baffled as to how he had been found out for something that had happened years ago, but there was no use trying to deny it when the intended victim, who he now finally recognized, was standing before him making the accusation.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Look." He said. "We had been drinking and were only out looking for a little fun. We were just trying to scare you some - that's all. We weren't really going to do anything."&nbsp; "Ha!" Lisa shot back. "Do you expect me to believe that! I was there! Remember? Tell me Billy, how many women have you beaten and raped? Do you even know? Did you torture and kill them afterward just for the fun of it and then laugh about it when they were dead?

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Billy's look of nerviness changed to fear. "What.., ugh.., what are you going to do?" He stammered. "Don't worry, Billy." Lisa said in a tone that, although filled with contempt, had suddenly become calm. "Nobody's going to hurt you even though you deserve it. But women are not like that."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lisa turned to leave, but then stopped and looked back. "Oh! Remember when Tom made you go away, and you yelled at him that you hoped he enjoyed himself? Well, I'm afraid Tom didn't enjoy me, but, several weeks ago, I sure as hell enjoyed him." Then laughing, she added, "You know Billy? You were right all along. We dames are crazy about men's bodies and especially your dicks. You can't begin to imagine just how truly fantastic we think dicks are. Tom's surely was. But, I'm afraid I'll have to pass on yours. Don't let that worry you though. Another woman will be enjoying it real soon."&nbsp; "Huh? What do you mean by that?" Billy asked. Instead of making a reply, Lisa turned and walked away - leaving him gaping at her in total bewilderment.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The other girl had become so caught up with excitement from looking at the nakedness of her own victim that she paid no attention to the exchange that had taken place. In fact, Lisa had to tap her on the shoulder to get her attention while walking toward the screened rack holding the bows and arrows.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Unlike her companion, however, there was no wild excitement in Lisa's manner. Instead, there was a look of cold determination on her face which left little doubt, as she reached to pick up her weapons, that she had every intention of using them. But, in this regard, there was also nothing in her behavior that showed any indication of being possessed by a fury of seeking revenge. Her manner was one of responding to the performing of a task that simply needed to be done - Billy did not deserve to live - not because of what he had attempted to do to her - but for the atrocities that he had undoubtedly done to other women that had been far less fortunate.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander had not only observed through her binoculars all that had taken place, but had also heard everything that had been said through her ear piece. Her decision to search out Billy and arrange for him to be Lisa's victim had proven to be highly effective, and, from the reluctant manner in which Lisa had been acting just prior to recognizing him, it had, in all likelihood, prevented her from turning to flee and bringing total failure. But, on the other hand, the Supreme Commander had no idea as to just how much success had actually been achieved. Lisa's manner was making it quite obvious that she would take Billy's life but what would happen afterward was highly uncertain.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She had been hoping to see Lisa being caught up in an excitement brought on by being thrilled at the sudden prospect of being able to reap vengeance on a hated and despised foe. Her hopes had been that if this were to happen it might serve to provide the catalyst needed to awaken and unleash uncontrollable emotions that had proven to be so overwhelming for herself, her colleagues, and all those she had just recently observed. But, while Lisa had made the depth of the hostility she felt toward Billy very clear, instead of being swept up in a frenzy of anger she had remained remarkably calm in displaying a manner of cold contempt that Billy had probably found to be far more frightening. Lisa's actions had proven to be yet another insight into the girl's remarkable courage and character, and, although it was not what had been hoped for, the Supreme Commander could not help from being filled with admiration.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The admiration, however, did little to comfort her continuing concern as to what the final outcome would prove to be. Lisa's manner was one of which, after taking Billy's life, she might well consider having accomplished what needed to be done and throw down the bow and simply walk away without even thinking about the remainder of what she was expected to do. And, even if she remembered, would an awareness of the massive audience that was watching cause a return of her embarrassment to the point of being unable to continue?

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lisa had found no difficulty in being able to stare boldly between Billy's legs, and she had even reached out to lift his penis and give it a brief examination. But those acts had been primarily caused by scorn, and the Supreme Commander had serious doubts that Lisa, at the time, had even been aware of either the audience or her surroundings.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander did notice, however, Lisa's nipples starting to enlarge during the time that she had been touching and looking at Billy's penis. The bulges beneath the sweater had quickly faded when she resumed her angry confrontation, but the brief arousal indicated that, at least for a moment, something within the girl's subconscious had begun to stir. It wasn't much upon which to base a great deal of hope - but at least it was something.









 THE FUTURE
By C

PART II
CHAPTER 31
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Gee! I've never been so excited in my whole life! This is going to be fantastic!" - The Supreme Commander heard Lisa&#8217;s companion gushing excitedly. If Lisa heard she made no response and, with no change showing in her air of cold determination, walked back and stopped a short distance in front of Billy - holding her bow in one hand and the arrow in the other.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"What the hell's going on?" Billy stammered with his face draining of color and registering a look of disbelief and growing panic. "Come-on now..! Put that damn thing down..! This game's gone far enough!"

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"This is no game, Billy." Came Lisa's cold and emotionless reply. "Look..! I'm sorry..! OK..?" Billy stammered, his voice filling with desperation. "I'm not really like that..! It was the war..! War makes people do things they wouldn't do otherwise.. But the war's over now.. Things are different." "Yes, Billy." Lisa replied. "Things are very different. And thank God they are."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"You.., you said I wasn't going to be hurt." Billy quailed as Lisa calmly took a sideways stance, inserted the notch of the arrow in the bowstring, and pulled it back while raising her outstretched left arm at the same time. "I told you the truth Billy. You won't feel a thing." Lisa said calmly as she bent her head to one side, looked down the polished shaft of the arrow, and aimed the gleaming point at his left breast.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Please..! Don't..! Have mercy..!" Billy pleaded. He then became so gripped with terror that speech was no longer possible. He could only stand and stare in wide-eyed horror at the girl before him whose cold and determined manner was showing every
intent of releasing the deadly projectile at any moment.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander, with raised binoculars, took no notice of an eerie silence once again coming over the audience. Her full attention was riveted on Lisa, and she held her breath while searching the girl's face for any change of expression. It was at this point that Lisa, waiting for the chime to sound so that both arrows could be released simultaneously, found herself being given a moment to reflect. She looked at Billy standing naked and terrified before her, and in so doing, the full impact of realizing what was about to occur flooded over her with dramatic suddenness. Her calm manner vanished, and her face and eyes began to fill with an excitement that rapidly became a look of wild, enthusiastic, anticipation.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The sound of the chime rang out, and a blur flashed across the Supreme Commander's field of vision as the arrow in Lisa's bow vanished - accompanied by the combined twangs of released bowstrings, brief swishes that ended in thuds, slicing sounds, and startled outcries coming from Billy and his companion that were drowned out by a wild, triumphant, cheer erupting from the audience.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lisa's attention remained fixed on Billy, and she stared in spellbound fascination at the vacant-eyed expression that came on his now lifeless face. But the spell was broken, and she jumped with glee as he toppled backward and crashed to the floor - falling in the same position as had so many others with feet trapped beneath his buttocks - thrusting his pelvis upward and forcing bent knees outward.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;His body then begun to jerk in violent spasms, and a flood of relief passed through the Supreme Commander as she watched Lisa walk beside him and stare down in triumphant excitement. It was quite apparent that Lisa's gaze was directed at thrashing antics taking place between his widespread legs, and the expression that came on her face, accompanied by pronounced bulges becoming visible beneath her sweater, left little doubt as to the nature in which a large part of her excitement was beginning to take.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The transformation within Lisa had not come until the last moment, but, when it did, it was with a suddenness that was total and complete. The Supreme Commander could not have desired for it to have been any more intense, and she looked with pure elation as Lisa stood next to Billy's body and continued to stare, with unbounded excitement and pride, between his legs as the jerking began to subside until he lay motionless with his pelvis again lifted upward.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander was gratified in seeing Billy fall in this position for, as she had noticed with Tom and so many others, it gave the impression of straining to offer up in total surrender that which, more that any other, showed him to be male and, in so doing, appearing to pay tribute to the member of its opposite sex that had subjected it to the most ultimate defeat in a dramatic and humiliating manner.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She was suddenly struck by the irony of seeing Lisa stand triumphantly over Billy in this manner. On the previous occasion when their paths had crossed, it had been he that had stood over her - his pants leg bulging from his penis being swollen with desire for that which lay helpless and vulnerable beneath. But now, the role was reversed. It was the soft folds of Lisa's vulva that had become swollen with desire and towered above that of him which now lay limp and submissive in defeat.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The image being created was far more fitting and symbolic than any the Supreme Commander had seen before - not only for Lisa, but for all womankind. The Supreme Commander had arranged for a video to be made of Lisa's performance and also for continuous photographs to be taken. If things turned out to be a success she had planned to go through what would be hundreds of pictures and select one for enlargement to hang in her office. But that task would no longer be necessary - this would be the scene she would choose.

  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She sat back in relaxed contentment as events began to unfold. She watched with special delight at seeing Lisa displaying excitement and exuberance that was equal to anything seen previously as the girl excitedly examined and played with Billy's sex organs as he lay spread-eagled on one of the large wooden tables and, after concluding by slapping his penis rapidly back and forth, sliced open his abdomen, reached inside again and again to pull out and cut away internal organs, pausing to look at some of the more interesting as they lay in her hand, until his body cavity was empty. It was hard for the Supreme Commander to believe that she was looking at the same shy and bashful girl that had sat nervously beside her in the car only a short while earlier.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander found herself becoming quite amused when she watched Lisa performing the task of collecting Billy's semen. A look of intrigue being caused by anticipating discovering something totally new came over Lisa's face as she carefully laid Billy's limp penis over his scrotum, picked up a small, glass vial, held it under the flared head with one hand while reaching inside the pelvic cavity with the other. Her look changed to one of amassment when, upon squeezing Billy's prostrate and seminal vesicle, she saw a large stream of white liquid squirt out in such volume that it filled the vial over half full.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When Lisa capped the vial she held it up to the light to more closely examine its contents and appeared surprised in discovering the thick consistency. The Supreme Commander suspected, however, that Lisa's main thoughts were in finding it hard to contemplate that millions upon millions of tiny, unseen sperm were, at that very moment, wiggling furiously within the milky substance.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lisa put the vial in a metal container filled with liquid nitrogen, and then, with an eager desire to find out even more, squeezed the end of Billy's penis to force out a few remaining drops and lightly ran the tip of her index finger through a liquid that was totally unknown. She tentatively touched her tongue to the wetness but quickly withdrew - making a face in the process. "It takes a little getting use to, my dear." The Supreme Commander thought with a chuckle. "But, when you do, the taste becomes quite enjoyable."

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Lisa&#8217;s next act was to pick up a fine-toothed saw and use it to cut through Billy&#8217;s neck - a task in which she showed no qualms whatsoever. A strange, hypnotic, look came over her however, as she lifted his head, holding it by the hair, and gazed into the face. The Supreme Commander, having had the same experience, knew full well the strange feeling that came when holding up and looking at a severed human head whose open eyes not only gave the eerie appearance of still being alive, but one to which, only a short while before, she been talking. Lisa's mood quickly passed and, with a giggle, said, "I bet you would never have guessed that the terrified girl you and your gang almost raped would someday cut-off your damn head and hold it up by the hair, would you Billy? - To say nothing of cutting-up your entire body. And, speaking of this, I guess I'd better get started".

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Lisa placed the head in a shallow pan and wasted no time in proceeding to work with a quickness and efficiency that made it hard for the Supreme Commander to realize that the girl was doing it for the first time. It was only a short while later that Billy's body was nothing more than a skinned torso with upper thighs laying on the surface of a bloodstained table. The prominent objects still hanging between spread thighs, however, kept its identity remaining quite obvious.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander received an immense degree of pleasure and satisfaction when seeing Lisa, whose eyes were flashing with wild excitement, proceeded to cut-out Billy's sex organs and then looked at them with mesmerized fascination as they lay limp and docile in her small hand. The Supreme Commander&#8217;s greatest delight, however, came from watching what took place afterward. Lisa triumphantly dangled the penis and scrotum in front of the open eyes on the severed head. "Take a look Billy." She giggled. "I bet you would never have guessed that I was going to cut off your dick and nuts and dangle them in front of your face either, would you?" Then after a brief pause she continued. "Oh..! But you can't hear me.., can you? And even though your eyes are open you can't see anything either. You can't do any of these things when you&#8217;re dead. And you are indeed dead Billy, and I made you that way." She burst out laughing as she proceeded to drag the head of Billy's penis lightly over the contours of his face.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lisa's mood of merriment, however, faded at a sudden thought. She lifted the severed genitals, and, upon looking at them, a flash of anger came in her eyes. She again dangled them in front of Billy's face and shook then in a manner that made the limp shaft jiggle and swing back and forth. "There's one thing that's for sure, Billy." She said in a tone filled with scorn. "Your damn dick will never again rape another woman."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;With this remark, she held Billy's head firm and stuffed both his penis and scrotum inside the partially open mouth to the extent that the testicles forced both cheeks to bulge outward - a result which, from the look of defiant glee that came on Lisa's face, she found to be extremely satisfying. She then yanked out the severed sex organs and said, "No, Billy. I can't let you eat them. A woman is going to have the pleasure of doing that. And besides, they're going be a lot more delicious after they've been cooked." With this remark, Lisa's anger faded, and she again burst out laughing. She held up the dangling sex organs and, after a final look, tossed them almost casually in the shallow pan containing his head. It was not long afterward that Billy&#8217;s skinned torso lay in two shining halves with Lisa standing back to admire her handiwork &#8211; her face glowing with a look of immense excitement, satisfaction, and pride.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &#8216;Harvesting&#8217; Billy, however, did not bring an end to Lisa&#8217;s duties. Like all participants, she was required to assist with other task necessary to keep the processing facility in operation. With the exception of a small permanent staff to keep things organized and security personnel for controlling the men while alive, members of the general public did the remainder of the work. It was only from this source that a sufficient force could be mustered to enable accomplishing an undertaking of such mammoth proportions &#8211; not only in this facility &#8211; but in hundreds of others throughout the world.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lisa was paired with the same girl that had been her companion at the start and who continued to bubble with excitement and enthusiasm - as now - did Lisa also. It was the policy for those finishing "harvesting" their male to first be assigned some of the more mundane tasks. This, however, did not dampen either of the girl's spirits, and they laughed and joked as they swept up bloodstained sawdust from around tables and then sprinkled on a fresh layer - cleaned the bloody surfaces of tables - pushed heavily laden wheeled bins filled with severed arms, legs, and internal organs packed in crushed ice - and helped in removing red stained canvases from the floor of the screened enclosure and putting down clean ones.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When Lisa and her companion's duties progressed to where they started being assigned some of the more enjoyable tasks, their heightened excitement increased even more. They laughed as they used their combined strength to lift down heavy carcasses from racks and struggled with the weight as they stacked them on a large four-wheeled hand cart, and, after becoming full, needing both of them to push it out to the loading area. Next, they lowered lifeless and bleeding bodies onto the freshly cleaned surfaces of tables and, while placing the victims on their backs in spread-eagled positions, found themselves unable to resist the temptation of reaching out and giving conveniently offered penises a playful flip. After this, they took part in dragging freshly slain bodies by the feet from the screened enclosure, tying an ankle of each to a hook on an overhead hoist, and giving yet more playful flips as the bodies were being raised.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The final task for the girls was for each to carry a pan containing a severed head and genitals. Upon reaching their destination, each lifted by the hair the head they had carried, gazed into the vacant-eyed expressions, and then laughingly tossed them into a wheeled bin that was already almost filled with others. They then picked up the sex organs by the pubic hair, examined them for a moment as they dangled limply before their eyes, and then casually tossed them on the growing pile of others. Before leaving, however, both paused to stare in amazement at the almost unbelievable close-up sight of a large mound comprised solely of severed human male sex organs, and the look of pride that came on their faces suggested both were receiving an added thrill in knowing that somewhere within the tangled mass lay those which they had personally taken.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When Lisa and her companion left the floor at the completion of their duties the Supreme Commander, feeling a continued sense of elation, got up to go below. She wanted to be sure of being present to greet and congratulate Lisa as soon as the girl finished taking a shower and changing clothes.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A short while later, Lisa, her face beaming with excitement, entered the room where the Supreme Commander was waiting and rushed forward and flung her arms around the Supreme Commander's neck. "Thank you..! Thank you..! That was fantastic.." Lisa then stepped back and looked confusingly at the Supreme Commander. "But how..? How on earth did you find Billy..! I mean.., that was years ago, and the only thing I told you about him was his first name."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander chuckled. "It was really quite simple Lisa, and you told me more than you realized. You mentioned that while you and Tom were talking he told you he was going to file a report on what happened upon returning to base. I had a search made of the records from his unit, and it turned out that he did exactly what he said. There was no record of any action being taken which strongly indicates that his superiors evidently considered soldiers attacking and raping young women to be of little concern. But, in the ways of the military, once something has been put in a file - it remains.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Tom's report identified of all the soldiers involved, and a further search of the records revealed that three of them had later died in battle but that Billy and two others had survived. After learning this, it was only a matter of locating the compound where Billy was being held and having him brought here."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I can't believe you did all of that just for me." Lisa said as her eyes flooded with tears. "My dear child." The Supreme Commander said. "It's the least I could do for someone as special as you. And, even if this were not the case, after hearing what he had done I would have had him sought out to answer for his deeds by being harvested as soon as possible. Maybe the military didn't look upon raping young women being worthy of concern, but we sure as hell do."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Justice had to be served, and what more fitting way could it be obtained than for it to be brought forth by your hand. I can't begin to tell how proud I am of you, Lisa - not only for the courage you showed today, but for the remarkably character that you displayed in your actions. I've said it before, but I'll say it again - you are truly a remarkable young lady."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lisa blushed for a moment, but then her eyes once again began to flash with excitement. "I still can't believe it..! Did you see how arrogant and boastful Billy was at first? He though that the only reason he was being brought out was because we wanted to look at his dick and nuts." She then laughed. "But boy oh boy! Did that ever change when he saw the bow and arrow and realized I was going to use it. Did you see how he started trembling and shaking? He even begged for mercy! Can you believe it? Begging for mercy after what he had done?"

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Yes, I saw it all, Lisa." The Supreme Commander said. "I also saw quite a change taking place in you."&nbsp; "Boy..! Did it ever..!" Lisa exclaimed. "And it happened so sudden. At first, I was just angry from thinking about what he had tried to do to me. But then, the anger got a lot worse when I realized that there were surely other women that hadn't been as fortunate as me &#8211; other women that had not only been raped but probably beaten and killed also. This made me start feeling like he didn't deserve to live and, since I was supposed to kill him anyway, I decided that I might as well be the one to do it."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;This was the only thing I was thinking about up to the moment that I raised the bow and arrow. But then.., something happened inside me. I looked at him and saw the look of panic that had come on his face and how he had started trembling. At first.., I was just glad because I felt he deserved to be afraid like this, but then.., it struck me that it was me that was causing his fear, and it made a thrill go through me. I looked at him closer, enjoying every bit of it, and then, all of a sudden, I realized that he wasn't going to be afraid much longer. He was going to be dead." &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lisa's face took on a faraway, look. "The strangest feeling came over me. Not only was I going to see Billy quit being alive, but I was going to be the one to cause it by doing nothing more than letting my fingers slip off the bowstring. And then.., just like that.., he would be dead and fall to the floor. He would never again be boastful, or arrogant, or dangerous, or anything else and, not only was I going to cause it, I was going to see it happen. In an instant.., not only would all that was bad and evil in him come to and end.., but everything he had ever been.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The distant look faded in Lisa's face, and the excitement returned. "And then.., I released the arrow, and.., and.., swish.., Billy was dead, and I was the one did it..! Me..! I had killed him..! Did you see that funny looking expression that came on his face like he couldn't believe that it had really happened..? And how he just stood there for a moment and then toppled backward..? My God..! I don't think I could ever describe the feeling that came over me and how excited I got - especially when he began to jerk, and his dick started flopping all over the place and his nuts jouncing around in a way I couldn't believe."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I couldn't take eyes away from them, and this got me even more excited. I kept on looking at them when he was being drug off by the feet, and then how they dangled upside-down when he was hanging from the hoist by one leg. And then, after he had been put on the table, I looked at his dick lying sideways and his nuts hanging down between his legs, and the excitement got so bad that I could hardly stand it. I knew that thousands of women were watching, but, for some reason, it didn't seem to matter anymore. All I could think of was wanting to touch them and find out everything about them that I could &#8211; just like that time with the dead soldier only, this time, I was a lot more excited."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"It got a lot worse when I started playing with his dick and making it do anything I wanted. I think I could have played with it all day, but I remembered what you said, you know, about the only reason for me killing him was to cut-up his body for food. As you know, I had never done this to a man&#8217;s body before, and this made me begin to wonder what it would feel like doing it to him. And then, when I actually started - my God..! The excitement..! But it was real weird too..! I mean..., the way he just lay there when I sliced him open and pulled out all of his insides. And then.., when I cut off his head and held it up! Boy, did that ever make me feel strange to realize it had been talking to me only a short while before. And when I cut-off his dick and nuts and looked at them laying in my hand and then dangling them in front of me and his face! Talk about being excited! Did you see the way his cheeks bulged when I stuffed them in his mouth? That was something that just came to me, but I&#8217;m glad it did since it was both very funny and satisfying to look at. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"And it was also real weird to look at him when all that was left were two skinned halves of meat that sparkled in the light and didn't really look all that much like even having been a human male. But.., when looking close.., you could still tell and knowing that it was me that had done all this to him made me feel real proud inside. It's something I'll never forget as long as I live."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander put her arms around the girl and gave her a hug. "I know exactly how you were feeling, Lisa - it was what I was hoping for. I'm very happy it turned out this way, and believe me, you deserved every bit of it."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They sat silent for a short while as the Supreme Commander let Lisa, her face continued to sparkle with exhilaration, reflect and enjoy the moment. "I still can't believe it. I just can't believe it really happened." Lisa said as her mind replayed events that had occurred. Then, after a thoughtful look as though coming to some type of conclusion, she smiled at the Supreme Commander. "You know? Almost everything that I did to Billy made me feel real strange, but I think this just added to the excitement. But that wasn't the only thing that made me feel strange - or at least strange in a different way."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"It was after I finished with Billy and started doing some of the other things. I was sweeping the floor close to the table that he had been on, and I noticed all the skinned halves of men's bodies hanging in rows behind it. Up to this point, I had been so involved with Billy that I hadn't really paid very much attention to anything else until then. And even then, at first, it was mainly being thrilled at knowing that what was left of him was hanging up there with them. But, when I looked, I couldn't even tell which of them was his."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"It struck me all of a sudden that only a short while ago he had been alive, and I had been talking to him, and now he was only two large pieces of skinned meat that I couldn't even identify because they were hanging with a lot of others that looked the same. This made me start to look at them closer, and I realize that, like him, they had all, only a short while ago, been men that had still been alive. And they were so many. I mean.., row after row that went all the way around the floor. I couldn't even begin to guess at how many except that it had to be in the hundreds."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"This got me to thinking. I was looking at what had been hundreds of men that had probably gone to bed last night without having a care in the world who had talked with others and maybe even laughed and told jokes. And then they got up this morning having no reason to suspect that today would be different from any other. And now, like Billy, they were dead and nothing but glistening pieces of skinned meat hanging side by side that looked so much alike that you couldn't tell them apart. And, like I had noticed with Billy earlier, at a quick glance someone might not have even realized what the pieces of meat had been, but when looking close, you could still tell."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"This made me feel real strange in a way that, like I said, was different somehow. I guess part of it was just the sheer magnitude of all those rows. But do you know what? Looking at them hanging there like that, and the strange feeling it caused made me get even that much more excited. And there was also something else I was feeling. I was glad they were dead. Not glad like I was about Billy of course, but still, I was glad. And I don't even know why. I mean.., I didn't know anything about them except that they had all been men."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lisa's eyes begun to flash with a renewed excitement, and her face had took on a faraway look as she found herself reliving the experience. "There were other things that made me feel real strange and excited also." She said in continuing. "I mean, from just walking around and seeing table after table with a naked dead man laying on each one that was being cut-up just like I had done with Billy, but, at the same time, in such an organized manner that it looked like doing this was something that was just routine. And later, when Doris and I were stacking some of the pieces of meat on a cart, it got me thinking again about them having been men that had been alive only a short while ago. And did you see that big bin filled with nothing but men's heads with their eyes still open and looking like they were awake? And what about all those dicks and nuts laying there all tangled together in that huge pile? My God..! The size of it..! I just couldn't believe my eyes..! Talk about feeling weird..! But.., it sure was exciting also. I don't think I saw anything out there that topped that."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander smiled. "I know exactly what you mean Lisa. I had the same reaction, and I'm quite sure it was the same for not only the other participants, but for the women in the audience. None of us can see something of that nature in such monumental proportions and not feel weird. We wouldn't be human if it was otherwise. And the fact that every single one of these bodies was that of a man that had been stripped naked before us caused us also to feel extreme excitement. I mean, after all, we&#8217;re women, aren't we? And this is especially true when we have so many reasons for added incentive. And, of these, there is one incentive in particular that is especially strong. We have all had friends or loved ones that suffered a fate such as Sally."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I'm sure you weren't thinking of Sally or the countless others like her at the time, but it was dwelling in your subconscious. And, your subconscious was also aware that all of their suffering, all of their pain, all of their terror, all of their deaths, had come from the hands of males. And your subconscious was also aware that, out of such a large number, you were surely looking at the remains of some that had been guilty of committing such atrocities. And, even for the ones that had not done so, they had still been male - and this was all that mattered. And now, at the hands of women and before the eyes of women, they had been held accountable and had paid the price. And you wonder that you found yourself feeling glad?"

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A short period of silence followed and then the Supreme Commander said, "Lisa, before we leave, you have several decisions to make." Lisa looked up with a questionable expression as the Supreme Commander continued. "To start with, you need to decide in what manner you want Billy's penis to be mounted." Lisa's eyes opened wide. "Mounted? My God..! I forgot all about that..! And his head too..? And I'm going to get them so I can hang them on my wall and look at them anytime I want..? This is absolutely fantastic!"

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Yes Lisa, it is indeed fantastic. And, to make it as fantastic as possible, we let each woman that has "harvested" a male to choose how she wants the penis mounted. It's up to you whether you want it limp, erect, or somewhere in between." "Gosh! I.., I don't know." Lisa said with her face shining with enthusiasm. "It's so sudden and exciting that I just can't think straight." She paused a moment and then said, "When I was playing with his dick, I found myself wondering what it would look like if it was stiff and how big it would be. And, well.., er.., I guess I still wondering the same thing."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I thought that might be the case." The Supreme Commander said. Mounting them erect has, by far, been the most popular. And, I think you will find it will provide an added pleasure that you might not have realized. You spoke of the arrogance in which Billy regarded this part of his body. Well, Billy wasn't alone by any means in this respect. Throughout the ages, men possessed this
arrogance and looked with pride upon their penis - especially, the ability for it to become rigid which, in their view, was undeniable proof of being dominant over women."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"As women, we resent this arrogance and gain immense satisfaction at any opportunity to subject it to ridicule and reveal this supposedly symbol of dominance as the myth it truly is. And for you Lisa, as far as Billy is concerned, his actions have given you even more incentive to possess this desire. There can be no doubt that a woman having the penis of a man whose life was taken by her hand being mounted erect on a plaque to hang on a wall in her home subjects it to the height of ridicule."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"It is only in this state that its innermost secret is fully revealed. It enables us to look upon it at leisure, study every detail, and then smile sweetly at the face above and say - "I know it all you bastard. I know every damn thing about you that there is." Then, we start to laugh. And, believe me Lisa, we do laugh. In spite of the excitement that looking at a penis causes us to feel, we often find it to be quite amusing - especially when it is in a manner that is of our choosing as you have so recently found out and (The Supreme Commander paused to glance at the ceiling through which came the sounds of feminine merriment and laughter.) can hear."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Certainly, mounting a man&#8217;s sex organs on a plaque is a degrading ridicule of both him and that part of his body &#8211; regardless of what manner the penis might be in. But, to carry the ridicule to the fullest, I can think of nothing that accomplishes this in a greater extent than it being mounted erect and&#8217; in so doing, being humiliated to the fullest extent possible."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lisa's eyes flashed with pleasure, and she smiled at the thought of doing something that not only would be exciting to look at but, at the same time, would be highly degrading and showing the ultimate of disrespect toward Billy. She didn't say anything, but there was little doubt as to what her had decision had been.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Well, I guess that's taken care of." The Supreme Commander said. "Now, for the second decision you need to make. Another policy that has been established is to give a woman the option of using a ration coupon for sex organs to obtain those of the male she has "harvested". I might add that this option has proven to be quite popular. Women have found that it provides a great deal of added excitement and satisfaction to cook and eat the penis and testicles of a male they have personally slain. You have this option for Billy's if it appeals to you."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lisa was thoughtful for a moment and then shook her head. "No. I don't think so. I can see how it would be real exciting if it was a man I didn't know. But not Billy's. Not with Tom's already being a part of me. It just wouldn't seem right."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Lisa," the Supreme Commander said. "Your decision to eat Tom's sex organs and make them a part of you was based on an act of love. But, in another manner, such an act can also be looked upon as a woman achieving the most ultimate of all conquest over that which, more than any other, identifies a male for what he is. Can you think of any other way of attaining a greater victory over that for which Billy held such arrogant pride? The only difference between it being an act of love or an act of defiance is your motive and how you look upon it afterward."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lisa thought this over but again shook her head. "No. If I ate Billy's dick and nuts they would become a part of me no different than Tom's, and, regardless of the reason, it would seem like I would almost be making Billy an equal. If I hadn't already eaten Tom's it might be different, but not now."  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander nodded in understanding and didn't pursue the matter further. Lisa shook her head in a wistful manner. "I sure would like to be watching when Billy's dick and nuts are being cooked and eaten by some other woman though." The Supreme Commander shook her head and laughed. "Lisa, you're certainly a far cry from the shy and bashful girl I drove over here just a few hours ago. I must say though, this particular change is extremely refreshing to see."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Hay..! I just thought of something..!" Lisa said suddenly as though not hearing. "I don't really have a ration coupon that I could use anyway. The book I was sent has only one for a dick and nuts, and I never turned it in for having already eaten Tom's."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"That's not necessary, Lisa." The Supreme Commander said. "I used my coupon for Tom's and gave them to you as a gift." Lisa was caught by surprise. "You have to use coupons too?"&nbsp; "Yes Lisa, I have to use coupons too. Being Supreme Commander doesn't give me any privileges in this regard. Everyone is treated the same no matter what position they might hold. I receive the same allotment as everyone else."&nbsp; "That means you don't have a coupon left for a dick and nuts then. Because of me you want have any for yourself until more books are sent out. That's not fair."&nbsp; "Believe me Lisa, being able to do this for you has brought me far more pleasure than I could ever receive from enjoying a meal - regardless of how delicious t might be.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Hey..! I know..!" Shouted Lisa. "I'll use my coupon to get Billy's dick and nuts and give them to you." She hesitated a moment and then continued. Er.., would it be OK if I could be there.. I sure would like to look at what happens to them when they're being cooked and then watch them being eaten - especially if it's being done by you. I mean, that would be fantastic!" The Supreme Commander looked at the pleading expression on Lisa's face and smiled. "If that's what you really want, Lisa. And of course you may watch. Any added satisfaction this might bring you is no more than deserve. I wouldn't want it to be any other way."&nbsp; "That's great..! That's just great..!" Lisa cried with such enthusiasm that it left little doubt of her sincerity.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander reached out, clasped Lisa's hands in her own, and looked earnestly in the girl's face. "Lisa." She said. "I had a daughter that was killed at the start of the war. She was only a small child, and, although it took a long time, I finally managed to be able to live with that loss. If she had lived she would be just about your age, and I would, of course, love her dearly. But, I don't think that love could be any stronger than what I have come to feel toward you. Lisa, with all my heart, I am asking you to come live with me and become my adopted daughter."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lisa's eyes opened wide, and her mouth dropped open in stunned surprise. "Please Lisa, let me finish before you say anything." The Supreme Commander went on quickly. "I'm not asking this in an attempt to find someone to take the place of my long lost daughter. I&#8217;m asking you as someone for which I have come to feel a strong love and with whom I would like to share my life by becoming my daughter in her own right. And, in this regard, I would never presume to try and take the place of your mother - only as someone you might someday find yourself being able to love in the way of a mother. The decision, of course, is up to you, and I'm sure that you will want time to think."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lisa's eyes flooded with tears. "I don't need time to think," she said with her voice chocking with emotion. "You are the most kind and wonderful person I have ever known. How could I not help but love you as a mother after everything you have done for me. I don't have to wait for "someday". "Someday" is already here."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander grasped Lisa in an emotional embrace which was returned with equal warmth. After separating, they sat for a while with moist eyes and smiled shyly at each other. The Supreme Commander was the first to speak. "We'll stop by your place on the way home so you can pick up a few things. But, until then, we have the rest of today to do whatever our hearts desire. I'll leave it entirely up to you, but, if I may, I'd like to offer a suggestion of what to do first. In addition to Billy, I've had the two surviving members of his gang brought here also. They're going to be "harvested" shortly, and, if you like, we can go up to watch."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lisa's eyes flashed with excitement. "Boy..! Do I ever..!" She cried eagerly. "I was going to ask if we could stay for a little while anyway, but this will make it sensational." She then hesitated a moment - blushing profusely. Could, er.., could maybe we go to one of the compounds after that? When I was playing with Billy's dick and nuts I started feeling real tingly down there, and, well.., it kept getting a lot worse until it started feeling like it was almost on fire, and.., er.., it still does. And.., well.., er.., I know I'm going to be real nervous, but I think I'm ready, er.., you know.., er.., to not to be a virgin anymore."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander could not contain breaking out with laughter. "Lisa, my precious, precious child." She said through tears of mirth. "You are absolutely marvelous. No wonder you've captured my heart. Yes my dear - we most certainly can go to one of the compounds. And don't worry about being nervous. Not only will he be securely tied to a bed, but he'll be blindfolded and gagged. He'll be totally helpless to do anything but just lay there. Then she added with a laugh. Except for one particular area where we want a response of course." Lisa giggled bashfully as she joined in the merriment.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I'll call ahead and arrange for him to be someone your own age so you'll feel more comfortable," the Supreme Commander said, "and I'll make sure you get one that has a nice physique and is well hung."&nbsp; "Well hung?" Lisa asked. "That means he'll have a big dick." The Supreme Commander said chuckling." "Oh." Lisa said with her cheeks turning pink. The Supreme Commander laughed and continued. "Another advantage of choosing one your age is that males this young are in their sexual prime and don't require a great deal of time to be ready for another go. I'm quite sure from the way you described how you're feeling that just one or two times will hardly be enough. Unless I'm sadly mistaken, before you get through, you're going to have one organism after another that will keep building in intensity until reaching one that will make you feel like the top of your head is coming off."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lisa's pink cheeks flushed darker, and the Supreme Commander chuckled. "You'll be a little nervous at first - that's only normal. But I assure you that it'll quickly go away as soon as you look at him lying naked in front of you and then start playing with his dick and nuts. You'll find it to be a totally different experience when they're alive rather that dead, and, I might add, a lot more exciting - especially when the dick becomes erect. Why, when a dick is rigid, you can touch it in ways that will make it twitch and jerk in such a manner that it will look like it&#8217;s dancing for you."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She paused a moment as Lisa broke out giggling. "And, I think you'll find it highly exciting and quite amusing to discover how remarkably sensitive to pain these supposed symbols of male dominance prove to be. Just squeezing his nuts only slightly will make him squirm and moan, and you can get the same result by twisting his dick. And, if you do either one with any degree of force, you'll make him buck and cry out in a way that leaves no doubt of experiencing pain."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"And Lisa, if you think slapping a limp dick is fun, just wait until you slap one that's hard. It bounces back and forth real fast a few times, but then comes back to attention sticking straight up and waiting for more. This causes pain also, and, if you do it real hard and fast without waiting for it to stop bouncing, he'll start thrashing about all over the place. Take my word for it, in addition to being something extremely exciting to do it's also funny as hell to watch."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander again had to wait a few moments to allow Lisa time to stop giggling. "Don't be surprised if before you finish playing with his dick you find yourself having an urge to put it in your mouth. Such a desire is quite normal for women when we get sexually aroused so, if this occurs, please don't hesitate. I think you'll find that doing this will serve as an exciting prelude before commencing with the real reason for why you came."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"But, I.., I don't even know how to do it." Lisa said blushing. "Do I sit down on him or what?" The Supreme Commander laughed. "There are a number of positions, Lisa." She said. "But the most common is to simply lay on him with your legs open and then reach down and guide him inside. Don't worry. When the time comes, your body will know what to do."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander paused for a moment and smiled mischievously. "Do you know what? All of this talking has caused me to start feeling a little bit tingly down there myself. And, I strongly suspect that when we go upstairs and watch more naked men being "harvested" that it's going to get a lot worse. When I call the compound I think I'll tell them to have one ready for me also. It's been so long since I've played with a hard dick and felt one inside of me that I almost feel like I've become a virgin all over again. Well, I think it's high time that particular part of my life comes to an end."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lisa laughed and then her face lit up. "Hay..! I know..!" She shouted. "We can do it together!"&nbsp; "Together?" Uttered the Supreme Commander in surprise. "You mean both of us in the same room?"&nbsp; "Sure!" Lisa replied enthusiastically. "But not just being in the same room - I mean using the same male. It'll be great. You can show me how to get his dick hard and the different ways to play with it - especially how to make it dance. And, when we get through playing with him, you can get on first and show me how it's done."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Lisa! Please!" The Supreme Commander said with her face flushing pink. (A reaction that Lisa had not seen in any of their conversations prior to this.) "That's simply out of the question. I mean, engaging in sex with men is a private thing that women simply don't do together - and especially not a mother and daughter." "Why? Lisa asked. "We're certainly not stripping them naked and killing them in private are we? And, after they're dead, we're not playing with their dicks and nuts in private or cutting-up their bodies in private either. What's so different about this that it should be done in private? And why should it be wrong for a mother and daughter to do it together? Mothers and daughters are suppose to do fun things together - aren't they? Especially if it's something special? And, to me, having you there to share this experience with me the first time would be very special."
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It's difficult to explain, Lisa, but, believe me, there is a difference. And besides, that would mean me having sex with a young man in his early twenties. Why, I'd be almost twice his age!" "What difference does it make how old he is?" Lisa asked. "Tom was only a little older than me, and you played with his dick and nuts didn't you? I know for a fact that during the war it didn't make any difference to men how young women were. Why should it make any difference to us how young they are? I mean, a young man&#8217;s dick feels the same as one that's older doesn't it?"

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Lisa." The Supreme Commander said. "I'm sorry. It's something I can't really explain. It would be different if you were aware of how things use to be, but you've got to realize that I was raised in a time where women having sex jointly with the same man simply was something that was not done - at least not in acceptable company. And, for a mother and daughter to do such a thing together would have been unthinkable."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lisa, however, would not be deterred. "Just because of the way things were in the past doesn't mean they&#8217;re always right does it? Isn't that what you've told me? And haven't you also told me that I could change how this made me feel inside about things if I would just accept it being possible and give it a try? And.., and now.., haven't I managed to do exactly this and show that you were right? Why should it be different for you? Times have changed a lot from the way things were in the past. Please! You said that for the rest of the day we would do anything that I wanted. Well, I want to do this more than anything. Please, please say yes."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Lisa, I.., I.." The Supreme Commander said, but she could not get beyond the pleading look on Lisa's face. "Oh what the hell!" She said with exasperation. "I'll be embarrassed to no end, but, if it'll make you happy.." "Oh.., it will..! It will..!" Lisa cried throwing her arms around the Supreme Commander's neck. "This is going to be simply fantastic!"

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander suddenly burst out laughing. "My God!" She said. "Can you believe it? I&#8217;m going to get a beautiful young woman for a daughter, and the first thing I do is start giving her instructions on how to go about loosing her virginity. And now, not only am I going to join her in playing with the very dick that's going to do it, but I'm actually going to share it with her! Mother and daughter sharing the same dick! I mean, it's unbelievable! Never.., never in my wildness imagination would I have dreamed I'd ever be doing anything like this"

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Supreme Commander paused a moment and shook her head as the impact sunk in. "I'm actually going to fuck a young man half my age while my daughter to be watches to see how it's done! And then, when I get through, I'm going to stand back and offer instructions and encouragement as she gets on him and loses her cherry. And, to make it even more unbelievable, I think I&#8217;m even beginning to like the idea. In fact, I'm starting to get horny as hell!"

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Horny? Fuck? Loose my cherry?" Lisa questioned in bewilderment. "My dear child," said the Supreme Commander giving her a warm hug. "My precious, innocent child. You're right. Oh.., you're so right. Things have certainly changed. Boy..! Have they changed. Well, if we're going to do it, we might as well do it right." As hot as I'm beginning to feel I can tell you right now that one or two times will hardly be enough for me either. A young man your age might be able to take care of one of us - but certainly not both. That should be simple enough to solve though. We'll just have him swapped for another when he can't keep it up any longer. Well, my dear daughter, it looks like we're going to be sharing not one, but two dicks today. And who knows, it might even more that that. But first, let's go upstairs to watch some more naked men being "harvested" - especially those two goons from Billy's gang. Let's see just how hot we can make our damn pussies get."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;With this, the Supreme Commander and Lisa left the room with arms around each other and both laughing merrily.









THE FUTURE
By C

PART II
CHAPTER 32
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The events that unfolded following implementation of the desperate course of action undertaken to avoid worldwide starvation and barbaric annihilation of the human species proved, without a doubt, to be totally unlike anything that had ever transpired. The impact resulted in changing the course of history in a way so profound that it would have been totally beyond the ability for anyone of the past to have even begun to contemplate.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The public "harvestings" in temporary facilities continued unabated during the months that followed and played an important part in setting the stage, but the major cause that would lead to this profound change came when large processing facilities started being placed in operation. When this occurred, the members of the female population found themselves so inundated at watching men being slain and butchered for food in such massive numbers that women did indeed come to look upon the practice as being an everyday and commonplace occurrence - an outlook that was only solidified as more and more facilities came on line.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Becoming commonplace, however, did nothing to dampen the excitement and enthusiasm that had been generated from the very start. If anything, the drama of observing up to a hundred naked members of the opposite sex being machine-gunned in-mass, watching gleefully as the lifeless bodies tumbled helter-skelter down a steep embankment before coming to rest in a tangled heap at the bottom, laying sprawled in almost every degrading position imaginable - looking through windows into large processing rooms and being greeted by the sight of human bodies, bodies that were obviously male due to that which most vividly identified them as such remaining until the very last, hanging upside-down from moving conveyers and being butchered in an industrial, assembly-line atmosphere - and, when going to another area, observing yet more naked human bodies, numbering in the thousands and also obviously male, that had been disemboweled and hanging by their feet in mammoth cold storage rooms only served to increase women's fascination and excitement. They flocked to the facilities with wild abandon at every opportunity.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Taking trips to processing facilities, however, was by no means the only manner by which women found themselves being inundated by sights of the massive drama taking place about them. Television provided extensive coverage showing edited segments of every type of activity in which close-up views, slow motion, and stop-action with shots between the legs received a high priority were used to enhance the pleasure, excitement, and amusement of the viewers while also bringing forth feelings of immense feminine pride.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Another feature that played an important role were framed photographs of such content in ever increasing number being displayed in public places, work locations, and in homes. The Supreme Commander's prediction that pictures taken inside of enormous cold storage rooms, filled to capacity, would become some of the more impressive and popular proved to be correct. In her trying to visualize the effect that gazing upon such a scene would create, it took little forethought on her part to reach this conclusion. But now, women were seeing it in actually which proved to be far more impressive than any of the visual images the Supreme Commander may have had. How could it have been otherwise in vivid pictures showing thousands of gutted human male carcasses, with open unseeing eyes, hanging by their feet in row after row of such lengths that they became smaller and smaller until fading into obscurity? How could such indeed have failed to be so highly impressive that it staggered the imagination &#8211; especially for women when also observing thousands of frost covered penises and scrotums dangling upside-down in patches of pubic hair that also became smaller and smaller until fading into obscurity? Of even more importance, however, were impressions being deeply ingrained that human male carcasses being hung in rooms such as this not only made it readily apparent of being done to store meat, but made it obvious, beyond all doubt, that going to such mammoth extreme clearly showed there being a desperate need of extremely critical importance and, in so doing, serve to make open acceptance that much greater.&nbsp; 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;There was also something else being displayed in homes that had one of the most profound effects of all in causing the female population coming to regard the life of members of the opposite sex in a totally different manner than their own and, thereby, further enhance open acceptance. By the time large processing facilities started coming on-line, every single able-bodied woman, throughout the world, had been given a plaque containing the mounted head and sex organs of a male she had "harvested" with her own hand. Many hours were spent gazing, with immense pride, at trophies totally unlike any that had ever existed in the past and, in so doing, resulted in the owners once again reliving the exhilarating excitement of achieving a triumphant victory for which there was such vivid and undeniable proof. It was not at all unusual for these occasions to end with moans and outcries that accompanied the reaching of intense sexual climax brought forth by hands massaging wet and swolen vulvas.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The primary motive that lay behind going to such extremes was to indeed create open acceptance by the female population for all that was being done &#8211; a crucial goal the Supreme Commander had gone to great lengths to describe on that eventful day of the Summit. This crucial goal was achieved with remarkable success going beyond anything thought to be possible. Women, the world over, were indeed able to sit down to their tables without experiencing any feelings whatsoever of guilt or remorse over the fact that human males were being slain daily, in massive number, for the sole purpose of providing the meat that lay before them. In fact, the exact opposite proved to be true. Being acutely aware of the dramatic manner in which it was being made available created pleasure and excitement greatly exceeding any such emotions they may have felt during the war. It became of such extent that eating a meat that, during that horrific time, they had been consuming for years became an entirely different experience - an experience made even more pleasing and exciting by having fully furnished kitchens instead of cooking over an open fire which, in so doing, allowed grater versatility in finding ways to prepare and enhance the delicious flavor of a meat whose quality was unmatched &#8211; especially that whose quality was, by far, the most unmatched of all.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Enjoying exciting and delicious meals, however, was not the only way that the male body was being used to bring pleasure and excitement. It was seldom indeed that a woman found herself passing up an opportunity of going to a nearby compound to take advantage of facilities being provided to enable sexual desires to be fulfilled and satisfied in an exhilarating manner that could be found in any other manner - sexual desires that were openly accepted and pursued to an extent that had never been known to female populations in the past. Very few women, however, had any awareness that, in so doing, they were themselves providing the one physical pleasure to males that was, by far, the most desired by them and, in so doing, would play a vital role in keeping men from becoming discontent at continuing to be held in captivity. The preventing of becoming discontent was also being greatly aided by the fact that the ground meat they were being fed was extremely delicious. The remark women of past times had often laughingly made that men only thought with their dicks and stomachs proved to be far more noteworthy than merely being an amusing saying.&nbsp; 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The promiscuous policy being used to keep the male population from objecting at not being set free, along with delicious meals being provided, proved to be an outstanding success but, of equal importance, was the need to keep them from realizing that their ranks were being dramatically reduced. The latter was accomplished by continually transferring groups from one compound to another. Being taken to new locations became so commonplace that there was no reason to suspect that some of the busloads were headed for destinations far different - destinations from which there would be no return.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The constant reshuffling made it possible to vacate and close an ever increasing number of compounds while keeping those that remained occupied at full capacity. The male captives found themselves having no reason to suspect that their numbers were dwindling daily at an almost unbelievable rate, and that it would be only be a matter of time before each and every one would become a part of this growing statistic. Such was the manner in which an unwitting male population meekly allowed itself to be systematically annihilated.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Remarkable success, however, was not achieved in all endeavors. There were also failures, and the one that was the most difficult to accept was the attempt to find a cause for the violent nature that had existed among the ranks of human males since the beginning of time. A massive effort was put forth in this regard which resulted in breakthroughs being made in unraveling many mysteries of genetic science. The knowledge would lead to putting an end to birth defects, major illnesses, and countless other benefits but, at the time, it only served to determine that whatever might lay behind the cause for senseless male violence, it was not the result of a genetic flaw or imbalance. The baffling mystery remained unsolved, and the bright hope of finding a way that would lead to a world forevermore living in peace faded into again being nothing more than a wishful dream.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Another area where failure occurred was in the effort to increase food production. Widespread droughts continued to severely limit crop yields, and stubborn diseases in livestock lingered to hamper rebuilding decimated herds. In light of this setback, it proved to be of immeasurable value that the large processing facilities had been completed ahead of schedule which enabled the male population to be eliminated at a rate well ahead of what had originally been planed. This served not only to reduce the quantity that otherwise would have been needed to feed them if remaining alive, but enabled a larger number of bodies than had been anticipated to be frozen in cold storage and, in so doing,&nbsp; greatly increase the stockpiled quantity that would be needed to bridge the gap until self-sufficiency could eventually be achieved.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The demands being placed on the female population during this period were by no means easy. The task of rebuilding the widespread destruction that existed at the end of the war was enormous requiring long hours of physical and mentally draining work. The opportunity to get away from the strain for a short while by taking exhilarating yet relaxing trips to processing facilities resulted in being every bit as therapeutic in value as had been envisioned.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The exciting interludes, however, proved to afford valuable benefits that went beyond providing much needed reprieves from long hours of physical and mental toil. The witnessing of the devastating fate being dealt to those of their species that had the misfortune of being born with a penis served to make the female population identify with each other in a way that had never existed at any other time in history. The awareness of being a woman became very acute and brought forth feelings of fierce pride that resulted in the spirit of unity and comradeship which had bonded them together during the war, not only being solidified, but becoming even stronger.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The open acceptance of what was being done to their male counterparts was also aided, in no small part, by the fact that it was enabling the vast majority of women to experience what it was like to live in a world that was without fear. Sadly, this was not true for a small number. It had been found that remnants of military units in isolated locations, deserters, and small terrorist groups had not been taken captive at the end of the war. As a result, scattered acts of brutal rape and murder still occurred. But, it was from committing these vile deeds that led to the systematic capture of the perpetrators since, by so doing, they not only made their existence known, but also revealed the general location of hiding places where highly skilled strike forces would converge to search the countryside until discovery was made.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It goes without saying that there was a high degree of hostility toward the men captured in these searches. It was felt that they should be made to answer for their barbaric deeds in a manner that was more befitting than to simply be "harvested" as though being just another male. Their numbers were too small to make a noticeable contribution to the food supply, and it was decided that they could be better used to serve a more useful purpose by being dealt with in a manner that the female populous would not only find to be highly satisfying and exciting, but would also keep feelings of resentment toward males at a fever pitch.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The manner in which the war criminals had been made to pay for their evil ways had proven to be highly successful in this regard, and it was for this reason that women continued to find themselves being given the opportunity to enjoy the fascinating and exhilarating spectacle of witnessing despised members of the opposite sex, fleeing naked and in terror from charging lionesses, being struck down, ripped apart, and devoured with a savagery that was truly deserved.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The start of the third year saw the last of these isolated groups being hunted down, and their capture and executions put a final end to a fear that women had been forced to live with since the beginning of time. The deaths also put an end to the existence of fully mature males since, by this time, there were none left in compounds older than their upper teens. The young ages, however, made no difference to the fate that awaited them or the rapid pace at which it was being carried out. The "harvestings" continued unabated.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;An almost unimaginable stockpile consisting of over a billion frozen bodies had be amassed at this point, but, even though it greatly exceeded what had once been though possible, it was the only thing that stood between survival and starvation, and, with uncertainty still remaining as to when self-sufficiency could be reached, there were serious concerns, regardless of the frozen quantity, that it might not be sufficient. The only course of action that could be taken was to make the stockpile last as long as possible by reducing usage to the barest minimum needed to sustain life and hope for the best.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was in this manner that the day arrived that the last males being held were harvested and, in so doing, for all practical purpose, the human male became extinct. In a period of slightly less than three years, a population that had numbered over two billion had been annihilated. On the entire face of the earth the only males that remained were a scattered few living in rugged and remote areas in colonies that had cut themselves off completely from outside contact.&nbsp; These colonies had been established years earlier by women who had fled with their young children, both sons and daughters, in a desperate attempt to escape the war and had managed to defy the fate that befell the vast majority taking such action by learning how to survive in harsh wilderness conditions.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The rest of the world was not even aware that such colonies even existed, and, in any regard, males living in them were of such small size and number that the combined total would qualify as being more of a novelty rather than representing the existence of a species. Even though this was the case, however, these few surviving males had reached maturity as had the girls among their ranks. It was inevitable that romance had blossomed which was leading to their numbers starting to expand.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;These colonies had gone for years without having any way of knowing what was taking place in the outside world with only occasional glimpses of thin streams of contrails from high flying bombers telling them that the war continued. It was only when a few months passed in which no such sightings were made that speculation began to take place in wondering if maybe the war had finally ended. These groups were widespread and not even aware of even each others existence, but they almost all took the same action. They waited several more months, and, when the skies remained empty, decided to risk sending out scouts in hopes of finding out if it would be safe to return to civilization.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was only logical that these scouts were older women since not only were they the only ones knowledgeable in the ways of the outside world but also, if the war was still going on, any male that was not part of a military unit would be challenged on sight. It can only be imagined at the depth of the profound shock that these women received upon reaching populated areas and discovered the shocking activity that was taking place &#8211; a shocking activity that was being conducted with such openness that the magnitude was clearly apparent.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The "how" and "why" something so totally impossible could actually have come into existence was beyond all comprehension, but, impossible or not, the facts could not be denied which were reinforced by graphic photographs of every aspect of the activities taking place being in plentiful supply. It was only by returning with such undisputable evidence that the outrageous verbal accounts being given could have possibly been believed.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The stunned and bewildered women in the colonies found themselves realizing that any hope of returning to the outside world had come to an end. It appeared that it might be safe for themselves and their daughters to do this, but the same surely could not be said for anyone that was male. The primary reason they had fled years ago was to keep tyrannical governments from taking their sons, and they weren't about to allow them to now be slaughtered by a female population in a world that, in their viewpoint, had truly gone insane. They had no choice but to remain in hiding and strive to continue improving the primitive conditions under which they lived.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; In regard to the outside world, it was considered a strange coincidence by the members of what had become an all female population that the widespread droughts, which had plagued the world for years, came to an end within weeks of slaying the last of the males. The sudden turnaround was followed by ideal conditions in which crops, being fed a plentiful supply of bone-rich fertilizers, began to flourish with a bounty almost beyond belief. It was also during this same period that the health of stricken livestock herds began to rapidly improve which made it possible for their severely depleted ranks to finally begin to multiply.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The extent of the food crisis had been of such magnitude that it would still take considerable time to reach self-sufficiency, but the massive stockpile of frozen bodies hanging in countless cold storage facilities would be more that adequate to last until it became reality. In fact, the quantity was sufficient to enable strict restrictions on distribution to be greatly relaxed so that it was no longer necessary to eat only the minimum needed for survival.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;If the recovery had started a few months sooner, it would have been possible to spare at least some of the eighteen year old youths, but this realization was merely shrugged off as not being worthy of either concern or regret - such was the outlook of the value that a female population had come to place on the life of any member of the opposite sex - regardless of age.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It would be no understatement to say that the period of prosperity which followed was enjoyed to the fullest. Not only was there a plentiful supply of food, but most of the destruction left from the war had finally been rebuilt which put an end to the need of having to work long hours of fatiguing mental and physical toil. The most enjoyable feature of all, however, was in discovering what it was like to live in a world that was totally at peace. For the first time since the earliest beginnings of the human race, women found themselves going out at night by themselves without having any fear of the darkness.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;In spite of the extent of the enjoyment, however, the members of the all female population found themselves unable to keep from regretting that some things had come to an end. They missed the drama and excitement of going to "harvestings", and they missed no longer being able to satisfy what had become openly accepted sexual desires in a manner that only a living male body could provide. But, the thing that women found themselves regretting the most was in knowing that that, although there still remained a large quantity of stockpiled bodies upon which to dine, the day was coming in the not so distant future when it would be depleted and bring an end to eating a delicious meat of a quality that could not be found from any other source &#8211; to say nothing of savoring that which was, by far, the most delicious of all which, like the meat, had been enjoyed for so many years that it had almost become a way of life.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The start of the fourth year brought an end to the terms of office for the elected officials whose ranks had been comprised primarily of older women.&nbsp; Before and after the war, these women had struggled for years under a burden of immense pressure and, with the world now a safe place to live in which no major problems existed, most decided that it was time to step down and turn leadership over to members of the younger generation. The Supreme Commander also chose to take this action and retired to enjoy a life of relaxation with her adopted daughter &#8211; a life that a gracious public considered to be justly deserved.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;(The relaxation would not last for long, however. Both she and Lisa would soon take part in helping to bring forth a new female generation by becoming pregnant at almost the same time, and when each gave birth to a healthy baby girl, things got more hectic - but in a manner that brought extreme joy. Lisa had been successful in conceiving by using Tom's frozen semen which added a very special meaning to her becoming a mother. She had long ago lost having any reservations when looking at his mounted head and sex organs which, after the Supreme Commander&#8217;s retirement, were hung above the mantel of a large fireplace in their living room. Lisa found herself often pausing to gaze at his face - at least for a short while until her attention shifted to studying, with growing excitement, his strutted, fully erect penis and bulging scrotum mounted below. She still felt tenderness toward him, but there was no longer sadness. Not only had the noble cause for which he had been sacrificed overshadowed everything else, but after all, he had been male. Yes, such had become Lisa&#8217;s attitude as well.)

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When the new leaders were elected it had been anticipated that their primary duties would be to oversee the carrying out of policies that had already been established. But, with the impulsive nature that came with youth, such turned out not to be the case. These young women retained fond memories of the excitement, pride, and enjoyment that had caught them up with an extreme fervor from the dramatic manner in which they had witnessed the male population being annihilated - a male population who they not only had come to feel deep contempt and resentment, but one whose lives had come to be regarded as having no value worthy of any concern. This viewpoint was greatly strengthened by the fact that, with the absence of males, they were discovering the unmatched joy of living in a world totally at peace, a world without fear.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The young leaders had come to feel a strong kinship toward all womankind and, as a result, felt a passionate desire that those of future generations should know this same joy. It was for this reason that in talking among themselves they found a unified reluctance to accept being told that when it became necessary to once again bring males into the world, there would be no choice but to allow them to become part of society - an action which, in time, would surely lead to a return of violence, rape, and war.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They held a profound respect for their predecessors who had been the driving force that had not only brought an end to the war, but had then taken such bold and decisive action to solve the desperate food crisis that they had found themselves being confronted with. And yet, in spite of this deep respect, they found it somewhat mystifying that women who had demonstrated such profound wisdom, courage, and foresight had failed to see that holding males in captivity and slaying them to obtain food had revealed a way of how the world could indeed continue to live peace.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They considered the answer to be so obvious that it gave the appearance of even being what nature intended to the point of only needing an opportunity arising that would lead to it being recognized. In their viewpoint, the opportunity had indeed arisen when women, the world over, found themselves not only being forced to eat the flesh of males but, in so doing, not only finding it to be so extremely delicious that it far surpassed any other type of meat they had ever eaten, but would be done for such a long length of time that consuming the delicious flesh of males would become commonplace. But, of far more significance, after this had occurred and women brought an end to the war, they took the bold and decisive action to hold all males captive and, although not being the initial reason for taking such action, finding themselves being confronted with dire circumstances of a magnitude that left no choice but to continue holding males in captivity, and slay them in entirety to fulfill the same vital need that had existed before which, in so doing, resulted in the practice becoming even more commonplace.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Even though survival of the human race was the only motive for such drastic measures being taken, it was in this remarkable way that women found themselves taking a course of action that would lead to something which had never existed before - a world entirely at peace. If all of this had indeed been intended, then it seemed only logical that it was equally intended for this peace to continue.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was clear to them that there could be only one way that would indeed enable peace to continue. Males of future generations could not be allowed to interfere, and the only way this could be accomplished was for every single one to be held in captivity as had been so recently and effectively demonstrated. Being able to hold them captive while young would be a simple matter, but such would not be the case upon reaching maturity when their increased violent nature and physical strength would make them extremely dangerous and highly likely of revolt. But a solution for this had also been effectively demonstrated. If they were slain when reaching maturity and the need for their existence had been fulfilled, the threat would never occur.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;In their point of view, there was strong evidence to support that taking such action was indeed what nature intended. If it was meant for males to roam free, then why were they not created as were women and capable of living with one another in peace? If it was not meant for the flesh of males to be eaten, then why was it made of such unmatched quality while that of the female was not? And, if the flesh of males was intended to be eaten, it required them being slain for this purpose, and who else could it be other than women that would be the ones intended to eat this flesh, and therefore, the ones intended to do the slaying?

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It all came together with such remarkable clarity that it even gave the appearance of being some ingenious and carefully orchestrated plan. It was against the basic nature of women to slay any type of creature unless there was a legitimate reason. Now, however, they find themselves being provided with a legitimacy that not only gave every appearance of being intended, but one that had been the most valid since the beginning of time - slaying for the purpose of obtaining food.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;This line of reasoning clearly helped to strengthen the resolve of the new leaders, but, deep inside, they knew that it really didn't matter if they were being influenced by past occurrences revealing something intended by nature, or merely the result of a remarkable set of coincidences. They had been given the fantastic opportunity to experience the joy of living in a world totally at peace, and it had proven to be far too precious a commodity not to be pursued with every fiber that was within them. The fate that this would mean to males was not worthy of even being considered an issue. The extent to which the life of males was regarded as being unimportant had reached the point that those of the past or those of future generations were looked upon with the same indifference. Males had clearly shown themselves to be undeserving of concern and, therefore, their welfare did not matter. The welfare of women was the only thing that mattered.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Everything appeared to be so obvious that it was looked upon as being a mystery why the previous leaders had not seen this. The extensive scientific research that had been conducted in trying to find a curable genetic cause for senseless male violence clearly showed the depth of these women&#8217;s strong desire to find a way for lasting peace. But, when this effort failed, they seemed to give up hope when a much simpler and far more effective solution had been right in front of them the entire time. Maybe it was the simplicity that was the problem. The past leaders had been under almost unbearable pressure for many years in searching to find difficult solutions to what often seemed to be almost insurmountable problems, and maybe the stress had made them assume that a solution to something that had plagued the world since the beginning of mankind surely would have to be something extremely complex.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Well, whatever the reason might be for the past leaders failing to see the obvious and take action, the new leaders were determined that they would not do the same. It would require changing some of the policies that had been enacted, but they had the authority to initiate the procedure needed for having this accomplished. In this regard, there was one thing that was obvious. The action they were contemplating was surely not something to be passed into law and then put on a shelf to wait years before being implemented. This was something that needed to be implemented as soon as possible, but the existing plan called for first rebuilding the female population and to not even begin producing males until over two decades had passed.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The importance of placing a high priority on increasing the size of a greatly depleted female population could not be denied, but this did not mean that the rate could not be altered to allow producing at least enough males to enable the policy to be implemented at a sufficient magnitude to insure it being continued.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Insuring continuation was the main reason for desiring to take quick action, but it could not be denied that implementing the policy as soon as possible would also result in other things that, when being truthful, were also desired to the point of having a strong influence. The thought of being able to experience the excitement of once again watching males being "harvested" and being able to savor the delicious flavor of male flesh, especially the sex organs, when such had not only been thought would be lost forever, but had a tantalizing appeal of a magnitude that could not be denied.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;There was also another feature that could not be denied as desiring to once again experience being enjoyed. If males were going to be held it would be foolish not to take advantage of the physical pleasures their bodies would be able to provide when reaching sufficient maturity.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Establishing such a major policy would take a great deal of planning in working out details of how best to proceed. There was one area in particular that would require considerable thought. There was little doubt in the minds of the new leaders that the present female population would embrace the policy with open enthusiasm, but ensuring continuation would require a female population that was not yet born being embellished with this same degree of eagerness. Clearly, there could be nothing more important than to develop a plan addressing how this vital goal would be achieved.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When the new leaders realized that there was a unified consensus of agreement among their ranks, they found themselves being anxious to develop a policy that would become reality. A policy of such magnitude, however, would require extensive planning and official sanction and, therefore, procedures would have to be followed. The first order of business would be to appoint a committee that would be tasked to work out details and come up with a recommended plan. When this was accomplished, a Summit could be convened in which the plan would be presented to be voted upon and become law.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It should be noted that, although the new leaders possessed many notable leadership qualities, they were still extremely young and, therefore, could not help having the impulsive passions that come with youth. It was for this reason that getting caught up by an exciting idea which, on the surface, showed such great promise that it did not occur to them to take time to pause to see if there might be possible obstacles that had been overlooked.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When the committee was appointed, the members were comprised almost entirely of women that were also young, and, although highly skilled in their respective fields, possessed the same youthful impulsiveness of letting passion stand in the way of pausing to give matters logical thought. If it had not been for two older women also being appointed to the group, there is little doubt that a plan would have been developed recommending a policy that called for taking exactly the type of action that the new leaders had envisioned. If this had occurred, the policy would have been doomed to failure almost from the start, and, in time, the world would have become as before.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;One of the older women on the committee was a physician named Dr. Morgan. Dr. Morgan had played a prominent role in the genetic research that had been conducted. It was not this qualification, however, that was the reason for her selection, but, instead, was based on the fact that she had been a highly respected pediatrician prior to the war. It had been anticipated that her role in the proceedings would be limited to making recommendations on the raising of male youths in captivity.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The second older woman was Dr. Carson who was the renown psychiatrist and close friend of the recently retired Supreme Commander. She had played a key role in developing many of the policies that had proven to be so remarkable successful in leading to a female population finding itself enthusiastically accepting the slaying of over two billion members of the opposite sex. In this regard, there was no doubt whatsoever as to the reason for Dr. Carson being selected to serve on the committee. It was widely known that she had no equal in understanding the complexities of human nature and emotions, and, therefore, there could be none more qualified to develop a plan of how to ensure creating similar enthusiasm in future female generations - an enthusiasm that would be crucial if the policy was indeed going to succeed.









THE FUTURE
By C

PART II
CHAPTER 33
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;There was a festive atmosphere in the air when the members of the newly formed committee met for the first time to begin deliberations on recommendations to be made on how to implement the policy that had been decided upon. They sat around a large table, and prior to the meeting being called to order, the younger women chatted with a great deal of enthusiasm about being given the honor to play such an important role in what, without a doubt, would be the most historic and worthwhile undertaking the world had ever known. Their eyes sparkled with excitement as they talked about all that it would provide to women of future generations - and to themselves as well. Dr. Carson and Dr. Morgan sat quietly and listened to the discussions but did not take part. Their manner was cordial, but it was obvious they did not share in the enthusiasm of their fellow members.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When the chairwoman called the meeting to order, she said that they would begin by going around the table to let everyone introduce themselves and, in general terms, give their personal view of the task that the committee had been given. The responses were predictable with many glowing endorsements being expressed in which often mention was made of how obvious it was that they would merely be doing what was clearly intended.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was not until they were halfway around the table that one of the young women brought up an issue about what many had been wondering. "With all of this being so obvious, I frankly find it hard to understand why it was not thought of much sooner &#8211; especially after the scientific research proved that the answer did not lay in any type of genetic remedy." She then turned and looked at Dr. Carson. "Since you were involved in a great deal of what took place during the past leadership and are also a close friend of the retired Supreme Commander, perhaps you can enlighten us. Was this not even considered?"

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Dr. Carson smiled while seeming to take no offense at the sarcastic tone that had been used. "Was the course of action we have been asked to develop a method of implementing ever considered previously? Oh.., I guess it crossed our minds in a wishful sort of way at times, but no, I can't say that it was ever given serious thought." "But why on earth not when it is such a perfect and foolproof solution?" The other woman shot back. "It wasn't given serious thought because most of those involved in making the decisions at that time were older women such as myself and Dr. Morgan, and, by being older, knew that such a policy has no possible hope of withstanding the revolt that would surely occur."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A gasp went through the room with everyone except Dr. Morgan registering looks of wide-eyed astonishment. The chairwoman rapped on the table to restore order while registering a stern look on her face. "Really.., Dr. Carson! You surprise me. I thought you knew fully of what is intended. Are you taking this matter so lightly that you did not even read the mission statement which makes it quite clear that males will not be allowed to reach an age where revolt would become a threat?"

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Dr. Carson was unable to suppress a slight chuckle. "Yes, I've read the mission statement, but even without doing so, it would be extremely difficult after hearing all of the conservation taking place a short while ago not to know exactly what is intended. But, I do not refer to a revolt by males trying to escape captivity. I am referring instead of a revolt that would be far more intense &#8211; a revolt coming from women."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Surely you're joking?" The young woman that had initially raised the issue cried. "If there&#8217;s a reason why women would want to raise any kind of objection, it's beyond me to think what it might possibly be!"

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"That's because you have yet to know the experience of becoming a mother." Dr. Carson said with a smile. "There is no stronger love on earth than that of a mother for her child, and I assure you, women are not going to willingly allow male infants they bring forth into the world to be taken from them for any purpose, and surely, not to be held in captivity and then be slain at an early age."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"What..?" The young woman exclaimed. "Love..? Feel love for a male..? Just because of giving birth to one..? Maybe that's the way women were before but.., certainly not now. In case you haven't noticed, things have changed somewhat than they were in the past." She then broke out in laughter with many of the others joining in.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The chairwoman again rapped of the table to restore order. "That will be quite enough! I encourage open debate, but I will not tolerate it not being done in a respectful and dignified way. If there is anyone present that is unable to conduct herself in such a manner, she will be dismissed from this committee! Is this fully understood?"

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The somber nods that accompanied embarrassed expressions on young faces showed accepting having been properly chastised. The chairwoman appeared satisfied and looked at the recipient of the outburst. "Dr. Carson." She said. "I am aware that, except for you and Dr. Morgan, we have no knowledge of the type of feelings that women in past times had in regard to their male children. I must admit that I also find it hard to envision there being feelings of love, but if someone with the high credentials that you possess state this was indeed the case, then I must accept it as being true. But, in spite of the somewhat rude manner in which it was done, I think a valid point was raised."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Things have indeed changed. I'm sure you must agree that women have come to view males in a far different manner than at anytime in the past. When considering the sheer magnitude of all that has occurred in creating this attitude, I must confess finding it extremely difficult to see how simply giving birth to a male would cause these feelings to suddenly change. I also find it somewhat difficult to understand how you can be so convinced of your viewpoint when there is surely nothing resembling anything close to this ever occurring in the past upon which to base such a judgment."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Dr. Carson again gave a chuckle. "I'm afraid that you will soon discover there is nothing at all simple about giving birth, but for the moment, I'll put that issue aside. You are quite correct in saying that I must agree that women of today have come to regard males in a far different manner than at anytime in the past. It would be rather difficult for me to even attempt such a thing when I myself have done the same."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"A few years ago, I would have though it impossible for me to find myself capable of willing taking an innocent human life, yet I have now not only done this, but because the life was that of a male, I found myself being caught up in the same excitement as everyone else. And, from that day forward, it has not diminished. I still feel a great amount of pride whenever I look at his mounted head and genitals that hang in my living room. Like each of you, I have reached a point of placing little value on the life of members of the opposite sex, and I have come to harbor a strong resentment and indifference toward them. In fact, my feelings are of such magnitude that if I thought there was any possible way of successfully implementing the policy being proposed it would receive my full endorsement."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Yes, things have surely changed, and women have surely changed with them - not only in the way we have come to regard males, but in many other ways as well. But, there are things within us that, as women, are beyond our ability to change, and these are basic instincts instilled by nature as is done in all living creatures. One of the strongest of these instincts is that of self survival which I doubt any of you would question. But, another of even greater strength is the instinct of a female to nurture and protect her young - young that would be helpless otherwise. If such were not the case there would be very few species existing in the world - and, surely.., not our own."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"But, for us, when this instinct is coupled with human emotions that are part of being a woman it proves to be overpowering. There is no fury on earth equal to that of a mother fighting to defend her young, and it is for this reason that I can say with total confidence that our present attitude toward males will undergo a dramatic change for a male that is conceived within our bodies."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The room was silent as the women seated around the table found themselves being slightly perplexed. Their belief was far too strong to be swayed by something that, at best, they regarded as being nothing more than a viewpoint based on conjecture, but it was, nevertheless, disturbing to find an issue being raised which they had not even been aware might exist.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The silence was broken by Dr. Morgan who, up to this point, had been sitting quietly while giving the appearance of being lost in deep thought. "Martha? You said something earlier that caught me somewhat by surprise. Did I understand correctly when you remarked that if you thought a way could be found to enable this policy we're discussing to be successful that you would actually endorse it being implemented?"

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Dr. Carson chuckled. "I guess hearing such a statement coming from me did catch you somewhat off-guard, Ruth." She paused for a moment and then shrugged. "When considering all of the violence, suffering, devastation, and senseless barbarism that males have brought to the world throughout history and, if allowed to resume their ways will surely bring again, I find it beyond me to put their welfare ahead of that of women who would again become the innocent victims."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"The policy being proposed is a drastic course of action, to say the least, but when the issue is bringing forth a world in which women could forevermore live in peace and without fear, I find myself feeling little concern for the plight it would mean for males. I would object to them being mistreated, but since they would be held by women, there is little likelihood that mistreatment would occur."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Unfortunately, as I have stated, the instinct and human emotions of motherhood poses an obstacle of such magnitude I can foresee no way in which it could be overcome. But, even setting motherhood aside, there are other difficulties that would be encountered. I'm afraid that being caught up in the excitement by what, on the surface, appears to be not only a solution that is simple, but also one that is highly desired has prevented pausing long enough to reflect on exactly what trying to enact such a policy would actually entail."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"What would these other difficulties be, Martha?" Dr. Morgan asked. No one noticed that her previous thoughtful expression had been replaced by a sparkle of excitement beginning to show in her eyes. Dr. Carson reflected for a moment before responding. "It needs to be recognized that it took many unique circumstances that had never existed before coming together in an almost unbelievable sequence that led to creating the attitude that women now have in regard to males. One of the most prominent that we had from the start is feelings of deep resentment toward them from having suffered at their hands the barbaric brutality of a war such as had never existed before."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"One of the most unique circumstances that occurred was in our holding the entire male population in captivity after bringing the war to an end. But, even though possessing intense feelings of extreme resentment, it was still originally intended that majority of males would be released even though knowing that such action would eventually result in the world becoming as before. As women, we found ourselves incapable of even contemplating slaying them in massive number to serve what would be nothing more than our own interest &#8211; regardless of whatever future threat it might prevent. It was only when suddenly being faced with a desperate crisis, that we found ourselves having no other choice but that such action be taken if we were to have any hope of not only surviving ourselves, but the entire human race. It needs to be pointed out that, in all likelihood, taking this course of action would probably not have been contemplated if it were not for the fact that previous circumstances had already resulted in us being forced to look upon the body of a human male in terms of being a source of food. There is little doubt that this combination of events, above all else, was by far the most unique of all and played a vital role."

  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Because males were the ones responsible for bringing on the crisis, and because of our already deep resentment toward them, we found ourselves not only openly accepting them being slain to solve the crisis, but considered such fate to be justly deserving. In fact, the acceptance was to such a degree that we soon found ourselves being filled with excitement, exhilaration, and pride from witnessing them being slain and butchered for food by fellow women who were performing these acts in both a degrading and exciting manner which, I might add, were carefully orchestrated to create these very reactions."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"But, even after all of this, if the number receiving such fate could have been small to solve the crisis, our attitudes would have turned out to be far different. It was because males were being openly slain and processed in massive quantity on a daily basis that we came to look upon such action with indifference, and in time, in terms of becoming almost a way of life. It reached the point of us finding ourselves having a strong desire for it to continue and, in so doing, not only bring forth a world that lives in peace, but if we are truthful, one that for women at least, would also be filled with excitement."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I afraid this desire has created such enthusiasm that it is assumed women of future generations will have the same attitude toward males as ourselves and will, therefore, be equally motivated. Unfortunately, even if we could put the issue of the emotions of motherhood aside, I can see no way this could occur."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"If the world you envision became reality then all males would be placed in captivity from birth, and as a result, women of future generations would not suffer even the slightest harm at their hands - to say nothing of suffering brutality, rape, and war. These women would know only of what they might be told of what had occurred in the past, and although this would undoubtedly cause feelings of dislike, it would fall far short of creating the deep resentment that has become so strong within ourselves and which has played such a decisive role."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I ask of you.., from where will come the motivation when there are no longer such feelings of deep resentment to inflame passions? From where will come the motivation when food will be bountiful with no desperate crisis being in existence to require such action?"

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She was about to continue when the chairwoman interrupted. "Dr. Carson, these things might have played important roles for us, but we were doing something profound that had never happened in the past. But, such will not be the case for women of future generations. Their motivation would surely not have to equal ours since they would merely be continuing a precedent that had not only already been established, but would result in many of the circumstances that came into existence for us remaining the same. They will find themselves being caught up in the same type of excitement as ourselves, and of primary importance, will likewise be able to experience the enjoyment of feasting on the delicious taste of a meat that is unmatched from any other source. And, if by chance, more might still be required.., I have no doubt whatsoever that being given the opportunity to bite into a roasted dick will serve to provide all the motivation that would be needed - and then some."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Laughter broke out around the table that was combined with murmurs expressing agreement. Dr. Carson joined in the merriment and waited patiently for it to subside. When the room became quite she smiled ruefully and shock her head. "That might indeed be the case if the quantity were sufficient. Unfortunately, the number of males that could be "harvested" in an exciting manner and whose flesh could be feasted upon would be extremely limited. And, even though biting into a roasted dick does indeed provide unbelievable enjoyment, I'm afraid that one bite is all that each woman of a future generation would be able to have."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"One bite..?" The chairman exclaimed in a surprised tone. "What on earth do you mean?" Dr. Carson again shook her head in a rueful manner. "I'm afraid that this is another area where being caught up by enthusiasm has prevented pausing to look at the full picture. The conversations taking place prior to the meeting made it quite apparent of anticipating that, as soon as a newly created male population reaches maturity, we will simply pick up where we left off and begin "harvesting" them in abundance one again. Unfortunately, instead of abundance, the exact opposite would be the case. In a span that lasted no more than three years, we annihilated a male population that was over eight times our size.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; All of you are well aware that this large disparity was due to women suffering far grater casualties during the war. When things are left to nature, however, the male and female populations have always been approximately the same. This ratio facilitated mating in pairs, but if all males are going to be held captive, then mating in pairs would no longer take place. This would leave reproduction as the only issue to be considered for their need to even exist, and since we have found a way to determine sex, we can control the size of male populations which could be far smaller than our own and still fulfill this needed function."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"An average male, during a lifetime, produces a quantity of semen that, if collected daily and using artificial insemination, would be capable of impregnating up to thirty thousand females if an entire ejaculation was used in each procedure. But, semen contains such a high concentration of sperm that an ejaculation can be divided three or four times and still be effective which, if done, the number of women being impregnated would approach a hundred thousand and possibly even higher. Let me remind you, the semen used to accomplish this would be produced by only one male. If this method were adopted, it would require such a small number of males being needed that all could safely be held - regardless of age. On the surface, this might seem to be an ideal solution to bring forth a world that could indeed live in peace. It would require a few dedicated women volunteering to produce an occasional male to be raised in captivity, but since these males could be allowed to live a full life and suffer no mistreatment, the difficulty of giving them up is something that could be accepted. Unfortunately, this would result in such a large number of women being related by blood that it would cause severe genetic deterioration in subsequent generations."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"For the sake of discussion, although I&#8217;m sure it would be more, let&#8217;s say that it would be safe to use semen taken from a single male to impregnate ten females without causing genetic problems. The male population could therefore be much smaller than ours, but not of a size that would enable being safely held in captivity after reaching maturity. They would therefore have to slain as the only effective means of preventing revolt, and although the flesh could be used for food, if it was proportioned equally among the female population, it would result in one body being shared by ten women."

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; This is all that women would consume during an entire lifetime, and a roasted dick sliced into ten pieces would provide, at best, the one bite which I mentioned. I seriously doubt that being given a small, tantalizing sample of something never to be tasted again would generate a great deal of any type of motivation in female populations of the future - certainty nothing of the magnitude that would be required in them of having a passionate desire for pursuing the rather drastic course of action you envision."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The women seated around the table looked at each other with looks of dismay. They had indeed been so caught up with enthusiasm by the prospect of being able to "harvest" males one again that they had though only in terms of it being done in abundance. The suddenness by which Dr. Carson had pointed out the error of this assumption had caught them completely off guard, and for several minutes, they were in a state of numbed shock.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The young woman that had been the first to question Dr. Carson was the first to recover. "Why should we limit the size of the male population to such a ridiculously small number just because that might be all that would be needed for reproduction? It's entirely up to us to determine the size, and we can make it anything we want.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The faces of the other women brightened, and they looked at Dr. Carson who was quick to respond. "I'm afraid you spoke in haste without taking time to realize of the full implication of what doing such a thing would mean. You are suggesting that males be produce in great abundance - not be for the purpose of reproduction for which only a small number would be needed - but for the sole purpose of being raised to be slain for providing meat."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Do you not grasp what such a thing would be doing? In every sense of the word, it would be turning the human male into becoming nothing more than livestock. On the surface, this might not strike you as being worthy of concern until one stops to consider that, in so doing, it would delegate women to taking on the role of becoming breeding stock for the sole purpose of using their bodies to produce their own food."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Can you truthfully tell me that in is within you to conceive of women doing such a thing? I certainly find it beyond my ability - even without taking into consideration the extreme physical demands that would have to be endured. I mentioned earlier that there is nothing simple about giving birth. It requires women suffering a burden of increasing discomfort for a period of nine months and severe pain at the end. The though of women of future generations willingly undertaking such an ordeal for no other purpose than to produce meat, regardless of how delicious it might be, is beyond all reason - especially when the number that could be produced would be so small that it would still be extremely limited."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I think it needs to be pointed out that if every woman produced twelve to fifteen male infants, a feat that in no means would be a small undertaking, it would be only the equivalent of this number that would be consumed during a lifetime. This quantity might exceed having to share just one body, but even without the physical demands being taken into account, it would still fall far short of what would be needed to create any type of strong motivation."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was at this point that Dr. Morgan again interrupted. "Martha? You're point is well taken and one in which I can certainly offer no argument. But, you've implied that there might be some way in which sufficient motivation could indeed be created in future female populations. Your manner makes it obvious that, whatever this might be, you consider it to be unrealistic, but just for curiosity sake, I'm sure that all of us would at least like to hear what it is."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Dr. Carson gave a chuckle. I'm afraid that calling it unrealistic is putting it mildly, Ruth. "You see, to start with, it would require finding a way to grow males on trees instead of having to be produced in a woman&#8217;s body. I do not say this simply because it would provide a way to avoid the physical ordeal of pregnancy and, in so doing, being caught up in the overpowering emotions of motherhood. You see, I'm afraid it would take far less than a mother's love to stand in the way of women of future generations finding themselves desiring to of carry out a policy such as the one being proposed."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"It needs to be remembered that, regardless of being in the future, we are talking about women and, as such, they will have within them the basic nature of everything it means to be a woman. I assure you that, regardless of whatever attitudes they might hold, this basic nature in no way would change, and this includes having strong feelings of compassion and objecting to taking the life of a living creature - any living creature &#8211; unless circumstances exist that result in the life being considered either deserving or the taking of it fulfilling a legitimate and unavoidable need and, therefore, was justified."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"The obvious question is what type of circumstances would it take to cause women of future generations to find themselves having such an attitude about members of the opposite sex? We must rule out being faced with a desperate crisis or becoming inflamed by passions of extreme resentment - both of which played such an important role in our own actions and emotions. With these factors being absent, I can see but one way in which it might be accomplished."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I mentioned earlier that there was another factor that played an important role on our part. In fact, I think it could be said that, in spite of everything else, it had the greatest influence in creating the attitude we found ourselves feeling toward males. I speak of being so inundated from seeing massive number being slaughtered for meat over such a long period of time that we reached the point of considering it to have become almost a way of life. This outlook, as you are aware, resulted in our placing such little value on a male's life in terms of sanctity that we looked upon them being slain with indifference &#8211; even those that were extremely young. But the underlying cause for this indifference came from our considering males, in being responsible for the desperate crisis in which we found ourselves being confronted, not only deserving to be held accountable, but of much greater significance, viewing it to be fulfilling a legitimate and unavoidable need for them being slaughtered to obtain meat as the only means of adverting the desperate crisis and, thereby, was justified. It was this being present that enabled us to openly accept the slaying of the entire male population with a clear and untroubled conscience."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"If women of future generations, starting at early childhood, could be exposed to males being "harvested" in exciting ways and in such great abundance that it became extremely commonplace, I find it hard to envision them not being influenced in a manner that would indeed result in creating open acceptance if other carefully planed factors were also present. It is for this reason that I said a means would have to be found for growing males on trees. The abundance of which I speak would need to greatly exceed that to which we were exposed. It would have to be of sufficient magnitude to enable the flesh of males being eaten on a daily basis &#8211; preferably at every meal. A quantity such as this would result in each and every woman consuming well over five hundred males during an average lifetime, and needless to say, it would physically impossible for a female population to produce no more than a minute fraction of a quantity such as this."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"But, let&#8217;s assume for the moment that some other means could be found, such a being grown on trees, in which males could be produced in this magnitude. Being "harvested" in such number would indeed be turning them into a form of livestock in every sense of the word, and if women and girls of future generations found themselves regarding males in this manner, it would bring forth the same valid justification as slaughtering any form of livestock to obtain meat has been accepted by women of past times and, therefore, would be looked upon with similar indifference."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"You might question how an outlook reaching this extreme could be achieved when such did not occur for ourselves - even after what we were doing reached a point of being regarded as nothing more than a way of life that had that had come into existence. You might at this very moment be pausing to remember the degrading manner in which we observed countless number of naked males being slain - the extent to which we gleefully watched their lifeless bodies and that which so vividly defines them being taunted and ridiculed - the witnessing of them being butchered and packaged for distribution in highly efficient assembly-line processes &#8211; gazing upon row after row of frozen gutted carcasses, hanging by the thousands, in mammoth cold storage facilities - the proud displaying in our homes of a mounted head and sex organs showing undisputable proof of our own personal and exciting conquest &#8211; the viewing of entertain and exciting televised broadcast and countless pictures of all that took place - and much more."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"All of these things played important roles in causing us to look upon males not only being justly deserving, but also as being unimportant and highly inferior. In spite of this, however, we still recognized them as members of our species and, therefore, never reached a point of regarding them in terms of becoming livestock. With this being the case, you might ask in what manner such an outlook could occur in women and girls of the future."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"What I am about to say is only my opinion since nothing remotely approaching such a thing has ever existed, but I will express my views on how it might be accomplished. It would, of course, require extensive planning in developing a policy aimed specifically at achieving this goal. A fundamental part of such policy would be, as we have done, to openly "harvest" males in public facilities with emphasis being placed on subjecting the slain bodies in general, and sex organs in particular, to degrading ridicule. It would also be of immense value, as did we, of giving women of the general public the opportunity personally participate, but instead of harvesting only one male, it should be done on a regular basis, and at least for the first, as we have also done, be given the head and sex organs mounted on a plaque to be proudly displayed at home."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Displays, however, should not be limited to trophies representing personal triumphs. There should be almost no place that women and girls could go, either public or private, that they would not only observe mounted heads and sex organs, but other displays such as stuffed torsos and even entire bodies. A great deal of effort should be put forth in this area in creating a wide variety of different types of displays and articles made from male bodies in ways that would subject them to disrespect and ridicule. It goes without saying that a primary emphasis should be directed at that which so vividly separates them from us which, by this alone, subjects them to humiliation and ridicule when being openly exhibited for countless members of the opposite to view at their leisure. All of this should be done to such extreme that women and girls would find themselves surrounded by such things in however many ways can be contemplated, but skin from male bodies and sex organs being used in making countless other items as well &#8211; including, of course, clothing and other articles made from tanned hides which, as we all know, makes an extremely soft and supple leather of superb quality.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; You might have noticed that I keep mentioning males being subjected to things like disrespect, humiliation, and ridicule - especially the sex organs - but as it was for us, such things would be crucial in instilling within women and girls of future generations the viewpoint that males are both highly inferior and unimportant which, in so doing, would help create indifference being felt toward whatever fate they were being subjected. The only thing that would have a negative effect on feelings of indifference would be the witnessing of mistreatment being inflicted but, since everything being done would be performed solely by women, any form of mistreatment would surely never occur."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"All of these factors would play important roles, but a key ingredient of creating an outlook of which I speak is the manner in which males would be raised. If they are going to be turned into becoming livestock, then they should be raised as such. They should be kept in open pens and fenced pastures in which they sleep on the ground and eat only with hands and tearing with teeth. And in being livestock, they should not be clothed in any manner between conception and death."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"It would, of course, serve no purpose to educate them beyond being trained to obey simple commands, since lacking both human knowledge and awareness would greatly simplify the ease of being controlled. It should go as far as not being taught even the most rudimentary of speech so that their only sounds would be yelps and grunts. It goes without saying that such as this would greatly enhance being viewed as highly inferior, unimportant, and with indifference."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Males raised in such an environment would be more closely aligned to dumb animals than human in their behavior, and it would be this key factor, in conjunction with all else taking place, that would enable women and girls of future generations to indeed come to look upon members of the opposite sex in terms of being a form of livestock to such extent that they would not question them being slaughtered for meat or, for that matter, question anything else I have mentioned being done. It might not be in a manner of giving the word livestock conscious thought, but the subconscious attitude being created would be the same. Due to having human form and at least a small number being needed for reproduction, women and girls would still recognize males as being of their own species, but by being inundated by all that would be occurring, it would be more in terms of a subspecies whose only purpose was to serve a female population&#8217;s needs and pleasures. Oh, and speaking of pleasures, upon reaching sufficient maturity males would, of course, be used for enjoying the exhilarating physical pleasures for which their bodies are so uniquely made until the time came for them to be "harvested."

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The recognizing of males being of their species, even though relegated to a subspecies status, would however, prove to be of great benefit in making open acceptance of what was being done become something that was also filled with a great deal of excitement and enthusiasm. When I mentioned being viewed with indifference, I was referring only to being indifferent of the fate to which males would be subjected. But, there would be no indifference, whatsoever, in observing the manner it was being done, and it would be this that would indeed bring forth excitement and enthusiasm. Many factors would play a part in creating this atmosphere to such extent that trying to explain them all would take a great deal of time, so I will only mention the one that would, by far, have the largest influence. This factor is one that has always been imbedded deep within the inner make-up of the human female which, regardless of how low a status males might be viewed in the future, would remain unchanged. I speak, of course, of our inborn attraction toward members of the opposite sex in general, and that of them that so vividly sets them apart in particular &#8211; the sex organs. It was this inborn attraction, imbedded deep within us, that by far, had the greatest influence in us responding with the heightened feelings of pride, amusement, and extreme excitement that we found ourselves being caught-up with when viewing all that was being done. And it would be this same inborn attraction, going unchanged, that would cause members of future female generations not just responding as had we, but to a much greater extent since they would be viewing such immense extreme &#8211; especially in the manner of being vividly displayed in countless type and number wherever they might go.

&nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Unfortunately, since human males can not be grown on trees, all of this is only wishful thinking. And with this being the case, we are left with having to face obstacles of such magnitude that, as I have said, I can see no way in which they could be overcome. I am well aware that I have not been successful in convincing you about much of what I have said, but I hope that, at least, I have been able to make you aware that, regardless of how much it might be desired, it would be physically impossible for women to produce a quantity of males that would be anywhere close to what you have envisioned - certainly nothing that could be called abundance."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The room again lapsed into silence. Dr. Carson had indeed been successful in making the young women seated around the table realize they had been so caught up in the enthusiasm of thinking about the prospect of once again being able to "harvest" males in abundance, that it had prevented them from pausing long enough to contemplate that giving birth to such number would be physically impossible. The realization that there would be no abundance whatsoever had a sobering effect that dashed all of the previous excitement. The tantalizing world that Dr. Carson had described as being possible if males could indeed be produced in large number only served to deepen the depression.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The chairwoman finally broke the silence and spoke in a somber tone. "I'm afraid you have made us look extremely foolish, Dr. Carson. But, even though we might be disappointed in being forced to realize that the number of males which could be produced would fall far short of what we had anticipated, I still don't see why this should keep us from not going ahead with the mission we have been assigned. Not only do I find it difficult to envision any possible reason why male flesh would be so outstanding other than clearly being intended to be eaten, but we must not loose sight of the fact that our primary motivation for taking this action is to create a world that, forevermore, would live in peace. A goal as important as this is certainly worth at least making an attempt."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"You were quite correct in saying that you failed to convince us in much of what you said. I know that, for myself at least, I find it hard to contemplate women having feelings of compassion toward males. I mean, after all, they have dicks don&#8217;t they? It's not like they were anything important. For the life of me, I simply can't see how women in future generations could object to males being slain before reaching an age to be a danger if there was an awareness that, by so doing, it would prevent the world from ever again experiencing the horrors of what we were forced to endure."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Dr. Carson nodded in understanding. "I would have been surprised if you had said otherwise, and I deeply respect the sincerity in what you desire to achieve. I'm not going to try and change your present outlook, but I do have a suggestion to make. The highest priority we have facing us at this point is to begin rebuilding our own drastically depleted number. I would like for the committee to consider delaying making any proposals in regard to males at least for several years and, during this period of time, adhere to the original plan of producing only females which, as I have said, is of primary importance."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"If this is done then, during this time, many of you will come to know first hand what it means to conceive and bring forth new life into the world. Those of you that do will have experienced all of the emotions that are created and, regardless of the fact that the infants for whom these emotions will be directed will be female, will therefore gain a far better insight of how such feelings would relate to either sex. We can reconvene this committee two years from now, and if you still find yourselves being of the same mind and determined to go forth, I will offer my assistance regardless of whatever personal reservations I might hold."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The chairwoman nodded. "I think that seems to be a reasonable approach. Now that we have been forced to realize that there won't be any abundance of males, there is really no urgency to start producing them as soon as possible. If waiting several years will give us a grasp of what could prove to be potential problems that would have to be overcome, then the delay would certainly be worthwhile. It would also give us time to reflect on issues in a more sober manner than we have obviously not done up to now. If there is no objection, I would like to call for a vote on accepting Dr. Carson's suggestion." The other women nodded, and the proposal was adopted as being the recommendation of the committee.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;There was a dispirited mood in the air when the meeting adjourned, and none of those present noticed that Dr. Morgan did not seem to be sharing this somber outlook. In fact, if they had taken a close look, they would have seen that her eyes were flashing with excitement to the extent that it was only with extreme effort that she was able to maintain an outwardly calm composure.









THE FUTURE
By C

PART II
CHAPTER 34
&nbsp; 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The following months saw a large portion of the massive rebuilding effort being completed and, in so doing, the time arrived to begin rebuilding the depleted female population. It would have to be done in phases, and names were randomly drawn to determine the order. The women in the first group met this challenge with a continued sense of loyalty and dedication. Discovering the hardships that accompanied being pregnant was a new experience for the vast majority, but they were nothing when compared to hardships they had been forced to endure for as long as most could remember, and therefore, they found little difficulty in being able to adjust.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was ten months after the adjournment of the committee meeting that had ended in such a dispirited manner that Dr. Morgan invited Dr. Carson to her home one evening for dinner. Dr. Carson had not seen her colleague during this time and accepted with pleasure. She arrived promptly, as was her custom, and received a warm greeting. The two women then looked at each other's expanding waistlines and both laughed. "It looks like we're about the same." Dr. Morgan said. "I'm four months."&nbsp; "Well, almost." Dr. Carson replied. "A little over three for me."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Dinner will be ready shortly." Dr. Morgan said when they entered the foyer. "I have a nice rump roast in the oven that came from a male whose flesh looks to be extremely well marbled. Let's go sit in the living room while we wait." They were about to proceed when a sound caught Dr. Carson's attention. "My goodness, that's a baby crying upstairs. Someone quite obviously got a head start. Is it OK if I go up and take a look?" She started ahead without waiting for an answer and failed to notice Dr. Morgan trying to suppress a look of mischievous glee.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The two women proceeded up the stairs and entered a small bedroom containing a crib. "I can't even remember the last time I've seen a baby." Dr. Carson said as she smiled tenderly at the sight of a crying infant only a few weeks old. "I think she needs changing from the way she&#8217;s acting. Do you mind if I do it?" "Be my guest." Dr. Morgan said as she handed over a diaper and then quickly stepped back while finding it extremely difficult to keep a straight face.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Dr. Carson unfastened a soggy diaper and then stopped short. "Good grief..! This is a male..! I thought the method of being able to control the sex was suppose to be foolproof. "Oh, I assure you it's entirely foolproof. You see.., this is no accident." Dr. Morgan said and then broke out laughing.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Dr. Carson looked at her hostess in bewilderment. "What do you mean it was no accident? And pray tell why you think this is so funny? What's going on, Ruth? Who does this baby belong to?" "Well, er.., I guess you could say that he's mine."&nbsp;&nbsp; "Please Ruth, be serious! It's hardly possible to give birth to an infant when you're four months pregnant with another."&nbsp; "It's possible if the first one was grown on a tree, or at least.., what could be considered the equivalent of a tree. Isn't that what you said was needed?" "Ruth, I&#8217;m asking you again to please be serious. What on earth are you talking about?"&nbsp; "It would be best for you to see something before I explain. It&#8217;s in my lab in the basement."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A confused look came on Dr Carson&#8217;s face a few minutes later as she stood in the laboratory and observed a table upon which sat a large aquarium that was connected to plastic tubes going to a variety of different types of equipment. The back of the aquarium was covered with what looked like some type of thick, reddish colored membrane.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Well, Martha? What do you think of my male growing tree or, to be more precise, an artificial womb?" You mean...? Dr. Carson started to say trying to grasp what her friend had said. Yes Martha - Dr. Morgan said. The male upstairs came from there &#8211; not from a woman&#8217;s body. It&#8217;s rather crude &#8211; but it works. Let&#8217;s go upstairs, and I will explain.

&nbsp;&nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Dr. Morgan smiled with amusement at the dumfounded expression being displayed on her guest's face as the two women sat down in the living room. She then began her explanation. "You know, of course, that I have been involved from the start in the genetic research program. These studies might not have provided the solution for which they were originally intended, but they can hardly be considered to have been a wasted effort. We have gained tremendous insight and knowledge that is opening avenues which will prove to be of immeasurable benefit. For one thing, we are now able to link birth defects and major illnesses to genetic defects that will lead to both becoming a thing of the past."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Preventing birth defects and serious illness, however, are far from being the only benefits. We have been successful in unraveling many of the mysteries of DNA so that we are now able to not only isolate different components but to understand the function that each plays to the point of being able to be duplicated in a laboratory. We are only beginning to scratch the surface in this area, but one of the first endeavors was to develop a procedure for growing human skin that can grafted to a body and function in a normal way. The reason for this technique being chosen as one of the first things to be developed was because of so many women being scarred from injuries suffered during the war. I won&#8217;t go into technical details, but, by extracting a few cells of healthy tissue adjacent to a damaged area, we now have the ability to grow a sufficient amount to cover the wound. The treatment has proven to be truly remarkable to the extent of showing no evidence whatsoever of ever having been hurt.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I took an active part in this development and, therefore, knew that the same process could be used to grow other types of human tissue in a laboratory. This awareness resulted in me attempting something that I seriously doubt would have entered my mind if it had not been for desiring to help a close friend. Her uterus had been damaged from a foreign object being thrust into it during a sexual assault. The injury was to such an extent that it was highly doubtful of her being able to conceive, and the thought of being unable to do her part upset her greatly. I extracted a few healthily cells from her uterus and grew enough of the tissue to enable the damaged area to be repaired. It was implanted, and the fact that she is now having a normal pregnancy speaks for itself as to the success."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"It was by pure chance that, before all this occurred, I had conducted a private experiment that, at the time, was done merely to satisfy a professional curiosity. I have long been intrigued by the manner in which a human egg has the ability to divide and become two. The fact that this seldom occurs only served to intrigue me even more. I had often wondered what triggered this action and while conducting various DNA studies I found that, in a very small number of women, there is a slight variation in the DNA characteristics of an enzyme that is produced in the uterus during periods of ovulation."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I suspected that this might be the link, and, well.., I just had to find out for sure. I asked a colleague to extract my egg the next time I ovulated, and I brought it to my lab downstairs and immersed it under a microscope in an enzyme solution I had developed which contained a high concentration of the DNA characteristics I suspected as being the cause. Martha, I simply couldn't believe what happened. In only ten minutes the egg divided and then both of these divided to make four during the next ten minutes. And, it didn't stop. The four became eight, then sixteen, and then thirty two."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"The dividing continued and, in the rapid rate of mathematical progression, what had started out as being only one egg became over five hundred in just an hour and thirty minutes. I took them out of the solution at this point and don't really know how long it would have continued. I'm sure that it was the high concatenation of the enzyme which, fortunately, could never come close to being duplicated under natural conditions. Can you imagine the plight of a woman carrying over five hundred eggs that all had the potential to become fertilized?"

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"As I've said, the purpose of the experiment was to merely satisfy a professional curiosity, and although any new discovery is always exciting, I couldn't see where this particular one would prove to have any practical value. For some reason, however, I was reluctant to get rid of the eggs, and since they can be frozen indefinitely in the same manner as semen, I decided to keep them."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"With all the work going on, I didn't give the experiment a great deal of thought afterward until later when I was growing the uterus lining to be implanted in my friend. I had just finished examining the tissue and was pleased in seeing that the development was going extremely well. I then got something out of my container of liquid nitrogen that was needed for another experiment I was working on, and it was only by chance that I noticed the vial containing the frozen eggs. Well, all of a sudden, I made the connection and found myself wondering if there might be someway to make an artificial womb to which a fertilized egg would attach and begin to develop."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"The things that would be needed came to me almost immediately. If you stop to think about it, when making a baby, a woman's body serves as a manufacturing plant performing functions that, for the most part, we have had the technology to duplicate for a long time. Aquariums provide a safe, fluid environment in which the temperature can be controlled, artificial lungs extract carbon dioxide from blood and replace it with oxygen, injected glucose provides nutrition, and artificial hearts pump blood at a regulated rate and pressure."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"The only feature that had been missing in the past was the means to duplicate the lining of a woman's uterus to which a fertilized egg would attach and start to draw the life giving blood needed to begin development. But now, a means has been discovered, and if my reasoning was correct, making an artificial womb was not only at least theoretically feasible but would be quite simple to construct."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The thought came to me that if it could truly be done it could relieve women having to undergo the ordeals of pregnancy and giving birth, but I dismissed the idea almost immediately. It was beyond me to envision women desiring this miraculous function of their bodies being replaced by something artificial &#8211; regardless of the discomfort and pain that could be avoided. I know I surely wouldn&#8217;t.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I don&#8217;t think I gave the subject much thought afterward until you started talking about motherhood at the meeting. It came to me that if my theory could be proven to be correct that this issue, at least, could be overcome. But, I didn&#8217;t see how this would provide a solution to what was being proposed. I just couldn't envision women of future generations wantonly slaughtering fellow humans, even if they were males produced in an artificial environment, for the sole purpose of obtaining food when there would no longer be a desperate crisis existing that left no other choice."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I was fully expecting that you would quickly point this out, and, although you did indeed point out what you thought were insurmountable obstacles that would stand in the way, you caught me completely by surprise when you said that you would have no objection to seeing the policy being implemented if some way could be found for these obstacles to be overcome. I knew that my theory, if proven to be successful, could possibly serve this purpose, but, since it would require women doing something that I considered would be contrary to our basic nature, I retained strong doubts as to how this compassion within us could be overcome."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"It was for this reason that I asked you to tell us what it would require for the policy being discussed to become a reality. You could have knocked me over with a feather when you immediately replied that it would need a way being found to "grow males on trees". I was totally spellbound when you proceeded to describe a manner in which, with planning, this could be used to actually bring forth the very type of world we are seeking."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"It was all I could do to contain my enthusiasm, but I didn't want to say anything at the time because, even though I felt confident that it would indeed be possible to build an artificial womb, it was, at the time, an unproven theory that might not work. I didn&#8217;t want to take a chance of creating a lot of high hopes that might later be dashed, so I decided to wait and find out for sure one way or another."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;As soon as I got home I extracted a few cells from my uterus and started growing the membrane that&#8217;s attached to the back of the aquarium. Obtaining and setting up the equipment was really quite simple. When everything was in readiness I drew a pint of my blood and started circulating it through the uterus membrane. It seemed to be functioning in a normal manner so I thawed out some seamen and extracted all sperm containing XX chromosomes so that only sperm with male producing XY chromosomes remained. I then thawed out my eggs I had been keeping, fertilized one in a test tube, and implanted it on the membrane. I can&#8217;t begin to describe the thrill I got later when I saw that the egg was not only starting to develop into an embryo but was even forming a placenta. There was still a long way to go, of course, and I held my breath each time I entered the lab dreading that something might have gone wrong. But, no problem arose in the least, and, as you have seen, the infant upstairs is normal and healthy.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Dr Carson shook her head in admiration. "Ruth, that's just about the most incredible thing I've ever heard. You are indeed amazing. What have you been waiting for in announcing this unbelievable achievement?"
 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Well, I wanted to get your reaction first, Martha. Dr. Morgan replied. "In spite of what you said at the meeting about what might be achieved if males could be grown on trees, you were under the impression of describing something totally impossible to attain. I felt that you might have strong second thoughts if you saw that being able to produce human males in massive number could actually be done, and I didn't want to reveal anything without getting your full concurrence. I will leave it up to you to decide on the course of action to be taken.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Before you make a decision, however, I think I should point out that even though it would not take long to refine my rudimentary set-up and construct facilities capable of mass production, it will be at least nineteen years after the initial embryos become fully developed infants before harvesting could be resumed. I&#8217;m sure that you are aware that the flesh of most eighteen year olds taken at the end left a lot to be desired. I know many women were anticipating that the younger age would make the flesh even more tender and were surprised and disappointed to find the reverse being true.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Dr. Carson nodded. I know what you mean. I was anticipating the same thing and found myself being disappointed also. It&#8217;s indeed somewhat of a mystery. There&#8217;s really nothing mysterious about it, Martha. Dr. Morgan said. In our genetic studies trying to find a cause for violent behavior in males, we paid a great deal of attention to testosterone since aggressive tendencies increase noticeably after puberty. Even though our efforts in this regard proved to be unsuccessful, we discovered something that was quite intriguing. We found a chemical component present in testosterone that is the cause of male flesh being so tender and delicious. This chemical would have no effect on women, but when it combines with flesh containing the male chromosome it works in the same manner as a meat tenderizer that instills a remarkable flavor. But, it is not something that occurs right after puberty. The chemical is rather mild, and it takes a few years before any effect even becomes noticeable. I guess it could be said that a male&#8217;s flesh is being slowly marinated between puberty to adulthood which results in the outstanding quality being unmatched. The average age before it takes full effect, however, is between nineteen and twenty. If you&#8217;re wondering how we would know when a male would be ready to harvest, it can be determined by a simple blood test.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "The discovery of the chemical and its effect provided the answer to a question that has been quite mystifying. I&#8217;m referring to us being baffled as to how the flesh of a male could be so remarkable while that of a female is undesirable. But, at the same time, it created another question that is even more baffling. Martha, this has only been a recent occurrence. We know the chemical make-up of testosterone prior to the war, and this chemical was present in such a slight trace that any effect would have been extremely small to such extent that there would be little, if any, discernable difference between their flesh and our own. But now.., as we are all extremely aware.., that is no longer the case."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"On the surface, undergoing a physical change can not be considered unusual. The human body is subject to doing this as is the case for all other species. It is well known that, on the average, we are physically larger than our ancestors as well as being stronger and faster. But, changes such as this have always been gradual - taking decades to even be realized. To have something like this suddenly occur, almost overnight, in not just some males but all of them throughout the world, staggers the imagination. Something happened that obviously triggered it but, as to what this might be, I can not begin to fathom."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"There might well be some logical scientific explanation, but at this time, the only thing I can offer is that there appears to be forces at work of which we have no understanding. I will say this though - there is very little that happens in nature haphazardly for which there is no purpose. If so, could such a purpose be aimed at women discovering how remarkably delicious the flesh of human males had become? But, what would this have gained unless the reason for making the discovery had been intended to lead to something else of far greater significance? The creation of a world similar to what you described would surely fall within this category. Trying to perceive nature intending something as profound as this to actually come into existence is beyond my ability to comprehend. I know both of us have heard a great deal about nature intending activity such as this being discussed by young women but, like you, I had attributed it to being nothing more than unrealistic youthful enthusiasm. But now, I must to admit that it has given me reason to pause for thought."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That's the story, Martha. As I've said, I'm going to rely on your judgment as to what to do. I simply don&#8217;t have the courage to attempt making a decision on something as monumental as this on my own. On one hand, I find myself being excited and on the other, being frightened. If we start down this path there can be no turning back. We will be raising males in such massive number that, even if circumstances arise that might make it something which was not desired in the least, there would be no choice but to slay them simply to prevent being overwhelmed. Well, what do you think we should do?"

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Dr. Carson paused a moment before answering. "What you have said does indeed make one pause for thought, but as far as I&#8217;m concerned, it makes no difference, whatsoever, whether this might be something intended by nature or the result of nothing more than extraordinary circumstances having occurred. But, be that as it may, the first thing we should do in the morning is to see how soon the committee we're on can be called into special secession. After that, I&#8217;m afraid both of us will be extremely busy. You will be heavily engaged in advising and making recommendations on designing, constructing, and operating numerous facilities that have never existed in the past. I, on the other hand, will begin extensive planning on recommending methods to be adopted that will indeed bring forth a world that, until now, the only thoughts I had given to it were things that came to mind when you asked me to speculate at the meeting. I think, however, that although only speculating at the time, the basic premise of what I outlined is definitely the direction to go. I will, therefore, concentrate my efforts on developing and refining proposed methods as how to obtaining this objective can be achieved in such a manner that it will indeed be openly accepted, around the world, by all future female populations. She then paused and uttered a short laugh. In my wildness imagination, did I ever remotely contemplate actually planning how to implement something so profound that it will dramatically change the course of history, going far beyond any impact from what we have done up to this point or, for that matter, anything that has ever occurred in the past. And do you know something..? It will be in a way that I find to be extremely fulfilling and exciting just thinking about.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Dr. Carson paused and shook her head. All of this is so overwhelming that I think both of us needs to calm down a bit. Besides, I can smell the aroma coming from the kitchen, and it&#8217;s making my mouth water. I think I&#8217;m going to enjoy this meal a great deal more than the ones I&#8217;ve had the past few weeks. It&#8217;s been somewhat depressing in thinking that the stockpile of frozen bodies is almost depleted and that, in the very near future, I would never again enjoy the fantastic taste of a meat to which we have become so accustom. Now, however, even though it will require a long wait, it is not something that will be lost forever. But, with this being the case, we must not loose sight of the one and only valid justification for taking such an extreme course of action. A one and only valid reason that overshadows all else to such extent that, as I have said, makes no difference at all whether or not it might be something intended by nature.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Thanks to you&#8217;re extraordinary genius, Ruth, we will be breeding human males, in extreme excess of what would be needed for reproduction, to be slain for meat and, in so doing, indeed turn them into becoming nothing more than livestock. If the sole purpose for doing this was only for obtaining this meat, regardless of how extremely delicious it might be, I would strongly object. But, if I am correct in my judgment of which I&#8217;m fairly certain, the undertaking of such action will insure a world of lasting peace becoming a reality, and as far as I&#8217;m concerned, not pursuing an opportunity to achieve a goal as noble as this, with everything that is within us, is unthinkable to such a degree that whatever fate it means to the male of our species, regardless of whatever enormity it might prove to be, does not even enter into the equation.









THE FUTURE
By C

PART II
CHAPTER 35
 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The news that a method had been discovered by which males could be bred in an artificial environment was enthusiastically received, and steps were quickly taken to implement a crash program to construct large facilities throughout the world capable of producing a magnitude that would truly be in great abundance. The facilities were simply referred to as "hatcheries" which was a term destined to last from that time on.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When the "hatcheries" reached completion, the segment of the female population that was not pregnant at the time responded in volunteering to have their eggs collected during ovulation with the same enthusiasm as when earlier donating cells being taken from uteruses that had been used in laboratories to grow the vitally needed reproductive membranes unique to a female body. The eggs were placed in the enzyme solution developed by Dr. Morgan causing them to divide multiple times to the extent that the number enabled the vast majority being frozen that would last a long time before needing to be replenished.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The decision made years earlier that, just to be on the safe side, it would be prudent to collect and freeze a quantity of semen far exceeding the amount considered needed proved to be of immeasurable benefit. The excess was of such magnitude that, by taking advantage of being able to fertilize hundreds of eggs at the same time by being immersed in a single ejaculation from which female producing sperm had been extracted, there would be enough semen available to continue full scale production until the first "crop" reached an age to be able to produce a new supply of sufficient quantity to prevent any shortage from ever occurring. This would insure that when the time arrived to once again begin "harvesting", there would be an abundance of subsequent "crops" reaching maturity so that it could continue unabated from that time on.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The day in which the first "crop" was "planted" in "hatcheries" around the world was celebrated with great fanfare, but the celebration was even grater nine months later when the crop was "picked". It would be years before it could be "harvested", but the mere fact that an abundant of males once again existed that were destined to meet this fate made the wait far easier to accept.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A great deal of planning went into developing the policy of how males would be raised. This policy followed the guidelines that Dr. Carson had described in the committee meeting which, with her guidance, were expanded and refined. To begin with, they would, at no time, be shown any dignity by being referred to in human terms. Words such as "men" or "boys" would pass from existence. Infants would be called "cubs", toddlers to the age of puberty as "yearlings" and, after this, simply as "males".

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They would remain naked during their entire life from the moment of being "picked" until death. They would be raised in rural areas on "ranches" where they would be kept in open pens and fields in which they would sleep on the ground with large sheds being the only thing provided for protection against the elements. Food would be dumped raw, including meat, in troughs to be eaten by using only hands and tearing with teeth.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Extreme care would be taken by women that worked on the "ranches" to never carry on conversations within hearing distance of their charges so that the only utterances males would hear would be a few sharp commands needed for making them obey. Every effort would be taken to keep them from having any type of human awareness so that both their actions and intelligence would indeed be closely aligned to that of animals.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Strict obedience would be demanded at all times, and even a slight hesitation in responding to a command would be dealt with by a slap to the genitals for the young and a knee to the groin when becoming older. The method not only eliminated the need for using less desirable means, at least to women, such as whips, but it was deemed highly appropriate that the very part which so prominently identified males was that which was most vulnerable to enabling them to be easily controlled.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Violence among males in any form would not be tolerated. Even playful tussling would bring immediate punishment as described above, and violence of a more serious nature would be dealt with by being immediately taken to specially designated ranches that were not only more secure but contained additional personnel capable of maintaining stricter control. This policy would not only serve to quickly put potentially dangerous troublemakers in a secure environment, but would keep others from being influenced by observing such behavior if allowed to go unchecked.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The planning, however, went far beyond developing a policy on the manner of how males would be raised. When the time came to once again start "harvesting" them for food, the female population would include a new generation over eight times larger. It would be vital that this new generation be properly prepared. Starting at an early age, no effort would be spared in using every means possible to create emotions and influences that would lead to the members of this new generation being filled with an excitement and anticipation equal to that of their mothers.

  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The countless number of graphic photographs depicting all that had previously occurred would remain on display, and replays of past "harvestings" would be shown on television and on large screens in movie theaters. The trophies would also remain, and the fact that mothers would be able to give their daughters exciting, first-hand descriptions of a thrilling conquest over a male for which there was such vivid proof would surely make the influence all the more meaningful. Many moments would surely be spent by the daughters wondering and fantasizing about what it would be like when they would also be able to "harvest" a male by their own hand.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; It would be in this way that the young and impressionable members of the new female generation would be able to become accustomed to seeing such action taking place long before the time arrived for it to actually begin. The result of all of this being done would serve to instill the attitude that the value of a male&#8217;s life was totally different from their own and unimportant to the point of not being worthy of concern.&nbsp; 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;But, there would be more. Daughters would be taken on frequent outings to "ranches" to observe the animal-like behavior of males being raised in a manner that was remarkable similar to that of cattle. Such trips would enable witnessing that the difference between themselves and members of the opposite sex went far beyond mere physical appearance. It would be a difference that showed such vast inferiority that being treated in such a manner would be no more that the way it was meant to be.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Daughters would be made aware that males had once roamed free, but no mention would be made of anything that would be positive in nature. They would be told only of the brutality and suffering that not only their own mothers had been forced to endure, but by women since the earliest beginnings and, in so doing, create a lasting impression that males had always been barbaric creatures who would not only be receiving what they justly deserved, but what nature clearly intended to be done in a manner that was long overdue. This outlook would be reinforced by the parallel argument that a male's flesh would not have been made of such outstanding quality unless it was obviously meant for it to be eaten by those whose own flesh was so remarkably different to the point of clearly not being intended for human consumption.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;In the years that followed, a success was achieved that not only fulfilled, but exceeded all expatiations. The new female generation found themselves living in a world filled with excitement in which members of the opposite sex were increasingly viewed with indifference and scorn. Many hours were spent listening to mothers proudly describing the exhilaration that was experienced when obtaining trophies hanging on living room walls - watching television with spellbinding excitement of males being "harvested" in earlier times - looking at countless framed photographs showing graphic detail of all that had occurred &#8211; and going to ranches and seeing large numbers of naked males roaming in fields in much the same manner as did cattle in similar types of ranches located nearby.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was in this manner that daughters not only came to look upon members of the opposite sex as being vastly inferior, but to regard that which so prominently identified males, more than anything else, as being the very symbol of this inferiority. They came to feel a fierce pride that their own bodies lacked such demeaning objects.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A great deal of enthusiasm was felt throughout the female population when the first "crop" of yearlings reached puberty and became males. Years still remained before it would be "harvested", but the mere fact of being able to observe noticeable changes of actually starting the process of reaching maturity was considered to be a major milestone. But, it also brought forth the problem of males showing signs of becoming restlessness along with an increased tendency toward violence that accompanied this transformation.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was known that much of the influence on the undesirable aspects was caused by the male hormone being produced with semen, and the most effective way to hold its influence to a minimum was to "milk" males on a daily basis to keep testosterone levels at a minimum. In accomplishing this task, however, it was imperative that they never be allowed to experience the pleasure and excitement of having an organism since having such an awareness would undoubtedly lead to control becoming more difficult.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A great deal of effort went into developing a method by which males could be "milked" without them having any knowledge of it taking place. The scientific knowledge gained in the genetic studies enabled making a substance that would bring unconsciousness while, at the same time, causing the penis to become erect and highly sensitive so that stimulation would cause a maximum ejaculation to occur. The chemical could be injected as a liquid but could also be inhaled as a gas which was the desirable method since this means was far more efficient for dealing with large numbers.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Several hundred males at a time would be herded in rows into large "milking rooms" and given an order that they had been taught meant to lay on their backs. The rooms were then filled with gas which was expelled after taking effect. The apparatus used for extracting semen was similar to automatic milking machines used for cattle. Pulsating cups attached to flexible vacuum lines were lowered from the ceiling and quickly shoved on the rigid and conveniently uplifted shafts by women walking down the rows. The combined massaging and suction action provided the stimulation needed and thick streams of semen would soon be flowing into stainless steel containers.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;By its very nature, being collected in large quantity made semen a valuable commodity. The need for this male fluid to provide a substance for keeping sperm alive require it containing a high concentration of nutrients, and the need to also be capable of eventual disposal by being absorbed either back into the body of a male or by a woman's reproductive organs required it to be also be easily digestible. These unique qualities made it a highly nutritious beverage for which a taste was quickly developed to the extent of being considered quite delicious. In time, this fluid unique to being produced by males would be collected in such quantity that it would completely replace milk, and, in so doing, was viewed as being yet even more conclusive evidence that a male's only purpose for existing was to provide for the needs and pleasure for a highly superior opposite sex.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Semen, of course, was also required to replenish supplies needed to keep "hatcheries" operating. Since males were being raised as livestock, it was only logical that the long proven practice of "selective breeding" be used to improve quality. Males containing desirable genetic traits were tagged and, on occasions, were separated from others and herded as a group into a "milking room". When the gas had taken effect, small portable units were used to extract individual ejaculations which were then frozen and sent to sperm banks. None of the males being held in the more secure facilities, however, were used for this purpose &#8211; regardless of desirable genetic traits. There was no scientific data that supported there being any benefit from taking such action, but it just seemed like the sensible thing to do. It was in this way that any male who committed an act of violence would not be used for reproduction from that time on.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Being "milked" a daily basis to prevent high levels of testosterone from accumulating proved to have a moderating effect on the majority of males. But, as anticipated, the reaching of puberty still brought a sharp increase in the number needing to be separated for showing violent tendencies. This increase, however, was within acceptable limits that did not overload the higher security ranches to the point of becoming unmanageable.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The approaching of physical maturity resulted in bringing forth of an excitement and enjoyment of an entirely different type than being eagerly anticipated for when harvesting would begin - at least for the adult women. When the first crop of males reached eighteen the ones that had the most impressive physiques and endowment were taken to special facilities where they were used to satisfy sexual pleasures. The method by which this was accomplished was similar to what had been done in compounds years earlier except that instead of being tied, blindfolded, and gagged, the males were injected with a chemical similar to that used for "milking". The only difference was that, instead of causing an immediate erection after becoming unconscious, the penis remained flaccid and required being fondled before responding.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Sexual activity with males, however, was limited only to women. Older girls, now in their mid-teens, were sufficiently mature to engage in intercourse, but even though they were extremely anxious and curious to discover what the experience would be like, it was not allowed. Dr. Carson, as had been the case for so much else, was responsible for establishing this policy. It had been her opinion that becoming a "woman" in an all female society should be a milestone meriting a highly regarded status. Achieving it should be something that included special privileges being granted which would create a fierce pride and, in so doing, forge a lasting bond of unity going beyond even that which had already been formed. It would not be something that simply came with age, but would be done with great celebration in a manner that girls would look forward with eager anticipation.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The day of becoming a "woman" would be the day of turning eighteen. Prior to this age, girls would be allowed to watch but not participate in "harvesting" males. In addition to this restriction and also not being allowed to engage in sexual activity with males, they would not be permitted to have even a small sample the delicacy that was, by far, the most desired. Girls of all ages would be able to feast on all parts of the male body except the genitals which would be exclusively reserved for women. On a girl's eighteenth birthday, however, this would change - on this day she would "harvest" her first male. It would be done in a special ceremony with her mother and invited guests being in attendance. The moment that a released arrow found its mark to bring instant death would be viewed as the moment of becoming a "woman". A festive reception would be held afterward with a severed head and genitals being prominently displayed on a silver platter providing vivid evidence of the status that had been achieved.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;At the conclusion of the reception, the newly recognized "woman" would be taken to a nearby facility where, for the first time, she would experience the sexual pleasure and excitement that only the naked body of a living male is capable of providing. Later that evening, she would cook the penis and testicles that had been "harvested" by her hand, and then, after having to wait an entire lifetime that had been filled with impatient curiosity, finally be able to savor this unmatched delicacy. From that day forward, she would be afforded all the privileges that came with being a "woman", and the mounted head and sex organs of her first conquest would serve as a permanent and exciting reminder of the way in which she had achieved this esteem status.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When the first "crop" of males reached nineteen, the long wait finally came to an end - the time to begin "harvesting" had arrived. For the majority of males receiving this fate, it would be met by a return to what had been done years earlier with women of the general public slaying them with a bow and arrow and then proceeding to butcher the still warm body of their victim - all before an audience of enthusiastic female spectators. But, it would now be done with far greater efficiency in facilities specifically designed to make the experience highly enjoyable and exciting for both the participants and viewing public while, at the same time, enabling ample production to be achieved.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was in this manner that "processing plants" came into existence of the type that a stunned John would discover in the distant future - "processing plants" that bore no resemblance to any that had carried such a name in the past. Years of study had gone into designing these facilities in which every feature was carefully planned to create a desired effect. The building exteriors were architectural masterpieces that gave an outward impression of being a museum or an important cultural center. All were located on spacious, well kept, grounds of rolling lawns, large trees, and winding walks leading to formal yet peaceful gardens containing brightly colored flowers.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The reason of going to such lengths was not for the purpose of trying to disguise the fact that death would be taking place within, but to convey the subconscious impression that this death would be far different from that associated with other forms. This would be death occurring in peaceful, tranquil surroundings void of any depressing atmosphere. This would be death that did not require strong feelings of resentment to be accepted. This would be death that was unimportant. This would be death that had official sanction. This would be death that would fulfill a valid need that was clearly intended. This would be death that could be enjoyed.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A great deal of effort had also been put forth in designing the interiors to insure that the death taking place within would indeed be enjoyed. Every aspect of what would take place was aimed at creating specific emotions in a carefully planned sequence. The beautiful and peaceful exterior surroundings would create a relaxing atmosphere to put arriving visitors at ease and bring forth comfortable feelings of belonging. It would be in this frame of mind that they would enter a spacious lobby and then proceed into a wide corridor to be greeted by the sight of a long row of naked, bleeding, freshly slain males hanging upside-down from a slow moving and jerking conveyor.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The first reactions would be those of amusement primarily caused from watching limp sex organs humiliate themselves to the fullest extent possible by constantly jiggling, flipping, and jouncing before the eyes of members of the opposite sex. But, other emotions would also begin to stir in which the strongest would be growing feelings of pride and sexual arousal that would become more intense when proceeding to yet another location and watching the sex organs of other freshly slain males being taunted and humiliated and the bodies then being butchered by fellow women in a room well equipped to serve this purpose.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They would then continue and view the resulting meat being cut and packaged for distribution before entering a spacious, brightly lit, arena and join a large female audience sitting in comfort. The awakened emotions of feminine pride and sexual arousal would surge to ultimate heights while being joined by the eerie fascination of witnessing human death occur as naked males were led meekly forth, one after another, to be dramatically slain and humiliated by yet other fellow women dressed in outfits that emphasized their femininity. The exhilarating excitement would be joined by feelings of immense satisfaction at watching what had become limp and lifeless bodies leaving trails of blood while being drug away in and unceremonious manner.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The carefully planed manner in which all of these various operations would be accomplished would not only create extreme enjoyment and excitement for both the viewers and the participates but, of primary importance, would serve to devalue the life of a human male to the fullest extent possible by being subjected to the humility of being slain while naked by the hand of a member of the opposite sex while thousands of others watched, and, after this had had occurred, by having the bodies being shown no dignity whatsoever as they were drug away by the feet and hung upside-down from a jerking conveyor to begin the humiliating journey to their final destination.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;From beginning to end, the slaying, transporting, butchering, and packaging the flesh of human males for food would be conducted in an atmosphere approaching that of a spectator sport that was clearly intended to be enjoyed to the fullest. But, throughout it all, there would be two underlying themes present. The first was that, in spite of the atmosphere, the primary function was that of obtaining meat to be placed on tables. The second theme was to mock, taunt, ridicule and make fun of that which, more than any other, so vividly showed the source of this meat for what it was - showed it to be male.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was a day of great celebration when the "harvestings" began. It started with a ceremonial event in which the Supreme Commander was given the honor of releasing the first arrow as she had done years ago. The event was televised live and shown on large screens in crowed theaters and in packed arenas of countless processing plants which were waiting in readiness. The Supreme Commander was now in her sixties, but her aim was steady and found its mark - bringing forth both instant death and a great cheer that could truly be said was heard around the world. Dr. Carson and Dr. Morgan followed as tribute was paid to the invaluable contributions they had provided in making this day possible.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When the formalities were concluded, full scale "harvesting" began in all of the processing plants &#8211; harvestings that were destined to continue unabated from that day forward. It was in this way that a new world came into being - a world that would know nothing but prosperity - a world that would be filled with joy - a world in which there would be no fear - a world that would forevermore live in peace.









THE FUTURE
By C

PART II
CHAPTER 36
 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The following years saw the worldwide exclusively female population settling happily into a life that could be called almost utopian and, although the same could not be said for their captive counterparts, males were not mistreated and lived with the ignorant contentment of livestock &#8211; something they had truly become.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Older women found that the ignorance took away some of the excitement they had experienced when participating in previous "harvestings". On those earlier occasions, there had been an added thrill and enjoyment in seeing looks of embarrassment fade into panic and then terror as drawn bows were raised. But now, the encounters were met with blank stares in which embarrassment had no meaning as well as fear being absent from being unable to comprehend the facing of impending doom when even seeing deadly arrows being raised. But, nevertheless, these women found that the eerie fascination brought on from having an awareness of being on the verge of both causing and witnessing death coming to naked members of the opposite sex remained strong, and when the arrows struck home, the suddenly lifeless bodies fell and started jerking in the same humiliating manner as before and, in so doing, the surging pride, amusement, and excitement of old returned. The members of the younger generation, upon reaching eighteen, had no such prior experiences to remember and, for them, nothing was lacking. Any previous concerns that these young women, when actually taking human life, might not find themselves being caught up with exhilarating emotions equal to those of the prior generation proved to have no merit.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The intense effort that had been put forth to influence girls, starting at an early age, in such a manner that they found themselves regarding members of the opposite sex as being greatly inferior whose lives were unimportant and deserving of such treatment, had proven to be highly successful and carried forth into this ultimate fate being accepted with enthusiastic approval. This attitude had been aided greatly by the suspenseful curiosity that came from wondering for years what the experience would be like to actually witness males being "harvested" in the flesh instead of watching past events on television which, as expected, proved to be far more fascinating and exciting. And, of equal importance, they were now enjoying the outstanding taste and quality of a meat far superior to any other they had bee served and, in so doing, became convinced that surely nothing could be this delicious unless it was clearly intended to be eaten.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;There was, however, one feature among members of the younger generation that, at times, resulted in a vague stirring of curiosity that became more frequent upon becoming older. Part of their education, upon becoming teenagers, included being told about reproduction. The primary emphasis was placed on describing the function of an egg, but it could not be avoided to discuss, at least to some extent, the part that a male's sperm contributed. But, in this matter, it was pointed out that a sperm was minuscule in size compared to that which it joined. Nothing was told beyond the performing of this basic function which led to the assumption that something so tiny could not possibly do anything more than merely act as a triggering mechanism. It was, after all, the much larger egg produced within the body of a woman that would then begin the process of dividing and undergo the miracle of creating new life and taking human form. But, the mere fact that a male played any role whatsoever in their creation would cause girls to sometimes wonder what the male in their particular case had looked like. Nothing could be done to satisfy this curiosity since all males had been slain and consumed years before the offspring of their frozen semen had even been conceived.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Such, however, would not be the case for girls born of later generations. Males were once again in existence, and, from then on, instead of having to rely on artificial insemination, women could become pregnant in the manner that nature not only intended but emotions instilled in their subconscious strongly desired. In order to ensure that intercourse would result in only females being conceived, a contraceptive was developed that had no effect on female producing sperm but was fatal to their weaker counterparts. Knowing that they had been conceived in a natural manner would result in girls of future generations looking upon their creation as having a great deal of meaning, but it would also make the role of the male far more personal and, in so doing, arouse even more curiosity.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;This would not be of any great significance during childhood but, if allowed to continue upon becoming an adult, would be dwelled upon more and more. It could even become such an extent that women would find themselves beginning to question the very concept that males were truly as inferior as they had been led to believe. The chance of such doubts being created must be prevented if at all possible and, even though it would be years before this potential distraction could arise, a plan was developed that, hopefully, would prevent it from occurring.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Dr. Carson, as she had done on countless other occasions, was responsible for developing the details of this plan also. It called for rather drastic measures being taken, but, in her opinion, such measures could not be avoided. Males selected for female reproduction would be kept alive, and a girl, upon reaching eighteen, would be allowed to face the male whose body had been used to bring forth her conception. But, this encounter would go far beyond merely observing to satisfy a curiosity of seeing what he looked like. This would be the male she would "harvest" in the special ceremony of becoming a "woman".

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The special harvesting", however, would include more than taking a male's life and butchering his body. This would be a "harvesting" in which the very girl that his semen had helped bring forth into the world would show how minor this role had been. In this endeavor, she would prove herself far superior in a way that would clearly demonstrate that not only him, but all males by association, were truly unimportant and unworthy of any concern whatsoever.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It would start with the male being brought out and tied in a standing, spread-eagled, position to the floor and an overhead bar. He would, of course, be naked as he had been his entire life. The girl would enter, dressed in what would become a traditional outfit that both revealed and enhanced her femininity, to stand before and gaze upon him for the first time. His face and physical appearance would, of course, be of interest, but her primary attention would soon become focused on that which had played a role in bringing forth her very existence. For this reason, this part of him would have far more meaning than any of the countless number she would have observed in the past.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The added reality that this of him was destine to become her personal trophy would only serve to make the meaning that much greater. It would also be the first she would touch that was attached to a living body, and, upon reaching out to do this very thing, her excitement would surge in not only discovering a limp softness that was hard to believe, but, also, discovering how exceedingly vulnerable the oval objects which hung below were to pain of such extent that little effort would be needed to bring outcries of distress.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The excitement would soon be joined by growing amusement at the comical manner in which that which showed him for what he was could be played with and taunted with remarkable ease. But the meek manner in which it submitted itself to humiliating and amusing manipulation would also create feelings of disdainful triumph which would be exemplified by driving a knee between widespread legs with such force that the male's knees would buckle while uttering a sudden gasp followed by a loud scream of agony. The ease of bringing such an extreme reaction would cause the disdain to increase even more, and the male would be lashed unmercifully with a whip until his back was crisscrossed with bleeding gashes and his struggles and outcries diminishing until hanging limp with head bowed in submission.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;But, this would not be the end of his torment. The defeat would go far beyond. When he had been given sufficient time to recover he would be given an injection that would cause an erection to occur, and, in seeing it in the state in which it had entered her mother years earlier, the girl's interest would be renewed. She would again begin to examine and, with increasing excitement, discover that in becoming rigid it not only allowed itself to be ridiculed to a much greater extent, but that it resulted in it also becoming extremely vulnerable to pain. The intensity of being enthusiastically, slapped, bent, and twisted would bring outcries and struggles that would grow in magnitude until no more could be endured and the male would once again hang limp in which not only his head would this time be bowed in defeat, but that which had been the object of attack and, in so doing, loosing much of its stiffness.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;As decisive as this defeat would be, however, it would not match what was still to come. Another injection would be given that would be of a concentration to not only cause another erection to occur, but one that would be strutted to the fullest extent possible giving the flared head with its gaping hole the appearance of having become enraged from being treated in such a degrading and humiliating manner. But, as was the case in so many other ways, outward appearance is all that it would be. It would be helpless to prevent once again submitting to being lifted and turned in different directions as a renewed interest in seeing it in such an extreme state brought forth yet another curious examination.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;And, when meekly allowing the curiosity to be satisfied, it could do nothing when the girl moved behind and reached between spread legs but permit itself to be grasped firmly by delicate, feminine hands and be pulled sharply downward. At this point, it would finally try to resist, but it would be unable to keep from gradually starting to yield when the girl intensified her effort and started pulling it toward her with all her strength until the swollen head was pointing its inverted gaping hole backward and directly toward her triumphant face. It would have also be unable to keep from putting forth an excruciating pain that would cause its owner, even in his still dazed condition, to cry out in extreme agony far exceeding any uttered previously. And, when it had been pulled back to the fullest extent possible, it would be unable to keep from being twisted sideways with such force that it would bring a pain exceeding the limits of endurance and, in so doing, cause a final shriek of agony eclipsing all others and resulting in the male body to which it was attached to slump into unconsciousness.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It would be in this way that a girl would achieve an exciting an triumphant victory by bringing total defeat to that of the male which had brought forth her very creation. Everything she would do to him would play an important role, but it would be this final act, using nothing but the strength of her hands that, by far, would show this part of him for what it was and, in so doing, demonstrate submitting to a superiority of such magnitude that it could not be denied.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The male would be allowed to regain sufficient consciousness to be able to stand. He would then be released from the restraints, and to prevent trying to flee from fear of being subjected to additional pain, his feet would be bound and his hands tied behind his back. But, there would be no additional pain, and any throbbing that might still linger would vanish as an arrow plunged through his heart.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The lightheaded exhilaration that, in performing this act, the now recognized woman would still be feeling from the physical conquest she had achieved would surge as she experienced the fascination and excitement of achieving the most ultimate and degrading conquest of all. Her mind would be even more in a daze when she would later stand back to look at the results of her handiwork and gaze with ecstatic pride at two halves of a skinned, inert carcass bearing little resemblance to what a short while earlier had been a the body of a living male withering in pain and crying out in agony.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;In her lifetime, she would experience the thrill of "harvesting" hundreds of males, but none would be as meaningful or exciting even though much of the first experience would later seem to have occurred in a dream. But, the mounted head of "her male and that of him which she had defeated so decisively mounted beneath, standing erect one again, and in so doing, being subjected to further humiliation would serve as a permanent and vivid reminder that it had indeed not been a dream. The stretched hide of a human torso in which curly hair and small nipples clearly showed it to have come from a male - bearing numerous scars and a hole in the left breast &#8211; would only serve to emphasize this fact.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Whenever being gazed upon, feelings of immense pride would come forth, and she would find herself reliving the excitement and again experiencing the countless exhilarating emotions that had been created on the eventful day she had become a "woman" and, in so doing, had proven herself to be a far superior being. She would gaze at the vacant look on the face and remember how simple it had been to make it grimace in agony and cry out in pain. She would look at the stretched hide and remember how it had jerked and struggled in a fruitless attempt to avoid lashes that left the vivid scars which still showed.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Her attention, however, would soon become focused on that which had played a role in bringing forth her very existence and&nbsp; remember the manner it had proven to be greatly inferior by meekly allowing itself to be manipulated, humiliated, and defeated by her hand with such remarkable ease - both in life - and in death. Vivid images would flash in her mind and, in so doing, create once again the immense, exhilarating pride and fascination she had experienced in proving such high superiority over that which was the very essence of identifying him for what he was.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She would also remember the excitement, pride, and emotions she had experienced in the final and most decisive way of all in which she had proven herself superior to this part which not only showed him for what he was, but had brought forth her own creation - that of cooking and eating his penis and testicles and, in so doing, cause their ultimate destiny being consumed and transformed into becoming flesh of a female body whose very life they had begun - a body that was her own. The fact that she would be discovering, for the first time, how unbelievably delicious this part of a male body actually was would only serve to enhance her excitement.
&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She would remember saving the flared head for last and looking intently at its strutted features while holding it on the end of a fork - her final attention being focused on the gaping hole from which juices would still trickle and finding herself picturing thick streams of white liquid squirting from it deep within her mother's vagina in the same manner she had forced it to do when squeezing the internal glands that had stored this uniquely male fluid within his body - then, closing her eyes and putting that which had proven to be the most exciting of all in her mouth, tasting the juices flooding forth as she began to chew, and, in so doing, experiencing the thrill of savoring what was truly the most fantastically delicious delicacy that could possibly be imagined. A small segment of each testicle and the root would have been given to her mother since they had played a role, even if very minor, in both of their lives.
&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;In the weeks that followed a great deal more of the male would be destined to become part of not only her body, but also that of her mother as the two of them shared the remainder of him until nothing would be left except for what was proudly displayed on the living room wall.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It would be in this manner that girls born in future generations would become a "woman" upon reaching eighteen and, in the process, would not only be able to satisfy the natural curiosity of wondering what the male that had played a role in her creation had looked like, but would eliminate any concerns that might have otherwise lingered in their subconscious. Dr. Carson had felt confident that what she had devised would prove to be highly successful even though it would require causing a great deal of pain being inflicted - something the went against the basic nature of everything it meant to be a woman.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The members of future generations would retain all that went with being a woman in spite of the enormity that would be taking place around them. Their basic nature would not be lost even for males since, regardless of how unimportant males might come to be looked upon, they would be viewed as being living creatures and, as such, not deserving of needless cruelty. But, although what was being planed would indeed be cruelty, it would not be viewed as being needless.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;This would be cruelty that would serve a valid cause and, if an exciting atmosphere was created at the same time - could actually be enjoyed. Finding a means that would enable young women to gain an understanding of their inner-selves and, in so doing, experience a richer and fuller life would surely provide heartfelt justification, and the method devised would create an atmosphere that would bring forth enthusiastic excitement for all in attendance - with the exception of the male - of course.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Girls would not be told of the special manner in which they would become a "woman" until reaching sixteen. At this age they would be mature enough to not only grasp the reason behind the inner unrest they had been experiencing, but gain an understanding of how what they were going to do would enable these feelings to be brought out in the open in a manner that would rid them forever. In addition, knowing the details of the exciting way in which they would become a "woman" would create a great deal of anticipation that would grow in intensity.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When the eventful day finally arrived, they would be so caught up with enthusiasm that hearing the first utterances of pain being caused by their hand would act an elixir and make their excitement surge to unbounded heights. The resulting enthusiasm would lead to achieving a humiliating conquest so total and devastating that, in having succumbed to it with such ease, the defeated male would be viewed as surely being of no significance - regardless of whatever minor role he might have played in bringing forth the conception of that which had, in such a decisive manner, proven to be vastly superior.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The special harvestings" would not be attended by girls since many would lack the maturity to fully comprehend the reasons for action being taken that was so contrary to a female&#8217;s basic nature being taken and, therefore, could be influenced the wrong way. But, women would understand. It would be looked upon as fulfilling a valid need and, in so doing, view it as something that could be enjoyed with excitement and enthusiasm. Such emotions would be especially strong for the mother and close friends who would be feeling a special warmth and joy toward the girl that would be in the process of becoming a woman.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The policy would require holding the males in captivity until reaching middle-age, but their numbers would be sufficiently small to enable being isolated in secure facilities. Their semen would be "milked" daily in the same manner as other males to prevent becoming restless, but, after fulfilling the purpose for which they had been selected, they would never again be used sexually. The pain they would be forced to endure at the end would be severe, but it would also be brief. Dr. Carson considered this fate a small price to pay for being allowed to live far longer than the vast majority of other members of the male sex.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When the new processing plants began operation, the policy of using members of the general population to conduct the activities resulted in women getting the opportunity to slay a male and butcher his body on a regular basis. In the course of a lifetime, this would amount to hundreds, and such a large number made it impractical to mount the head and sex organs of each one as a personal trophy. It was still desired, however, to retain something that would serve as a permanent reminder, and this was done by taking the pubic hair of all subsequent males to be put on the wall next to the trophy of the one that had been the first and most memorable. The growing number of triangular bushy haired pelts not only added a great deal of pride and excitement to the display, but enabled keeping a tally of the number of personal triumphs that had been achieved.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Displays, however, were not limited to only those that were personal in nature. In addition to the female population observing males being raised as livestock on ranches and experiencing the excitement of seeing the manner in which this livestock was being "harvested for food, the female population would find themselves being so surrounded and inundated with graphic evidence of the way in which members of the opposite sex were being treated that it would be viewed as nothing more that a routine way of life.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;This was accomplished, in part, by using what had already proven to be highly successful by making a abundance of framed photographs available and having television channels specifically designated to provide exciting coverage that could be viewed at any time. But, it did not stop at this point. The primary goal was to use every means to find exciting ways to degrade and humiliate males to the fullest extent possible while, at the same, showing them to be of far different from their female counterparts in terms of value. In striving to reach this goal, the most effective method was to make exhibits out of stuffed bodies being put on public display in a casual manner as though they were nothing more than everyday decor.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;This was how the enormous magnitude and variety of what a stunned and bewildered John would find himself being confronted with got its beginning although, compared to the enormity he would observe, it started off being greatly limited in scope. "Processing plants" were designed for butchering and packaging meat to be taken directly to markets and had no means for handling bodies in a manner that would enable exhibits being made. The latter required a different type of facility entirely, and, although the flesh could still be used for food, the process was a great deal more involved and time consuming.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The huge burden of raising males, the cattle and other types of food needed to feed them, and all else that needed to be done fell on the shoulders of the adult female population which, at this time, was relatively small. The demand resulted in resources being stretched to the limit, but getting started at least to some extent was considered to be a high priority, and, as had been the case for so much else, a means was found to construct and operate a limited number of the special facilities.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Since the output of these facilities would be small it was important that the exhibits being produced be of a type that would not only have the greatest impact but, at the same time, would be the most enjoyable and exciting to look at. It did not require a great deal of thought to decide how this would be done &#8211; bodies would be stuffed in their entirety with penises fully erect.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The method for slaying males to be used for this purpose, however, required a great deal of thought. Since they were going to be stuffed whole in manner that would make them look natural it was desirable that the bodies not have any visible wounds. Various means such as lethal injection, poison gas, suffocating, or drowning would achieve this result, but all were ruled out. Like any other activity, the facilities would be open to the public, and, since it included males being slain, it was important that it be done in a humiliating manner caused by the direct act of a woman's hand. The restrictions proved to cause a dilemma until a method was devised that would not only fulfill the requirements but would be extremely amusing and enjoyable to watch.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The procedure involved lining up a row of males facing a waist high bar where their feet were tied on one side and ropes put around their hands that were then pulled down on the opposite side forcing the males to bend over until they were left dangling with buttocks pointing upward. As soon as they were in this humiliating position, several women started moving from opposite directions down the line while pausing at each victim to reach back and pick up a long, thin bladed sword from a rack that was behind them. Then, using two hands, the sword was raised and, after inserting the sharp point into the conveniently offered anus at an angle pointing toward the heart, the hands were thrust down with full force bringing instant death.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The women would proceed in this manner and, with each procedure requiring only a few seconds, they would soon meet leaving a row of lifeless but jerking bodies hanging over the bar. The handles of swords protruding from upraised buttocks added a great deal of enjoyment and amusement to what was indeed a humiliating spectacle.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When all motion ceased the swords were withdrawn, and, after being released from the restraints, the limp bodies were hoisted by the feet to hang upside-down from an overhead conveyor that carried them into the processing facility. Once inside, they were lowered on tables where skilled taxidermists proceeded to remove the hides in their entirety after making only a single incision down the back of the neck and spine.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was in this way that the stuffed bodies of naked males in varying poses began appearing in ever increasing numbers in public places until they became a common sight. Observing members of the opposite sex being put on display in such a degrading yet casual manner served to provide the desired effect of enhancing the viewpoint that males were indeed truly inferior whose lives were vastly different to the point of being regarded as having no sanctity whatsoever. The penises being in a rigid state also brought forth other reactions that were desired by serving the dual purpose of being smugly viewed with laughing amusement while, at the same time, arousing deep seated feminine instincts and excitement.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The strain on available resources began to ease dramatically when older members of the new female generation started entering the work force at such a rate that it not only soon doubled in size, but continued to swell at a rapid rate. The growth meant no longer having to postpone undertaking countless projects that, although not critical, were desired to make life more comfortable and enjoyable ranging from constructing new industry and commercial enterprises to building parks and recreational facilities.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Of even greater importance, however, the increased work force enabled constructing and staffing additional "hatcheries" and "ranches" so that a much greater number of males could be produced and raised to not only meet the future demands of a female population that would continue to grow, but to increase quantity of meat per capita so that it could become an abundance reaching the point of no longer needing to be regulated. The one exception would be the sex organs which were destined to always be controlled due to it being the only way of insuring that all women would receive an equal share of this unmatched and most desired delicacy.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Years passed into decades, and the manner in which males were being treated as livestock to be slain for food not only was indeed increasingly viewed as a normal way of life, but one that was truly intended. This outlook became even stronger among members of later female generations that were not only born in such an environment but exposed to it at such a degree that the influence was not only ingrained deep within their subconscious, but the only way of life they had ever known. For them, members of the opposite sex were truly regarded as being merely a subspecies whose sole purpose was to be used in providing for the needs and enjoyment of their vastly superior female counterparts.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The spirit of kinship and fierce pride of being female also continued unabated. Petty bickering and jealousies that had been distracting features among female populations from bygone eras never returned. There was also an absence of greed, dishonesty, or crime which served to prove that such misdeeds committed by women in earlier times had been caused from negative influences of a world controlled by males that was, in fact, contrary to their basic nature.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When the world-wide female population reached five billion it was stabilized, and, from that point on, women started having only one daughter to keep the number at this size. The male population, however, continued to expand until it exceeded what could be used for food. The purpose of the excess, however, was not to "harvest" the bodies but to "harvest" only that which hung between the legs. Such was the extent of the desire to enjoy this supreme delicacy far more often, and such was also the manner in which males had come to be looked upon with such little value that being slain solely so that this of them could be taken caused no concern whatsoever. And besides, it wasn't as if the excess flesh would go to waste. Pets became extremely popular causing a high demand for meat to feed dogs and cats, and the remainder was simply chopped up and mixed with beef to be fed raw to males on ranches".

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The continued growth in the male population resulted in changes being made in the more secure ranches where males showing violent tendencies were being placed. It had been observed that the degree of aggressiveness varied in which it seldom occurred in some while others were repeat offenders and more difficult to control. This resulted in further separation with males in the latter group being placed in ranches where security was increased according to the degree needed. Males committing bodily harm to others were placed in maximum security facilities that where staffed with enough trained women to ensure maintaining order.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When the point was reached where the size of the male population exceeded the number whose bodies were needed for food, many of the women in authority advocated that simply slaying males who committing excessive violence would be more expedient than maintaining the maximum security facilities. Such a policy was almost implemented until it was suggested that being fed to lions would be a far more deserving fate. Taped replays of such events that had occurred years before had remained exceedingly popular, and, in realizing that it would be far more exciting to see it taking place live, the suggestion was quickly adopted.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was in this manner that female audiences being given the opportunity to observe males falling victim to enraged lionesses in large outdoor arenas was revived. The mere fact that the males were guilty of committing acts of violence, even if only to other males, was all that was needed for the policy to be eagerly accepted. Since it would be far more entertaining and exciting to watch males that were physically mature receiving this fate, those committing acts of excessive violence were kept in the maximum security facilities until reaching the age of eighteen.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When the events were resumed, it was gleefully noted that being ignorant to the point of falling to recognize impending danger from a drawn bow and arrow was far from being the case when being confronted by large, savage looking beast. The males would instinctively start running in panic, and female audiences once again found themselves experiencing exhilarating excitement and amusement at the sight of naked males fleeing in terror and being struck down with fearsome, and often comical, savagery. The excitement and amusement were only enhanced by observing the wild and humiliating antics taking place in thick, triangular shaped patches of hair &#8211; both before and after death.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Greatly increasing the size of the male population also provided a steadily growing number whose bodies could be used for not only making more and more displays of numerous types, but for making an increasing variety of other items. The growth in the ranks of the female work force made resources available to construct and operate numerous additional facilities to be used for this purpose. And, used they were in numerous ways that, in time, would led to the enormity that John would encounter - an enormity of such magnitude that everyplace he went he found himself being confronted with countless displays and items made from the bodies of human males in general, and sex organs in particular, in every possible manner that could be conceived.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was this enormity that proved to have the final impact that resulted in an all female world coming to view males in the manner that Dr. Carson had envisioned and, in so doing, living in a happy and carefree society going beyond even her wildest hopes of being reality. With such an enormity, however, it would have been almost impossible for them to have done otherwise. They were born in a environment where members of the opposite sex were not only raised as livestock to be openly slain for food, but for also using hides in almost infinite ways ranging from being stuffed for making elaborate public displays, such as the fountains he had observed, being stuffed in countless other ways either in entirety of in part, to being used to make clothing and everyday commonly used household items and ornaments - even to the extent of using the flared heads of penises as knobs on cabinets and drawers. The using of live males to excitedly fulfill sexual desires only served as a highly enjoyable enhancement.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;In women's minds, surely, such would not be taking place unless it was fully intended as being a way of life. Surely, such would not be taking place unless there was an inferiority so vast that any comparison of value was not even worthy of thought. This attitude was only solidified by that which came to be viewed as the most inferior of all being that which was the most different of all and vividly showed males to be what they truly were - the penis. It was the penis that proved to be a succulent delicacy almost beyond imagination. It was the penis that seemed almost eager to allow itself, both in life and in death, to be taunted, manipulated, and ridiculed in countless ways that were both comical and enjoyable to observe. It was the penis that was made in a manner that women found not only exciting to look at and to touch, but to be used for bringing exhilarating physical pleasures to the female in a way that it was clearly intended to provide. And, because of all of these things, it was the penis that, more than anything else, was used for being displayed and making countless items in such magnitude that they were a common sight wherever one went.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The passage of time saw males undergoing changes in physical appearance in a manner that only served to enhance the viewpoint that their primary function was to be used for providing food. Shoulders, chest, buttocks, and thighs became increasingly meatier and, of even more importance, a marked improvement in the endowment of that which was, by far, the most desired. It did not hurt in the least that such features added a great deal of subconscious appeal which not only made males more exciting to both look at and enjoy physically, but added to the pride and exhilarating fascination of seeing them falling hapless victims to fellow women that were much smaller in statue and then being subjected to degrading humiliation.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The changes in physical appearance was a direct result of the selective breeding practices that had been undertaken in which expansion of the female population enabled the practice to be used to the fullest possible advantage. The growth resulted in such a large supply of eggs being collected that it enabled being highly selective in using only those containing desired genetic characteristics. These were put in solutions causing them to divide hundreds of times and then fertilized by sperm that had been screened for having equally desired characteristics. In addition, some of the divided eggs from each lot were frozen so that the process could be repeated over and over by simply continuing to freeze yet more freshly divided eggs each time.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was in this manner that a stockpile of frozen eggs was amassed of such magnitude that it could be used for producing males indefinitely from that point on. The purpose of creating the stockpile was not done for convenience even though it amounted to such. It was done so that women of future generations would have no personal connection whatsoever in producing members of the opposite sex and, in so doing, eliminate any last obstacle that could stand in the way of being able to view males as vastly different from themselves - especially in terms of having human value.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The passage of time also resulted in physical changes taking place among the members of the female population as well. The practice of using only males with desirable genetic characteristics for breeding resulted in developing female populations that were not only void of birth defects and serious illnesses, but other undesirable features that effected health such as obesity or being to thin.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The vast majority of the female population was not even aware that this was being done. The selections were made by women involved medical and scientific fields who were the only ones aware that a sperm did far more than merely activate an egg. It goes without saying that these scientific women knew the immense value of remaining silent.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The criteria for the selections, however, went even farther. It was considered folly not to take advantage of the vast knowledge gained in genetic science and refine the choosing of males used for female reproduction to those possessing traits conducive to developing the female form ranging from bone structure and complexion to full breast and soft, feminine curves. There was, however, nothing vain in the motive for going to such lengths that would lead to creating outstanding beauty among members of future female generations. Being highly attractive not only enhanced feeling good about one's self, but it served to emphasize even more the proud awareness of being a woman.









THE FUTURE
By C

PART II
CHAPTER 37
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I the years that followed, the way of life that had come into existence became, for the vast majority of an all female world, the only one ever known. Any suggestion that it should be changed would have been laughed at as being ridiculous. Why change a world that lived in peace and without fear? Why change a world that was filled with excitement, happiness, and prosperity? Why change a world in which women had everything they could possibly want?

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; And, in women's minds, not only did they indeed have everything they could possibly want, but, in addition, found themselves experiencing a satisfying contentment that was highly fulfilling. The fact that they understood natural desires and emotions and made no attempt to suppress them played no small part in creating the deep self-confidence that lay behind this contentment. They understood that it was "only human" to be fascinated by death when it occurred under acceptable circumstances and were, therefore, able to enjoy experiencing this fascination to the fullest while, at the same time, experiencing the erotic excitement of observing death coming to naked males.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Of even more importance, however, women understood the strong influence of their sexual passions and accepted them for what they were and, in so doing, experienced none of the anxieties or stress that suppressing these desires had created in women of past times who had not even realized the true cause. But, that was no longer the case. Women understood and accepted that it was only normal for them to enjoy looking at the sex organs of members of the opposite sex and felt no self-consciousness whatsoever in openly staring and admiring these prominent symbols of manhood being displayed in countless ways - not only in their homes, but wherever they went. They understood and accepted that their bodies would not have been made to experience highly enjoyable pleasure and excitement from having physical activity with a naked male body unless it was intended for it to be done and, therefore, gave no thought to having frequent intercourse with a male whose penis, although unconscious, became extremely responsive when being fondled. In fact, women were able to understand and accept sexual desires with such openness that not only did they feel no hesitation to openly masturbate to an organism in public while looking at a display they found to be particularly exciting, but such activity was so commonplace that it went almost unnoticed.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Engaging in sexual activity played such a large part in women's lives that it was extremely rare for them not to experience numerous organisms, brought on in one form or another, during each day that passed. The most commonly used method at home was a vibrator that had an erect penis and bulging scrotum mounted on the handle. The design of this device improved over the years until it was perfected to what John would discover where the rigid vibrating penis, containing actual flesh that, along with the testicles, had been permanently preserved, could be made to jerk and squirt out thick jets of warm semen at a moment of climax.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The extent of the openness to which engaging in sexual activity was accepted was due, in no small part, to the fact that no attempt was made to discourage young daughters discovering the pleasures of masturbating and reaching organisms. The only restraint imposed on girls was to refrain from attempting any type of penetration. The purpose for the restriction was to add a tantalizing appeal toward that which would be the first thing to ever penetrate them on the highly eventful day of becoming a "woman".

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Girls could not only touch stuffed penises on displays and household items as much as they desired, but were even given toys to play with made from their soft skins. But in not being allowed to either eat this delicacy or be used physically in the manner that their female bodies, both consciously and subconsciously, increasingly craved as they grew older instilled an aura of being forbidden fruit which made the desires and curiosity that much greater. In so doing, the restrictions served to enhance viewing this part of the male body as clearly being intended for pleasure and enjoyment. When the long awaited day finally arrived that they became a "woman", and this long denied object could be enjoyed to the fullest, both physically and as a fantastic meal, it had a far greater meaning and excitement than would have been the case if allowed sooner.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The openness with which the female population responded to natural inner-desires revealed that sexual passions in women, when not suppressed, exceeded any that had been felt by males from past eras. But, unlike what had been the case for males, women did not become obsessed by these passions, and although enjoyed to the fullest, it was with a freshness that did not dominate their lives. The caring and compassion that was such a major part of their basic makeup remained unchanged.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The fact that this caring and compassion did not relate to members of the opposite sex who were being slain, by the millions, on a daily basis did not conflict with these basic female emotions in the least. Males being slain in such manner was something that had never been known to be otherwise, and so commonplace that no thought was given that it should be any other way. It was obvious, after all, that the extremely delicious flesh of males was clearly meant to be cooked and eaten which made raising and slaying them for this purpose a valid legitimate need. In so doing, males had truly become livestock in every sense of the word and were viewed as such. Accepting the need of slaying them for food did not conflict with the basic compassion of being women any more than slaying other forms of livestock for this purpose had done for women since the very beginning of the human race. Such it had always been - and such it remained. The fact that males were being used for countless other purposes than merely providing meat only served to enhance this viewpoint.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;In spite of the extent to which human males came to be viewed in terms of being livestock, however, there was no dampening in the excitement that treating them in this manner had created when harvesting them had first begun. If anything, the excitement only increased. Being looked upon as livestock did not prevent women remaining aware that males were members of their own species, and, even though it was in terms of a subspecies of such low intellect that they were, in fact, closely aligned to animals, they were still human - at least in strict biological terms. Not human in terms of the value placed upon life - of course. After all, such could hardly be the case since it was obvious that their clearly intended purpose was to be livestock and, therefore, to be slaughtered as such. But, in so doing, there was also a marked difference. In spite of being highly inferior, being human to some extent set males apart in an intriguing way that, even though their being slaughtered on a massive scale was nothing more that a routine way of life, it created an aura of fascinating excitement that was totally absent when slaughtering cattle or other forms of livestock. And, for this reason, these emotions never decreased - regardless of how commonplace such slaughter had become.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A factor that played an even greater role in keeping such emotions at a high level was the fact that, in addition to recognizing males as members of their own species, women were acutely aware that males were also members of the opposite sex whose bodies were made in a manner to arouse and excite deep seated feminine desires instilled by nature. The openness in which these natural desires and emotions had come to be understood and accepted only served to make the arousal and excitement all the more intense and, therefore, enjoyed to the fullest.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was for this reason that, regardless of how many naked males they had watched being slain in the past, each new occurrence stirred erotic excitement to a fever pitch. It was for this reason that, regardless of how many males they would slay and butcher with their own hand, each new experience brought forth a renewal of exhilarating excitement, tingling fascination, and fierce feminine pride. It was for this reason that, regardless of how many times they looked at countless displays and items that constantly surrounded them, their attention would almost instantly be drawn to that which was most prominent and never failed to hold the greatest interest. It was for this reason that, regardless of how many swollen penises oozing cooked juices they had admired laying on a plate before them and then eaten, they experienced a strange type of fascinating excitement that went far beyond that of merely enjoying a supreme delicacy. And, it was for this reason that, regardless of how many naked bodies of unconscious males they had gazed upon, touched, explored, fondled until becoming aroused, and then used physically, there was no diminishing of what had been found to be the ultimate of sexual excitement, pleasure, and fulfillment.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It caused no conflict in women's minds that the bodies of what they regarded as an inferior subspecies of so little value could, at the same time, create such heightened sexual attraction, desires, and emotions. Such was only considered to be yet another marvel of nature that in not only making the flesh of males of such delicious quality to make it obvious that it was intended for them to be slain and eaten by members of the opposite sex, but also made them in a manner to enable being enjoyed in other ways as well to provide even more reason for males to be kept in existence and, in so doing, be able to fulfill the minor yet necessary role needed to ensure continuance of the human race.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;With the passage of time, many popular traditions in regard to males came into existence. One that became particularly popular was to gather with friends and roast the entire body of one or more males attached to a spit revolving over a glowing bed of red hot coals. On many of these occasions, the males were brought out while still alive where they were then slain and gutted before being skewered. Such events created in a casual atmosphere of sipping drinks and being outdoors with friends that, at the same time, was mixed with the strange fascination of standing in idle enjoyment and watching male, but nerveless somewhat human, bodies whose open eyes gave the appearance of being awake but seemingly oblivious of the steel rods coming out of their mouths or the simmering waves of intense heat that causes the bodies to become moist and then start turning golden brown with dripping juices sizzling and expelling fantastic aromas.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;But, most enjoyable of all, was being in such an atmosphere and experiencing feminine amusement, excitement, and pride that came as a result of watching the activity talking place between spread legs as the spit slowly revolved. These emotions would always increase when limp penises, comically flopping, jiggling, and dangling as bodies turned, began to swell and grow in size until they were sticking out straight and strutted to the fullest extent possible with juices sputtering and spitting from gaping holes. When the juices started turning a milky color, all eyes, sparkling with a tingling of excited anticipation, would become riveted on the swollen shafts, and a loud cheer would then come forth as pressure building within semen filled glands that had been left within pelvic cavities caused jets of this thick white male fluid to spew out again and again with intense force.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The passage of time also saw many things taking place that had nothing to do with males or how they were being treated even though it was not nearly as obvious in outward appearance. The female population found themselves content to keep physical surroundings simple and comfortable. Unlike what had occurred in the past when living under male influence, they were not obsessed with constantly striving to find new and better things, and, for this reason, there was little change in the style of buildings, homes, vehicles, etc, which was why John, upon first arriving, found things looking much the same as from his own time and had jumped to the conclusion that little progress had been made.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;But, John's conclusion had been in error. A great deal of progress had indeed taken place that went beyond the successes achieved in medical and genetic sciences. One of the main areas where this took place was in the environment. Clean burning fuels and other forms of energy were developed, and, in addition, factories and other industry were careful in their manufacturing processes to expel no pollutants, and, with the air and water once again becoming fresh and clean, not only did countless species of plants and wildlife that had been on the verge of extinction rebound and begin to thrive, but served to make the health of the female population even more vibrant to point that the average life span went beyond a hundred years of age.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Such longevity, however, was not the case for the women that had survived the war and whose heroic and valiant efforts had brought it to an end. These women did not have the benefit of scientific advancement and their life spans were what would have been considered normal during the era into which they had been born. The ability to treat and cure serious illnesses, however, kept most deaths from being premature, and the majority of these women lived well into their eighties. But, still, the time came when the last of them passed away and, in so doing, brought an end to any woman remaining alive that had a firsthand awareness of living in a world that had been controlled by males.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was a day of great mourning when the subdued announcement was made that the Supreme Commander had died at the age of eighty six. Throughout the remainder of her life, she had continued being held in high esteem, and her passing only intensified this respect to the point of almost approaching reverence. It remained common knowledge that without her vast wisdom, leadership, and courage that an all female society living together in peace would have never come into existence. Because of this, she was destined to be remembered as the greatest of all champions who exemplified everything of what it meant to be a woman. Framed portraits of her became numerous, and, of these, there was one in particular in which the expression on her face seemed to capture all that she had been and, therefore, became increasingly popular until it was almost the only one used.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was this portrait that John had observed so frequently and been struck by the look on her face - a look of intelligence and a self-confidence that was capable of making difficult decisions but, at the same time, that of a woman containing deep kindness and compassion. It was this same portrait that John had also observed being prominently displayed in the lobby of the "Hill Street Processing Plant", but, this time, with a set of male sex organs hanging upside-down in a degrading and humiliating manner from the top corners of the frame.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The features had struck John as strongly indicating that the woman had played an important role in whatever had occurred that led to bringing about the unbelievable manner in which members of his own sex were being treated. The plaque above the picture that contained an artificial, but highly realistic looking, mounted head and sex organs of a young man whose erect penis was much smaller than any he had seen all day which strongly indicated a male coming from an earlier time only served to reinforce this impression. In so doing, it struck him as being such a sharp contrast to her look of kindness and compassion that it left him completely baffled.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;John had no awareness that the display which confused him to such an extent was duplicated in all lobbies of thousands of "processing plants" throughout the world.&nbsp; And, the impression he had been given was indeed what had been intended except that he did not grasp the full intent of what was being portrayed. The mounted head and sex organs were an exact replica of the original trophy that had made from Tom who had not only been slain by the woman pictured in the portrait, but, in so doing, had been the very first male to be "harvested" in what proved to be the beginning of the world that was to come.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;(As a point of interest, the original trophy was on display in a prominent museum that viewed it as being its most prized possession. Taking a trip to view it at least once during their lifetime became a high priority for almost all women of every generation regardless of what part of the world they lived, and, at the time of John&#8217;s arrival in this future female society, Tom's mounted head and sex organs had been observe and examined in detail by the eyes of billions upon billions of members of his opposite sex which was, by far, more than that of any other male in history.)

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The sex organs hanging upside-down at the corners of the portrait in a degrading manner that gave the impression of being humbled in presence of this great woman was intended to symbolize not only the overthrow of males, for which she had been the driving force, but also the major role that she had played in bringing forth the action that would lead to them, from that point on, being humbled, to the fullest extent possible, both by and before members of the opposite sex.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;In viewing the displays being associated with the portrait, contrary to John's reaction, women saw no conflict whatsoever in the look of kindness and compassion being registered on the Supreme Commander's face, and, when fully understood, such was indeed the case. In spite of the indifference in which she, like all others, came to look upon males, these noble traits within her that, even for a woman were extreme, remained undiminished up to the day that was her very last.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The first centennial anniversary of the remarkably successful revolution was a day of great festivity throughout the world. Women flocked to gaily decorated parks where rows of male bodies attached to rotating spits were being roasted over beds of glowing coals. The crowds were so large that the sounds of resounding cheers erupting when boiling semen started spewing from strutted shafts were so loud that they could be heard far away. When darkness came, after gorging until nothing more could be eaten, excited crowds watched the air being filled with spectacular fireworks and, upon being concluded, returned to their homes feeling an exhilarating sense of pride and thankfulness that women had found both the courage and the means to bring forth a world of peace and tranquility - a world in which males no longer roamed free to commit barbaric deeds but were, instead, being treated in the manner that had obviously been intended from the start.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The belief that males no longer roamed free upon the earth, however, was not entirely true. The colonies that had been formed in rugged and remote areas during the war and had remained in hiding afterward upon discovering what was taking place, had not only continued to survive, but had increased in number. The reason for establishing more colonies was to keep the size of each remaining small and, thereby, easier to conceal. But, in so doing, nothing could be done about the growing number increasing the chance of at least a few being discovered. The tactic had proven to be successful for the first hundred years, and, during this time, women of the outside world remained oblivious to their very existence.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Due to the increased number, the chance of one being discovered finally came. It was only a short time after the start of the second century that one of the colonies was observed at a distance by a group of women from an explorer club that had gone backpacking in a mountainous region. It created a great deal of both surprise and concern to authorities when the excited women returned and reported their finding that was supported by undeniable photographic evidence - photographs taken through a telescopic lens showing a cleverly concealed primitive looking community in which adult and young males, dressed in clothing made from animal skins, were lounging, playing, or going about various activities. And, if this wasn't enough of a shock, there were also women and girls dressed in similar attire apparently living with the males as though considering them to actually be equal.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The discovery of such a community was almost beyond belief, but, regardless, there was one thing that was certain - its existence could not be allowed to continue. Trying to decide how to go about it being eliminated, however, created problems. The only type of security forces that remained were those stationed at ranches, but the function of these units was to control males that became unruly, and they had no training in how to go about conducting a military style operation in which both quick action and the element of surprise would be needed. Without these skills, there would be a significant danger of casualties being suffered by not only the attackers, but also the women and girls living in the community.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;In spite of the dangers, it was decided that an attack must be made. After a brief period of training, a force of armed women selected from the best of the security personnel surrounded the community under the cover of darkness. All forms of firearms had been disposed of years earlier, and the only weapons they possessed were tranquilizer guns used to stop unruly scuffles that threatened to get out of control. The tranquilizer darts however, ware fast acting which would render a male unconscious in only a few seconds. At first light, the signal was given to enter as stealthy as possible, and, in spite of only minimal training, the attack was a remarkable success with no injuries being suffered - even among the adult males of which most had been asleep and remained so after being quickly shot. Since younger males posed no danger they were simply rounded up with the dazed and bewildered female members of the colony.
 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The women and girls were treated with kindness and told that they were in no danger. It came as quite a surprise that the assurances not only did little to calm reactions of grief and hysteria, but that the anguish was primarily from distress being felt for the males who, after regaining consciousness, had been herded into a group with hands tied behind their backs.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The commander of the expedition found it difficult to grasp the sight of fellow females actually showing concern for males. She had not known exactly what to expect - but, surely not this. When some of the members of her unit started to take the young males with the intention of putting them with the adults the reactions of the captive women suddenly changed from being grief stricken into displays of open hostility. They surrounded the young males and picked up sticks and rocks while yelling that they would have to be killed before any of these bitches touched their sons and, although the words bitches or sons had no meaning, there was little doubt as to who they were referring. 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The commander&#8217;s previous surprise turned into total bewilderment. Witnessing women threatening violence toward other women was beyond her ability to comprehend, and she immediately called a halt to trying to separate the young males. They posed no immediate threat, and she decided to allow them to remain with the women and let others of higher rank decide their fate.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The sound arriving helicopters filled the air, and it was not long afterward that the women captives with their children, both female and male, were loaded on the crafts that quickly departed the area. Until this had occurred, no further action been taken against the adult males due to the grief the women had shown for them, but action became swift when the helicopters lifted off.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The first order of business was to start ripping off the animal skin clothing until the males were as they should be &#8211; completely naked. When this activity began it brought forth yet another surprise. Up to this point the captives, bound hand and foot, had been so stunned and afraid that they stood in meek silence. But for many, especially those that were older, this changed when their clothing started being torn off and brought forth utterances of both protest and rage.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It had been know that the males possessed at least some rudimentary degree of intelligence, but, in spite of this, it came as a shock to not only hear them actually speaking, but, in so doing, to be expressing themselves in a manner that was quite fluent and showed an intelligence going far beyond anything that had been contemplated. The extent of this surprise, however, did not prevent a great deal of feminine giggling and laughter coming forth when seeing that the size of exposed sex organs matched the smallness of the male&#8217;s physical physiques.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The laughter caused the faces of the now naked captives to turn red with embarrassment, and, although the reaction added to the amusement, it showed even more depth to the degree of intelligence. The original plan had been to eliminate the males by slaying them on the spot, but, upon making the surprising and somewhat disturbing discovery that they had intelligence far greater than anticipated, the commander decided to take them back instead to enable being observed and examined by those of higher authority.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When the expedition returned, the women of higher authority also found themselves being surprised and disturbed upon discovering the degree of intelligence that the captured males possessed. These reactions, however, were soon overshadowed by something that caused far greater concern. The search made of what had given the outward appearance of being a primitive community had uncovered documents written in a style that was not primitive in the least. Some of the documents were historical records going all the way back to the war which described how the colony came into existence.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;But, of far greater importance, the records revealed that, over the years, groups of young adult males and females had periodically left to establish other such colonies to lessen the risk of discovery, and it could only be assumed that the colonies formed in this manner had later done likewise so the total number could not even be determined. And, to make matters worse, once it was understood how the original colony had been established there was valid reason to believe that others could have done the same during the war and then increased in number in a like manner. If this was indeed the case, they could be in existence in remote regions throughout the entire world.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The realization that, instead of just one colony, there could be an unknown number living in remote areas caused a great deal of concern. It did not matter that these colonies had gone to such great lengths to keep their existence unknown, that over a hundred years had passed before one had finally been discovered. Not only was the very thought of any males whatsoever roaming free was considered to be intolerable, but their numbers had been growing over the years and, if allow to continue, might someday reach a point of becoming a threat capable of posing grave danger.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Something had to be done. It would be a painstakingly slow operation, but the colonies must be located, one by one, and the males living within eliminated until, hopefully, the time would eventually come when none would remain. A great deal of planning went into deciding how this would be done. The only way of searching vast rugged and remote areas was to start flying over them in grids and take aerial photographs that could be studied in detail for any sign of habitation which could then be investigated from the ground.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Special strike forces would be trained in tactics that would not only put the attackers in the least amount of danger possible, but also the female inhabitants. The magnitude of remote regions was so extensive that it would take years to cover them all even one time, but there was no other option available. And, one time would surely not be enough - it would have to be done again and again.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It did not require a great deal of consideration to decide what would be done to the adult males that had been captured as well as those being also captured when searches began. For some unknown reason, there had begun to be a decline in the number of males having to be put in maximum security facilities for committing acts of excessive violence, and, as a result, there had been a decrease in what had become an extremely popular spectator sport of watching males being set upon by lionesses in large outdoor arenas. It was not only considered highly fitting that males captured in the wild should be dealt with in this manner, but it would serve to add to what had become a declining yet highly enjoyable activity.

  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Deciding what to do with the women, girls and young males taken from the community, however, was not a simple matter. It had been found that no amount of explanations given to the women could change attitudes that remained defiant &#8211; especially when it came to allowing the male youths to be taken from them. And, this produced an extreme dilemma. With such hostile attitudes being displayed by these women, it would be unthinkable to allow them to become members of the general population, but at the same time, they were fellow females, and any thought of them being denied freedom was simply out of the question.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A solution to the dilemma, however, was found. A plush, resort type community would be constructed on a large, deserted south sea island where the females from the captured colony would be taken to live out their lives in comfort. The women would even allowed to keep their young males after being fixed in the same manner as dogs and cats to ensure reproduction would not occur. All basic needs that the inhabitants could not provide for themselves would be periodically furnished, but, beyond this, no outside contact would be made. The policy would remain in force from that point on.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When the searches began, the method proved to be successful with one remote colony after another being discovered and captured on a regular basis. But, many missed being detected and, upon discovering that neighboring colonies had been attacked, grew extremely wary and became even more skillful in developing clever methods of concealment. As time went on, although the numbers had been greatly reduced, it became apparent that the goal to eliminate them all could only be achieved by continuing the searches and maintaining the strike forces indefinitely which would still be in existence in the future era that John would be taken.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The discovery of colonies in which males roamed free, and the action taken to search out and eliminate them, however, had no effect on the way of life taking place in the outside world - a world that was an all female world in spite of being outnumbered by members of the opposite sex by almost a hundred and fifty to one at any given time - a world that lived in peace and harmony.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;This did not mean, however, that it was a world in which there was no violence. Such could hardly be said when human males were violently slain in countless number every day that passed. But, this violence was of a far different nature than had ever existed during the thousands of years of past eras in which males had been in control. This was violence in which there was no destruction. This was violence that although it resulted in death on a massive scale, it was death in which there was no pain or suffering. And, in spite of the fact that it had become a world in which the sole purpose of males was to be used by women in countless ways going far beyond any in which women had previously been used by males, there was a great difference here also - males were used, but they were not misused - and it was here that the difference lay.









THE FUTURE
By C

PART II
CHAPTER 38
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Such was the world into which Anne was born - a world that had been solely an all female society for almost two hundred years - a world in which this female society had long ago not only become accustom to the manner of treatment given members of the opposite sex, but had accepted it without question. How could it have been otherwise..? Such treatment, after all, had indeed become nothing more than a way of life &#8211; a way of life that was filled with happiness, excitement, prosperity, and contentment - a way of life that provided benefits in so many ways that made it obvious of clearly being what was intended - a way of life that was the only one ever known.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;If viewed in the cold light of day by an outsider, it could have been said to be a way of life in which an all female society wantonly preyed upon the hapless male of its species. Such a description, however, implies primitive savagery. Such a description implies the deeds of persons that were uncaring - persons totally void of compassion. But no society ever existed that had been less primitive. In a world that had lived in turmoil, brutality, violence, and fear for thousands upon thousands of years, there now existed total peace and tranquility. Never, in the history of the human race, had there been such widespread feelings of caring for the welfare of others. Never, in the history of the human race, had there been such a profound degree of compassion.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It is true that this caring and compassion did not apply to males, but this exclusion was, in fact, the effect of human nature in the same manner that had existed since the earliest beginnings of civilization. No past society had ever found itself having feelings of caring and compassion toward livestock being raised other than to possibly object at needless mistreatment. To be livestock, after all, means to be raised for the purpose of being slaughtered to fulfill legitimate needs which, by its very nature, must be accepted and looked upon with indifference. Only in this way can feelings of sorrow, sorrow that would serve no useful purpose, be prevented. Reacting in such a manner is nothing more than a natural response that occurs even in individuals of deep compassion and, in so doing, is one of the most basic forms of human nature.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Such was the attitude held toward the human male, who not only was viewed in terms of being livestock, but something he had truly become. To argue that the definition could not be applied to humans is to dispute the very meaning that the word implies. The fact that the manner of slaughter and processing were far different from what, in the past, would be considered traditional has no bearing whatsoever. The end result of hides being taken for leather and flesh becoming packages of meat remained the same. Regardless of being human, the facts simply can not be denied. In terms of sheer numbers, the magnitude of what had taken place staggers the imagination.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;At the time of Anne's birth, in a period of two hundred years, a worldwide female population that had never numbered over five billion at any given time, had artificially bred and raised as dumb animals almost eight trillion human males of which, except for a small number that had fallen victim to lionesses, each and every one had been slain by the hand of a woman. After death, the bodies of each and every one of these males had then been butchered for food by a woman - including special attention being given to that which most vividly identified him for what he was of which, each and every one, had been cut-off by a woman, cooked by a women, eaten by a woman as being the choicest of any delicacy, and, in so doing, that flesh of the male which, by its very nature is the most male of all, meekly succumbed to allowing itself being transformed into becoming flesh of members of the opposite sex.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;If all of the penises that had met this fate were attached end to end, even in their flaccid state, it would form a rope capable of circling the globe over twenty seven thousand times. If all of the testicles that had been taken were placed in a layer, six inches deep, the surface would cover an area of well over ten thousand square miles.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;As impressive as such quantity sounds, however, eating the sex organs of a male was limited to being enjoyed only as a delectable treat. It was flesh from the remainder of the body that comprised the bulk of women's diet which, because of being unmatched in both taste and quality from any other source, was the only type of meat eaten. Trying to describe the total volume of flesh from human males that had been cooked, consumed, and, in so doing, transformed into becoming the flesh of members of the opposite sex would be pointless since a magnitude of such proportions defies being visualized in any meaningful way.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;As staggering as these statistics might be, they reflect only what had taken place up to the time of Anne's birth. They continued to grow afterward at a never ending pace. On each and every day, one hundred and ten million males met the final fate that awaited them with a like number being "planted" in "hatcheries" to keep the overall population from diminishing.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Another statistic of staggering proportions is that out of this one hundred and ten million males being slain daily, ninety million were falling victim to members of the general public. From the very start of forming this all female society, each and every one of its members, upon reaching the age of eighteen, had started personally harvesting males in processing plants. This activity continued until reaching an age of no longer having the strength to draw a bow &#8211; an age that, for most women in the era in which Anne had been born, did not occur until reaching ninety. In so doing, an average woman would slay, butcher, and take souvenir pelts of pubic hair from over six hundred males in her lifetime. There can be little doubt that playing an active role of such magnitude was one of the major factors that contributed to the manner in which males had come to be viewed, and the not only open, but enthusiastic acceptance of how they were being treated.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;(As a point of interest, all meat sold in food markets for home use was harvested in the processing plants and, in so doing, comprised the bulk of that being eaten. Twenty million of the males being slain daily met their fate in the special facilities where the bodies were skinned to be stuffed in part or in their entirety, mounted on plaques, provide hides to be hung on walls or used as rugs, made into countless displays and household items, or being tanned and, in so doing, becoming extremely soft and supple leather being used for making articles of clothing, shoes, gloves, purses, etc., along with an untold number of other items. All of the sex organs and a portion of the meat from the skinned carcasses were sent to restaurants, delicatessens, and catering establishments. There was, however, a large excess of meat which was used for feeding pets, and, to keep any from going to waste, whatever remained was shipped to ranches where it was mixed with beef and fed raw to males and yearlings. There was always some manner in which hides could be used, but, as has been mentioned previously, the primary reason for raising an excess of males was not to harvest their meat or hides, but to harvest that which hung between their legs and, in so doing, increase the frequency that these delicacies could be eaten &#8211; such was the extreme in which this of the male was enjoyed, and such was the extent of how little value was placed on a male&#8217;s life.)&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;In receiving such treatment, what other term could be possibly be applied in regard to the human male other than he had indeed become nothing more than livestock in every sense of the word. The fact that, in addition to providing meat, heads, hides, and bones were being used in countless ways that served to strengthen this role males had come to play - as did the fact that, for their entire lives they were naked in the same manner as any other form of livestock and, in so doing, were deprived of any shred of human dignity that being clothed might have provided.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;In the face of such magnitude, can there be any wonder that, in spite of being members of the opposite sex, women came to look upon males as being so far different from themselves that, in terms of human value, they were regarded as being a sub-species of such vast inferiority that being viewed as livestock was nothing more than a natural reaction &#8211; a natural reaction which caused no conflict in female emotions? In the face of such magnitude, can there be any wonder that an all female society found itself openly accepting the manner in which males were treated as being nothing more than a way of life &#8211; a way of life that served to fulfill valid and legitimate needs that were viewed to be clearly intended? In the face of such magnitude, can there be any wonder that, in spite of the members of this female society having feelings of deep compassion toward others, as far as the life of a male was concerned it was looked upon as being unimportant and, therefore, not worthy of concern?

It needs to be remembered that the untold number of males that women would see in their lifetime would be one of two things &#8211; they would either be alive and in good health - or they would be dead. There was no in-between. Those that would be dead would have it come with a quickness that was void of pain. No males would be seen that were injured and suffering in anguish and, in so doing, there was an absence of the one ingredient that, especially for a woman or girl, had the potential to overshadow all that was be taking place and bring forth feelings of pity. With this ingredient being absent, as far as males were concerned, nothing was seen deserving pity and, therefore, no pity was felt.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Such is the way it had been for generation after generation of an all female society throughout the world. Such is the way it was for the generation into which Anne was born, and, therefore, such it would be for her. She would receive a great deal of loving affection and attention from her mother, her mother&#8217;s friends, women at day-care centers when her mother was at work, and teachers when becoming old enough to attend school. The result was a childhood that was typical for all girls - one filled with happiness and excitement.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;In regard to Anne, it would be no understatement to refer to her in terms of being "exceptional". In a world where striking beauty had become commonplace, she received admiring second glances. In a world where high intelligence was had by all, she was considered outstandingly brilliant. In a world where deep feelings of compassion were taken to be second nature, she was viewed as being extremely warmhearted. None of these things within her, however, had any bearing on the way she came to view members of the opposite sex and all that was being done to them. In this regard, her outlook was the same as all others. The thought of them being deserving of compassion never entered her mind. They were - after all - only males.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It can be of little wonder that Anne, like all girls, viewed males in terms of being vastly different and inferior to herself in a manner that resulted in their lives being looked upon as unimportant and not worthy of concern. For as long as she could remember, her home, including her bedroom, had contained naked male bodies stuffed in their entirety, plaques on walls with some containing mounted heads and sex organs and others containing sex organs only, table lamps whose bases were lower torsos with sex organs protruding between spread upper thighs, hides attached to walls and others used as rugs, and numerous other household displays and items made from bodies of which the part that most vividly identified being male was, by far, the most frequently used. For as long as she could remember, wherever she had gone she had not only seen these same types of items and much more in far greater variety and number, but numerous public displays made from the stuffed bodies of males such as the arches made from lower torsos and spread thighs connected to each other and curving over aisles in department stores and the large fountains John had observed in a shopping mall. For as long as she could remember, she had worn and seen others wearing coats and clothing of soft pliable leather of which many contained pubic hair trim and small nipples that, although stylishly placed, made the source of the leather obvious. The same was true for the leather upholstery that covered sofas and chairs. For as long as she could remember, she had made periodic visits, either with her mother or a school class on field trips, to ranches where she observed naked males and yearlings, numbering in the thousands, milling aimlessly in large fields where they were being treated and behaving in much the same manner as herds of cattle. For as long as she could remember, she had taken other trips, also either with her mother or a school class, to processing plants and seen males being slain by women, one after another, looked at the bleeding, lifeless bodies of others either hanging upside-down in a long row from a moving conveyor or being butchered by women while laying spread-eagled on tables and then, in another room, seeing the resulting rich-colored meat being cut, sliced, and packaged. For as long as she could remember, she had been going to food markets with her mother and seeing packages of meat stacked in neat rows in refrigerated counters &#8211; packages of meat that, after only a few trips to processing plants, were readily recognized and left no doubt as to the origin. For as long as she could remember, she had watched her mother select some of these packages from the counters which they took home and placed in their refrigerator. For as long as she could remember, she had seen her mother take the packages out and cook the rich-colored meat. For as long as she could remember, she had been eating this meat that her mother cooked &#8211; meat that was tender, juicy, and delicious &#8211; meat that was the only type she had ever been given. For as long as she could remember, she had seen her mother occasionally select a package in a food market that contained the most easily recognized meat of all &#8211; meat that when cooked, however, Anne could only watch being eaten by her mother whose face, when so doing, registered a look of excitement and extreme ecstasy. For as long as she could remember, every restaurant she had been in had served the same tender and delicious meat &#8211; including that which she could only watch being eaten by women only.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; There were also a lot of fun things she had been doing for as long as she could remember &#8211; playing with toys made from the extremely soft tanned skin of penises and scrotums. Her first encounter with this of a male was when only several weeks old being given a pacifier that was a small erect penis and bulging scrotum of a size that would be found on a male infant several months old. In this case, however, it had been made from an artificial substance that, in spite of being artificial, was so realistic in detail and feel that only upon close examination could this be determined. Her mother would have been unable to count the number of times her baby daughter had fallen asleep while loudly sucking on the small, flared tipped shaft. But there had been nothing artificial at all in the rattle she was given a few months later &#8211; at least nothing artificial on the outside which was the skin from the genitals of a mature male. The skin of the penis had been filled with a soft spongy material that had just enough resistance to make an effective handle without being overly strutted. Two testicle shaped plastic hollow spheres inside the scrotum contained beads that made a rattling sound when shaken. And, shaken they were. Even though Anne&#8217;s small hand could reach only part way around the thick shaft, her grip was sufficient to enable being enthusiastically shaken back and forth as well as being banged, with gusto, on the side of her crib. In addition to being waved about and banged, there was also a great deal of being chewed upon. The shaft received some of this activity, but it was the flared ridge of the head that, by far, received most attention which would soon become wet with drooling saliva. In the months that followed, it can truly be said that Anne, like all baby girls, literally cut her teeth on the head of a human penis.
 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; In growing up, Anne played with many toys that had been made from the tanned skins of male sex organs filled with different types of substances. They were of such variety that it would serve little purpose to describe them all other than saying there was one theme common to all. This theme was aimed at insuring that, regardless of what type of toy was being made, the identity of from where the skins had been taken always be readily apparent. Mentioning a few, however, should provide some idea as to how this of the human male was being made into playthings - not only for Anne starting at infancy, but for all girls. There was also a music playing mobile attached to the side of her crib that consisted of a slightly vibrating revolving wheel from which dangled six penises and scrotums. The skins had been filled with a gelatin-like substance that realistically duplicated being in a flaccid state which resulted in them constantly jiggling as the wheel turned and, in so doing, brought instinctive notice when she lay on her back. Others that she played with in her crib were squeak-toys that made funny sounds when squeezed. When older, one of her favorite types were skins made into beanbags. She and her friends spent many fun filled hours tossing them back and forth and laughingly running after ones that failed to be caught. She accumulated quite a few that when dropped on top of one another, made a sizable pile. When taking a bath, she would gleefully splash in a tub while playing with skins filled with soft foam that enabled them to float. A toy that she liked to sleep with was a funny looking stuffed elephant whose head was an upside-down bulging scrotum with rolling plastic eyes and a fairly long penis, serving as the trunk, filled with a substance that was extremely wiggly. These are but a few examples of such toys that Anne had played with &#8211; for as long as she could remember.

Can there be any wonder that Anne, like all girls, was indifferent to the treatment being given to males and regarded their lives as having no value when, in addition to the enormity that has already been mentioned, she had been taken to large outdoor stadiums where, in the mists of a festive spectator atmosphere, she had watched fleeing males being struck down in exciting and often funny ways by charging lionesses who then savagely ripped the limp bodies into pieces before being eaten? And, if this were not enough, she spent countless hours at home in front of a large-screen television watching scenes of all that has been described and more being shown in amusing and entertaining presentations in which both slow motion and close-up views were frequently used to enhance both the enjoyment and the effect.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The result of being inundated from such extreme openness in all that was taking place in Anne&#8217;s young life, as was the case for all girls, had been to have an untold number of impressions being deeply ingrained within her subconscious in the ways she came to regard members of the opposite sex - even before knowing what they were other than being called "cubs", "yearlings", or "males" depending on age and size. Similarities in physical appearance did indeed lead to her becoming aware of there being a resemblance, but seeing this physical resemblance did nothing to disturb her since there were also marked physical differences as well &#8211; especially an extremely noticeable difference that had no similarity whatsoever &#8211; a difference of such prominence that it served to clearly set them apart. And, it was this difference to which she came to increasingly identify with being a symbol of vast inferiority.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Another impression that had been made on Anne was an early awareness and understanding of death even before knowing the word itself - both the ease and suddenness in which it could be caused, and the resulting enormity and finality of it after having occurred. It would have been impossible for her to have done otherwise after going to processing plants and seeing what happened to living bodies when an arrow plunged through their chest. The result was always the same. They collapse to the floor, jerk and quiver in extremely funny ways for several minutes, and then the bodies become limp and no longer moved as they leave trails of blood while being drug by the feet and then hung upside-down from a conveyor &#8211; a conveyor that takes them to a room where she saw these bodies being taken from the conveyor, lowered on tables, and lay motionless while being disemboweled and cut-up in pieces that become packages of meat. Her awareness of death, however, came in a way that brought no distress since it not only had been void of witnessing any pain or suffering, but something that her mother and all the women around her never ceased to be both highly amused and excited whenever watching it occur. It was simply something being done for very good reasons - reasons for which she had also come to have an early awareness and understanding. In addition to all the useful things and displays that surrounded her in her home and other places wherever she went, there was the most fundamental reason of all &#8211; the need for death to occur in order to provide the easily recognizable packages of delicious meat that her mother cooked and put on her plate at mealtime.
 
  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It would take far too much time in attempting to describe everything that served to play a role in influencing the manner in which Anne came to view members of the opposite sex - a way in which, although she knew them to be somewhat similar to herself, were viewed, nevertheless, as being vastly different and so highly inferior that no question arose in her mind regarding them not deserving of their fate. In fact, even before becoming old enough to comprehend being given an explanation, she came to look upon the only reason for their existence was to be used exactly as they were to such a degree that the thought of anything to the contrary never entered her mind.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Many things attributed to this outlook being instilled in Anne, but the focal point which, more than anything else, most vividly showed a male to indeed be different from herself played the most prominent role. It was this of the male that had been made into toys that she played with in countless fun filled hours. It was this part of the male that on numerous times in processing plants she had not only seen flopping, jouncing, jiggling, and humiliating themselves in such funny ways that she could not keep from laughing, but yielding in limp submission while being cut away by a woman's hand, laying in clear plastic warped styrofoam trays that her mother and other women would purchase in food markets to take home to be cooked and eaten by them, and in seeing others, glistening from cooked juices, laying on women&#8217;s plates and being eaten in restaurants. Of even more significance was in seeing this of the male being displayed and used in countless ways that not only surrounded her in her home &#8211; but, by far, the most frequent sight in every place she went. As a result, it was this of the male that she came to view as not only being vastly inferior, but clearly identifying individuals whose only purpose in life was to be used in fulfilling obvious needs.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It might have been thought that the extreme repetition to which Anne was inundated in so many countless ways of viewing and being associated with exposed sex organs of members of the opposite sex would, in time, result in them becoming commonplace and reach a point of receiving little notice. It needs to be remembered, however, that this part of the male body stands out with such contrasting prominence that it draws instinctive notice - regardless of the frequency being looked upon. In addition, there was something about them that, even at a young age, Anne found to be strangely intriguing and exciting although, at the time, she had no awareness of the cause. Of even more significance, was the result of being influenced by a wide variety of imaginative and innovative ways that had been carefully developed and refined over the years whose sole purpose were specifically aimed at keeping a waning of interest in these male organs from ever occurring in members of an all female society &#8211; regardless of how many untold number of times they might be observed.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Anne, like all girls, had been told nothing about sex when she was young. She knew that males were different, but she had no awareness of the actual purpose for this difference. In being young, however, she didn&#8217;t give the matter a great deal of thought &#8211; it was simply the way things were. It she had been asked to give an explanation of what reason this part of the male anatomy was intended to serve, her reply, in all probably, would have been that it was to enable being made into a lot of things that were both useful and pleasing to look at, being made into toys that were fun to play with, and for doing things that were real amusing to watch. But, the primary reason was to be extremely delicious so that her mother and other women could enjoy eating them. She had seen untold number of erect penises on stuffed bodies, mounted trophy-style on plaques, on lamp bases, on hides, and on other types of displays and items that were far to numerous to count. She found that looking at them in this state to be somewhat more exciting, but she had no idea as to why. For a long time, she had assumed that mounting them in this manner was something that was merely being done to change the appearance in a way that women found to be somewhat more exciting also. Since all of the penises she had seen on males that were either alive or recently slain had always been extremely limp, she had no awareness of them being able to become erect in any other manner that what she had seen.
&nbsp; 
Anne had, of course, seen penises become rigid on bodies that were being roasted over red hot coals, but the cause was so obviously due to internal pressure caused by intense heat that she gave it little thought other than it being quite amusing and, for some reason, even more exciting to look at than the ones that were stuffed this way &#8211; especially when they started spewing thick, white streams of boiling liquid. Even when becoming older, it did not even cross her mind that a penis could become erect on a male that was alive until seeing it occur one day on several that had been asleep when she and her mother visited a ranch. Anne found herself being surprised, and asked her mother how they could get stiff like that on males that were sleeping. Her mother laughed and said that nature made them that way because it was something that needed to happen for them to be milked. Before Anne could ask any more questions, her mother told her to be patient because it was something she would soon learn about in school.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Anne's mother had been correct in saying that in school she would soon be learning about males being "milked". The lesson not only included the teacher explaining how erections occurred and why this was necessary to enable being milked of the highly nutritious and pleasant tasting beverage she and her classmates drank on a daily basis was produced and stored within a male's body. In addition to pictured illustrations, the class looked at an animated video showing the interior structure of a penis and what took place when filling with blood and becoming erect, how achieving this state resulted in nerves along the bottom, especially at the end, becoming highly sensitive (illustrated by showing the area starting to flash) and, in so doing, respond to the massaging action of a "milking cup" in a way that caused a series of contractions to occur which forced semen out of the internal glands, down the urethra, and then squirt from the hole.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was also explained how the "milking" process included using a special type of gas that, when breathed by males, made them unconscious and caused an erection to occur. Anne and her classmates were then shown a narrated video of an actual "milking operation taking place. The video showed hundreds of naked males being herded into long rows in a large room and then obediently lay on their backs &#8211; something the narrator said they had been trained to do. The gas was then injected into the room and, although not visible, its presence became quickly apparent when, almost in unison, eyes were seen to grow heavy and close which was soon followed by movement starting to take place between the legs &#8211; movement that continued until what moments earlier had been laying limp and passive became swollen and strutted objects pointing upward toward "milking cups" hanging from clear plastic tubes that had descended from the ceiling.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The advantage that was afforded from being stiff and upright, became readily apparent when women entered the room and started moving down the rows to pull down the cups and quickly thrust them onto the conveniently offered rigid shafts. Close-up views were then shown of pulsating cups which soon had streams of white liquid moving up the attached tubes and joining with much larger streams flowing in glass pipes running the length of the ceiling. The scene then switched to a ceramic-tiled room that was spotlessly clean where the glass pipes terminated and were gushing with such volume that it took little time for stainless steel containers to be filled - one after another.

  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;In learning how seamen was produced and stored in the male body, Anne and her classmates were told of a relating function performed by testicles. It was in this way that they found out that when a yearling reached the approximate age of twelve that these oval shaped glands started making a hormone called "testosterone" which not only was what caused his body to start producing a delicious beverage, but also was responsible for bringing about the physical changes that caused him to cease being a yearling and become a male.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;In describing the effects that testosterone had on a male's body, it was explained that the hormone contained a chemical who&#8217;s function was to gradually marinate his flesh that, in so doing, resulted in it becoming unmatched in taste, juiciness, and tenderness. The gaining of this knowledge served to provide even more proof to an already unquestioned belief that slaying males for their meat was something that nature clearly intended being done &#8211; something their teacher made a special point of bringing to their attention.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;In her discussions on explaining semen and testicles, the teacher made no mention of the word "sperm". The reason for the omission was the same as not saying anything about a far different way that a penis could be "milked" &#8211; a way that women not only found to be extremely exciting, but one that brought a great deal of exhilarating physical pleasure. Girls were told quite early in life of being conceived in their mother's womb - something that, from the start, served to separate themselves in a very important and meaningful way from males that were only produced in hatcheries. But, it would be years before sufficient maturity would be reached of being able to handle learning that a male had played a role in bringing their own creation - regardless of how minor this role might be viewed. It was fortunate that trying to contemplate something as complex as the miracle of human creation proved to be so difficult and remarkable that little thought by young girls, if any, was directed in wondering what caused it to begin. When the lesson was concluded, Anne and her classmates had been left with the impression that the sole purpose for seamen being produced was to slowly marinate the flesh of a male body and provide a tasty and healthy beverage for them to enjoy.
&nbsp;&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;In gaining an in-depth knowledge about the internal functions of male sex organs, especially in the ability of to become erect, Anne found her interest if this part of their body not only being heightened, but also generating a strange type of excitement which, as she grew older, seemed to slowly but steadily become more intense. It was only when approaching puberty, however, that the age was reached when subconscious instincts, that up to this point had remained hidden within, gave the first physical indication of making their presence known.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was several months after Anne reached her twelfth birthday that changes which had starting taking place within brought forth their first outward notice. The occasion came during what started out as just another routine trip to a processing plant with her mother in which, as had always been the case, when in the arena her primary attention was drawn to looking at funny activity taking place between the legs of males who were being brought our and slain in an endless procession &#8211; especially when flopping an jouncing about in wild abandon as spasms brought forth by the suddenness of death caused the bodies to violently thrash and jerk.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;At first, Anne's actions had been much the same as in the past. She became quiet in feeling an eerie type of fascination that came over her each time a drawn bow was being raised. The spell, however, would be quickly broken and replaced by laughing, giggling, and clapping from being highly amused at the comic activity that always occurred after an arrow found its mark. But, toward the end, her attention started becoming increasingly focused on the objects that were protruding from thick, triangles of curly hair with an interest that was greater than at any time in the past. She had always experienced a strange and pleasing type of excitement which, as has been mentioned, seemed to have increased in becoming older, but never to a degree such as this.&nbsp; As a result, a strange tingling sensation started taking place although, at the time, it went unnoticed.

It was only when reaching home and going to the bathroom that she noticed her panties being damp. Upon further examination, she found that there was also wetness between her legs that was a slick, clear looking liquid that felt like some kind of lubricant. In addition, she finally became aware of a strange yet pleasing type of tingling that, although having diminished in intensity, still remained. Her mother had told her that she was reaching the age where things would start happing down there, but this was different from what her mother had tried to explain. Anne didn&#8217;t waste any time trying to contemplate something that she had no answer for. She did as she had always done when a question arose &#8211; she went to find her mother. Her mother, upon hearing what had occurred, gave her daughter a hug and said - "It looks like my little girl is growing up and old enough to understand having a few things explained."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was later that evening that Anne's mother provided the explanation. It came with them sitting on their leather covered living room sofa with her mother holding an impressive set of male sex organs that were attached to a round handle. The penis was fully erect and so strutted that it pulled the skin of the scrotum tight - clearly revealing the oval shaped bulges within. In addition, there was a triangular shield attached to the top of the handle that was covered by a padded thatch of thick, curly hair. For as long as Anne could remember, she had seen the object lying on her mother&#8217;s bedside table but, in assuming it to be nothing more than just another ornament, had given it little attention other than noticing the size. This previous inattention, however, changed when her mother pressed a switch on the handle which caused the penis to start vibrating and then proceeded to explain how the device was used. She even demonstrated how the penis, in addition to vibrating, could also be made to jerk and squirt out jets of warm semen. Anne&#8217;s interest became even greater when told that, instead of being stuffed like others in a manner that realistically duplicated the interior texture and feel, the inside of both the penis and testicles were the actual flesh that had been injected with a preservative which, in the case of the penis, had been done under pressure to make it become erect.
 
Her mother held nothing held back as she described not only the manner that being in a rigid state enabled a penis to be used by women for bringing extreme excitement and physical pleasure, but she pointed out various features of the shape that, when explained, made it obvious of having been clearly created to serve this very purpose - the firmness yet, at the same time, soft smoothness of the long shaft whose impressive thickness enhanced being felt within - the rounded, cone shaped head being even more smooth and soft to enable gentle penetration - the sloped ridge around the head being strutted in a manner that not only provided added stimulation, but even flaring upward at the top to enhance contact being made with that of a woman which was, by far, the most sensitive to being touched and aroused in bringing forth an organism.

Her mother ended the discussion by describing how, in addition to using vibrators, there were facilities that women could go and use males that, although unconscious, would have an erection when fondled &#8211; an activity that, to women, was even more exciting and enjoyable. Her mother also explained that males being held in these facilities had been selected for their appearance and endowment after becoming mature and were used until their flesh reached the point of being ready to be harvested.
 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Anne found herself being filled with both excitement and fascination which was only heightened when the realization came that she was learning of something which her changing body had already become subconsciously aware. The deep bond of trust and love forged through the years between mother and daughter enabled her to accept the reason why not being told any of this earlier had been done for her benefit and, in the same light, did not question being told that she must wait until becoming a "woman" before being allowed to engage in the activity and, in so doing, discover what the experience would actually be like.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When lying in bed later that night Anne stared, with almost mesmerized fascination, at the erection sprouting from the triangle of hair on the body of the stuffed male standing in the corner of her room and, in so doing, tried to imagine what the rigid shaft thrusting deep within her would feel like. Her focus was so intense that she was not even aware of starting to rub herself until her body exploded in the throes of an organism that was the most intense she had ever experienced until, soon afterward, being exceeded by another and then, repeated again and again until laying spent and drained while experiencing a relaxing warmth never before known.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Her gaze swept dreamily around her room while looking at the penises mounted on plaques hanging on the walls in a way she had never done before. Even the ones that were mounted flaccid or partially erect received notice. Her attention then turned toward the hairbrush on her dresser. It wasn&#8217;t an elaborate vibrator, but the handle could easily be used in much the same manner &#8211; a handle made from the soft, tanned skin of a penis that had been stuffed in an erect state. The realization, however, did not result in bringing forth any urges of temptation. Her mother had said that she would have to wait and that was all there was to it. Women were never disobeyed &#8211; especially mothers. Such was the depth of trust and respect that not only existed in Anne, but in all girls throughout the world.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;From that day forward, both looking at and touching the stuffed penises in her home took on a new and exciting meaning - especially those that were erect. The passage of time, in combination with experiencing the effects of her body blossoming into young womanhood, not only served to heighten awareness, excitement, and fantasizing, but also a growing curiosity of what the experience would be like to actually lay on an unconscious male whose penis was rigid and feel it slide deep within. But, although there was a growing impatience for the eventful day of turning fantasy into reality to arrive, she found it somewhat tantalizing in having to wait which served to make the prospect of one day finally becoming a "woman" all the more meaningful.










THE FUTURE
By C

PART II
CHAPTER 39
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was not until reaching her early teens that Anne, like all girls, learned about the war while studying history in school. It came as somewhat of a shock being told that males had once roamed free and had not started being raised on ranches and harvested until two centuries ago. In studying about the war, however, the history book and lessons gave a somewhat different version than what had actually taken place &#8211; particularly, in describing actions committed by males. No mention was made of highly sophisticated weaponry since having the ability to use items of complexity, by their very nature, would imply having a fairly high degree of intelligence. Males were, instead, portrayed as barbaric savages of little intellect that were obsessed with banning together in large groups and, not only viciously attack defenseless women, but fight with other such groups of males in what had been called wars &#8211; wars that became increasingly violent and devastating until one of such magnitude occurred that it encircled the entire globe and threatened total destruction for all. The only reference to weapons was that male&#8217;s had brutally forced women to build them and, although extremely effective in causing massive death and destruction, required only rudimentary intelligence to use.
 
They learned that the war was called World War III in which almost half of all males had been killed. This number, however, paled when compared to that of far more women that had perished to such an extent that, if something was not done to stop the insane fighting, would have surely been annihilated. But, something had been done to bring the senseless violence to and end, and in this regard, the historical accounts were far more accurate. It was explained how, in addition to the countless number of women that had been savagely killed, the widespread destruction led to conditions becoming so appalling that many more died from sickness and malnutrition.
 
In stressing the extent of suffering that women had been forced to endure, not only were vivid descriptions given, but the book contained several graphic photographs showing large areas of widespread destruction with the bodies of women laying in the rubble &#8211; many that were horribly militated. Anne and her classmates then learned that it was only when being confronted with massive starvation that women had started eating the bodies of males that had been killed in the fighting. The historical record, in this regard, took the liberty of straying to some extent by implying that it was in this way that women discovered the flesh of males being so outstanding that it made them realize that, surely, such would be the case unless it was clearly meant that this flesh be cooked and eaten. In order to illustrate the point, the book showed a photograph of several rows of male bodies, impaled on spits, being roasted in much the same manner as what members of the class had seen being done on numerous outdoor occasions &#8211; the only exception being that the heads on the male bodies in the picture had been removed. Being headless, however, didn&#8217;t prevent erections from occurring and spew jets of boiling seamen &#8211; a fact that was clearly obvious since the picture had been taken at a climatic moment when eruptions spurting from strutted shafts had been the most intense.

In describing the types of male violence that the women had been forced to suffer, it should be pointed out that the word rape was not mentioned. The enormity of the countless other atrocities that had been committed were of such magnitude that it was not necessary to reinforce the impact by attempting to define a word that no longer existed and, therefore, had no meaning - as did such words as, men, boys, husbands, fathers, and sons.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
The historical description became far more accurate when proceeding to explain how the desperate circumstances had led to women forming an underground movement which, under the brilliant and skillful leadership of the Supreme Commander, not only succeeded in bringing the war to an end but, in so doing, capturing and holding the entire surviving male population in guarded facilities. At this point, the description again took liberties in not giving an accurate portrayal of what occurred after the astounding victory. It proceeded by stating that, again under the remarkable guidance of the Supreme Commander, women came to realize the true purpose that males were meant to serve and started harvesting the captives in the manner that nature had truly intended being done from the very start. There had been no reference of desperate conditions having existed at the time.

It was at this point that another historical photograph was shown &#8211; one in which an instantly recognized woman was standing over the spread-eagled body of a naked male that had the feathered end of an arrow protruding from his left breast. The caption under the photograph read &#8211; Picture of the first male to ever be harvested being done by the Supreme Commander. There was very little said about what had occurred after this, and Anne and her classmates were left with the impression that, in women finally coming to recognize what nature clearly intended being done, they started raising males on ranches to be harvested like they should have been doing all along.

When the lesson had been concluded, Anne and her classmates found themselves having feelings of anger toward not just males from the war, but all males. In so doing, even though they already had an unquestioned belief that males were being treated in exactly the manner that they should be, the belief was nevertheless reinforced. If males being on the loose for thousands of years had been unable to keep from rampaging and committing horrible, barbaric deeds then, clearly, they had never been meant to be on the loose from the start. But, in addition to their anger, they also found themselves feeling immense pride &#8211; both for the courageous women of that past era for their profound wisdom, and for themselves for no other reason than knowing they were female.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When Anne reached the age of fifteen, she thought that she had been told everything there was to know about males. This was true for the most part, but in regard to semen, it was not until shortly after reaching this age that she learned this male fluid served a purpose going beyond slowly marinating a male&#8217;s flesh and providing the delicious and nutritious beverage she had enjoyed all of her life - a purpose that played a role in the very creation of human life - including her own.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The revelation came at school where, after first being discussed by her teacher, Anne and her classmates watched an animated video showing countless tiny sperm swimming around a much larger egg which ended with one finally reaching and then penetrating the surface. The animation then showed the egg starting to divide which continued until taking human form. When the video ended, in seeing concerned looks on her students faces, the teacher made light of what they had been shown and joked about how funny the tadpole-like creatures had looked while wiggling about in such a frantic manner. She then went on to say that a sperm's sole function was nothing more than providing a means to trigger an activating mechanism within an egg which, in so doing, was something nature provided to enable women to choose when they wanted to have a daughter.
&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Anne laughed with her classmates at the teacher's lighthearted manner but, like they, found herself still feeling somewhat troubled at learning a male had played any part whatsoever in her being born - regardless of how minor this role might be viewed. It helped some when the teacher informed them that males used for this purpose were bread and raised in separate facilities from their more common counterparts and, although still male, were considered to be a somewhat superior breed.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The teacher went on to say that semen from all males, however, contained sperm and, for this reason, when Anne and her classmates reached the age of becoming "women", they would start talking a pill that prevented pregnancy so they could use males for sexual pleasure whenever and as often as desired. She concluded by saying that when the time arrived that they wanted to become mothers they would discontinue the pills and start taking another that contained ingredients which enhanced fertility.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;(In regard to the second pill, although it did indeed contain stimulants that enhanced fertility, no mention was made that its primary function was to create a mildly toxic secretion within a woman's vagina and uterus that was fatal to male producing sperm but had no effect on their much heartier female producing counterparts. The omission on the teacher's part, however, came from not knowing this herself rather than from having a desire to withhold information. The same held true for her remarks about there being only one minor function that sperm provided. It must be remembered that in Anne's era, males had been produced only by artificial means for the past two centuries, and the time had long ago arrived that little thought, if any, was given to it ever having been any other way. The result was a widespread belief that it was not even possible for a male to be conceived within a woman's womb. The fact that males had long been looked upon as vastly inferior to the extent of being regarded as nothing more than a sub-species only served to reinforce this belief. Even among the members of the scientific and medical communities, there were only a small number that knew different, and these appreciated the value of keeping the knowledge to themselves. It should be mentioned, however, that even in the minds of these few, in being aware that males had a stunted XY chromosome instead of a full set of XX as did females, they considered this difference to clearly set members of the opposite sex apart in a manner that, in their scientific opinions, indeed showed being of sub-species status. The same was true in very few knowing the origin of the millions upon millions of eggs being thawed and fertilized daily in hatcheries had been donated by women from far earlier generations, although, since each of the original eggs had afterward been made to divide thousands of times and these thousands, in turn, made to do the same in never ending cycles, there had been so many countless multiplications that any direct connection to a woman&#8217;s body had ended many decades ago which, even for the few women that knew the original origin, was sufficient magnitude to enable viewing males as having such minuscule connection to a vastly superior opposite sex that it had, long ago, ceased to exist.)

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Later that day when her mother arrived home from work, Anne wasted no time in telling what she had learned in school. She then proceeded to ask about the male her mother had used in becoming pregnant. Her mother gave an indifferent shrug and said there wasn't a great deal to tell. She had gone to a ranch that raised "breeding males" and spent an hour or so in selecting the one she would use - something which proved to not be a simple task. "After all," she said. "They were so much alike, both physically and in the way they acted, that there was really very little difference. I finally decided on one that struck me as being somewhat more appealing, but as to exactly what this was, I'm really at a loss to say." She paused for a moment and then said with a short laugh, "For all I know, it might have been no more than the hair on his chest and between his legs being extremely thick and curly."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Well," Anne's mother said as Anne also joined in the merriment. "He was taken to a room and, after being made unconscious, I played with him until he became hard and then used him in the same way as any other male. I would have used him again the following month if this first try had been unsuccessful, but a few days later I found out that I was pregnant with you and therefore, that was the last I saw of him."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Do you know what happened to him?" Anne asked in still finding herself curious. "Was he used by other women so that they could become pregnant also?" "No", her mother replied shaking her head, I'm the only one that ever used him. Breeding males are never used by more than one woman. But, being raised for breeding does not change the fact that they are still male and, as such, their final fate is to become meat on a table.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;This last statement was given in such a straight-forward manner that Anne had no reason to suspect that, although not stating a falsehood, her mother was intentionally giving the impression of talking about something that had already occurred instead of being a fate that was yet to take place.

&nbsp;&nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The following months did not see a great deal of change in Anne's life except at times, even though she though that the male used to bring forth her conception had been slain long ago, she would find herself wondering about what he had looked like. On these occasions, she often found herself starting to experience strange feelings of unrest which increased as time passed. It was upon reaching her next birthday, however, that he became far more significant in a way that not only put an end to her discontent, but created a great deal of excitement.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Such was the case for all girls upon reaching the age of sixteen. It was on this day that Anne's mother not only told her the full truth about the male she had selected and used to become pregnant was still alive, but described what his final fate was destine to be. To say that Anne was stunned and surprised would be putting it mildly when she heard that he was being kept alive, solely on her behalf, and would remain so until she became eighteen where he would play yet one more significant role in her life.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was in this way Anne learned that the male who had been used to bring forth her creation would not only be the very one she would "harvest" during the ritual of becoming a "woman", but that his sex organs would be the first of a male she would have the privilege to cook and eat and, in so doing, become an actual part of the very female body they had helped to create. It would be the skin from these sex organs that would be mounted on a plaque beneath his head to hang on prominent display, along with the hide taken from his torso, and serve to be both a constant reminder and undeniable proof of the proud status she would have achieved. She and her mother would also cook and eat the remainder of him in entirety so that he would become part of both their bodies which, when considering his common connection in each of their lives, would make the deep bond between them even more meaningful. Even his semen which, like all males had been milked daily, was frozen and being saved. After delivery it would be thawed, a gallon at a time, and shared between them until all that had been collected was gone. Anne was surprised when told that the total quantity would probably be at least twenty-seven gallons by the time she reached eighteen.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Anne also learned that the ritual included doing far more that slaying and butchering the male in which, before taking his life, she would demonstrate herself being far superior over him by physically defeating and rendering him helpless. In part, it would be done with a leather whip, but afterward and by using only her hands, the main object of her attack in achieving this conquest would be that of him which not only was most prominent in showing him to be male, but had played a role in bringing forth her very existence. It would be this of him, more than any other, that would be treated with the greatest severity and, in so doing, suffer the greatest defeat - a defeat of such magnitude that it would be this of him, more than any other, which she would not only demonstrate her being far superior, but done with an air of disdain to show that whatever role it might have played in her creation being viewed as insignificant &#8211; a viewpoint that would only be reinforced whenever looking at it mounted in an erect state and hanging on a wall in her living room. There would even be significance in the reason for the penis being erect. It would have been in this state that it had entered her mother and, even though exciting to look at, being mounted on a plaque in such a manner for all to view would, at the same time, give the appearance of not only making a mockery of what it had done, but of all it had ever been.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; It should be pointed out that her mother did not actually mention demonstrating superiority, distain being felt, viewpoints being reinforced, or any other impressions being instilled. In fact, even though she knew of what she had come to feel herself after her own exciting experience, she didn&#8217;t think of them in such terms. It needs to be remembered the manner in which the members of this female society had, since early childhood, viewed members of the opposite sex with unquestioned beliefs to such an extent that no thought was ever given toward any of these beliefs needing to be reinforced &#8211; at least not in the conscious mind. Such indeed did occur, however, in the subconscious &#8211; not only to a significant extent during the ritual of becoming a woman, but in many subtle ways throughout a lifetime. Such it had been since the very beginning &#8211; even for males being kept alive until the exciting time for their final destiny arrived. It was for this reason that she had only given descriptions of various activates that would be taking place. But, in so doing, they created awareness in Anne&#8217;s own subconscious that, from that point on, caused extreme excitement whenever being contemplated.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The same holds true of no attempt being made to try and explain reasons that lay behind performing activities that, on the surface, could be viewed as doing something totally contrary to the feelings of deep compassion that were the very essence of what it meant to be female - feelings that Anne possessed in full measure. In fact, if the question had been raised, her mother would have found it difficult to give an answer beyond having an unquestioned awareness of it fulfilling an important and valid purpose. Trying to put this important and valid purpose into words, however, would have been something that only the long deceased Dr. Carson could have effectively done. From the very beginning, it had been found that the justifiable reasons were something that the subconscious instinctively became aware and, therefore, no explanation had ever been requested. The same proved true for Anne. Even without giving it direct thought, she found herself having an awareness of it gaining a fulfillment of such magnitude that it surly justified the necessity of inflicting severe pain on a living being and, therefore, not only made the taking of such action acceptable but, when being contemplated, caused her to tingle with excitement. It didn&#8217;t hurt in the least that the individual in question was, after all, only a male.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; It goes without saying that the mounted head and sex organs, along with the scared hide of a male torso beneath, being prominently displayed on their living room wall became far more meaningful to Anne than in the past. She had known that they had been taken by her mother in a special ceremony where she had made her first harvest in becoming a woman but, until now, had not only been unaware of the male having any particular significance, but had given the display little thought other than knowing what it represented. When very young, she had asked her mother why this male looked different from the ones being harvested in processing plants. Her mother had replied that instead of randomly selecting one whose time had come to be harvested, it is desired to select a male being used for this special purpose be somewhat distinctive in appearance. Anne had seen no reason to question this explanation and, therefore, had not mentioned it afterward.
&nbsp;&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The passage of time only served to strengthen Anne gaining an open acceptance for all of what she would undertake and, in so doing, brought a steady increase to the excitement that came whenever she found herself thinking about the things she would do to "her male". And.., he was indeed "her male" in every sense of the word. At the very moment of her conception he had become her personal property and, as such, remained alive to await a final day of destiny - a destiny that, when fulfilled, would transform her from being merely a girl into becoming a "woman" and, in so doing, open the way to enjoying, with immense pride, all of the extreme pleasures and privileges that achieving this esteem status entailed. The realization that such extreme lengths had been taken solely for her benefit was so overwhelming and humbling that thinking about "her male" involved primarily contemplating what lay ahead rather than dwelling on whatever minor contribution he had made in the past.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; It had been this very reaction within Anne that Dr. Carson, in planning what would be done, had passionately hoped would occur. And it had indeed occurred &#8211; not only in Anne, but in every girl from the very beginning that became greatly solidified in the exciting ritual of becoming a woman to such an extent that, from then on, it never diminished.
 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;As Anne approached her eighteenth birthday, she became increasingly caught up in suspense and excitement in realizing that this long awaited day of destiny was actually almost at hand. Her closest friend, since early childhood, was a girl named Ella Marie who was a few months older. When Ella Marie's milestone birthday arrived and she became a woman", Anne was genuinely happy for her friend but, at the same time, it made her own suspense, curiosity, and impatience all that much harder to endure.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Since Anne had not yet reached eighteen, she had been unable to attend Ella Marie's ritual ceremony, but afterward, her friend had spent hours with her talking about the experience. Ella Marie's eyes would sparkle with excitement and often get a faraway look as she tried to put into words what it had been like to experience an exhilarating thrill of such overwhelming magnitude that afterward, it almost seemed to have occurred in a dream. But the newly mounted head and rigid penis with budging scrotum protruding from a thick patch of curly hair, along with the scarred hide beneath, were vivid proof that it had indeed not been a dream &#8211; something that had held true for all women. It was with them standing in front of the impressive display, located in a prominent place on Ella Marie&#8217;s living room wall, that most of her prideful and gushing accounts were told. It was during these times that Anne would find herself becoming so caught up in a tingling excitement of her own that it made thinking of the time remaining until "her day" would finally arrive become almost unbearable and seem as though it would never pass.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;But, although seeming to take place with agonizing slowness, time did indeed continue to pass. The day in which Anne reached eighteen finally came. It was in seeing her displaying such heightened, unbounded joy in the parking lot in front of the building where the ritual would take place that John observed and, in so doing, had reminded him of the bubbling and innocent youthful enthusiasm a teen-age girl from his own era might have shown when going to her first prom - something he found hard to fathom when he had come to be of the opinion that "innocence", youthful or otherwise, was something impossible to be possessed by any member of a female population that had been raised in such a shocking society as what he had witnessed.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;John's dismay had become even greater when, after going inside, he again saw Anne, now dressed in a pink sweater and short skirt that tantalizingly enhanced her youthful femininity, appear on the floor of the luxuriously furnished theater style arena and realized that the very same girl, whose captivating beauty and look of childlike innocence he had admired only a short while earlier, was going to torture the naked, middle-aged man standing tied helpless and spread-eagled before her and, afterward, would slay and butcher his body in some type of ceremony &#8211; a ceremony which he felt certain that, after being performed, she would in the eyes of society become a "woman" and, in so doing, be eligible to start publicly slaying and butchering, on a regular basis, yet more naked men &#8211; the only difference would be that these would be done in front of a much larger audience and her hapless victims being of an age equal or only slightly older than herself. John had mistakenly assumed that the reason for the advanced age was that, in performing the act of becoming a woman, the achievement was considered to be more impressive if the victim, who would be the very first man she would slay, was far older than herself. In making this assumption, the thought never crossed John&#8217;s mind of it being anything other than this. One can only wonder at the extent of his dismay if he had known the true identity.
&nbsp;&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;In his visit to the "Hill Street Processing Plant", John had seen many displays of unbounded excitement and joy being shown by women and, especially by girls in their older teens, as they performed their devastating deeds. But, none of those reactions could match the degree of bubbly happiness and excitement he observed in Anne. In spite of all he had seen that day, he had found it hard to comprehend a girl with such outstanding youthful beauty being capable of displaying extreme jubilation from anticipating being on the verge of torturing a helpless naked man and then taking his life - a man&#8217;s life that would be remembered afterward as having special significance because he would be her "first kill".

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;But John could not deny what he was seeing - regardless of how difficult he found it to comprehend. This became even more difficult when he saw her enter the floor of the arena and look at the man she would soon torture and then slay in cold blood had done nothing to dampen her buoyant exhilaration and excitement he had seen in the parking lot. It anything, her enthusiasm had only increased - increased to a point which made it obvious that not only would she not hesitate in proceeding with what lay ahead but, in so doing, was anticipating the experience to be something she was going to enjoy to the fullest extent possible.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;There was also something else that John found to be even more profound. In spite of being on the verge of undertaking what, in his opinion, would be a shocking and grisly activity of immense proportions, Anne's manner still displayed a look of youthful innocence. In taking note of this, John could only shake his head about how deceiving looks can be and, not for the first time, found himself thinking that if there was one ingredient, above any other, which was lacking in this all female society it most surely would be that of possessing "innocence".

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;John's viewpoint, of course, can be understood. In fact, it is doubtful that there could have been any explanation given that would sway his condemnation. He had, after all, not only been raised in a world controlled primarily by men but, in being a man himself, could not avoid feeling both outrage and prejudice at not only the shocking and humiliating manner in which members of his sex were being massively slain and, afterward, their bodies not only being eaten and used by women in countless degrading and humiliating ways that staggered the imagination, but at the manner in which the physically stronger members of his sex meekly succumbed in allowing such appalling enormity to take place - especially that of them which, more than anything else, was the very symbol of virility and manhood and in which he had always felt such immense pride to possess.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;But, John was mistaken in his judgment of there being no "innocence". He was mistaken not only about this in Anne, but for the entire female population &#8211; not only the one existing at the time into which he had been brought, but for all that had proceeded it since the very beginning of this new world coming into existence. "Innocence", after all, does not come from conforming to arbitrary values and standards set by others. "Innocence" comes from within. It comes from having a pure heart and an untroubled conscience. It needs to be remembered, in spite of how unbelievable and shocking it might strike someone coming from an earlier time, that the female society in which Anne lived was conforming to a way of life that had been in existence, throughout the entire world, for over two hundred years - a way of life in which each and every member of this society had been inundated, from early age, by countless influences and teachings that molded their lives and beliefs in such a manner that neither in their minds, or in their hearts, did they believe it to not only be acceptable and proper, but was doing nothing more than what was clearly meant being done.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;In knowing and understanding all that had occurred, can the sincerity in which it was being carried out be questioned as lacking innocence &#8211; particularly for girls? Can girls be judged as lacking innocence because, for as long as they could remember, they had been encouraged to look at and touch an untold number of stuffed genitals of members of the opposite sex - not only in their homes, but in far greater number wherever they went? Can girls be judged as lacking innocence for, since infancy, playing with numerous toys given to them that were made from tanned skins of human male sex organs?&nbsp; Can girls be judged as lacking innocence because of the meat they ate when it was the only type they had ever been given? Can girls be judged as lacking innocence because, as small children, they would laugh and clap their hands in merriment while watching what was taking place on the floor of an arena in a processing plant when, regardless of the nature of the activity in which it should be pointed out that no suffering was ever observed, they were, in fact, reacting in the same innocent manner as children of earlier times had done when looking at clowns performing in a circus?
&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A great deal of previous discussion has been given in revealing Anne&#8217;s character, but further insight can be provided by describing an event that happened a few months earlier. She had been in an extremely&nbsp; cheerful mood while riding home with her mother after spending the afternoon in a processing plant &#8211; an extremely cheerful mood that had been created from thinking about how funny and exciting it had been to watch over a hundred young males being slain and, in so doing, realizing that it would not be long until she would actually be performing on the floor of that very same arena and, afterward, bring home a triangular shaped pelt of curly hair to place on her living room wall &#8211; a pelt that would just be the first of many. Her cheerful mood, however, had suddenly evaporated, and she started to cry when seeing a bird with a broken wing. In revealing such a reaction, can anyone doubt her compassion?

In spite of the depth of Anne&#8217;s compassion, however, she could not avoid being influenced by the society she had been raised which resulted in its culture and beliefs being ingrained deep within that, in so doing, could have had no other effect than create indifference toward the fate being experienceed by members of the opposite sex yet, at the same time, had had no effect in her feeling deep sorrow for an injured bird. In knowing her inner-being, can the sincerity of her heart or the depth of her innocence be questioned?

It needs to be remembered that Anne was on the verge of gaining the realization of something she had been deeply longing for in what, during her short life, had seemed to have been an eternity. She was on the threshold of becoming a "woman", and regardless of John's opinion of what achieving this distinction would entail, her excitement possessed a purity that was every bit as innocence as it had outwardly appeared. Even if what she was about to undertake involved the doing of wrong, the blame can surely not be placed on her. If her actions would entail doing what might indeed be found to be wrong, the wrong would have to be directed at actions taken by others that were long gone.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;But.., who is to judge if wrong is being committed in this world into which Anne had been born? In John's view, he would have been quick to pass condemnation - irregardless of any reasons or arguments that he might be given. But.., if instead of John.., the time-traveling spaceship had brought a woman from his era to observe what the world had become, one can not help but be curious as to what her reactions might have been. Not at first.., of course. Her initial response would undoubtedly have been that of being shocked, appalled, dismayed, and finding herself feeling disbelief and horror. But, what if after observing all that was taking place, this woman was given an explanation of the desperate circumstances that, in time, had led to bringing this new world into existence and, in so doing, instilled an unquestioned belief that the creation of this world had not only been justified but was, in fact, merely doing something that gave every indication of truly being that which nature desired?

What if she had been shown a coat made from fine leather that was the softest and most supple she had ever felt and then told from where the exquisite leather had come? What if she had then been given a grilled steak and, after finding it to be far more tender, juicy, and delicious than the choicest of beef she had ever eaten, not only be told the source, but told that the flesh of a female, prepared the same way, would be tough and unappealing? What if she was next given a few slices of what she assumed to be sausage which, upon being eaten, was found to taste nothing at all like sausage but, instead, had been the most choicest of delicacies exceeding anything imagined being possible? And after making this succulent discovery, what if she was told the source of this meat also which, however, she would know could not be taken from a female and prepared the same way for enabling comparison since it did not even exist on a female. After this had occurred, would she say that human males simply were not meant to be slain at a young age, be skinned, cooked and eaten, regardless of how sensuous the leather made from their hides might be or the outstanding quality of their flesh. Or, would she find herself beginning to wonder what other possible reason could there be for hides providing such a superb quality of leather and for this flesh not only being so remarkably delicious, but so vastly different from that of herself &#8211; especially that which was the most vastly different and delicious of all?
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;What, after all of this had been made known, would be her reaction if then told the magnitude of the one argument that had, by far, been the most persuasive of all - that what had come to pass was the creation of a world that had lived for over two hundred years in total peace, harmony, happiness, and prosperity in which there had been no devastation, no crime, no suffering, no terror, and.., most persuasive of all.., no war? What if she was told that in this new world, the word rape had no meaning and that women are able to go out alone at night without having any fear whatsoever?

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;After being made aware of this highly persuasive argument also, how then would the woman react? She would know what it was like to live in a world that suffered from evils committed by men, but she would also know of living in a world in which there were men of goodness, kindness, tenderness, and unselfish love. In being a woman, would she shake her head in sadness while thinking that, in spite of all that had been gained in this new world, it was one that was void of fathers, sons, husbands, and romance and say, "yes.., but look at not only the immense sacrifice, but at what has been lost?" If so, would she request to be taken back to her own time? Or instead.., would she find herself being swayed by, not only the arguments that had been given in regard to the extraordinary quality of human male leather and flesh but, of far more significance, in actually seeing the fulfillment of a dream long held not only in her own heart, but in the hearts of women throughout the ages? And.., in being a woman.., would she be so moved at seeing this dream become reality, that she would consider it indeed to justify a sacrifice even as great as this to the point of overshadowing any loss that also might be incurred and, in so doing, find herself feeling that it was, in fact, truly doing what was intended and ask that she be allowed to stay? What indeed would have been the reactions of a woman from an earlier time verses that of a man? - One can only wonder.










THE FUTURE
By C

PART II
EPILOGUE


It was nothing more than a coincidence that on the same day of Anne reaching the age of eighteen, an event took place on a ranch thousands of miles away. The incident involved two males that got into a minor scuffle of such brief duration that it failed even to be noticed. But, although being both minor and going unnoticed, the event, in fact, was one of profound significance. With the exception of a scattered few living in yet undiscovered remote colonies, in the thousands upon thousands of years that human males had committed acts of violence, this would be the last that would occur.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It has been mention that the policy, adopted from the beginning, of separating males showing any sign of having a violent nature and, in so doing, not being used for propagating other males had, throughout the years, led to a slow but steady decline of such behavior. In fact, the point had been reached long before Anne's birth, that in order to continue the highly popular spectator sport of gleefully watching males fleeing in panic and falling victim to the fierce onslaught of ferocious lionesses, the criteria for being selected to meet such fate had been increasingly relaxed until it required no more than observing playful tussling or being considered a little slow either in physical development of in obeying a command. The mentioning of this only serves to exemplify of how extreme little value the life of a human male had indeed come to be viewed.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The trend of males committing acts of any form of violence became less and less until, as has been mentioned, the point was reached on Anne&#8217;s birthday that they ceased to occur in entirety. And, of even greater noteworthiness, whatever trait within the human male that had been the cause of senseless and often barbaric acts of aggression had also ceased to exist. Something that had not ceased to exist, however, was the ability to have human intellect and emotions which, even though suppressed for over two hundred years, would have returned if only given an opportunity. But, although the very inner make-up of the human male had undergone a permanent change of profound proportions, it had occurred over such a long period of time and so gradually that it had not even been noticed as having any significance. Any thought given to the slow but steady decline of violence had been attributed to nothing more than improvements being made in methods of being raised and trained.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Regardless of how profound it might have been, however, in reality it is just as well that the change in male behavior did indeed receive little notice since it would have made no difference - one way or another. In women's minds, they lived in a world filled with total contentment and happiness that lacked nothing. It mattered not that males had changed in a manner that, if acted upon, could have led to women learning of shared unselfish romance and, in so doing, discovering a contentment and joy that would, in fact, have been far more fulfilling. But, how could women be expected to take action to keep from missing out on something they did not even know could exist? How could they possibly contemplate loving and sharing their lives with individuals they not only looked upon as highly inferior beings of sub-species status, but individuals being raised as livestock and, therefore, slaughtered and eaten as such. Males, on the other hand, in being raised as livestock and, in so doing, having a low intellect that was void of either human emotions or rational thought were surely incapable of acting on their own behalf.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It can only be viewed as being highly ironic that, when the human male finally reached the point of being ready to join a world of lasting peace and harmony, there was no one living in this world that had any awareness, whatsoever, of what he could offer.


Comments on the story will be appreciated by either posting on this forum or sent to Charles354107@aol.com. Also, Part III has been started but not finished. Please let me know if anyone would like to see the chapters that have been completed being posted.







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  C.


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





