BDSM Library - Ryo and Kaneda




Ryo and Kaneda
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Kaneda is Ryo\'s new Underground film star. Of course it was not the boy\'s choice. 






The creative genius of my dear Japanese friend Ryo never 
ceases to amaze 
me, nor you either if the mail I get asking about his fine
work is any
indication. What is Ryo up to...you ask me. Don't I miss
visiting him? Yes 
indeed, and I am planning a trip. Visiting Ryo always
totally drains my dick
and balls and gets my sadistic juices flowing.


Ryo sent me some fabulous photos of his new project. The
new project is a
fifteen and a half year boy, that Ryo has turned into a
total cunt. One of 
Ryo's special skills is that instead of just torturing a
boy (which he also
enjoys) he delights in getting young boys to do unspeakable
things to
themselves. I too find a special thrill in seeing a
formerly innocent young
waif give himself pain and abuse his own body and mind.
Ryo has several
methods to accomplish this. He can promise the boy that if
he will only do
such and such to himself, then Ryo and his gang will leave
the boy alone and
not molest him further. Of course that is not true in the 
sense that there 
is always more horror the boy must do...just one more...and 
one 
more...degrading thing. How far can the boy be pushed
before his mind snaps
or his body breaks? Then, Ryo also uses the strong
Japanese sense of shame
and honor. He knows that many of these boys would rather
die than have their 
families or school find out about their indiscretion. There 
are hundreds of 
thousands of young Japanese men who are paying blackmail
money to keep 




hidden their secrets...so Ryo uses this kind of techniquind of technique
to get a boy to do
his bidding.


Well, this latest project of Ryo's is a fifteen and a
half year old
schoolboy and soccer player named Kaneda. I don't know the
entire story but
somehow Ryo got control of little Kaneda and his life. So
in previous films
he has had Kaneda sucking cock, getting fucked, sucking off
dogs, taking dog
dick...you get the picture. Kaneda is not a fifteen and a
half ear old 
fucked out cum dump wreck. Kaneda still goes to school,
although his grades
are falling and his soccer field work has turned pathetic.
His teachers 
suspect drugs. It really is the fact that after school
three times a week, 
he has to report to Ryo to be tortured and fucked
senseless. Last month Ryo
did a Bukkake film where fifty guys unloaded their sperm on
the poor boy's
face, and then Ryo fed the spooge to the kid until the
little guy's stomach
was bloated like a pregnant sow. Most of us have never
encountered the kind 
of full time heavy abuse he puts the boy through.(Well, I
have, but then I 
mix with strange circles.) He does feed the boy
drugs...this so that the
kid is disoriented and also so that there is an excuse if 
ever the school 
comes down on the boy.


Part of the reason the kid's soccer game is going to
shit is that he is 
now forced to wear a large butt plug up his cunt all the 
time. Imagine
being fifteen and having to mix with other boys at your
school, and you have 




this seven or eight inch rubber dick up your ass. It hurts
everytime you 
sit, stand or walk. This is the life the boy leads. Ryo
also has this 
permanent cockring combo around the boy's dick which keeps
the cock 
painfully hard, so that Kaneda must maintain an agonizing
hard on for hours 
on end. He begs Ryo for just a few minutes relief from the 
ass and dick 
pain, and Ryo strokes the boy's hair and kisses him and
tells the kid he 
must learn to endure.


 The boy's agony includes heavy humiliation. He has sex
with dogs at
parties to entertain wealthy businessmen. He is forced to 
eat plates filled
with shit, drink piss, force fed food until he pukes...
Then forced to lick 
up the vomit. Men blow their noses in his mouth. I have
seen photos of all
of this and more with him. I have seen a video of a lizard 
shoved up his
ass...a lizard that then bites at the inside of his rectum 
to try to escape.
It is most painful for the boy, and most fun to watch.


Why then these two photos? Well for several reasons. 
First, to honor my
friendship with Ryo and protect him, he only allows me to
share certain 
things. After all, you don't run an underground business
like he does and 
stay out of prison unless you are very careful. Second,
most of his film 
work is done to special order, and the buyer doesn't want
it out there for 
public consumption. A man who wants to see a boa
constrictor fed up the ass
of a twelve year old boy, wants to feel that the film is
for his eyes only. 




I have also chosen these two photos because I love the way
poor Kaneda looks
in the photos. Look closely at his face...have you ever
seen such agony and
despair. That kind of despair on the face of a fifteen
year old boy is so
fucking erotic. You can see he is a bit drugged out, but
Ryo assures me that
that in no way deadens the pain he feels. In fact Ryo 
sometimes injects him
with something that causes his nerves to feel even more
pain...some of you
might know the name of the drug. Ryo's new goal for the boy
involves total 
ass stretching. He wants the asshole to stretch as large as
a woman's cunt 
when she delivers a baby. So Kaneda is forced to impaled
himself with ever 
larger and larger dildos. I love the size of the fucking
implement shoved up
his young cunt in the photo. Look at how huge it is...and
how much pain is
coursing through the boy's tender young body. It's really
quite beautiful.
And the boy has to do it to himself... No help from anyone.
He screams over 
and over that he can't take it..that it is too big. And Ryo
just gives him
encouragement..of course you can. Ignore the pain. Get it
all the way up
there. The boy screams that his hole is ripping, and Ryo
says..."that's all
right..let it rip..just get it all the way in." The boy is
learning to
perform mindless abuse...to obey any order of his masters,
not matter what. 
Ryo tells me he is getting the kid primed for a film where
he will be fucked 
by a horse. I guess my adventures with Peter and his family
inspired him. 




Also please notice the prick constriction on the boy. Look
how sore and 
swollen and ready to burst his young dick is. How the rings 
contain the 
throbbing dripping tool. Is it dangerous to keep a boy's
prick swollen and
imprisoned like that? Well, yes, but you have to be willing
to sacrifice 
some things to gain other. The boy's pain is so exquisite,
his humiliation 
and destruction so complete, one is willing to take the
risk of ruining his
prick.


Sometimes, usually in fact, after a time of service and a
certain number 
of films, Ryo will allow a boy to go back to his life, or
what is left of 
it. He did so with a now famous Japanese Baseball player,
whose sex films 
got out into the public.Are the boys psychologically and
physically damaged.
Duh!!!!! Of course..they are in sexual ways ruined for
life, but they can in
ways other than sexually, lead somewhat normal lives. Some 
of them actually
are addicted to sm and abuse and seek it out. Some try to
forget it. But I
have a feeling that in Kaneda's case..due to the extremes
that Ryo is going
with him, that the boy will eventually drop out of school, 
leave home, and 
live and work for Ryo as a fuck slave. He will probably be
sent to live in a 
Fuckhouse, where he will suck dick and get fucked all day
and night, until
he wears out. 


So I hope you enjoy these unusual and particularly
expressive examples of 
Ryo's work, and I hope you appreciate young Kaneda's ass
talent. 








Review This Story
 || Email Author:  dale10


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





