BDSM Library - Ho 72




Ho 72
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A woman\'s escape from domestic drudgery through domination by her Pimp /Lover to finding her true destiny.






Ho 72
Chapter 1

Sometimes, as the sun rises over an unfamiliar roof-scape perhaps, I reflect on what has passed and what will unfold but for the present I am content.

I once lived with my husband and three children, in a nice semi detached house in a nice area, and I had a job with real prospects that I loved, and my own car, but now instead I have my freedom.

I think the car was the straw which broke our relationship's proverbial camel's back so to speak.

I was driving home from work when a cloud of steam and water shot out, the garage man said "Head gasket", a thousand pounds to fix it, which did not have, no guarantee it would not happen again and it was only be worth seven hundred anyway.

I needed that car for my job, my identity, my friends but Harry said "no", we could not afford it, yet he drove his big Ford to work less than a mile each day where he could have walked, my journey was nearer ten miles.

"You will just have to get something closer, we can't afford two cars." he told me.

I tried to carry on using buses and taxis, but they cost almost as much as I earned since I had to go part time instead of doing exams and getting promotion so that I could be around when the kids got back from school when Harry's new job meant he was not working form home so much and we could not afford the child care.

Harry's demanded a proper dinner every evening, his shirts laundered and ironed, the house cleaned immaculately, even the lawn mowing was my responsibility it seemed and then there was his mother's interference, and his kids Sheila, Chloe and |Henry, twelve, ten and eight, when we married and they came to leave me in no doubt why their mother had left them, and him, for a travelling salesman.

The Harry I married was virile, passionate, thirty three, he was only eighteen when Sheila was born,forcing him into that first loveless marriage, he was thirteen years older than me but he worked out at the Gym, played Tennis to nearly pro standard, he rode a Harley, drove a Range Rover, he owned a decent three bed semi detached house, and to me as a junior at a Solicitors office her seemed a real catch.

His first wife had an artistic temperament, a bit Latin they said, and a figure to die for, curves in all the right places, not like mine where I struggled with my waist line and always needed uplift or padding if I was not to look too flat, and she had been witty and generally perfect yet she had simply walked out leaving Harry and his mother to&nbsp; bring up the three kids. 

He met and wooed me,&nbsp; we met while he was arranging his divorce and as soon as he was free we married and then as we returned from our honeymoon he lost his job.
He was made redundant through restructuring, so he claimed, but no one else went, so there was more to it than that, and after awhile he had to accept a lower paid job that he hated with barely two thirds the salary, he started drinking beer with his buddies instead of coming home after work and his beer belly swelled as his prick, libido and job prospects shrank.

Somehow we had this argument on a Friday evening, I had a final warning from work for lateness and I suggested we sell the Ford and buy two cheaper cars one for me and that's when Sheila called me a money grabbing whore, well something snapped, I flung on my coat without thinking, grabbed a few pounds from the housekeeping pot and went out into the night.

A Taxi was turning at the end of the road and I hailed it, "Town centre please." 

"Pedestrianised love, Park Road any good" I agreed, he dropped me, I thought I would take a walk, get a takeaway, think things through, but I had lost track of time and it was half past midnight, not just after Ten. I walked on confused. 

A drunk approached me, I stopped, he offered money for sex, I shook my head, God sex, I could barely remember sex with Harry, I would have almost paid the drunk for sex if I thought he could actually get an erection, it was so long since Harry realised I was a woman with needs and not just a cook housekeeper.

I had been observed, a sharply dressed black guy emerged from the shadows blocking my path, "Good Morning fair maiden, workest thou this thoroughfare this fine morn?"

"What" I asked. 

He continued "This is a renowned thoroughfare for personal services provided professionally by ladies in the employ of yours truly Leroy Brown and I do not want Amateurs ruining my reputation." 

I was not in the mood, "Look," I told him, do I look like a whore?"

"Sure, you do, you put forward a proposition to the gentleman yonder." he said.

"Do you get off on this?" I asked, "with your mock Shakespeare and." He grabbed my arm roughly.

"Hey show some respect," he insisted, "I got my reputation, but like I said&nbsp; we have stadards to maintain, so if you want to work here you work for me, understand."

"No way." I said, "If I want to walk down her I will, if I want to pick up a guy I will, because."

He clamped his hand over my mouth, "Now ain't that the rub," he replied, "undercutting, no little lady that ain't allowed, I set the tariffs, if you want to work here you work for me" he sniffed "And no perfume, punters wife smells that a mile away." He was so strong, virile animalistic and he wanted me, I sensed it.

My heart pounded with excitement as he gripped my wrist with his big black hand, and forced it high up my back,&nbsp; "keep it shut or I'll break your arm" he ordered.

The sheer power the man&nbsp; made me weak at the knees, he moved to grip my throat as if to possess me but instead he released my wrist and rifled through my pockets, "sixty, that all you done, I charge a hundred protection fee so you are in deficit as we speak, come, we will discuss."
 
He wrenched my arm up my back again and gently pushed me toward no 23 Park Street, an ordinary nondescript red brick terraced work-man's house. I was too excited to protest as he pushed me inside, it the hallway and then into the parlour.

The only illumination was a single dim red bulb but there were several people sitting around, two black guys and a white girl together on the settee, naked bare flesh and shadowy entwined bodies in the far corners sent a surge of anticipation rushing through me.

"Hey guys, I got a new Lady" he announced as he undid my coat pulled it down over my shoulders and then flung it into the corner of the room. 

He cupped my breasts through the thin fabric of my blue lightweight summer dress and as my nipples responded he simply grabbed the neck of the dress in both hands and tore it right down the back.&nbsp; I froze in shock seeing all these people watching and before I could react&nbsp; he had stripped my pantyhose and panties to my ankles in a single motion.

His hands went to my sex. his thumb roughly penetrating me to emerge glistening showing my excitement, he slapped my buttocks and I took a step and tripped on the clothing around my ankles, I fell forward and my head landed in someone's lap, It was a man, a well endowed naked black man sitting in an armchair.

His penis reared beside my throat and&nbsp; I tried to get up but as I did so my crotch ground against his torso . As I struggled I felt someone free my ankles by removing my shoes and pantihose and panties and then more hands gripped me feeling me, groping me.

Someone turned me over onto my back, and laid me on the floor releasing and removing my bra in the process. A river of moisture began to flow between my legs and with gentle pressure on my rapidly yielding inner thighs I felt the man's large large erect circumcised penis start to enter me, slipping between my willing lower lips, and into my neglected vagina, to thrust into my very innards, and as he thrust into me so someone held a glass to my lips and I drank, it was smooth like nectar, but the cheap Vodka burned as it went down my throat to warm me and excite me even more.

A large black hand held my arm firmly and I felt the sharp prick of a needle and everything gradually went into beautiful techni-colour and sounds and sensations merged into ecstasy.

Leroy woke me late the next afternoon, I was naked and covered in dried cum, he threw me a skimpy black leather dress, with straps and some flip flops. "Condoms in the pocket, I have decided to take you on girl lets go." 

"Where's my stuff." I asked groggily, "I need a bath."

"You don't need no stuff, now hold still I got a little something for you."

I expected his cock, I got an injection, I felt really good about myself, for the first time for years.


To be continued









Ho 72

Part 2


I took the Black leather dress Leroy threw me, "Where's my stuff," I asked,&nbsp; 

"Someplace." he said, "that's your uniform."

"What about my underwear?" I asked.

"Gets in the way, slows the transaction down, now get dressed." he told me firmly.

I put on the skimpy dress and the Flip flops and followed him to the front door, I felt strangely sexy, and excited as I felt the cool air on my pubes as we went out to his van, he opened the side door, behind the front passenger door, a row of seats were bolted to the floor, they even had seatbelts. A wooden partition just behind the driver blocked the view forwards and there were&nbsp; no side windows or rear windows, so no one could see out or see in.

 "I don't want my hoes making exhibition of their selves" Leroy announced as he drove and after a few minutes we arrived at what I discovered was another terraced house, but this one clearly used as a hairdresser.

Leroy ushered me inside where a black man in denim trousers and a blue shirt waited for us.

"Denzil, my man," Leroy greeted him.

"Yo man" he replied, rather too theatrically.

"Look man I need her on the streets like now in real time man, you prep her, number seventy two, all right."

 Denzil locked the street door, "Hang that rag on the hook Ho,let me look at you."

"Too slow" Leroy announced as he simply lifted the dress off me leaving me naked, I tried to hide my breasts and sex with my hands as far as possible but Leroy he slapped my hands away, I sort of trembled with fear or was it anticipation I felt damp between my legs and felt my nipples stiffening.

Denzil stared, "hell man she is dog rough, she have a job to give it away." 

"That's why I got you to beautify her man silk pussies from dog rough", Leroy explained.

Denzil pointed to the hairdressers chair ,"Sit, bitch," he invited me to take a seat&nbsp; and then his electric&nbsp; clippers started buzzing and he cut a swathe through my pubic hair, two more passes and it was history, he had some wax gently bubbling on his hotplate and soon he had my pubes coated with wax and was waiting for it to harden, he coated my legs too, he took my underarm hair with the clippers and shaved an area above and behind my ears.

 "Hold still Hoe, Denzil called, and I felt the tattooists needles on my scalp, both sides. he finished up and showed me the result LEROY on the right and HO 72 on the left, in the mirror, "so they know who owns you," he explained, then he pulled the waxed strips, it was total agony so Leroy gave me a little injection to calm me. I looked down and my pubes were all clean and fresh and smooth like I was ten years old again, and my legs the same.

Next Denzil trimmed my hair, it was in need of a cut but in seconds Denzil smartened it up, sexed it up in fact, I smiled in the mirror,&nbsp; "Piercings"? Denzil asked 

"Tits and hood" Leroy replied and Denzil started to caress my breasts , the nipples hardened and as they extended Denzil applied the piercing tool first freezing them then piercing, he placed gold sleeves with gold rings through them, and then the same with my clit, it just felt funny at first but when the feeling came back after the freezing wore off it hurt like hell but before I really knew it Leroy threw me my dress and we were back at the van.

I asked Leroy about my clothes again, "Look Ho, I choose what you wear, you just trust Leroy, I'm your man now, I'm your Father, Brother, Lover all rolled into one, I'll look after you". he promised.

We drove on and stopped in the drive of a large detached house, the brass nameplate at the door listed Doctors names and Leroy made me climb the short flight of steps to the front door.

He rang the doorbell and after a few minutes a distinguished man appeared and showed us to a consulting room, Leroy explained "New Ho doc, like she needs a birth control jab," 

"I suppose you want tests for STDs while I am at it," the Doctor suggested, "get undressed my dear " he ordered but before he could respond Leroy again simply lifted the dress off me leaving me naked.

I stood waiting, I put my hands by my side and the Doctor took a sample of blood from my arm and then had me bend over and injected me in the right buttock, it hurt like hell, then he turned to Leroy and said simply "Wait outside Leroy." 

"No body tells", he paused&nbsp; he was gong to say "tells me what to do" but he just said "all right Doc" 

"Just hop up on the bed," the Doctor instructed, "and I will examine you," I did as he asked and he got some contraption and inserted it in my vagina, it was cold it tickled, "Its cold"&nbsp; I told him"

"I warm them usually for private customers but Leroy says not to bother you tarts will stick nything up for a few pounds so what's the point" he said as he fiddled with a thumbscrew and it expanded, pain wracked my body, I screamed,, "shut up you silly bitch" he said in a passionless monotone "and turn over", this time he shoved something up my backside and again expanded it until I screamed, he made notes'

He removed the insertion from my Vagina then pulled the one from my back passage, and after checking his notes he took a little bullet ended black rubber plug from his drawer and started to lubricate it. "No" I said.

He smiled and handed me a glass of something, "Calm your nerves." he suggested and I held it with both hands to stop myself spilling it.

It tasted like vodka, and something else, because I felt sort of drowsy yet like I was flying at the same time, I put the glass down.&nbsp; 

"Just lie back," he suggested and as I did so he eased my knees apart before I knew it he had dropped his trousers and was forcing his prick up inside me,&nbsp; His movements rubbed my clit ring, the sensations sent shudders through me and he started to hump steadily, the feelings just welled up inside me and suddenly boiled over, I guess I had cum.

 He grunted and spurted into his condom., "Not bad, but you're there to please me not bring yourself off." he announced&nbsp; as he produced the lubricated plug again and as her made me turn over he force it up mu bottom, pushing it the final bit with his knee, "Now keep this up your back passage for a while and it will ease the pain of anal," he explained "and I will tell Leroy you should step up a couple of sizes before you start taking punters up there" he wrote on his clipboard and then he requested..&nbsp; "Off you go and don't forget those plugs."

I returned to the van on buckling knees , "Sorted" Leroy asked.

 "No he says I have to wear plugs and avoid anal till I stretch a bit" I said "and he screwed me." 

"Filthy Bastard" Leroy joked as he climbed in with me,he had me sit on the edge of the seat while he tried to enter me but the angles were wrong and we collapsed in a fit of giggles.
Leroy took me to a house where some other girls were sitting around watching TV, "Look Leroy, I need to tell someone where I am before they report me missing." I explained.

"Sure thing Doll", he said handing me a mobile phone. I dialled the number, Harry answered.

"Who is he" he demanded, suspecting I had a lover.

 "He's called Leroy, look its over." 

"Good, don't bother to collect your stuff we'll burn it" he said and slammed the phone down.

Leroy held me "Christ man, what a prick," he said "but we have unfinished business" he led me upstairs to a bedroom with a single bed deftly slipping he straps on my dress and pulling it round my waist like a wide belt, he kissed my new and very tender clit ring sending waves of pain and pleasure coursing through me and checked my nipple rings before he expertly opened me up and slid his giant manhood inside me.

I felt so full it was incredible. his huge prick in my vagina and the butt plug in my backside, it was like pure poetry, as his bronzed prick slowly edged into my pale pink pubes. It was a new and exciting sensation, making love on top of a bed,&nbsp; Harry always "did it" under the covers, I kissed Leroy, he was so lovely and kind and strong and gentle, "Don't ever kiss punters. he ordered." 

"But you said you're my lover, lover, so love me lover", I told him, which seemed to turn him on. 

The door opened, a man and young blonde girl were waiting, Leroy looked back at them, "hey Carl my man try this one she is smoooth." 

The girl looked daggers but Leroy pulled out and Carl took over. He was rougher, pounding into me, making the bed hit the wall with a rhythmic thump. "She ain't bad man, bit too much fat but potential, my man, potential."

I watched TV in the lounge the bathroom was a mess the door missing, and explored the house, it was filthy Harry would have had a fit, I rejoined the others and we watched TV some more then Leroy brought some Mc Donalds and we shared it and then it was work time again, Leroy gave me a little injection and I felt wonderful.

Leroy paired me up with a dark girl, "this Bitch Ho is Emerald, Emerald meet Candy" he said and bizarrely we shook hands. I even had a new name now so it seemed. 

Leroy announced "load up time" and he threw me a coat, "Its cold doll" he explained "Leave the plugs," I was surprised when Emerald also squatted down and pulled her butt plug out to leave it on the side, it was absolutely huge, I shuddered at the thought and we all piled into the Transit van, he dropped some other girls off then it was our turn.

The street was wide and tree lined, a park to our left, houses to the right, twilight, the street lights glowed, a car slowed, Emerald spoke to the driver briefly, "In the back keep down he paid for straight" I climbed in the back and lay down. 

The punter started talking "Look you want a psychiatrist, it a hundred an hour" I snapped, he shut up and stopped in a lay by, in the country, he came before he got it anywhere near me, grey spunk splashed the upholstery, I felt sorry for him yet cheated.

The next guy was fit and made up for it, he made me stand on one leg against a tree in the park , like being fourteen again, then an old codger with his dog, my first pay blow job, I sucked him through a condom so it was ok, the punters seemed happy, they smiled and said nice things when they came, and the stimulation kept me buzzing and excited all night.
&nbsp; 

To be Continued









&nbsp;&nbsp; Three

The grey streaks of morning were staining the sky as Leroy collected us, he drove us a few miles to a nice detached house on a private housing estate where he collected our money, and made sure we all had a little something to help us sleep before he took us upstairs to a bedroom, I was last and instead of tired I felt suddenly horny . There was a simple double bed and girls lay all around it but when I went to lie down he singled me out and said to use the bed, and her even found me a baby doll night dress,&nbsp; and said if I was a good girl he would let me sleep in the bed with him.

He made sure I was wearing the Butt plug, and to my frustration he simply spread my legs and took me up the front, using my vagina like any ordinary punter. I was so disappointed, I wanted it to be special I wanted him to be my first anal, I knew I was tight and that he would enjoy it and I didn't understand why he refused my unspoken offer, but even so he woke me four times in all, the others were so jealous, and I was so proud. 

I woke some time in the afternoon, I asked Leroy about washing my hair, "No Doll, let the rain do it, head lice like clean hair, you don't want those" he wisely suggested.

It was about five o'clock when the phone rang, Leroy covered th mouthpiece and announced
" Job for someone, volunteer, I raised my hand, "it's at a punters house" Leroy announced, he saw my raised hand and threw me a nurses coat, "Wear this" he ordered and he led me downstairs and we set off in his van. 

He dropped me outside a rundown house with a tiny overgrown garden at the front and said, "That one, See you in an hour" It was an old guy, infirm, but randy, I pulled my Butt plug out all slimy and brown and he shot his load there and then, so we spent half an hour with him licking my pussy, he liked it so much that he gave me an extra twenty as a bonus.

Emerald warned me never to volunteer but I did not take any notice, I was very tired by dusk but Leroy gave me a little injection which picked me up nicely and we were taken to a real rough area, I don't know which town, but half the shops were boarded up and we were able to use one for our johns if we wanted, the counters were cold though and there was broken glass but at least it was dry.&nbsp; Leroy and anther guy named Nelson hung around all night,.

I think Nelson liked me, because he took me down a side alley when the business slackened, he made me bend over, and spread my ass cheeks but he was too big, he strained and pushed but my spinchter was still too tight so he gave up and took my vagina from behind, I guess he tore the Condom because he shot his load right into me and he had to put a hand over my mouth as I screamed in ecstasy.

I think Nelson must have said something to Leroy about anal because as soon as he picked me up in the van he made me take an even bigger Butt plug than the one I had been using, it really hurt, but he made me sit down on it until it made its agonisingly painful way right&nbsp; into me, and to be sure he made me sit on the edge of a piece of wood which slid up between my bum cheeks to really force it home. "It's too big" I wailed but he gave me a little injection and the pain went away almost immediately.
Later on Leroy took us&nbsp; to a Bedsit, a single room in a three story town house, we all slept in the one downstairs front room on the floor mostly, Leroy made us four girls undress first, then he made sure we all had our injections before we all slept together naked, at least it was warm all crammed up together; I think Leroy had just hired one room this time, because later we heard him and someone rowing.&nbsp; Leroy made me keep the plug in all night and in the morning he made me take a different even bigger Butt plug, a really short fat red one.

I must have slept almost all day and that evening as it got dark we went out in the van again.
Leroy waited until I got out of the van before he told me to take the plug out, it was torture , I did it down a side street but I thought I was going to mess myself, and it felt so strange not having anything plugging my bottom and then it started raining.
. 
 That night it rained like a monsoon, I remember being down a side street bent double with the rain running down my back as the guy stood in the dry shop doorway and shafted me from behind, my bum gaped open I'm sure but I hadn't had an enema so it was awkward.

Morning found us back at the same single room and instead of the Butt plug Leroy made me take a strap on Dildo up my bum, it was huge about six or seven inches long and slightly curved, just like a Penis in fact, again we all slept together all warm and cosy and naked, Leroy made me move so he could have sex with Jill which really annoyed me.

The next day we drove for hours in the van,&nbsp; just Leroy, me and a girl called Ally, Alison I guess, but I can't be sure as Leroy called me Candy when I'm really Penelope, the noise reverberating around gave me&nbsp; a head ache but next night he had a private party for me, he made a new girl Emma help me with an enema, so it was obvious Anal was required, and made me wear the strap on or is that a strap in because he strapped it around my waist with it's own straps.

The party was in a pre war three bedroom semidetached house, in a tree lined road, all twee and middle class but he made me remove the dildo when we stopped in a lay bye about ten minutes before he dropped me off saying "anything goes," and once inside I found three guys waiting for me.

They were all smartly dressed and I guess in their twenties, there was one sort of a yuppie type white guy and two well spoked black guys, I guess they all worked in the same office or something, they all wore the same sort of shirts, and seemed to know each other real well. The first thing they suggested was that I wear a latex maids uniform they had instead of my skirt and top, they seemed shocked that I was not wearing underwear but I put the uniform on and then the other white guy arrived with some take-aways so they gave me a tray and piled the burgers and fries on it for me to serve them. They were drinking Champagne, with their takeaway, I prefer coke but it was ok.

I tried to be a good waitress but their hands were everywhere and it was only a few minutes before I was lying on the couch sharing their food and then I got naked and they started to try to dip their fries in my sex before eating them, it was sheer torture, the salt itched and drove me crazy, I kept having to use my thumb and then they decided it was time to play.&nbsp; The tray got put to one side, and they suggested we use the couch.

They got undressed, and then one guy sat on the couch, and I straddled him and sank my vagina down on his straining penis and then his friend came up behind, and he pushed his penis up my bottom, almost tearing me apart, as they moved independently.&nbsp; 

I could hardly believe it my first double,&nbsp; they seemed to have done it all before but I was so full and overexcited that I started yelling and they had to slap my face to shut me up.

It just felt so good, being loved by two lovers at one time, and then they changed round, and the other two took a turn, and while they did, the one who fucked my bottom made me suck his penis back to being hard again luckily he changed the condom first!

My pussy was churning and I just had to grab my own nipples and squeeze them as I felt the familiar onset of orgasm, and then suddenly unbelievably, they forgot me and started to play poker.

I watched for a while and then got bored, so I rested against a wall where three of them could see me, and started to finger myself, holding my lower lips apart so they could see, it had the desired effect, and soon they had me lying across the coffee table while they took turns to take me up the back passage, I wanted two at one time again, but they just seemed to want my nice tight anus.

I couldn't believe it when I heard Leroy's voice at the door as he called for me,It seemed I had only just arrived but I guess I was a bit drunk by this time and&nbsp; I wanted to stay and play with my new friends. but they said they had to be at work in the morning so I had to go. 

Leroy had to stop the van as he drove back into town, I had to get out because the motion made me sick, and then he had a real problem because I kept singing and attracting attention, which annoyed him.

He took a drive along the dual carriageway out of time and the droning noise sent me to sleep, he must have carried me indoors because the next thing I knew I was asleep on a floor somewhere, I went back to sleep for a bit and then in the evening Leroy woke me and gave me a little injection as a bit of a pick me up and took me down town.&nbsp; 

It turned out that Leroy had it seemed agreed to sort of lend me to a friend of his, so we stopped outside a betting shop in an old fashioned red brick street, while he used his mobile phone briefly and a few minutes later, a woman came and opened the van door and pointed to an open door beside the shop,&nbsp; Leroy told me to go with her, she spoke to Leroy briefly and then told me to follow her upstairs, "Are you ok," she asked.

"I'm fine" I replied.

"Have you eaten?" she asked.

"Yes," I said as I tried to remember when, but it was a bit of a blur.

"Liar," she said, "You're all skin and bone, I said thin not a bloody skeleton."

I suppose that was my first warning but I felt fine.

It seemed Leroy had promised I would do bondage, he said I was athletic, well I wasn't and I wouldn't but she took me to a nice little bedroom with a nice soft bed where she handcuffed my hands behind me and put a dog collar and leash on me and I was so tired I just lay down and fell asleep. 

I woke as a man tried to force himself on me. "Just a minute, I'm not AAahhhh." I said as he forced his member up inside me. 

"Gee sus," he grunted, "She's tight."

"I wasn't fucking ready moron." I told him.

He slapped my face, he was so strong, he had broad shoulders and sort of rugged good looks at least for a white guy, and suddenly I wasn't dry anymore, he was quite athletic really, I felt he needed a shave, and his breath smelled.

"Well you're ready now ain't you." she suggested.

"Yes," I agreed, "Don't hurt me." 

"Layla said you like a little slap." he suggested.

"No way" I told him firmly, "I never agreed to that."

He grunted a few times and then he was climbing off me and chucking his used condom in the pedal bin. He pulled his trousers up, tucked his shirt in and walked out, and just left me lying there on the bed.&nbsp; I sort of felt rejected in a funny sort of way.

Layla came in "Leroy said you would do anything, I guess he was lying again?"

I nodded, "I don't like being hit."

"Is anal ok?"

"Yes sure," I said with more confidence than I felt. "Can you release my wrists please."

"You look nervous," Layla told me, she seemed nice, she must have been fifty, getting fat, with huge breasts, "We're not as busy as I expected," she said, "I thought we would be rushed off our feet, thats why I called Leroy."

"Oh," I said.

"You could use a bath, have your hair done and you need to eat, it's all very well looking thin but you'll regret it later, when did you last eat?"

"Yesterday, or the day before." I told her.

"I'll send out for a takeaway and I'll stand over you while you eat it." she warned as she released the handcuffs, "come downstairs."

I followed her down and she showed me the bathroom, "Take a shower." she ordered.

I stripped off my top and skirt and climbed into the shower cubicle, the water was lovely and warm and it was a great feeling, but before I could dry myself Layla had a customer for me, he wanted me in the shower, it was no big deal, he was fat balding and shorter than me and I had to bend my knees a bit for him to reach up and get right inside me but he seemed happy enough as I did all the work bouncing on his prick as the water flowed over us
.
All too soon it was over and he had finished with me and he started to dry himself, then he dried me as well, especially between my legs, he spent ages drying me there, except the more he dried the wetter I got, finally he went and I found Layla waiting with some chicken portions in batter, I ate a few to keep her happy, then she found a hair dryer and dried my hair. 

"Leroy should take more care of you." she said, "But I guess you do most of your business in shop doorways or down alleyways." I nodded sadly in agreement.

Leroy came for me quite soon after that, I heard him arguing with Layla and then he just about dragged me out to the van. 

"You do bondage if I say do bondage bitch." he said as he slammed the door.

I heard him walk away and then he opened the door again and just about dragged me back inside.

"I told Leroy I'd show you the ropes," Layla chuckled as she led me upstairs to the same bedroom, but now there were coiled ropes on the bed, Leroy told me to get naked then Layla first bound my wrists behind me and then she forced my elbows together until they almost touched.&nbsp; She wound ropes around my breasts criss crossing between them and around my back and then when she had finished she brought this adjustable metal bar with leather straps and&nbsp; attached it to my left ankle and then they took a foot each and spread me as wide as they could before fixing the other strap.

Layla slid several fingers inside me and showed Leroy how wet they were when they emerged.&nbsp; "She loves it." she announced.

The spreader was impractical so they laid me on the iron framed bed and bound my ankles firmly to the sides before removing the spreader.

"It hurts," I complained, "My arms."

Layla silenced me with a ball gag and soon after she let a man come in and she went out with Leroy and left me and the man alone.

He was just a nondescript grey loser and he just unzipped his fly, pulled on a condom and climbed on and stuck his prick in me, I couldn't stop him even if I wanted. To be honest it was exciting and scarey, but after about two minutes he grunted and it was all over.
He threw a twenty at me before he zippered himself back up and left.

The next guy was real upright, like a soldier, dark hair, probably dyed, green eyes. straight nose, quite thin, he just wanked over me, his filthy grey slime splashing all over my breasts so soon after I got all lovely and clean. It was horrible, Layla wiped most of it off with a cloth, and then they sent in the next guy who was Asian and it was worse because he took out my ball gag and fucked my mouth without a Condom, I gagged at first but he was not that big and I managed to swallow most of it.

I suppose there must have been another half a dozen guys after that, all pretty much the same, just straight in no messing, they all seemed to just shoot their load after about thirty seconds so I got more and more frustrated.

Layla saw I was anxious so she pulled the ball gag out and asked what was wrong.

"I need to cum."&nbsp; I told her.

"You need to look after the customers." she said, "The Punters like you to be excited, I'll make you cum when it's home time." she promised, as she thrust a thumb up inside me and played with my clit ring.

I felt something stirring within me, Layla certainly knew what she was doing as she probed and kneaded and finally she reached into a drawer and took a huge vibrator maybe ten inches long and thicker than my wrist, which she gradually forced inside me and then she switched it on and left the room. "There," she&nbsp; smiled, "you see I look after my girls needs."

It was torture, it just excited me further without quite getting me to the point of cumming and it was gradually slipping out of me and there was nothing I could do about it.

I was getting unbelievably frustrated when a really beautiful man stepped into the room, young perhaps twenty, blonde, blue eyed, with a perfect complexion, he wore faded denim jeans and a white tee shirt, he simply started to untie me, rope by rope until I was able to release the ball gag myself, "What do you want?" I asked him.

"Oh, I'm John, I work here," he told me, "sorry, Layla asked me to untie you."

"Work here?" I asked.

"Not everyone is straight!" he pointed out.

"Layla said she would make me cum." I explained.

"Well you'll have to look after yourself." he told me, as he nodded towards the Vibrator now buzzing quietly on the mattress, he picked it up and nuzzled the tip back inside me. "Now how's that?" he asked.

"Please don't mess around," I asked and then I just grabbed that vibrator and shoved it hard into me, it filled me and felt glorious "Oh thats better," I announced, and then John reached across and flicked a switch, suddenly the buzzing intensified, and it was all too much, I started to float, everything welled up inside me and then suddenly everything was calm again.

"Phew," I gasped as I pulled the Vibrating monster out of me, "How does it switch off?"

"That was disgusting." John announced.

"You didn't need to watch." I reminded him, "where's the switch?"

"On the bottom, middle position is off." he replied.

I&nbsp; turned the monster off and jumped down from the bed, I dressed and waited for something to happen or someone to come,&nbsp; John looked at me quizzically, "Breakfast?" he suggested.
"Follow me."

It seemed strange to be drinking orange juice and eating cereals around a long kitchen table with John, and&nbsp; Layla and three girls I had not seen before.

"Leroy will collect you later on so why not get some sleep?" Layla suggested, and I followed her advice and slept the day away in that lovely soft bed.&nbsp; 

Leroy collected me in the van later, it was early evening, hr gave me a little fix as soon as I got in the van but I sensed some hostility form the other girls as if I had been on a cushy number or something.

He dropped me and a girl called Sara outside a pub I knew well, there were a maze of back alleys and good places to take customers, as well as the industrial estate where they could take us in their cars.

Leroy came for us around two o'clock when the streets went quiet and took us back to a house we had used before and we all slept in a single downstairs room.

To be Continued











 Four

I woke in the early afternoon when Leroy's Mobile phone rang, he wanted someone for a special job, I volunteered but Leroy chose another girl and I watched as they set off towards the van, "It's not fair." I complained.

 Leroy turned, "Check yourself in the mirror bitch."&nbsp; he said and strode away.

I turned to look in the mirror on the mantlepiece, my face seemed thinner than before, and more lined and my teeth were filthy, but as I looked down I realised I had lost weight and my breasts were sagging. I sat down, I always had a weight problem before, I didn't know what to think.

"You want to get your Tits done honey," a black girl suggested, as she posed showing her mountainous bust, "You don't think these are real do you?"

I waited for Leroy to come back, "Why didn't you choose me?" I demanded. "Is it my breasts?"

"Well, girl, they sure ain't going to poke any eyes out are they? he replied.

I felt worthless suddenly, but then he said, "I guess we could get them fixed up."

"Really?" I asked.

"Sure, I'll set it up." he promised.

It was about a week later that he woke me one morning, I noticed he was wearing a suit, and her found me a white floral pattern skirt and a blouse with a matching white bra and panties. I needed a little something to calm my nerves but her refused and I got the shakes quite badly and my feet were freezing as he drove me to a detached house in a leafy suburb.

We went inside and found a white uniformed receptionist at a desk in what had once been the dining room, and a makeshift operating theatre in the matching room the other side of the entrance hall. I had to sit and wait and then an young Asian man in a white coat came through and spoke to Leroy.

"I'm Osama," he announced, "Ossie to my friends at Uni"

"Leroy," Leroy answered, "Just do something with these saggy tits, sex them up&nbsp; bit doc, take the sag out." Leroy suggested.

"She's a bit rough, has she got an eating disorder?" the Ossama enquired.

"She eats most days." he replied, "Less questions more action." 

"Are you on any medication" Ossie asked his running his eyes down a checklist.

"She's a junkie man, just tick everything and get cutting." Leroy insisted and Ossie suggested I step into the operating room.

It was an ordinary sitting room, horrible greenish wall paper, dark wood skirting boards and fireplace yet in the middle was an operating table with bright lights on a metal frame over the top of it.

"Get your Tits out." Leroy ordered and as I slipped off my blouse and bra he grabbed my left breast.

My weeks of going bra less and not eating properly had taken their toll and my breast hung limply, I never noticed really and my punters were not usually fussy, and really as long as I had a little injection to calm me I didn't care too much.

They just put a face mask on me then Ossie was cutting, it hurt but when I cried out Leroy just said "Shut the fuck up."

I felt everything, the horrible dead feel of the implants going in, the manipulation and then the dead weight bearing down.

"Plenty of spare skin, hows about an E" Ossie suggested.

"Yeah do it." Leroy agreed.

Ossie took the implant back out again and then I felt an even larger mass sliding and then as a dead weight on my chest and then Ossie was stitching me up. It was horrible, there was blood and everything and I passed out.

He did the other breast the same and then he found me a sort of medical support bra.

Ossie took my face mask off and when I recovered a bit I stepped down from the Table and nearly fell over,&nbsp; the weight was horrific, the pull on the bra straps making them bite deep into my shoulders.

"Now that's better." Leroy said and I felt like a million dollars,"

"Now be careful for few days." Ossie suggested.

I couldn't get the blouse done up so they lent me a coat, just to get to the Van with, then we went to a house I vaguely recognised and Leroy led me into the parlour, four black men sat around in the Lounge and Leroy showed me in, "Show the brothers your new assets." Leroy ordered and I slipped off my Bra to show them.

I could see their erections tent poling their jeans, so I took off my skirt and panties and said "Who's first."

Strong hands gripped my waist, then cupped my new breasts, I worried about the stitches but then someone pulled out my Butt plug, I had forgotten it was in and straight away a big muscular cock was spreading my ass lips and banging into me.

My pussy was leaking craving attention, luckily the second man noticed and as the first withdrew he took me right up my sopping hole. I think I orgasmed, or was it when the third did it, I remember the first guy making me suck his shit streaked cock back to life as the fourth fucked my ass and someone sucked my left nipple and I definitely orgasmed that time. 
The scars took ages to heal and start to fade and it was really awkward to walk with all the dead weight of my breasts but Leroy got me some really high heels, and walking became a total nightmare, but little by little I realised I was being taken to more up market places, quite often someplace where I could use a room, or a garage with a mattress not a back alley, and Leroy started to insist I had a bath and he got Amelia who was a hairdresser once to do my hair.

Life was good, I got up around five and had a little pick me up and then I chose something to wear, Leroy bought me a tight black miniskirt and a flared gold one and some tops that left my midriff bare bit emphasised my bust, sometimes I just went to a room and someone else took the money, that was the best, obviously my breasts just stayed pointy as I lay down instead of going floppy like genuine ones, so it was real good.

I had a maid one night, a little Chinese girl she whizzed round with a wet wipe so I could just lie there between punters, I guess it was a regular brothel or something but my memories are a bit hazy.

It was about this time that things started changing, I started getting the shakes and terrible hunger pangs, then one day Leroy sat down with me, "Look, you been around a while now."

I knew he was dumping me, I cried. "Please no" I suggested, "Don't dump me."

"Hell no girl, but I got trouble, I need someone reliable to keep my new establishment ticking over." he suggested, "You worked for a solicitor one time?" he asked.

"Yes," I replied.

"Then you could be that lady." He agreed, "I been giving you short dose of your fix, you been eating a whole lot better, I bet you feel a whole lot better,"

"No," I said "the same."

"You got too thin, you see the photograph I took."

I glanced casually at the polaroid and was amazed at how thin I had become.

"See, the doc said you was dangerously thin, so I fed you up a bit," he admitted, "So what do you say."

"I guess." I replied."Do I have to deal the Heroin?"

Leroy just laughed. "I want out the street business, girls coming in from Poland, all that shit, Massage, that's the future."



To be Continued.







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  A.Broadsword


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





