BDSM Library - Submissive for You




Submissive for You
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A lovely girl submits to a well deserved spanking, and is then strung up for a well deserved fucking.






I stand before you... I wear a wife beater, no bra, and shorts. I am a little nervous, I know what will come, and its the mix of both pleasure, pain and humiliation that I anticipate and fear, just a little.



At your direction, I slip the shorts down, leaving my panties on. I then turn and lay down on your lap, hair hanging over the side of the chair, legs off the other side and my ass presented to you, willingly. I place my arms forward, above my head, to make sure I am obedient, and don't interfere with your desires.



You take a moment to caress my ass... and I bury my face in my raised arms which hang over the arm of the chair. You pull down the panties. I wait, breathing hard in anticipation. There is moisture between my legs. This feeling both embarrasses and arouses me.



You spank. Each stroke on my bare skin stings, and I jump just a little. After 6 strokes you stop... and take the time to explore and observe my most private areas.



Even though I am softly crying, from the sting and the humiliation of being punished, I spread my legs slightly for you. You play with me, and then finish the punishment with 6 more slaps to my now reddening buttocks.



I slide down, kneel at your feet, and place my head on your lap as you kiss me lightly, and stroke my long black hair... comforting me.



It is the best feeling in the world, to have you punish me, and love me.



-----



As I stood there, arms pulled above me, tied to the rope and hanging from the beam in the garage, I felt the familiar exposure of helplessness. With it, I felt the nervousness, the anticipation of what would come next. Being open to you, at your whim, made me lose myself...



I concentrated on relaxing my arms and back, to keep the cramps from developing too quickly.



You emphasized my helplessness, my exposure and vulnerability, by stroking me. Touching my body, sliding your hand around and probing my most intimate places, you knew just where my sensitive spots were. The involuntary wriggle caused by your squeeze of my nipple increased the stress on my back. I doubled my efforts at being still.



My shirt was ripped off, and I felt the chill of air on my breasts. I knew my nipples were hard, and I knew you could see them and were aware of my arousal. I hung my head, my hair drifting over the top of my breasts... I could see it sticking there, the sweat making my hair cling to my chest.



The cramps began in my back... I stood on tip toe, which relieved the feeling, although temporarily. "I have a new toy for you", you whispered in my ear, and I raised my eyes to look at you.



You kneeled before me, and fastened a restraint to one ankle. Then I felt my leg being pushed out as a restraint was buckled to the other. A leg spreader. My legs were spread out from each other, wide. The result - I could no longer reach the floor, and I swung, just inches above.



Naked, exposed like this, I reached my subspace... I was no longer me, I was your plaything, and I accepted this. The pain made me feel alive... the vulnerability made me feel yours, totally at your command. I wanted you to take me so badly, but I knew that it would happen when you were ready, not me.



You stood back and looked at me. I had some idea what you saw... a tall, lean body stretched so that my muscles, ribs, and hips were exposed and etched in contrast. My breasts hanging down only slightly, as they were lifted by my arms above my head. The sweat of the pain and exertion giving my naked skin a sheen.



After observing your handiwork and allowing time for me to stop wiggling and give in to the new position, you approached me, and placed your hands around my ass, one hand on each cheek. I don't remember you removing your clothes, but you were naked beside me, and I felt your cock brushing my inner thigh.



That brush made me realize, once again, how exposed the spreader made me feel. The feeling of helplessness rushed across me, and I embraced it, cherished it, reveled in it. "Please..." I moaned.



"Please what, my dear?", you answered softly. "I think I know. All in good time."



Your cock brushed first one thigh, and then the other... i felt some wetness... was that me? Or was it you? I simply hung there, waiting, hoping that I was giving you pleasure. You kissed me, deep and the pain and strain on my shoulders disappeared for a moment and I kissed you back, deeply. The full length of your body pressed against mine, and I wiggled to try to move in to position. I wanted you, inside me, so badly.



One of your feet hooked the spreader bar, and pulled me closer. You then stepped inside the bar, so my legs were pulled around yours, slightly... the bar behind your legs. Your cock rose, and touched my pussy lips, and entered.



I involuntarily threw my head back and moaned loudly... "oh, god, yes... please...". Your grip around my ass tightened and controlled me, pulled in and on to you, allowing you to begin thrusting. I kissed you, concentrating on cooperating with you and you pushed in to me. I felt you inside, and the pleasure mixed with the cramping pain, and the familiar feeling of being more alive than ever filled my mind.



Lost in the situation... lost in the struggle of pleasure, lost in being only yours, your toy, your plaything... I lifted up, pulling myself up by my bound arms, and lifted my spread legs until my knees clung to your hips. The perfect angle was formed, and you plunged deeply, stroking firmly.



My climax came suddenly. I cried out, and pushed, impaled on you, and the world disappeared, all but you inside me. I felt the convultions of my body, the gripping of my knees, the concentrated pleasure spreading across my body. Mixed with the pain, it was as intense as I had ever felt.



As I began to slowly come down, I felt your thrusts increasing in urgency. "Cum for me my master, my love..." I whispered.



With a cry that sounded like an animal grunt, you came... I could feel it inside, your cock growing rock hard, the muscles contracting, the warmth inside. The satisfaction of having you come inside me was what I lived for.



As we both finished, you slowly pulled out of me. I felt every inch of your cock slowly retreat, and felt the head as it passed my pussy lips. You recovered, and slowly lowered my suspension rope, allowing my spread feet a firm stand on the ground, but keeping my arms in the air. The cramping subsided.



As I stood there, legs spread wide, I felt a little bit of you trickle slowly down my leg.



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Doctor Flotsom


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





