BDSM Library - Malevolent Rapture




Malevolent Rapture
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: just an \"innocent\" strole through the park after dark






&nbsp; As Lilly walks through the damp night air, the tiny hairs on the back of her neck tell her she's not alone in the darkness. The menacing row of trees on either side of the path are hiding something... someone. She can feel the echo of her heart pounding in her ears. It jumps a beat in her chest at every snapped twig and crunching leaf as she makes her way back to the dorms. The roofs of the heavy stone of the college buildings looming over the treetops up ahead. If she can only make it to the lamp post where the path forks. Its dim glow no more than a few hundred yards away. In the back of her mind, the place where even as adults, our scared, child-like selves still reside, Lilly tells herself that if she can just get to that pitiful stream of light everything will be ok, and the monsters will go away. 
&nbsp;&nbsp; The thought has barely enough time to make it out of her head and ease her thumping chest before it snatches her up like a spider lying in wait for a piece of prey to stumble past. Panic wraps itself around her throat, catching her breath in a tightening grip. Instinct kicks in as Lilly tries to raise her arms to fight back. But they are being pinned against her chest as she's dragged off the path and into the thick cover of trees. The front of her body connects with the heavy metal fence as she's thrown up against it. The crushing weight of the man pushing her up against the chainlink takes her breath away once more although she finds just enough of it to let out a desperate plea. 
&nbsp;&nbsp; "Please don't hurt me! I'll give you whatever you want, please just let me go!" she begs to the shadow behind her. 
&nbsp;&nbsp; Sickly hot breath hisses into her ear as his body presses up against her own. His hands beging feeling up and over her trembling body.
&nbsp;&nbsp; "SHHH, It's ok, babygirl, don't worry, this'll only hurt a little bit.. mmm, but you're going to LOVE it!" His tongue running up the edge of her ear sends a shiver up her spine. He presses into her back and she can feel his excitement growing against her. "We're just going to play a little game you and I. Don't be scared babydoll, shh, dont be scared... this will feel sooo good... you'll see, I promise." 
&nbsp;&nbsp; She groans and squeezes her eyes shut as she feels his rough hand slide up under her skirt and between her thighs. 
&nbsp;&nbsp; "Mmm... what's this, no panties? Oh that's real nice babygirl. You knew I was going to be waiting here for you tonight didn't you, you cockhungry lil' slut" He grabs a handful of tight firm cheek, rubs his hand over it and gives her a nice hard slap on her ass.
&nbsp;&nbsp; "Please stop... please stop..." She whimpers as fingers snake their way between the lips of her sweet young sex. They slide gently between them, rubbing front to back and over, back and forth. He rolls the tip of his index finger lightly around the tip of her clit. She shudders as they return to rubbing up her smoothly shaven pussy, much more forcefully than only seconds ago. 
&nbsp;&nbsp; "Oh yeah, are you getting wet for me baby? Mmm, you like that don't you?" A handfull of hair is wrapped around the fingers of his other hand as she pleads with him again, 
&nbsp;&nbsp; "Oh no, dont!... please god..." 
&nbsp;&nbsp; He laughs horsely, "He cant help you, my little beauty, nobody can," he grinds his body against her and breaths in her scent, "mmm, you're mine now, my new lil' toy... and I just love to play rough with my sweet lil' playthings." Without another word he pulls her head back and pushes his fingers deeply up inside of her. 
&nbsp;&nbsp; She tries to cry out in pain but he instinctively lets go of her hair and wraps the hand around her mouth. Nothing but a muffled yowl, followed by another as he worms his fingers up inside her tight little body. 
&nbsp;&nbsp; "Oh yea, are you ever tight baby. Can you feel Daddy's big fingers up in that tight little pussy of yours? Oh yes you can, now you be a good girl and cum for me hunny" He wiggles them deep up inside her and presses on her clit with his thumb, "Mmm, I love it... haha, yeah! I know you like it too, dont you? Yes, you fucking love this dont you. Say it, I want to hear you say how much you like it" He takes his hand away from her mouth for her reply. 
&nbsp;&nbsp; "No! Let me go you fucking bastard! Fuck you!" She screams at him, trying to wriggle free. He tries to cover her mouth with his hand again but she bites into his flesh like a frightened animal. He grits his teeth through the shearing pain as a trickle of blood runs down his arm. Her diffiance rages through him like thunder. 
&nbsp;&nbsp; "Fucking little bitch!" he spins her around and slaps her hard across the face then grabs her by both arms so tightly she ties to cower from him. "Guess I'll have to teach you fucking lesson!" He spins her back around and slams her forward into the fence. He grabs her by both arms, pulling them painfully behind her back. Cold steel snaps across each of her wrists as the cuffs bite into them. He takes her by the hair again, turns her around to face him and forces her down on her knees. He unzips his black jeans and pulls himself out. He holds her head still against the fence by a mitt full of hair and puts his erection up to her mouth. 
&nbsp;&nbsp; "Open it so I can throatfuck that dirty little mouth of yours" The words come out mechanically as he taps the end of his cock on her face and rubs the smooth rounded head across her pouting lips, trying to push it through them. She looks up at him with fear in her eyes and tries to shake her head no. He reefs her head back viciously and brings his face down in hers. His cold black eyes stare right into her very soul. His voice growls with anger and frustration, "OPEN your fucking MOUTH!... or do I have to open it FOR you?" He holds up a heavy fist.
&nbsp;&nbsp; She whimpers and opens her mouth slightly, closing her eyes. He grins and sticks the head of his cock between her quivering lips. "If I feel any teeth I'll break that pretty little jaw and finish with you the easy way, got it?" Lilly acnowledges his threat and he smiles "Now you be a good girl for Daddy."
&nbsp;&nbsp; He takes her by the sides of the head and holds it still against the fence. As he slides his hard cock in and out of her sweet hot mouth. Quiet moans escape his lips and he bites the lower as his trusting hips move forward and deeper into her mouth. She gags as the head of his penis hits the back of her throat and he grins down at her. 
&nbsp;&nbsp; "That's a good girl, you like that eh? How deep can you swallow that down baby, hmm? Yeah, you are such a good little slut arent you?" He thrusts his hips into her face again and again, each time she tries to lurch forward and turn her head away to catch her breath. "That's it, no no, you're not goin anywhere babygirl, I told you, you belong to me now... shh, that's it... mmm, fuck yeah, mmm, swallow that cock baby..." he grips the sides of her head and pushes into her as hard as he can. He tires to push himself down into her throat and hold it there for a moment but she chokes and gags so hard she manages to pull away just enough. He repositions slightly making sure of his grip on her. 
&nbsp;&nbsp; "Open that throat up for me baby. It's ok, just let that nice hard cock slide right down that beautiful throat. Common now, do it for Daddy." the tone in his voice is that of a teacher lovingly instructing his new student, "Here, I'll show you, you can do it" He reaches down with his now free hand and slides it down through the unbuttoned collar of the girl's blue silk blouse. He fondles her breasts,&nbsp; squeezing it and rolling her plump round nipple between his thumb and finger. 
&nbsp;&nbsp; A sudden, merciless pinch as he clamps his fingers down on it and twistes sharply causing Lilly to flinch in pain as she gasps around a slobbering mouthful of cock. He takes the oppertunity to put his other hand on the back of her head and force her to swallow the rest of the shaft deeper into her throat. He holds her there like that for what feels to Lilly like forever. With her arms cuffed behind her back, the young girl is powerless to stop him, unable to move, breathe, or cry out for help. "See... that's it, that's it," he groans as he stuffs himself so deep he feels her nose touch his stomach, "that's a good girl. Oh yeah, shit, there's a good girl. Take that big fucking cock for Daddy! Haha, yeah!" Her eyes flood over with tears as her body goes limp for a second. He pumps into her mouth once more before pulling himself out and letting her drop to the ground. He snickers and bends down on one knee bringing his lips to her ear as she sobs, coughing, in the grass. "I told you you'd like it," he licks her ear lobe and she groans and turns her face away from him, "but if you'd rather play the roll of the unwilling victim then that's how I'll have to treat you" 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; He takes her by the arm and lifts her back up on her knees in the cold wet grass. This time when he tells her to open her mouth again, she does so without any real fuss. A dark bandana is pulled out of his back pocket, put in her mouth, and tied tight around her head. 
&nbsp;&nbsp; "Just in case you decide you want to be naughty and scream again"
&nbsp;&nbsp; He makes her stand up and the two briskly walk over to a small wooden bench between two large trees just off of the path where he had grabbed her in the beginging of this nighmare. He pushes her down infront of it and bends the upper part of her body over the seat. Her presses the side of her head down on the planks of damp wood while he gets on his knees behind her. He leans over to watch her face as he uses his other hand to lift her skirt up over her bare ass. He rubs his hand over her smooth bottem and up between her thighs, inserting one finger and than another into her pussy, twisting them and drilling them up inside of her body. He pushes them so deeply that his knuckles grind into her painfully. She bites down on the gag in her mouth and tries to pull her hips away from his hand. She only accomplishes receiving another round of painful slaps on her smooth firm ass leaving perfect reddened handprints forming across her pale skin. She yelps in pain at each stikes and tries in vain to beg his mercy.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "You want more?" he smiles coldly "Ok then, I can give you more... much more" 
&nbsp;&nbsp; "Nnn! Plzz!" Another sob mutters out from behind the gag stuck between her teeth. He chuckles and brings himself down on top of her, crushing her into the bench. He wraps his hand around her throat and pulls her head back towards his face. 
&nbsp;&nbsp; "Have you ever had a fist shoved up inside that little pussy, baby? No? Well, I think it's time Daddy's lil girl gets her lesson. Hmm, would you like that?" 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Lilly's pathetic muffled objections do her no good as he leans back and begins putting his fingers up into her once again. Slowly at first, one... then two, three. Each time, before he adds another, he helps her to take them by nipping her clit between his fingernails. When he's reached four up inside her strained little body, his thumb begins rubbing and tormenting her hardened little nib, readying her for what's coming next. She begs him not to go any further, the pain is already too much for her tight little body. "Now, just relax, let Daddy see what a good little girl you can be ok?" In an instant, he pushes down on her lower back and inserts the last, working his hand all the way up inside her. Her eyes bulge in dibelief of the stinging pain and she lets out a gasping, screaming wail. He works against her body, gradually forcing his hand up to the wrist 
&nbsp; "OH fuck YEAH! Haha." He laughs softly at her defeat once more, "I KNEW you could do it baby. oh yes, you are a good little slut for Daddy, arnt you?" Her blubbering moans are no match for his pleasure, "That's perfect, yeah that's so good, shhh, be a good girl now. Stretch that nice lil cunt for me baby" He starts to pump his arm into her, he wraps his other arm around her waist and rubs furiously at her clit as he plunges into her with his fist. "Are you gonna cum for me baby? Hmm? Are you gonna cum for Daddy you lil' slut... huh?" He drives his fist into her hard and deep, turning and twisting it up inside Lilly's wrenching body. He pulls his entire hand out with one swift motion and viciously rubs and pinches her hardend clit, smaking her ass as hard as he can. She moans loadly as one pressure is released and a new one builds inside of her. She blacks out for a second as she cums harder then she's ever before. Her juices trickle down her leg and over his hand. Her body rushes with heated electricity as she looses control of herself in that moment. 
&nbsp;&nbsp; He allows her to finish and her body relax before taking his cock out of his pants again and rubbing the tip against her throbbing, aching pussy. Before the intensity of what he just did to her goes away, he pushes the head of his still erect cock through her wet, ready lips and begins to grind his hips into hers. He grabs her around the neck with both hands and pulls her head back, arching her back forcibly. He slams his massive, rockhard cock into her tight tender pussy over and over again. His movements are brutal, yanking her head back and choking her violently. He squeezes her breasts while he fucks her with animalistic crulty. Her whimpering, mufled cries for mercy only seem to make him want to fuck her sweet tender cunt harder and faster then before. A punishment for each tiny noise of petition.
&nbsp;&nbsp; "Hmmm, I dont think you've been punished enough for that little outburst earlier. I think you still need to be taught a lesson. I think Daddy's little girl needs to be taught some manners." He pulls out of her and spreds the cheeks of her reddened ass. He puts the head of his long, thick cock up to her tight anal opening and begins to force himself in dry. She screams and pleads with him to stop, but he only pushes harder until his cock has stretched her tiny hole to suit his needs. 
&nbsp;&nbsp; "Oh you are so TIGHT, you've never had your little ass fucked before have you?" 
&nbsp;&nbsp; "Nnn! Nnn! Ahhh!" She shrieks, shaking her head feriously. He smiles as he begins to glide into her, each time penitrating deeper and deeper. 
&nbsp;&nbsp; "Uhhh... god that feels so good doesnt it? You've been waiting for this havent you?" He slams into her as hard as he can as his bawling captee bites into her the gag and screams. "Mmm...You filthy lil whore...what's that?" he askes with a mocking edge in his voice, "Aww, does this hurt? It's supposed to hurt baby, thats what make's it soooo great." He buries his cock in Lilly's ass. She continues her attempt to wriggle free of his clamped hands around her neck but he pounds into her tight little hole without mercy. She tries to cry out for him to stop, pleading with him to stop it. It's so bad she can barely take a breath. Only making him fuck her harder and even more relentlessly. He grabs the bandana at the back of her head and yanks it back, forcing her to bow her back for him again as he hammers away. She can barely take a breath it hurts so badly. She can feel herself begin to slip away into some dark pool of murky conciousness, she only tries for an instant to fight this feeling but it feels so stangly good, almost comforting. It's almost too much how good it's beging to feel and when he suddenly stops. She groans with complaint inspite of herself. 
&nbsp;&nbsp; She cant believe it but she wants more? Her mind aches for more. 
&nbsp;&nbsp; "Plzzz," she begs him, "plzz..." 
&nbsp;&nbsp; He slams into her once more. "You like it dont you, that place feels nice doesn't it, my little beauty" 
&nbsp;&nbsp; "How the fuck does he know that?" Her mind loses the battle once again. The tears pour from her eyes as she hears her own obscured voice answer back "...mmhhmm..." 
&nbsp;&nbsp; "Do you want more? Tell me, tell Daddy want you want baby. If you tell me, you can go home..." the smile in his voice sends shivers up her spine and down it again. He pulls the gag out of her mouth and she hears that oddly familiar voice come out of her head again. 
&nbsp;&nbsp; "Yes, please... i... i want more" 
&nbsp;&nbsp; He puts his throbbing cock into her dripping pussy and pulls her hips back against him firmly. She can feel him inside of her now, provoking her. She can feel herself tighten around him. He fucks her steadily until he can't hold back anymore and pulls his aching cock out of her. He grabs her by the arms and lifts her onto the bench. Standing in front of her he puts one foot on the bench and grabs her by the back of the head. 
&nbsp;&nbsp; "Suck Daddy's cock clean, little slave!" He shoves it into her mouth and forces himself to the back of her throat. "Did you really think I was gonna play nice? Suck that shit good or I'll fucking hurt you real nice this time." He throatfucks her sweet little mouth. When she gags on him he only pushes her head down harder and longer. "That's it! Yeah suck that cock, bitch. That's beautiful! Yea... oooohhhh fuuuuuccck!"
&nbsp;&nbsp; Lilly's eyes well-up with tears as the hot splash hits the back of her throat. She tries to turn her head away but he grabs it with both hands and holds her tight, pumping it into her throat as far as he can. 
&nbsp;&nbsp; "Don't you dare. Fucking swallow that shit, girl, I mean ALL of it!" Victory washes over his face as she gives into him. "That's a good girl" He steps down and does up his pants. He pulls her to her feet and pulls the gag up and back between her lips, making sure to tighten it securely again. She looks at him with an air of terrified confussion, her eyes search his face for what going on here.
&nbsp;&nbsp; But you said...
&nbsp;&nbsp; He laughs in her face, clamping his hand around middle of her neck he whispers in her ear, "I said you could go home, I never said it was gonna be to your own." He starts to lead her across the grass and back towards the parking lot at the far end of the park. "I have someone who would like to meet you, baby, she's waiting for me at home. You can stay in the playroom. You'll love it down there, it's perfect for a good little girl like you. I can't wait to watch the two of you play with eachother" 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; She can't believe this is all still happening as he leads her over to the only vehical in the lot, a black van with no windows on the side. He slids the door open. As the light inside comes on, she wonders if this nightmare is ever going to end. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The bed in the back isnt what makes her heart pound hard in her chest... but the bench seat and shackels that are attached to it does. He lets it sink in abit for her before he makes her to get in and follows behind, sliding the door closed behind them. He makes her sit in the seat and lean forward, unlocking and removing the cuffs. He pushes her back against the back of the seat and closes a bulky leather restaint around her neck, locking it in place to confine her to the chair itself. He places her wrists onto the arms of the chair and closes the metal shackles over them, they click into place. He spreds her long legs and locks her ankles into their own restraints against the welded base of the seat. Her legs themselves are then spred and leather straps are wraped around her tighs and buckled to either sides of the chair. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; When she's securely in place, with her legs spred wide, he kneels in front of her and lifts up the bottom of her skirt, exposing the red, tortured lips of her oversexed parts. He inserts his long thick fingers between them slowly. She pulls against the shackles as his touch becomes harder and his rough fingers find their way to part her open once more. He dips his middle finger into her little cunt and wiggles it back and forth, rubbing it agaisnt the walls of her sex as she moans and once more begs for him to stop. He uses the forefinger and thumb of his other hand to spread her puffy pink lips apart. He leans forward and teasingly flicks the tip of her hard little nub with his tongue. She instantly clenches her jaw and resists againts the restraints as sweet warm cum trickles out of her and down over her ass cheeks. He puts his mouth down against her. His hot breath only adding to the unyelding sensations of fire in the pit of her stomach. He glides his tongue up and into her sweet wetness, sucking on the lips of her sex, lapping at her clit with the tip of his tongue. Biting it and sucking on it as she struggles and wriggels helpessly in the bondage chair. He starts to move his fingers in and out of her tortured lil hole faster and faster, taking quck licks of her clit in between her deep finger pounding. Her whole body flinches against the tight restraints. She cries out in extacy as a squirting orgasm shoots bolts of intense heat from her the pit of her stomach and down through her toes. She desperately tries to pull herself away, but the chair with its neck brace and leg spreding shackles wont allow her even an inch of benevolence. He takes no notice of her uncomfortable state, hears nothing of her begging and pleading for him to stop, that she cant take anymore, that he's hurting her. 
&nbsp;&nbsp; He stops for a moment and turns away from her. When he turns back a second later he's holding a long silver object. He switches the device on and the shiny vibrater buzzes to life like a hive of angry wasps. It's brought against her sensitive clitoris and Lilly lets out another set of half-hearted complains.
&nbsp;&nbsp; "You belong to me, I own this sweet little cunt, do you understand me, Lilly?" 
&nbsp;&nbsp; She mutters something but grits her teeth through another forced orgasm. 
&nbsp;&nbsp; "I cant hear you Lilly, say it," he pushes, "tell me that I own this juicy little pussy and will do whatever I want to it." He holds the device up to her clit and presses it against her. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Her mind starts to fade out again as she floats away back to the foggy pool far far away from when her body is chained in place. 
&nbsp;&nbsp; "Say it Lilly, call me your fucking Master." the tone in his voice commands her to come back from inside that murky pool once again, "Tell me you want me to make you cum like the little fuckslut you are. Tell Daddy what he wants to here. I want you beg me to make you cum... like this" 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Another screaming moan as the volume on the device is turned up another notch and Lilly's tender pussy explodes in orgasm, soaking both the seat and toy he holds in place to beat madly on her clit. "Tell me Lilly," he commands again as she gasps and tries to speak through tears and clenched jaw, "That's it, say it babygirl, tell the both of us who you belong to" He reaches up and tweaks her left nipple hard as he glids the vibrated over the tip of her clit with a feather light accuracy that sends her bound tighs desperately trying in vain to buck and kick away from him. But she cant even move them an inch, her feet dont listen either, she suddenly remembers him binding them as well to this fucking chair.
&nbsp;&nbsp; She screams in exhausted frustration into the bandana now soaked with saliva and sweat. It tastes so bitter in her mouth she wishes he would at least free her from it if nothing else. Another thought that has no time to process in her head as another finger is inserted into her dripping pussy and the vibrator placed right on the very tip of her hardened clit. 
"Ahhh! Ggg!" her cheeks and lips begin to tingle as beads of sweat run down her brow.
&nbsp;&nbsp; He grins up at her, "I want you to fucking say it, come on my pretty little slave, tell me what I want to hear... right now," he cranks the device to full power and glares up at her. Her eyes plead to him before sqeezing tightly shut. He takes the vibrater and places it on her breast, rolling it over her nipple. It hardens instantly and he pinches it between his fingers, doing the same to the other side. Teasing her as she's held fast in the chair, helpless, body and arms forced still, legs spred wide and linched into place. Succulant little cunt spred open ever so nicely infront of him for all his twisted pleasures. 
&nbsp;&nbsp; "Say it babygirl. Who do you belong to?" He pulls the gag down out of her mouth.
&nbsp;&nbsp; "You..." she whimpers as tears roll down her flushed cheeks. She tries to sink back into the chair, still trying to escape. 
&nbsp;&nbsp; "Hmm, yeah thats right, you little bitch, and this sweet little pussy belongs to me too... doesnt it?" he growls, "Say it! Say: Yes Daddy" He rubs and inflicks more torment on her clit with the whirring vibrater, torturing her into submission once again. "Say it you dirty little slut, or I WILL punish you!"
&nbsp;&nbsp; "Oh god, yes..." she cries as he shoves his fingers deep up inside of her and presses the device against her, forcing her into another earth shattering orgasm.
&nbsp;&nbsp; "Yes what?"
&nbsp;&nbsp; "y..yes, yes Daddy!..." she sobbs and wriggles as her legs and body loose control and her mind starts to float away again.
&nbsp;&nbsp; "Mmm oh yeah, thats a good girl, cum for Daddy, baby. Be a good lil girl and cum for Daddy, thaaaat's it" He slides the vibrator between one of the straps on her thigh and places it to sit resting on her clit while he stands and unzips his jeans. He puts one foot up on the side of her chair and grabs Lilly by her hair. "Open up that pretty mouth baby, Daddy's gonna teach you how to suck cock like a good little girl" She parts her lips and he pushes himself through them. He puts one hand on the back of her head and places the other under her chin. "Thats is baby, thats a good girl" he says softly, "now open your eyes and watch me while I fuck that beautiful little face" 
&nbsp;&nbsp; She does what she's told, she fights the urge to squeeze them shut during climax after climax, that damn thing buzzing against her, driving her crazy. Making her soak herself over and over again while he slides his hard cock in and out of her mouth. He groans and pushes the back of her head down onto him driving the head of his cock into the back of her throat. He keeps pushing until she's gagging and choking on his whole shaft. 
&nbsp;&nbsp; "Mmm, that's my good lil' girl, mmm... oh yea" he grinds his hips into her face each time trying to push her head down farther and farther. He squeezes his hand around her windpipe, cutting off her breathing completely. She gasps for air as the toy does its job one last time and he shoots his hot bitter load down her throat. He lets go of her face and tells her to swallow every last drop. She obeys and looks up at him with tears streaming down her dirty streaked face. "There's a good girl" he coos to her, running his fingers gently across her cheek. He reaches down and removes the toy from under the leg strap and shuts it off. "Say thank you Daddy" he grins victoriously as her dull grey eyes drop with her replay. 
"Th...thankyou, Daddy" she mutters with exhastion. 
&nbsp; "Good girl" he says to her softly. He then unties her legs allowing them to fall closed and replaces the strap around them both, this time tying them together at the knees. He also releases the thick leather cuff around her neck so she can turn her head if she wishes. He leaves her arms bound as they are to the chair. One last check before he climbs into the front seat and starts the engine. After carefully adjusting his seat belt and checking mirrors he puts the van into reverse and pulls carefully out of the lot. 
&nbsp; "Where are we going?" she asks meekly, her voice shaky and small.
&nbsp; "Shh, you just close your eyes and get some sleep, babygirl We'll be home in a little while... you will need your strength" 
&nbsp;&nbsp; She tries to keep her eyes open as long as she can, but the movement of the van and her emotional and physical exhastion quickly takes over. Her head falls to the side and her eyes fight to close... and forget. She lets the world around her slip away into a groggy cloud of unconciousness.










Malevolent Rapture


 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The crisp sound of a key slipping into its place in the lock only adds to the excitement she has been holding onto all evening. His long awaited return. She watches, nibbling at her lower lip, as the shadowed figure slowly pushes open the massive weight of the iron door. He slips through quietly as it closes behind Him with a heavy, clanking-thud. It takes a few seconds for His deep consuming eyes to adjust to the waning light of the room. Rich mahogany walls and bulky satin curtains do little to reflect the dim glow of the dozen or so candles burning throughout the vast room before Him. The soft aroma of incense and the ailing scent of smoldering logs in the large stone fireplace. Even from the far corner it washes over His senses with an air of home. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She sits, seemingly patient, infront of the warmth of a dying fire. Her legs tucked up beside her on the small oval rug beside His reading chair. As she picks carelessly at the fabric loops of the rug, a shy smile creeps itself across her lips.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"You've been so long," she mutters softly without looking up from the tiny fibers of plush black carpeting between her fingertips, "i thought You'd forgotten me". She raises her eyes subconciously in a test for His reaction. Upon meeting His striking gaze, quickly lowers them back to the floor; knowing full well she has no right to question His long portions of time apart from her. It was a look that reeked of playful button-pushing, sending a spark of irritation running through Him although having seen it in her eyes from all the way across the room makes Him smile in spite of Himself.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Never." 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A simple answer to a question that really doesn't warrant one, but reguardless... This causes the shy smile to widen into a satisfied grin with a blush of crimson in the girl's pale cheeks. She tries to hide them behind a coy glance to the glow of the herth, turning her face from His and shifting herself onto her knees. The lengths of the garments wrapped around her slender frame drape lightly over her legs to meet the floor around her like caskades of water flashed in ice by a single chilled breath. She places her hands gently atop her knees in a half-perch half-kneel that again causes Him to force back a grin at her obvious anxiousness to be closer to Him.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He walks over and, standing above her, leans down and takes one of her hands in His own. Using gentle guidence to elevate her slightly to a full kneeling position. She keeps her gaze to the floor at His feet. Placing His hand under her chin, He raises her head for want of a look into her eyes. They dance across His face, shifting away once more as she blushes for a second time. The way they evade Him in a spark of flawed innocence both frustrates and excites Him. He decides to regain control of the situation, and her, by attempting again to direct her attention.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"How could I not come home and see how much you've missed Me, little one?" 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She knows what it is He wishes, but can't resist the urge to carry this impish revolt abit longer. She playfully tries to push away from His gaze again by turning her head away slightly. The spark of irritation again rushes through His face. This time, it doesn't pass as quickly as before. His rough hand slips behind her head as His long fingers entangle themselves in the back of her hair. She still tries to push away once more, this time placing her hands on his arms. His fingers instantly tighten they're grip at the back of her head, twisting it back a bit and in turn forcing her to lift her face up to His with a stunned whimper.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Does my little one need to be shown that I was not kidding?" The darkness in His voice and sudden flash of anger in His eyes tells her that she may have taken this little game a bit to far. Her heartbeat beats hard in her ears. In the time it takes her to think for a moment and begin to expain that she ment no disrespect, He had already unzipped His pants and was holding Himself with His free hand up to her mouth. His eyes glaring down at her, He sharply demands that she rights the situation by "opening her fucking mouth again so He can fill it for her".
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Foolishly she again tries to explain herself, "But...I..." 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He tightens His grasp on her hair with a sharp twist of the wrist and as she pierces her lips to cry out He seizes the opertunity to force Himself through them. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"You play too much little girl," He snarls at her. She lets out a muffled protest that only adds to His frustration with her... and His excitement. He places His hands on the sides of her head firmly, thrusting Himself into her face. Forcing her to open her throat to His smooth hard erection. "Maybe another lesson will correct that this time, hmm?" She gags on his throbing shaft as He once more pulls her head towards His hips, slaming His head into the back of her throat. Keeping it in as deeply as He can manage to push until He sees fit to remove it and begin again. He grabs at her breasts, first one then the other, mercilessly pinching and twisting her pink supple nipples until she makes a strange but highly satisfying noise that resembles a cry of pain from somewhere deep down in her throat to where He has not quite been able to push Himself...Yet.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Look at me when you're servicing me you lil'bitch." He orders and pushes her head all the way into him with such a force that the feeling of his head hitting the back of her throat releases a soft groan from His lips... as from hers.&nbsp; "I don't want to have to take you into my playroom and show you what happens to bad little girls who don't do what they're told here. Do you? Huh? What's the matter slut, finding it abit hard to answer with your Daddy's dick in there, are you, little one?"
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She winces in pain at the tightening of his fingers in her hair but does what He asks. A small trickle of tears rolls down her cheeks, her icy blue eyes squeezing shut again as he forced Himself in its entirety over and over into the back of her throat. Heaving on Him, she puts her hands on His thighs and pushes away just enough to turn her head. Choking back tears and trying to catch her breath she begs for a chance to speak. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Please *cough* , please...no.*sob*...please stop it!" Her arms wrap themselves around her in a vane attempt to protect herself from this humiliation. She bows her head to his feet, her mouth dripping with saliva, trying to rid herself of it with her hand. But He will have none of it and tugs back on her head again so she has no choise but to look up at Him while He places His dripping cock on the side of her face tapping it lightly against her cheek. Her words are labored in a desperate effort not to cry,&nbsp; but nervously quick in tempo, "i didn't mean to be bad, Daddy...really i didn't but i missed You so much and You locked up Your room before You left, and i only wanted to..." 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He siezes another oppertunity to put it back in her mouth for a few more pumps and then lets her speak once more. She catches her breath again and wipes the wetness from her face. The look of eye makeup smeared down her pretty little face and the feel of her hair clumped in His fisted hand is almost enough to finish Him off right then and there but He decides to hold it back... for now. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Go on then!" He throws her aside to the floor without a second thought.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She picks herself back up shamefully before continuing. "Yes Sir," she mutters with a nod. "Thank you Sir." She comes up to her knees again infront of Him as she looks to the floor. "You locked Your door before You left and i've been all alone all day and night and i was only meaning to tease abit and...and i wa..." 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The look of annoyence flushes over His face again, she sees it and begins to stroke Him gently. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"i was going to ask if i might play with her... just a little...please?" 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That childlike innocence waves into her eyes again and He cant help but fall in love with it against His best efforts.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Thats why you keep her here, locked away for yourself. Thats why you come back every night to see her. Your only tough with her here because you know that out there the world wouldn't...they would....dear God.... 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He can see she knows what He's thinking about, she always seems to know, by the look that's now on His softened face, the way His eyes dim at the very thought. Without a word she wraps her soft lips around the head of His cock, sucking and teasing him with her tounge until He can't handle it anymore. His hand returns to the back of her neck, and the other just under her chin, guiding her on to Him firmly but gentler then before. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Oh...that's a good girl...what a good little cock sucking slut I have....oh! fuuuuuck!" He pumps into her face slow and strong with a sudden intence rush of sweet hot release. Her eyes start to water but she does her best to make Him proud of her again, to make Him pleased with her. She swallows Him once more into her throat as she looks up and watches a look of pure bliss wash over His face, His eyes close and He grits His teeth. She feels His entire body flinch and relax, and again, as He splashes into the back of her throat bitterly. She smiles at Him from down on her knees as He finally looks down at her, tiny beads of sweat trickle down His forehead. "Take it all..." He gives her one final pump "that's right...mmm.....what a good little girl you are for your Daddy"



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  twisted


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





