BDSM Library - Albert




Albert
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  A latino teenage boy submits to humiliation to earn drug money         






Hello Albert, it's good to see you. My God, you look
handsome today. No
need to blush. At seventeen, boys like you know how to take
compliments.
Would you like a glass of beer or wine or something before
we go to work?
No? Well, perhaps after. Why don't you just get undressed
then. For today's
session, we will start off naked right away.


I swear, Albert, your body gets more beautiful every time
I see you. I
love your smooth brown chest and those nice nipples. You
have the perfect
body for a model,I swear. How is your girlfriend? Still
fucking her day and
night, I suppose. You Latino boys sure know how to fuck, I
have to say that
for you. She's how old again, fourteen, right? That's a
great age for a cunt
to be. Their pussies are still so nice and fresh and tight
at that age.


Oh yes, I know that you still fuck around. I would have
guessed that. Why
should a healthy hung, sexy boy stick to one cunt? Oh, I 
know she'd better 
be faithful to you. You have to watch those bitches. But a 
guy needs freedom
to play around. All that young pussy out there just waiting
to be fucked.


 I hope you saved come cum for our session today. I can't
sell movies and 
photos if you can't shoot a nice big load. You should try
to keep down the
number of times you shoot for a few days before one of our
sessions. I know 
that's not easy and a stud like you needs to empty his big
balls three or 
four times a day, but still, for the sake of your career.
We have to 




sacrifice for our careers. Isn't being a porno star betteg a porno star better 
than hustling on
the street and selling drugs?


I really see potential for you as a porno star on the
internet.The gay
guys really seem to go for you. I know you are one hundred
percent straight
and it bothers you, but when you were hustling, you had
guys swinging on
your dick every night. At least I took you away from that.


Well, Albert, your dick looks nice and fat today and your
balls look full. 
I wonder how they would look if you didn't cum for three or
four days.
Probably be hanging really heavy. What? You think you
would have a 
permanent erection 24/7 if you didn't unload at least a
couple of times
every day. I would love to see that. You would be so hot, 
walking around
with a hard on. Go on into the bathroom.


 I love to watch our ass move when you walk. I love how
the two ass globes
rise and fall.And your ass crack is so nice and deep. A lot
of guys would
love to suck that. You are really a sexy boy, Albert. No,
leave the earring
in, it is really hot. It's a gift from your girlfriend,
huh? How romantic. 
What happens if you get her pregnant? OH, you just dump
them then, huh? 
Good idea. Can't be bothered with a fucking pregnant
girlfriend. You are a
very intelligent boy, Albert and seem to have a good head 
on your shoulders. 
Yes, climb into the tub. We have never done a bathroom 
session, have we?


 What about money? You need more money? Albert, I
helped you out with 




extra last week. What do you do with it all? I know drugs
are expensive, but
you have to try to control how much you use. You will wear
yourself out by
the time you are eighteen. I'll pay you more, but then you
have to give me
more at our sessions. No simple jerk offs and stuff. You
want that kind of 
money, we have to do something special to earn it. After 
all, I have to sell 
the crap we shoot. Better photos..hotter sessions...get you
more money. How
is that? I know you won't let any guys fuck you. You have
already told me
that. I know you are not a faggot. But my customers get
sick of just seeing
you masturbate or guys sucking on your dick. They need
something more.


So here. If you want the money, then we have to give them
something
special. You know what that is. It's a dildo. It's a 
bright color just for
fun. I want you to fuck yourself with the dildo! That's 
what I said. I want 
you to fuck the dildo in and out of your own ass, while I
shoot photos and
video. Since you won't let anyone else fuck you, you will
just have to fuck
yourself.


I know that seems queer to you, but I can't help it. I 
need the money. You
need the money, and we have to give the customers something
special. Now do
we do it, or do we call it a day, and do you go home? Yes 
it will probably
hurt a lot, seeing as you are so macho and never had a
prick up your ass.
The first times it always hurts, but we have to start
someplace. What do you 




mean, a smaller dildo? How could I sell that? Do you think
the customers 
want to see you stick a pickle up your ass? You are just
going to have to
put up with the pain if you want to make the money. With
rent due, and the 
money you need for drugs and going out...I just think you
better bite the 
bullet and get to work. What will it be? Yes or No?


 That's a wise decision Albert. I always knew you were a
cool kid. Lots of 
boys of seventeen are getting fucked every day..no, I know 
you are not a
faggot, I am just saying they get their asses fucked every
day, so shoving a
dildo up your ass is not going to hurt you. Well, it will
hurt...but it 
won't damage you in any way. Your asshole will be sore for 
a few days is
all. Have your girlfriend lick and suck it, I am sure you
do that anyway.
Sit on her face while you watch tv.


Fucking yourself with a dildo will bring in the kind of 
money you want,
Albert, I promise you. This kind of shoot raises you in the
business.


 Sit on the edge of the tub. Look up at the camera. Give
me that mean sexy
look you do so well. Now lift the dildo up and hold it next
to your face.
Look at it, like you can't wait to shove it up your ass.
Come on, baby, you
can give me a sexier look than that. Spread your legs, so I
can get a nice
shot of your dick and balls. I know your dick is soft,
that is because you
are nervous about fucking your ass with the rubber cock.


My fine young latino, spread your legs so I can see your
balls better. Oh 




my, your feet look so sexy. I am not a guy with a foot
fetish, but you
really do have sexy feet. Do you make the cunts suck on
your toes? Now lick
the dildo to get it wet. No it's not like you are licking
dick. Studs like 
you don't lick dick, I know. Lick the dildo so it will go
in more easily.
No, I don't have any lube in the house, I am sorry. You
will just have to
use your spit.


I know you feel like you should have taken drugs this
morning before this
shoot, but we all like you better this way. Bright and
alert. Really cover
that dildo with spit. Lick it all up and down. That a boy.
Good job. Now
look up at the camera and take the dildo and just rub it
under your ball
sack a bit, like you are teasing your asshole.


 I bet the guys at the gym go nuts over you, huh? You walk
around naked a 
lot just to get the faggots drooling, don't you. Yeah, I
know you do. Nice
smooth brown Latino boy, gets their dicks dripping like 
crazy. You are such 
a nasty boy, teasing those faggots and then not giving them
any. Oh, I know
that they can suck on you if they pay you, but still. Do
you ever let guys
suck on your ass? No? That's too queer? They would pay you
extra, I am sure 
if they could lick out your asshole. Try it sometime. When 
a tongue is
licking out your ass, you cannot tell if it is a girl or a
guy. Believe me.
Getting your ass sucked has got to be the greatest feeling
in the world. If 
you ever want to try it with a guy, let me know. No, I
would not expect you 




to suck my ass. I would suck your cute teenage Latino ass suck my ass. I would suck your cute teenage Latino ass.


Rub that dildo under your balls like you were massaging
your asshole with
it. Tease the camera. Keep your legs spread wide. Show what
you've got baby.
Be proud of it. The faggots want it. They will pay big
money for these
photos. They want to lick and suck on every inch of your
hot young body.
They want to lick your balls. Your cum filled Latino teen 
nuts.


 Are you ready? Are you ready to shove that dildo up your
asshole for me? 
I know this is a first for you. This is special, Albert.
This will give you
enough money to take care of a month of drugs. Well, maybe
not the way you
take them, but still. Now, lick the dildo to keep it nice
and wet. Now I am 
going to ask you to crawl into the tub and turn your back
toward me so I can 
see your asshole. Now spread your ass globes with your
hands to give the
faggots a really good view of your rectum. Yeah, great,
Albert. You are such 
a good boy. The faggots love to look at your rectum. They
dream of sucking
on that asshole and of fucking it. I know they never will
get to fuck you,
because you are all straight, but they can dream, can't
they? This dildo is
their dream. They will pretend the dildo is their dick!
Their dick and 
their tongue.


What a beautiful asshole you have, Albert! That is a
prize winning
asshole. You are such a fucking stud. No wonder the cunts
go nuts for you.


Now rub the head of the dildo across your asshole! I know
it feels queer. 




That's cause this is the first time. But just think of th the 
money.
Concentrate on the money, Albert. Rub that dildo across
your asshole and
then just nudge your ass pucker with the head of the dildo.
Just tease and 
nudge it. That tickles doesn't it? I'm sure you have a very
sensitive 
asshole, Albert. Most studs do. Your ass lips are probably
responding to the
dildo right now.


Oh Christ, Albert, that is sexy. That is hot. This is
going to be the best
shoot we have done yet. I can see the money rolling in.
Spread your legs as
wide as you can in the tub. I'd like to see your ball sack
swinging. Oh
fuck, that is hot Albert. The faggots will go nuts. Keep
rubbing your
asshole. What. The dildo is getting dry? Well then lick it
some more. I know 
it has been rubbing your asshole, but how else can we keep
it wet? It's your
own asshole, so it doesn't matter. Get it nice and wet this 
time. It tastes 
kind of musty? That is your asshole taste.
That is what the young cunts taste when they lick and suck
your asshole,
Albert. 


All right. Now I think we are ready to have you fuck 
yourself with the
dildo. Ready to begin? 














Okay Albert, I have the lights and the cameras set
properly. Are you ready to fuck yourself in the ass with
the dildo? I know 
how much you hat this. I know it's going to make you feel
like a queer boy
who is getting fucked in the ass. You know you are a
straight macho Latino
teen who fucks girls and is only doing this for the money.
But it's got to
be done. Get that dildo covered in spit. I am so sorry I
didn't buy any
lube, but I of course never get fucked in the ass or take 
anything up my 
ass. 


Get right down in the tub on your hands and knees like a
dog. Lift one
foot and put it on the rim of the bathtub so your ass opens
up more. I
really need to see your asshole close up as you shove the
dildo up into your
rectum. Of course we are going to have to lie and tell the
distributor you
are eighteen years old. But most of your fans especially
the internet ones 
know that you are only just turned seventeen. Okay now,
with your one leg
raised like a dog pissing, so we can clearly see your
asshole, start to push
the head of the dildo into your teenage ass pucker. We both
know this is 
going to hurt, but we also know that drugs are expensive,
and a horny little
Latino boy needs his party drugs and some money to impress
his girlfriends.
You have such cute toes, Albert. Push with them onto the 
tub porcelain to
give yourself some leverage. Push that dildo right up into 
your teenage
asshole. Good, good boy, I can see it spreading your cunt
lips. I'm sorry, I 




meant ass lips. It's just that when a dick, rubber or noass lips. It's just that when a dick, rubber or not
is forcing itself
into an asshole, the asshole often looks kind of like a 
cunt! Oh yes, that
is good Albert, very good. You got about two inches in. Now
it gets to the
thicker part of the dildo. Now is when your ass ring will
feel like it's 
going to tear, but just ignore it and keep on pushing. Get
that dildo up
your ass, Albert! You can put your foot down now into the
tub. Just stay on
your hands and knees like you are a bitch dog getting
fucked by her stud. 
Look back at the camera for me, so your fans can see your
face. Yes...your
cute face and at the same time that big red dildo sticking
out of your
asshole. Great. OH, baby, I know it hurts terrible. Give
your ass time to
get used to it. Just like a cunt needs times to get used to
a big dick in
it. I know when you fuck the girls, you never give them
time to adjust. You
just ram in balls deep, even if the twat is a virgin,
right? That's cause
you are a randy teenage stud.


Don't chew your bottom lip, Albert, we don't want a
bloody lip for the
shoot. Try to look like you are really enjoying it. Like
you do this ever
afternoon after school for fun! Like this is how you spend
your weekends.
Maybe your mamma and you share the same dildo! You take 
turns. Up your
Mamma's pussy and up your ass. Now come on, shove it in
farther. You musn't 
disappoint your fans. They want to see that dildo cunt
depth! Work it in. 




If you move it from side to side as you push, you will
stretch and widen 
your asshole! Your rectum will stretch and also your inner
asshole! Push it 
all the way in Albert. We need these shots to be the very
best we can do. 
You and I both need the money I know you need your ten 
percent.


I am going through a lot of work here for you. I am
putting my reputation
for fine porno on the line. So don't let me down, Albert. I
do my part and
you do yours. Shove that dildo way up your asscunt!


Oh that is great, Albert, you look just like a fucking
animal! Kneel there 
with that big red prick sticking out of your sweet
beautiful ass. Can you
grind our ass in a circle like it really loves the dick and
wants more cock 
up it? Push your ass out and grind it in a circle, like you
were getting
fucked by a big black cock and you love it. Oh Albert that 
is sweet. I know 
it hurts like hell, we'll be finished in twenty or thirty
minutes. You gotta
look like you are really enjoying it though. Lick your lips
and look real 
sexy at the camera. That a boy. Push that ass toward the
camera. Oh, I think 
the dildo is working itself out. Shove it in again as deep
as you can. You
see how the dildo gets kind of wide with that bulb near the
bottom. That's 
just like the knot on a dog's dick. See if you can get some
of that up your
asscunt. Like you are a female bitch dog and your male dog
lover is fucking
his big red doggie prick up your bitch hole, knot and all.
Move your body 




so your balls swing. Yes, I can see your balls swinging
right underneath
your hot young ass globes with that big red dick sticking
out. It's great.
The guys are really going to go nuts jerking their dicks
while they look at
you, Albert. Think, thousands of guys beating their
fuckmeat as they look at
you with a big red dildo shoved up your asshole turning it
into a fucked out 
cunt! Can you get it in any deeper? I know it hurts like
hell, but can you
ignore the pain for just a few minutes and really shove it
in as deep as you
possibly can? Pound on it with your hand so it really gets
up there into 
your teenage guts!


What do you mean, it hurts so much you feel like you are
going to pass
out? That would ruin the entire shoot, and we would have to 
start all over 
again. Just really slam it into your guts! Don't be such a
pussy. Fuck that
dildo deep into your guts, boy! Are you a man or a fucking
faggot? You can
take it! I have invested a lot of money into your career.
And you have a
pretty serious drug habit, so we can't wreck this shoot
just because you
suddenly become a sensitive faggot! You can take that dildo
and you fucking
well know it! You have not choice. If you want the money,
Albert, that dildo 
has to go deeper up your cunt!


You are dooling, that looks good. Let the spit hang from
your mouth, like
you are some out of your mind bitch who only lives for
dick! Let the spit
drip from hour mouth, like its the cum of the last ten guys
who face fucked 




you! Because you won't really do anything to make big
money, like suck dick
or take real dick up your ass, we have to create the
illusion for your fans.
We have to entice them! Stick your tongue out of your
mouth like you are a
fucking bitch panting in heat from the prick up your ass.
Now fuck that 
dildo in and out of your cunt. OH yes, Albert, don't be
gentle. Really fuck
that dildo in and out of your pussy! In, out, in, 
out...faster. Come on, you
can do it harder than that! Get a rhythm going like when
you fuck some young
teenage bitch. Only now you are the bitch getting fucked.
IN, OUT, IN , OUT, 
fuck your ass faster and harder for the camera. I love it
when you grunt
like a stuck pig!


Yeah, this is going to loosen up your asshole a whole
lot! Fuck that 
fucking dildo in as deep as you can. As hard as you can. As
fast as you can.
I want to see your whole body jumping in that tub. I want 
to see your cunt
pushing back against that dildo! FUCK YUORSELF, ALBERT.
FUCK YOUR BOYHOLE 
RAW! JESUS, YOU LOOK JUST LIKE SOME KIND OF DEMENTED 
ANIMAL IN FUCK HEAT! 
You don't even look human Albert. Maybe it's because you
are Latino. I mean 
the brown skin and all. You look like a fucking rutting
animal! But if we 
are going to sell this fucking video, you are just going to
have to fuck 
harder than that! I know it's burning up your fucking
insides and it hurts 
like hell. You just have to put up with it! I need a
deeper, harder fuck! I 




know you don't hold back when you are fucking some little
thirteen year old
twat! You even try as hard as you can to get her pregnant,
don't you? Well 
I want you to pretend that this dildo is a huge dick on a
big black mank and
he is trying as hard as he can to get you pregnant! SLAM
THAT FUCKING DILDO 
UP YOUR CUNT. GET YOURSELF PREGNANT! DON'T PASS OUT.., FUCK 
HARDER SO THE 
PAIN KEEPS YOU ALERT! Frig your clit, I mean cock while you 
are fucking
yourself. Play with your teenage dick while you fuck slam
your hole! Show
the guys that this is how you jerk off at night, a big
fucking dildo up your
asscunt while your beat your teenage fuckmeat! This is your
daily
masturbation routine! Mmma's dildo up your stretched out
teen pussy while
you finger your filthy little spick dick!


Okay, stop. Keep the dildo up your cunt. This is just
not dynamic
enough. It's not exciting enough. The guys jerking will
fall asleep before
they cum. We got to give them something more. Flip over
onto your back and
lift your legs like a fucking cunt on her wedding night.
Let's try you
fucking your cunt that way, on your back. We need to do
some really deep
dicking! Oh for shit's sake, stop crying. I can't have you
crying in this
video. You are supposed to be loving this! Here, wipe your
eyes. You look so
hot with the end of that dildo sticking right out of your
young teenage ass!
Maybe we need to get some shots of you walking around the
house with it 




sticking out of your hole. Like you walk around all the
time at home with 
your mamma's dildo up your greasy Latino ass! Maybe you
even wear it to 
school, to keep yourself nice and horny all day! Think of
the hot videos we 
can make, Albert, once your asshole gets used to the dildo!
This could be a 
prize winning series of fuck films. But you have to cooperate! 
I can't just
junk all this footage now and get myself another spic! I've
got some nice
pills for you today, but you have got to put on a first
class show for me 
and my cameras. You have got to fuck your cunt like a pro!
I want to see 
that entire dildo up your twat! Now raise those legs just
like a fucking
whore and smile up at the camera and start to fuck that
dildo in and out of 
your dirty spic whore cunt! 








Review This Story
 || Email Author:  dale10


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





