BDSM Library - Fuck Team and the Faggot




Fuck Team and the Faggot
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The gay boy  in the school is forced to sexually service the New Team. His agony goes on or yet another year. 






The faggot was led into the room. He was seventeen and 
graduating from high
school. Everybody knew he was a fucking faggot, and he had
already gone
through hell, but nothing like this. Today he had to face
the Fuck Team. 


The Fuck Team was a name Matt had given to the swim team
captains for the
next year, the high school juniors who would be seniors in
September and
taking over when Matt and the others graduated. So of
course there had to be 
an initiation...a celebration of their Seniorhood, of their 
being the big
men at the high school, of having all the girls int he
school, Freshmen on 
up, throw their mouths and pussies at their
senior cocks. 


Matt kind of owned the faggot. Well, he had
pictures of the faggot blowing an underage kid at school, a
freshman. So 
of course, he simply threatened to turn the faggot over to
the police for
child molestation, unless the faggot did every fucking
thing he wanted. The 
faggot who was seventeen and handsome and sweet and quiet
and didn't want to 
make any trouble was trapped. He had become Matt's
plaything, his toy all
year. Sometimes late at night after Matt had fucked his
girlfriend until she
could not walk, he would show up at the faggot's house,
wanting his dirty
dick licked clean. Matt was so fucking
handsome that a small part of the faggot actually enjoyed
it, and part of 




him hated the humiliation. He wanted love. But he 
certainly wouldn't find
it at his high school. The faggot didn't like to lick
Matt's dirty dick
clean especially after it had been up his girlfriend's
asshole. Matt's 
girlfriend who was only 14 hated getting fucked in the ass,
so of course 
Matt did it all the time. He was that kind of guy. His 
eight and a half
inch prick stretched that poor girl something awful. He had
fucked the 
faggot's ass too...not out of any pleasure. No no, it was
strictly a power
fuck. Usually for fun for himself and his buddies, they
would drink beer and 
watch the faggot shove household items up his boytwat. The 
had forced him 
to shove a broom handle up his ass and dance around that
way for thirty
minutes...as well as a flashlight, a baseball bat, a
rolling
Pin, several cucumbers, and all kinds of other stuff. 
Sometimes the faggot
had to miss school because he couldn't walk. His stretched 
out hole was 
simply too sore. His grades went from straight A's down to
D's and nobody
knew why, although Mr. Coulter the counselor suspected
drugs. The faggot's
mom would have been beside her self with worry, but she was
already beside
herself with the divorce and the wine, so she 
hardly noticed. 


The faggot cried himself to sleep most nights. Here was
this seventeen year
old five foot eleven dark haired handsome hunk with a very
nice body,
sobbing every 




night and praying for some help...some release from the release from the 
constant torment and 
humiliation. His only hope was that soon these guys would
graduate, and it
would all be over. 


And the sad sick thing about it all was that he secretly
did have a crush 
on Matt. Well who wouldn't? The kid was a dreamboat: curly
hair, strong
swimmers body, good tight ass with smooth muscular globes,
and a huge
fucking dick that was the talk of the whole school. Shit,
everybody in the
school knew that he had fucked five different girls
pregnant, and still the 
twats lined up for him. Even when he was dating one girl in
a kind of steady
way, he was still fucking others and everyone knew it. For
a girl to go
steady with Matt, meant that she was only fucked by him,
but he could still 
fuck around. Matt took what he wanted from life. The 
faggot got what life
handed him. 


The fuck team drank beer that afternoon while the faggot
was made to strip
and dance naked in front of them. They called it "sick"
"perverted"
"depraved," but more than one sixteen or seventeen year old
prick was hard
and soon dripping. The guys on the team were made to wear
their swim suits 
so Matt could see every hard teenage dick. He took pictures
of them so that 
he could have these boys too under his thumb if he 
ever needed it. Shit, Alex Theil's father was fucking rich,
and Matt might
need some extra money in college. So the more drunk these 
boys got,the 




harder their dicks 
Became and the more they leaked into their tight speedos.
Its a fucking lie
that drink makes dicks soft in teenagers anyway. Drink
makes the dick hard 
and leaking like a fucking faucet and
ready to fuck anything in sight.


 And what was in sight was the faggot. First, Matt made 
the boys strip
and show their assholes to the faggot. The faggot had to
crawl to each new 
swim team Varsity guy and lick his asshole. Not just
lick. He had to stick 
his seventeen year old faggot tongue way up, deep, into the
dude's asshole, 
way up his shitter and then wiggle it
around. The guys were really embarrassed by this and at
first, and several 
of them didn't want to play, but Matt's cajoling and his
threats kept them
in the game.
But even they had to admit it was incredible to have a
tongue up the
asshole. Many of them unlike Matt, had never done this 
with their 
girlfriends. Matt made every one of his conquests suck his
ass. He did it 
on the second or third date. If the chick wouldn't suck 
ass, he dropped her
and spread rumors around the school that she was a scag.
Four girls this
year alone had changed schools because of Matt's rumors.
When you are a
star athlete and cutest boy in
the school, you call the shots. Matt had had girls as
young as eleven suck
his ass. And now these other, more innocent, high school
boys were learning 




the joys of getting their shitters sucked by a faggot. The 
faggot did the
best job he could because he feared Matt's anger. Matt's
anger could mean a
ping pong paddle on the faggot's nut sack until the balls 
were black and 
swollen the size of grapefruit. Matt's anger could mean
that the faggot had
to suck off Matt's dog Macbeth.This was a regular
punishment for the poor
faggot. The fagoot would much rather suck teenage boy ass.
And 
Besides, he was a faggot. Wasn't he? He had resigned
himself to that long
long ago. As a sophomore, he had had a steady girlfriend,
even fucked her, 
but then he had gotten somehow involved with this freshman
kid. He started 
out tutoring him and ended up sucking him off, and then
Matt came into the 
picture and made the faggot do all kinds of sick disgusting
things, and now
the faggot knew he was a faggot.


So he sucked the asses of the new varsity team boys. He
sucked on the 
puckered assholes until ass juice and saliva covered his
cute young face.
The boys rotated their hips to grind their assholes on the
faggot's face.
The faggot pushed his tongue so deep he sometimes felt the
tip of a turd
pushing back at him. Some of the boys grunted and farted on
his face as he 
licked and sucked ass. A good time was has by all.


 Next, the faggot had to suck cock. He had to crawl on
the floor bare 
assed from boy to boy, lift his cute face and lick the big
fucking dickheads 




of each high school kid. For several of the boys this wa the boys this was
their first blow 
job. They had begged their girlfriends until they were blue
in the face and 
balls for blow Jobs, but some of the dumb selfish cunts 
wouldn't put out.
The boys could spend money on the twats..take them to
movies and dinner and 
all that shit, and then get only a couple of squeezes of
tit and a couple of
fingers in the pussy while the stupid sluts frigged their
pricks. But the 
dumb bitches wouldn't suck cock. 
Not Matt's girls of course. They sucked cock on the first
date or he didn't 
see them any more. A guy has to know how to handle twat!
They have learn
who is boss.If they didn't suck, he practically threw them
out of his car. 
All the cunts knew this of course. They knew that they had
to go all the way
with Matt. They talked about his cock in the girls'
locker room and 
bragged about sucking it. He even had other guys
girlfriends sucking his
dick. 


The faggot did a good job on the dicks. He licked the 
fat teenage
Dickheads, scooped up the drooling pre fuck on his
tongue,(teenage boys leak
alot..remember?) and even licked the swinging fucksacks.
Then, he got down
to some serious cocksucking. Not one teenage stud
complained that it was
queer.. They were in seventh fucking heaven. It was then
that Matt announced 
that since the faggot's grades had fallen so badly, he had
lost all his 
scholarships to college, and so he would be attending the
local state 




university and thus would be available all the next yeaear 
for blow jobs. Not
just for these boys on the varsity swim team, but to be
Fair, for any boy at University High School. It was then 
that the faggot
knew he was not going to escape from the trap.


 Next, out of some kind of perversity..Matt measured all 
the boys dicks.
Then each of them had to fuck the faggot, starting with the
smallest Ted 
Lipscomb and ending with the largest Mark Thayer. The 
boys started
hesitantly, but drink and lust soon took over and they were
fucking the
faggot balls deep and grunting and slamming their handsome 
young hips into
the cunt's ass. Their big fuck sacks slapped the faggot's
ass and the sound 
was delicious to Matt who kept the vodka flowing. The 
faggot was crying now
and that made the guys laugh. They almost busted a gut
watching the tears
trail down the seventeen year old's handsome faggot face,
and they pounded
their teenage pricks into his raw rectum even harder.


Next, they fucked him at both ends. This started when one
guy pulled out of
his ass and Matt kindly suggested he get his dick cleaned
of any ass slime
at the faggot's mouth. Well soon, the cumdump was getting
dick at both 
ends. Greasy dick and ass slop slimed its way down his
throat and made him 
gag. He would get his nipples burned for that. Matt had 
taught him to take
any size cock down his gullet without gagging. It was rude
to gag. Matt
taught his girls that as well. 




 Then they double dicked him. Two teenage pricks up his
twat at the same 
time. Two boys sitting so their dicks were together making
one flesh pillar
pounding up into the slut's fuckhole. This was a kind of 
secret thrill for 
most of the boys. They didn't know why, but having another
dudes dick right
up against yours, rubbing dick flesh against dick flesh,
going in
and out of a faggot's pussy...it was really hot.


 The faggot's ass was stretched beyond belief. He howled 
in pain and
pleaded and begged. But they kept fucking his boycunt,
until at last they
sprawled on chairs and the couch and floor, legs spread, 
fat flaccid 
dripping dicks limp and thick and swollen with post fucking
sensitivity.
They drank more and rolled empty beer bottles across the 
floor and made the 
faggot fuck himself with the bottles. The faggot pleaded
with them that he 
would need a doctor, and Matt kicked him in the nutsack. 
Matt then lit a 
ciagrette and burned the faggot on the nipples and
dick and balls while the guys roared with laughter at the
poor cumslut's 
tears. 


Then Matt brought in his big old dog, and the faggot had 
to put on a doggie
show for the boys. He had to suck dog cock and lick dog
balls, and then let 
the beast mount him like a fucking bitch...until the knot
of the canine's 
big pizzle was imbedded in his boycunt, stretching it
beyond all endurance. 




The faggot passed out twice, and Matt brought him around by
hauling out his
own handsome stud prick and pissing on his face. Every day
at school in the 
lunchroom, while the other kids drank their milk, the 
faggot had to drink a
carton of Matt's piss. Everyone knew this and thought it
was terribly
funny. Several of the girls wouldn't have minded
drinking piss form that stud hose of Matt's, if he would
would date them. 
The fucking fucking dog got his dick knot stuck in the
faggot's ass for
twenty minutes, so there was a lull in the party, but when
he finally
pulled out, the faggot was made to scoop the dog and boy
scum out of his 
hole with a spoon and eat it for the boys.


 There was a certain point most evenings when it just got
to be too much 
even for the faggot, and he just kind of went on automatic
pilot and zonked 
out. Shit, it was no fun after that, so the boys let him
go home to bed.
But not until one of them had said..."this is so fucking
much fun, we should 
do this every week all summer..." and they all agreed and
said they would
give a case of beer to the guy who could think up the most
disgusting
degrading thing to do to the faggot each week. 


Matt was still horny, so he got one of the youngest high
school boys there,
young Kyle, to invite him home to his house, where they
both fucked the 
kid's little sister. 
Then Matt slept over and in the middle of the night he
fucked the sixteen 




year old swimmer. By the next morning, the poor boy who had
been totally
straight was in love with Matt. Matt made the kid suck his 
dick and drink 
his piss and lick his ass clean after he took a shit. The 
kid kept saying
that he had never done anything like this before, and he
had never had 
feelings like this before. 


BUT THEN HE HAD NEVER MET ANYONE LIKE MATT BEFORE. 








Review This Story
 || Email Author:  dale10


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





