BDSM Library - Diary of a Debtor




Diary of a Debtor
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This is a femdom story set in the future where male rights have eroded. Males falling into debts are sent to debtors prisons which are little more than brothels for the women to enjoy






 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;PART 1

I have started this diary to try to keep my sanity. The world has

changed so quickly in the past couple of years. I do not know who if

anyone will ever read this, so I must explain a little. Until

recently the world was a patriarchial society. The early 21st Century

saw a shift to a Matriarchial society. Women bagan holding more and

more powerful offices. The U.S. where I lived was by far not the

first nation to elect a female as its top leader. It was however the

first to elect females to a majority of its leadership positions.

Canada soon followed suit. The powerful alliance soon persuaded major

reforms in womens rights in Mexico. This of course led to the

election of women to Mexican leadership positions. In 2020 the North

American Consoldation Act was ratified making America in to the

largest super power.



Europe, who had begun electing women in the 20th century, began

consolidating and trying to catch up. By 2021 almost every European

country was led by Women or was about to be. In 2022 Europe was

consolidated into Europa. The world was changing at light speed.

Women were taking over not just governments but almost all

industries. Crime began to drop and soon the economic realities began

to set in in other parts of the world. African countries that were

beset by aids, basicly became European colonies after a women in what

was belgium found a cure. China, which was being left behind by the

new super powers, basicly merged with Japan whose Empress promised to

end the severe starvation. South America was the last continent to

basicly catch up to the times. After an American women mastered cold

fusion and eliminated the need for fossil fuels, their oil could not

buy them their power. America was truly united in 2024.



You may notice Austrailia was left out of my world hitory. Austrailia

was by far the most progressive in the new Matriarchial society.

Women their outnumbered men and voted for a new type of country. The

laws began to reverse. You could no longer have a topless bar, you

could have a bottemless male bars. Or Bare boys as they were quickly

labeled. Beaches became classified in one of three ways; women only,

clothing optional, and bare boy beaches. The long standing belief

that women are not visiually arroused was challenged. Women in a

clear position of power did seem to enjoy the pleasures of the bare

boys and the bare beaches. Tourism shot up to unprecidented heights.

In 2023 a new set of laws was passed making male nudity decent. The

first TV show to dare it was a medical drama. They did not test the

waters as many thought with a bare butt. Instead their was a scene

that lasted five minutes and 18 seconds of a man being examined by

the doctor for a possible hernia. The full on frontal nude scene was

revolutionary. Soon ads everywhere began showing men in the naked as

the day they were born.



In 2024 Austrailia passed the Bare Bot Reform Act. Far from the

reform you may think it basicly legalized male prostitution. Tourism

sored to even greiter heights. Austrailia now had the three busiest

airports in the world. In 2025 it finally went all the way and voted

to become "The First Country of Bare Boys". They litterally stripped

the rights of all males to wear clothing other than for clear safety

reasons. This included visitors who would be forced to strip and

turnover their clothes to a flight attendant before entering

Austrailian airspace. This led to breif but violent uprising. Over

7000 people were killed in 6 days of fighting.



The United Nation called for an emergency session. On October 12,

2025, The United Nations approved the male management act. This act

was supposed to be lifted after order was restored but instead was

only added too. All men were striped of all human rights and given

the sam status as domesticated pets. They were now considered owned

property. This forced Austrailia to repeal their universal bare boys

law. However as an act of solidarity the women of austrailia very

rarely allow their boys to wear clothes and all but one airline still

require male passengers to strip in flight.



Obviously bare boys bars spread quickly. Most other contries stayed

more prudish over clothing though. Here in America male nudity on tv

was limited after 10 pm and before 6 am. In movies it was limited to

pg 16 movies. It was also decided that prostitution would be

legalized but strongly regulated. All males who were in debt were

ordered to pay their debt in full or they would be sentenced to these

houses of prostitution to work off their debt.



This is obviously a very brief history of the Cultural revolution. It

does serve the purpose of allowing you to see why I reacted the way I

have. Being over $6000 in debt and having no family to step in on my

behalf I was among the first to be sentenced. I was a young man of 22

and had only had sex three times in very ordinary ways. I was naive

and very conservitive. Before I leave you I will say that I am not a

writer. These are my recollections and they may not be told very well

or very accurate.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;PART2

My first day was a very strange and confusing day. I was delivered to

the back door of the Toy Chest. Their logo was a toy chest that seemed

to be full of naked male dolls, all face down with their butts up in

the air. I was immediately told to strip. The Three women that ran the

place watched intently as I disrobed. They began asking me questions

and recording my answers. Name, height, medical history.. Nothing to

personal. I felt very odd standing their naked answering rather

benign questions. My face was getting very red as I had never really

been treated like this.



After some time I was directed up onto an examination table.

electrodes were placed on my body and I was told they were for a lie

detector. I was also instructed that if lies were detected I would be

fined and it would be added to my debt. They began asking me very

detailed and embarrassing questions about my sex life. Not that there

had been much of it. They also made me tell them in detail how and

when I liked to masturbate. They seemed to dwell on the subjects that

made me the most uncomfortable. I also became acutely aware of my

erection.



At this point I felt hands grab my wrists and pull them back behind my

head and snap some kind of restraining cuffs on them. Then my legs

were put up in stirrups. My legs were spread wide and and one of the

women brought out a camera and began taking pictures of me. Another

Women began explaining that at the Toy Chest all of their toys were

kept clean shaved below the waist. It would be my responsibility to

stay completely bare. Again fines would be accrued for failing any

random inspection. They then raised my back up , and with my legs

still spread wise in the stirrups, they handed me a razor and shaving

cream. They now began videotaping me removing all pubic hair. They

seemed to enjoy watching this as they laughed and chatted, and on more

than one occasion commented on my body or my technique.



Once clean shaved they began inspecting me. I was becoming more

aroused and starting to enjoy myself. They were measuring my penis

and making many notes describing it. They then moved to my balls.

The next thing I felt was a jolt of pain that seemed to shoot from my

balls up to my stomach. I let out a little yelp and squirmed as much

as the stirrups would allow. One of the women had gently squeezed one

of my balls between her thumb and index finger. She then thumped it

with the other hand. I felt hands push down on my torso to prevent me

from more squirming. I realized they now were re-measuring me. They

began to giggle as I am one of those guys that is very small when not

erect. It was easy to see they enjoyed their job.



As they finished the measuring I began to relax again. One of the

women came and undid my hands. She then went to the stirrups, just

when I thought she was going to finish releasing me, she pushed the

stirrups up and back forcing my legs into a position where my knees

were almost pushed to my chest with my legs still spread. I quickly

realized that they were again taking pictures of me. I tried to shut

my eyes and pretend I was somewhere else. Then one of the women came

and lifted the back of head. I looked forward and realized that this

would allow them to pictures of me that show my face as well as my

butt. Again I thought it had gotten as bad as it could get. Then I was

instructed to "reach back and spread your cheeks." I think at the

point I was blushing bright red all the way down to my toes. The women

again giggled and prodded me to spread them wider, and to change where

I had my hands. Flashes again started going off.



One of the women came up to me and smiled saying she needed to take my

temperature. She stuck the thermometer in my mouth and as soon as i

closed my mouth she began sliding it out. I was confused as she looked

at the thermometer and said "one more time" and put it back in my

mouth. After she slid it out this time she seemed satisfied. I was

still trying to figure this out when she walked back and began

sliding it up my butt. She laughed as they snapped more pictures,

"Don't you just love the look that comes across their face." I heard

another of the women comment "this sure confirms it, if that hole were

any tighter the glass would break" Then just laughter for what seemed

like an hour. finally they all seemed satisfied and I was released

from the table and handed some pink briefs and told to get dressed.



The briefs seemed to be two sizes too small. Nothing was left to the

imagination. They were tight enough that without a lot of staring

someone could tell that I was circumcised. Across the front was the

Treasure Chest logo obscenely stretched across my crotch. On the back

was a yellow moon across my cheeks. Printed in hot pink type across

the moon was "Treasure Chest, where you can see a full moon every

night of the year." I would soon see that there were dozens of these

little marketing phrases. I was then led away....





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;PART 3

I was starting to regain my composure as I was led into a hallway

lined with numbered doors. It amazed me how those tight little pink

briefs with the embarrassing little catch phrase on them, now gave me

a feeling of modesty. Compared to the positions I had just been in

this was a huge improvement.



We came to a door numbered 17. As I was led into the room they told me

that this was my new living quarters. I looked around and saw a small

twin bed, a bedside table, an alarm clock, and lamp. The room itself

was smaller than some walk in closets I have seen. They told me that I

was expected to keep the room clean at all times. The bed was to be

made unless I was in it. One of the women pulled open the drawer in

the bedside table, "This is for your clothes." It hit me like a brick

as I saw the empty drawer and realized it was too small for anything

other than maybe some more briefs. "You will be expected to keep your

clothes neat and orderly too. There is a dirty clothes hamper in the

bathroom. Every Monday you will be given 8 clean pair. That is one

pair a day and one extra pair. With one extra pair there is never an

excuse for wearing dirty clothes... and you will go without before we

will tolerate dirty clothes."



As I was taking this in my crotch started to itch from the fresh

shave. My squirming was quickly noticed. I was offered some lotion for

the itching if I wanted it. I of course accepted and within minutes of

a phone call a new lady arrived with some lotion. I thanked her and

held out my hands expecting the bottle but instead received a generous

amount of the lotion. I was still in culture shock and just assumed I

would be allowed to put it on late in private. Another problem soon

hit me, how was I going to lower my briefs and not get them dirty.

They too could see my predicament, "Would you like some help?" Now

again my face turned red as I accepted her offer. The women who

brought me the lotion and slowly lowered the back of my briefs by

running her finger down my butt crack. She then pulled the front down

using the waist band to hook my erection and pull it down. When my

briefs were low enough it released my erection which back to my

stomach and bounced around. This caused laughter all around. I started

to move my hands towards my crotch and was told to step out of my

briefs first. Again being very modest this was deeply humiliating.

Again I started for my crotch and was stopped. "Spread you legs so you

can get it all over. Again I displayed myself for these women whose

names I had never been told. They gave me detailed instructions on

where and how to massage the lotion in. I was also made to assume

several different positions so that they could inspect my work.



After I had pulled my briefs back up they continued with my

orientation. "We will help you build a client base during the first

month, but then you are on your own. When you have a client

appointment you will go to the assigned client room at least ten

minutes early. You will wear the outfit in the room that the client

has chosen. Unless specifically instructed you will always have your

pink briefs on also. You will not under any circumstances where

anything other than your briefs outside of the client rooms. We will

handle all the financial arrangements for each date. We have cameras

in the rooms and if you request we will monitor the date to make sure

you receive full payment. You will receive credit for all money

received minus room fees, cleaning fees, and monitoring fees. You will

also be charger for room rent, utilities, and any food you eat."



"We generate your first clients but then it is up to you to get repeat

business and word of mouth business. You need to do anything and

everything that you are told to do. We will give you a little

background on what each client expects, but you need to take it from

there. We have a reputation for having unexperienced boys. For the

first few months you will be in demand of our clients that enjoy being

the first to do certain things." I wondered how many things their

could be. Looking back I was very naive. The most adventurous I had

ever gotten was oral sex. They continued, "this is a chance you will

need to take full advantage of as we charge more for virgin acts.

Looking at your file you owe a lot. The estimate is if you work hard

you can pay it off in 9 years. Now lets continue on with the tour."



We left my new room and headed to another hallway with more numbered

rooms. These were the client rooms. They were the equivalent of a

large expensive hotel suite. Some were themed but the majority looked

like a Las Vegas hotel suite. All of them had a bedroom, sitting room

with kitchen area, and a large bathroom with extra large tub and

separate large shower. Cameras were located throughout the rooms and

there were a lot of mirrors. At the end of the hallway I was led into

a room that was a huge walk in closet. I saw some of the many outfits

that they offered. There were nice suits, fire fighters outfits,

school boy outfits, and many many more. They had plenty of different

sizes of each.



Next we walked into a locker room style room except their were no

lockers. Again there were cameras to cover every angle. I saw that

there were no urinals just toilets and bidets. "This is the bathroom.

Go ahead and remove your briefs and put them in that laundry chute."

Once again I was going to be naked, and once again I started to blush

and become erect. "You will very promptly remove your briefs

completely when you enter the bathroom. If you are just using the

toilet you can hang them on the hooks next to the door. If you are

showering you will need to bring a change and you will put the dirty

briefs in the laundry chute." We walked towards the toilet and I was

told to have a seat. "You will sit when you use the toilet. If you

need to go now feel free." When I did not do anything they just

stared. Eventually I managed to pee a little hoping that would end the

staring. I had never been watched peeing like this. "O.K. now you

need to have a seat on the bidet, and make sure your cheeks are spread

good." I sat down and they pushed a button on the wall beside me. A

jet of water sprayed and ran up and down the crack of my ass several

times. "Now turn around and straddle the seat so it can get the front

side. This time the water sprayed my penis. This was really degrading.

They led me now what looked like a hair dryer fixed to the wall. As

they turned it on I realized this was how I was going to get dry. "go

ahead and stand in front of the dryer and dry of your little pee-pee."

The warm air felt really good. "Now spin around and bend over, then

grab those cheeks and spread'em. Make sure you follow these procedures

every time. We expect you to maintain proper hygiene and you will be

fined for failing to do so"



I waited for someone to hand me a new pair of briefs but was instead

led to a new room. I almost jumped back when I walked into this shower

room. One of the walls was a floor to ceiling window overlooking a

bar. There were only few people in the bar and one guy taking a

shower. I saw right a way they the shower heads were placed very close

to the window which forced you to press your body up against the glass

in order to get under the water. I could see that some of the women at

the bar were pointing and laughing at me and my red face. "You will be

expected to shower every morning when you get up, every night before

you go to bed, and after every date. Your shower should take 30

minutes. You are expected to thoroughly wash your entire body each

time. If you do not comply you will be fined and you will receive

lessons on proper bathing."



I could barely walk from the shame of these women laughing at me. I

was led through the shower room and into another room with a bigger

version of the blower. we quickly walked through and back into the

main hall. I was still naked and wondering for how long. As if she was

reading my mind one of the women told me were going to the commissary

where I get my briefs each week. As we went through the door and down

the steps I started to feel a little better until we stepped out into

the middle of the bar. The women in the bar really let me hear it.

Soon a chant of "fresh meat", went up. I could not help but to look up

and see the guy in the shower who was pressed up against the glass.

His penis lewdly on display. They must have noticed my gaze, "that's a

great way to generate dates. Make sure the women know what they are

getting." We kept walking to the other end of the bar where I received

my new briefs. A pulled on a new pair and I was now displaying a

picture of the liberty bell on my butt with the slogan; Forget the

Liberty Bell, come check out my crack.





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;PART 4

I had been lying on my bed trying to convince myself that I

could make it through this. When the door flew open yet another young

women just walked into my room. I remember wondering just how many

woman worked here and just how big was this place. I would soon find

out that the Treasure Chest housed 136 debtors at a time and they were

supervised by 475-500 women. They constantly rotated from one area to

the next and one duty to another. This kept the debtors and the

supervisors from ever becoming acquainted.

"O.K. Andy, I a m here to get you ready for your first date."

She looked at me with a weird look, "stand up and lower your underwear

down to your calves." I again turned red as I exposed myself yet again

to a woman I had never met before. This seemed to amuse her as she

continued to speak, "O.K. now turn around and bend over" I was afraid

of what may be coming next. "Now reach back and spread those cheeks

for me. ...Wider....WIDER....WIDER!!!!." I thought I was going to

start tearing skin before she was satisfied. "Now, do you know why I

am having you do this Andy?"

"No Ma'am", I responded and then seemed surprised by the ma'am

part.

"Because I can", she giggled. "Now stand up and lets get to

work." I suddenly felt violated. She handed me a file folder with a

sheet of paper in it. "I'm walking through this one, but from now on a

supervisor will just drop this folder off for you. You will see that

the clients name is at the top."

I indeed did see that my date was with a Veronica Long. I

skipped down and read the next line. It instructed me that Ms Long was

a credit customer and was rated at diamond level. I was soon explained

that diamond level meant that she had unlimited credit and could

pretty much decide when and what we did. "When they have a lesser

credit rating there will be a listing of what they are paying for. If

they do not have a diamond rating they need to call to add things.

Don't worry, most have diamond level so all you need to do is what you

are told to do." she laughed.

The next line was for the room she requested. In this case the

jacuzzi suite. This was followed by a line asking what specialty

items she required. I had know idea what the ruler was for but a

pretty good idea what the collar and leash were for.

"This brings us to your attire." Written in the next blank was

fully clothed casual. " you will need to make sure you leave early

enough to go to the commissary and pick up clothes and her requested

items. Just remember, you are not allowed to put the clothes on until

you get inside the room. The final line is the time and according to

my watch you only have 20 minutes" I stood there unsure what to do for

a minute. A more than a little playful slap on the butt got me going....





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;PART 5

I made my way down to the commissary as quick as I could. I walked

into the bar area where there were several women talking and waiting

for their dates to begin. Of Course there was not supposed to be any

touching of the boys without paying but no one seemed to mind if the

Ladies grabbed or pinched an ass. I was sore by the time I made it

across and got to the little desk. The woman at the desk barely looked

up as she asked for my room number. "17 Ma'am" It hit me how quickly I

had grown accustomed to referring to any and every woman as Ma'am.

"Oh the newbie." She disappeared into a back room and two slaps

and a pinch to my butt later she returned with an arm full of folded

clothes with a leash and a ruler on top. "Here you go newbie, just

like Ms Long likes." Just as I got the clothes I heard some cheering

in the behind me. I turned and saw the ladies looking up at the shower

room. Another of the Treasure Chest's boys had come in to take a post

date shower. I saw immediately why they were cheering, he was

delicately soaping up his cherry red butt. I took this as my

opportunity to make a dash through the room. The ruler now became a

little more ominous.

I had to jog to the jucuzzi suite in order to make it with enough

time to put on the clothes. I slipped off my Treasure chest pink

underwear and slid on the white underwear that I had been provided. It

almost felt strange wearing underwear that fit. Between the baggy

feeling and the lack of pubic hair it felt very foreign. I quickly

pulled the khaki slacks on and then pulled the polo shirt on. I picked

up the leash and the ruler and before I could figure out what to do

with them when the door opened.

This was my first glimpse of Veronica Long. She was older then me,

probably late thirties to early forties. She was dressed in a smart

business suit. She looked to be a high powered professional of some

type. Not slender but by no means fat. Pretty much a plain average

looking woman. She was talking on her cell phone when she came in.

"O.K. sweetie I am at my date now. I should be home early today so

plan on having dinner ready by five sharp. Remember you need to pick

up my dry cleaning and the pictures I took of you last weekend. Also

Belle needs a bath so pick up some dog shampoo and have it done when I

get home. I expect you to have your chores all done before I get

home." She hung up her phone and looked at me, "put those on the table

over there." She gestured toward a table next to a plush couch.

I placed the leash and the ruler on the table and nervously stood

there. She approached me looking me over. "Let's see what we have

here." After circling me she sat on the couch. "Let's go ahead and get

rid of that shirt, boy." I pulled the shirt off and dropped it to the

floor. I knew instantly I had done something wrong. Her expression

changed to one of shock. "No wonder they do not let you boys ware

clothes around here. Pick that up and fold it nicely and then put it

on the table. You should know better then to just throw clothes around

like that."

"Sorry Ma'am", was all I could manage to utter as I picked up the

shirt, folded it and walked over to the table. As I walked back to my

place in front of the couch, I could feel my face getting warm as it

turned red with shame.

"That's better. Now turn slowly for me." I felt like I had never

felt before. Less than human. "Now the pants." I quickly removed my

pants and this time very carefully folded them and placed them with

the shirt. I felt so rediculious stanging there in socks and

underwear. I retook my place and awaited my next command as she was in

no way suggesting or asking me to do things. This time she didn't say

a word just motioned with her hand for me to again turn. "Stop!" My

back was now to her. She got up and grabbed the ruler. She slid the

edge of the ruler up my inner thigh and then along my butt crack. Out

of no where she used it to slap the inside of my thigh, "spread your

legs a little" The shock of the sting did not prevent me from

immediatly complying. "O.K. continue turning."

I was now face to face with her as she grinned. She took a step

back and smiled a condesending smile, "O.k. boy lets see the goods.

Off with the Tighty Whiteys, and do it slowly." As I slowly pulled the

underwear down I felt my face getting even more crimson as I became

more exposed. "Well I guess I have seen smaller, but I know I've seen

bigger." She laughed. I took the underwear and placed it with the rest

of my clothes. She now used the ruler to lift and move around my

testicals inspecting them. Next she used it to pull my erect penis

down letting it go ang snickering as it bounced back. She did this

several times like it amused her. "O.K. turn around and face away from

me." She now used the ruler to pull first one and then the other butt

cheek to the side.

"Bend over and grab your ankles." I Complied and now felt really

stupid still having socks on. I know this is your first time and you

are learning, but I do believe in disipline. It is neccesarry to

motivate change in behavior." The whole time she was saying this she

was tracing circles on my butt with the corner of the ruler. She

paused for a few seconds when she finished and then without a word she

smaked my butt with ruler. I yelped and she layed another on me. She

probably gave me twenty or thirty swats with a second or two in

between. I could feel the heat on both butt cheeks.

When she was done she told me to stand. She just looked at me

for a second, "Well!?!" I had no idea what I was supposed to say. "I

expect a thank you and a promise not to be so messy with you clothes."

"Sorry Ma'am, and thank you Ma'am. I promise not to be so messy

with my clothes." I said.

"That's better, but you still need to learn your lesson. Now

bend back over and grab your ankles." I knew I was in for a long day.

She again traced circles on my butt which was now far more sensative

to the sensation. "I can tell you are new. Look how pink that ass is."

Again she paused but this time when the first swat came it was

immediatly follwed by another and another. This was much worst. She

very quicly gave me another twenty or so swats. "O.K. you can stand now."

I had learned my lesson, "Thank you Ma'am. I promise from now on

to thank you when you disipline me and to promise not to do what I did

wrong again."

"Much better. Now, go over to the table and fold the underwear

like you are supposed to do." She said this as if her patience were

wearing thin. I walked over and folded the underwear and expected the

worse. As soon as I had returned she smiled and said, "this time

instead of grabbing your ankles I want you to reach back and pull your

ass cheeks apart" My hands grabbing my red and sore butt was

punishment in and of itself. "Do you boys realize how silly you look

in this position." Again she paused for a minute and I had know idea

what she was going to do. Then she turned the ruler verticle and began

swating the only skin on my butt that was not already red. She was

spanking me on the inside of my butt crack. I had had no idea how

tender this was. Tears welled up in my eyes and I thought she would

never stop. The first swat hurt worse then everything previous. When

you finnaly did stop I was told to stand again and she began laughing

at my teared up eyes.

"Thank you Ma'am, I promise from now on to fold my underwear" I

managed to get out.

She just stood there and smiled for a minute. "O.K., there is no

point in you keeping on those sooks." I removed them and very

carefully folded them placing them with the rest of the clothes. When

I returned to my spot she just shook her head with a smile. "You don't

fold socks you silly boy you lay them straight." My heart lept into my

through as I was not sure I could endure any more. I walked back and

straightened the socks. "This time lets go over to the bed." I

followed her over to a bed in a corner of the room. "I want you to lie

on your back with your ass at the edge of the bed and then pull your

knees to your chest. Like a baby getting a diaper." I quickly got

myself into the desired position hoping to please her and there by

minimize my punishment. "Good, now spread your legs so that your knees

are beside your chest with your toes pointing toward the bed." As I

spread my legs I noticed for the first time that their was a mirror on

the ceiling. I could not halp but see the obscene way I was now

displyed. "Now look up at your butt.", she cooed, "arn't you silly

looking" With that she turned and walked away. I had no idea where she

was going. She came back with her purse and quickly retrieved from it

a pencil. I was utterly confused. She Took the pencil in one hand and

then used the other to pull back on the end. This caused the pencil to

bend a little. She moved closer to my butt and then as she released

it, it snapped back landing verticly right across my butthole. This

was the only part of my butt she had not assaulted and was by far the

most tender. I could not help myself as my legs kicked out and I

really yelped a load "OW" sound.

She looked down at me sternly, "I WAS only going to give you one

lick, but since you did not hold your position now we have to start

over and I am going to double it. Now back into position." I managed

to grit my teeth and assume the position. I clinched my whole body and

closed my eyes as she again snapped the pencil down. This time I held

the position. "I thought I told you to look up at your ass boy. Now we

are going to have to start over again and this time double it to four

shots." I gasped in disbelief. Not only was I getting this painful

punishment but she wanted me to watch as she did it. It made me feel

so dirty to look up and stare not just at my naked crotch and butt but

at my vulnerable little butthole. I watched as she again got the

pencil into position. She snapped it down and I again yelped out. Then

a second came down. She paused and I thought for a moment she was

going to have mercy on me as she looked concerned at my butt. Just as

I relaxed my body she snapped the pencil down for the third time. This

made the sting even worse and tears now freely rolled down from my

eyes. I again cliched as she got ready with the pencil. "Unless you

want to start over with eight you will relax" She said in a commanding

voice. It took everything I had to exhale and relax my muscles. This

time the end of the pencil came down dead center on my little hole. I

screamed in pain and my whole body clinched. As the pencil layed there

in her hand she tried to calm me down, "there there, we're all done."

As I began to relax I felt a strange feeling in my butt and instantly

looked up at the mirror. She had slid the pencil up my butt. She

backed up and laughed at me laying there staring up at my reflection.

A red butt with a pencil slid up inside me. "You can stand up now" As

I reached for the pencil I was met with a strong retort. "I told you

to stand up not mess with my pencil." Defeated, I rolled over on my

stomach and managed to get to my feet without impaling myself any

further. I was just thankful it was a new pencil that had never been

sharpened.

As I got to my feet she laughed some more. I felt so stupid

standing there like that knowing I was about to thank her for doing

this to me. "Thank you Ma'am. I promise from now on to lie my socks

straight." She seemed pleased as she circled behind me. She grabbed

the pencil and slid it deeper so that her hand was pressed up against

my butt. She then put the other hand on my shoulder and pressed down.

"Squat down boy." As I squated she made sure the pencil stayed inside

me. "O.K., on the count of three jump up off the pencil boy.

One...Two... THREE." I sprang up like a frog and was free of the

pencil. Again she was very amused. "Now that thats over with maybe we

can get down to what I came here for."............................



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;PART 6

I wondered what she could possibly have in store for me next. "Now

that you have played frog lets play little puppy." I had no idea what

little puppy meant but at this point anything had to be better then

playing frog. She walked over to the table and got the collar and

then a leash from her bag. As she walked up to me she just glared and

and the swatted me on my little pink butt. "Puppies don't stand on

two feet, idiot"

I dropped down on to my hands and knees and felt the collar slide

around my neck. as she stood up i felt the collar tighten and

realized I was to walk around like this. This seemed harmless enough

and was sure alot better then hopping off of a pencil. After a few

trips around the room she walked over to the couch and sat down. As I

sat sat there on all fours I knew there would be more to this

game. "Sit boy" She ordered. I lowered my but and sat like a

dog. "Good boy, now roll over"

I got back on all fours and then rolled over. Not as easy as you think

"now play dead." I rolled over on my back and she began rubbing my

chest with her bare foot. This continued for a while and then she she

slid down to my stomach. As i lay there she slid her foot down to my

crotch and roughly rubbed me there. Every once in a while it would be

pleasurable and then it would hurt.

She slowly stood up and smiled, "Well puppy I am going to give you

a little treat now". She slowly reached under her skirt and and slir

her panties off. Next she turned her back to me and bent over resting

her head on the couch. "I know what little puppies like to do when

they meet someone new, and I can't blame you for being a little puppy

now can I." My heart began to pound. She wanted me to do her doggy

style. Finnaly I was at least going to get laid. Then she

continued, "Go ahead little puppy, it's allright if you want to sniff

my butt" My heart went from pounding to skipping a beat and then

jumping into my throat. She actually wanted me to sniff her butt. I

knew better then to protest so I walked up on my hands and knees and

began sniffing her butt. "Now boy if you don't want to play puppy we

can play frog some more. Now get your nose in there and let's feel

some sniffing" I surely did not want to play frog again so I moved

closer and got my nose right up to her butt cheeks and began making

exagerated sniffs.

Without warning she shifted her butt and pushed back centering my

nose in her crack. "That's where puppies sniff boy. Now this is your

last chance I want to feel your nose trying to get inside of me. I

wand to feel you sniffing my asshole." Again there was no way out so

I slid my nose down and pressed it against her asshole and felt her

pucker and push back. As I began sucking iar through my nose I could

tell she was sliding her hand down to her crotch. I began hearing her

moan and felt her sway. This went on for a few minutes as she seemed

to keep pushing back on my nose. When she finnaly climaxed I could

feel her asshole clinch and force my nose away. She pushed my away

and sat for a minute recouperating.

I sat there and I wondere if my nose were brown at the tip. It

made me feel so worthless. I did not get long to pity myself as she

stood and again began walking me around the room. This time she

walked me over to the open shower area, "Does puppy need to go pee-

pee?" As soon as she said it I knew I had no choice. I started to

hike my leg when she stopped me with a lash from the leash. "Stupid

boy. Only adult male dogs hike there legs. Everyone can see you are a

LITTLE puppy. Little puppies spread their back legs and lower

themselves to the ground." I could not believe this. I spread my

knees apart until she was satisfied. This left my stomach about three

inches off the ground. "Now squat down so that your little puppy

balls are on the ground" I had to push forward to accomplish this and

was now almost lying on the shower floor. "Now you can go pee-pee." I

realized I actually had to go and realesed myself. My position caused

me to pee all over myself. This brought a round of hearty laughter

from my tormentor.





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;PART 7

The file folder arrived and a sense of dread washed over me. The

cute girl looked at me and laughed a knowing laugh. i quickly opened

the folder and scanned the page. Under name it just said Ms. Anna. She

had a diamond rating, had requested the slut room, that i be dressed

in a proper catholic school uniform, and she requested her usual bag.

The time was about an 2 hours from now but i decided to go ahead and

get my things from the commissary.

i went through the usual gauntlet of pinches and slaps on my butt

to pick up the things i needed. i handed my paperwork to a woman who

looked like she was having a lot of fun today. i stood at the counter

in a dumbfounded state when i was handed a "proper catholic school

outfit", it was a proper catholic school GIRLS outfit. Before i could

think of anything to say a heavy bag was placed on top. "No Peeking",

was the only comment from the busy women. i slowly almost in shock

turned and started walking out. The first woman i passed slapped my

ass in a manner that slid my tight shorts into the crack of my ass

exposing one cheek. This snapped me out of it. i began trying to make

my way out. After alot of slaps on my exposed cheek i was alomost to

the door but was stopped by a scowling woman wearing a shirt that said

staff.

"What do you think you are doing." She almost screamed it and the

whole lounge just went silent and everyone turned and looked at me.

"If you are not going to wear your uniform properly then give it to

me", with that she held out her hand. i stammered trying to think of a

way to explain but quickly realized it would not matter. i bent over

to put down my "outfit" and the bag when she interrupted, "Don't put

that on the ground. You will get them dirty. Go back to the Commissary

and put them down on the bar. Then bring me your uniform and then you

can go back and get your things." Everyone was staring and laughing as

i walked back and pulled down the only shreds of modesty i had. As i

walked back there were lots of rude comments about my body. i just

wanted to get out of there. i handed over my shorts and thought i was

through. "Now, are you going to have a problem with your uniform

again. If so we can save a few bucks and just let you walk around like

this. Maybe tattoo a slogan on your little butt." The belittling

lecture went on for what seemed like an hour. The women in the lounge

often encouraging her. When she finally let me go she turned and

walked out. Now i had to walk across the room to get my outfit and

back through a maze of women who's attention i had fully. i was groped

and slapped both from the front and back the whole way. One Lady even

tried to put something up my ass.

i was so relieved to make it out. As i walked back to the date

rooms i passed several of the staff. i quickly learned that when you

are out of uniform you must explain why. And of course there is never

a good reason so you must then bend over and receive a couple of good

spanks. i know my ass was cherry red by the time i got to the slut

room. i also knew i had to quickly get dressed. It was strange putting

on these lace pink panties with little hearts all over them but it was

nice to once again have some modesty. The bra on the other hand was

much more difficult on me. It took me forever to get it hooked behind

my back and i felt like a complete ass as i did it. The tartan skirt

was easy although how could it not be it barely came down far enough

to cover the panties. The thin blouse and black tie were the most

normal for me. When i had gotten dressed i just stood there and looked

at the bag wondering what was in it. It almost hypnotized me because i

knew better then to peek in it.

When Ms. Anna walked in i was shocked by her beauty. She was

stunning. She slowly walked over to me looking me over from head to

toe. She circled around me. i felt like a used car being looked over

by a potential buyer. You know not looking to be impressed but looking

for all the obvious and the hidden flaws. Finally she stood facing me

only about 3 feet away. "Well is that a proper outfit for a Catholic

school girl?"

i knew there was no right answer so I just went with yes, "Yes Ma'am"

"I don't think so!" she snapped, "Since you do, lets give it the

test. Shall we." She walked to the bag opened it and rummaged around

until she had what she wanted. She walked back over with a hairbrush,

"o.k., turn around a bend over and touch your toes." i did as i was

told and braced for the hairbrush i knew was coming. "A proper uniform

would cover you at all times. Look at how this rides up." She traced

the bottom of the skirt that was now half way up my cheek with her

finger. "Now if you are going to be a proper school girl you need

discipline or if you are not trying to be a proper school girl then I

can put away my brush. Well, witch is it."

i figured either way i was going to end up doing what she wanted

so if i could avoid a paddling why not. "i am not going to be a

proper school girl Ma'am."

"I see. That explains the short skirt. You must want to be a

complete little slut girl. Well, we will have to treat you like a

little slut girl." With that she reached between my legs and cupped

my balls. "Why don't you go over to that stripper pole and give me a

show."

i walked over to the stripper pole and began to wonder if i should

have taken the paddling instead. i began dancing and awkwardly

removing the tie and then the blouse. The bra was once again a very

tricky item. i was doing my best to look like a slut as i pulled the

skirt off. Before i could remove the panties she stopped me.

"O.k. now for the panties put your hands on your head and use my

finger to remove them." She stuck out her index finger at just below

waist height. i moved over to her and placed my hands on my head. i

pushed up to her finger and stood on my tip toes forcing the panties

down in front and allowing her finger to play with my now hardening

dick. "Now turn around." Now i pressed my ass back to her finger. She

moved it slightly to make sure it was centered on my crack. As i

raised up she pressed in forcing me to slide her finger down my crack

right to my little hole. She gave me a playful little poke, not enough

to penetrate but enough to let me know she was there. She withdrew her

finger and looked me over. "Now how are you going to get them the

rest of the way down." they were tight enough that they clung to my

legs and just low enough to expose me. "I know, lay on your back and

stick your legs up in the air." When i did this she lowered her

fingers but not quite low enough to grab the panties. i had to

repeatedly thrust up to get them caught on her finger. This meant me

flopping around, and my dick flopping around. When i finally got the

panties caught she kind of pushed my legs back bringing my butt up a

little. "Now just slowly spread your knees and it will force them up

your legs" As i did this i could feel my butt opening and knew i was

obscenly displaying it. She made sure i had to spread my knees as far

as possible and kept moving them back towards my chest. "Look how the

little slut likes to spread himself out."

The panties eventually popped off. Now i had gone from wearing

frilly little heart panties to lying on my back with my legs spread

and pulled back. "You really do want to be a little slut don't you."

she kind of said it like you would talk to a dog. "Why don't you go

ahead and show me how a little slut girl slides her finger in and out

of herself." i think i would have passed out from the humiliation if i

was not already lying on the ground. i hesitated as i really didn't

know what to do. "Come on just slide that little middle finger in

there and show me how you love it." Slowly i saw my hand reach down

between my legs almost as if it was an outer body experience. i was in

total disbelief of what i was doing to myself. i felt the tip of my

finger touch the tender flesh. i jumped a little. Slowly i pushed the

tip of my finger past the sphincter muscle. It felt like i was putting

my finger in a tight thimble. Like it was going to cut off the

circulation to the tip of my finger and at the same time like it could

not go any deeper. "Come on slide it all the way in, you know you want

to." she chided. i pushed and got it in to the second knuckle but it

felt like it was tearing me from the inside with the friction my dry

finger. After a deep breath i tried to push it the rest of the way in,

but i just ended up letting out a yelp.

"Please Ms. Anna, it just hurts to much to slide it all the way

in." i pleaded for mercy

"Oh well I guess you should use something to lube your finger.

Would you like to get your finger a little more slick?" She mocked.

"Yes Ma'am" i said with relief.

"O.k. go ahead and slide it out." she said with a sigh of

frustrated disappointment. Pulling my finger out was almost as brutal.

i decided the band aid approach was the best way so i jerked it out

all at once. The noise it made reminded of a champaign cork being

pulled out of a bottle. The burn reminded me of a skinned knee only

inside me. She laughed as i lie there with a dumb look on my face my

finger still only an inch or two from my asshole. i had no idea what

to do other then wait for the lube. She walked over to the bag and

after a minute came back with some hand lotion. That hand lotion

looked better than a steak dinner at that point. She walked over and

squirted some on her hand and began to massage in into her hands and

arms. Then she casually walked back and put it up.

She looked down with an unpleased expression, "Go ahead and lube

that finger if you want some lube." i clearly was lost now and my

expression showed it. "Take that little finger and lick it until it is

good and wet boy." I was horrified. She wanted me to lick this finger

that i had just put in my ass. Again i saw my hand come to my face as

if someone else was controlling it. When my tongue began licking it,

it was all i could do not to gag. She sat there and made sure i licked

it all the way around and until it was covered in my saliva. When i

had licked it to her satisfaction she had me suck on it. telling me

to slide it in and out of my mouth just the way i would my asshole.

Then once again i slowly slid my middle finger into my asshole. This

time the pain was not nearly as bad and i was able to slide it all

the way in.

"Well go ahead and work it in and out like a good slut. Make your

self moan like a sexy little slut." She beamed as she said this. i

started sliding it in and out trying to be as gentle as i could.

"Faster slut. I wanna see you really working it. Unless you need some

more lube that is." With that i started ramming my finger in and out

as fast as i could stand. i started moaning like it felt good.

"O.K. thats enough slut." She walked up closer and bent down

removing her high heeled shoes. as she took the second one off she

grabbed it by the heel wiping the excess lotion all over it. "You know

what else sluts like to do? They like to put strange things inside

themselves while others watch." She handed me the high heel shoe and

offered no further instruction. It was obvious what she wanted and

there was no choice in the matter. i took the shoe and slowly pushed

the heel into my ass. It was more rigid then my finger put had less

friction. As i worked it in and out she began to laugh "I guess those

are your fuck me pumps." after minute she walked over lifted her foot.

I panicked and pulled the heel out to put it on her foot. "I did not

tell you to stop you little slut. You will fuck yourself until I give

you permission to stop!" She yelled. I quickly put the heel back in my

butt. Actually i tried and missed the first time and then was a little

more careful to get the tip in the right spot before i shoved it in. I

continued to work it in and out and once again she lifted her foot.

This time i did not stop until she slid her foot into the shoe and

told me to let go. She slid it in and out pushing it even deeper then

i was. She was almost standing on me a couple of times trying to drive

it deep.

When she decided to pull her shoe out of me i almost thanked her.

It was a very intimidating feeling looking up, from that position, at

a beautiful woman sho had just but sliding the heel of her shoe in and

out of your butt. "Get up and show me how you dance on a pole slut."

At first this really scared me and then i remembered the stripper

pole. i was actually relieved that she meant for me to do a pole dance.

i stood up and walked over to the pole. i started trying to look

sluty and began twirling around the pole my penis now hard again

bounced ludely around. She laughed, "you really stink at this slut.

Turn your back to the pole and bend over. then slide your ass up and

down the pole for me." i did as i was instructed. "Come on and slut it

up. Reach back pull your cheeks apart. get the pole deep in there.

bend over further." She kept barking commands until she was satisfied.

In the meantime i was sliding my but up and down this pole making

squeaking noises as the skin of my butt clung to the pole.

"O.K. now turn around and hump that pole for me." I turned and

began to slide my dick up and down the pole. As i did this she walked

back to her bag and retrieved something. She strolled up behind me and

told me to put my hands behind my back. i knew instantly what she had

gotten when the metal it my wrist. I was now humping a pole with my

hands cuffed behind my back. "Now I want to watch you make yourself

cum using nothing but this pole." She said this with almost a purr. i

had no idea if i could do that or not, but i started pressed my penis

between the pole and my stomach and began sliding up and down. It did

not take long for me to realize that, yes i could make myself cum

this way. i tried moving my feet closer to the pole, and pulling up

back away pressing myself harder into the pole. Then I tried closing

my legs and then spreading them wide. I figured out what be the best

feeling stance and really went at it. After a couple of minutes i came

pulling away from the pole just enough so that my spasming penis was

still on the pole but not the rest of my body. It was a glorious

relief and i was surprised just how much i came.

"good little slut. Now get down on your knees and clean up your

mess." She said this as she put a hand on my shoulder forcing me down.

I was still a little clueless on how i was supposed to clean up my

mess with my hands cuffed behind my back. As she took me by the back

of the head it became real clear, "stick out your tongue." In this

position there was no way to stop her and as i opened my mouth to

protest she pushed my lips right into my own cum. She let back and

looked at the cum on and around my lips and told me to lick my lips

like a hungry little slut. This was the first time i had ever tasted

cum and was unprepared for the salty tasty and slimy composition.

After my lips i was told to finish licking the pole clean. It took me

twenty minutes to force myself to lick every spot of cum off the pole.

She did not rush me or even say a word. She seemed to really enjoy

watching me struggle to force myself to do as she had told me.

After I finished she brought me over to the bag. She pulled out

a blindfold and tied it securely around my head so i could not see.

She led me over to where the bed was. Once again i was pushed down to

my knees. "Now that you have had your fun it is time time for me to

have mine" i actually got a little excited. Things had been kind of

rough at first but she had let me cum and now i was going to get to

perform oral sex on a stunning woman. Even if i was blindfolded. i

could hear her slide out of her clothes. She ordered me to stick out

my tongue and then she positioned my head at the position and angle

she wanted it. "Now I expect a lot of licking first, then I want you

to get your tongue as deep inside me as you can and really work it

around." I was actually hard again as she said it. The next thing i

know i feel her hands grabbing the back of my head and pulling my down

between her legs. I began licking and knew something was not right. It

took me a minute as the whole thing was disorienting. She had me

licking her butt. i knew better then to struggle and just went with it

again doing something for the first time. It was not bad. After a

minute I actually began to try to lick in ways that would generate a

moan or a reaction. Then she started pulling me closer, "come on slut,

it's time to quit teasing me and start putting that tongue deep in

there." I had almost forgot and cringed as i started to push the tip

of my tongue into her. Right as I began to enter her she pulled my

face into her butt my nose in her pussy. After a few minutes of her

ordering me deeper i had my tongue stretched as deep into her ass as i

could get it. i worked my tongue around as she moaned until my tongue

started cramping.

Just as quickly as she had pulled me in she pushed my head back.

"Would you like something to drink now slut. Something to get that

taste out of your mouth?"

"Yes Ma'am please." I begged.

again she positioned my head telling me to lean my head back and

stick out my tongue. A moment lated a warm acrid liquid hit my tongue

and i knew instantly she was peeing into my mouth. I turned my head

letting the warm liquid hit my cheek and form a puddle on the ground.

"How dare you!" she shouted as she stopped. She slapped me hard

across the face and then grabbed the side of my head. "You are going

to clean that up, but first you are going to open your mouth and

swallow what I give you. Now tongue out." With no where for my head to

go i was forced to open my mouth and begin to taste and swallow her

urine. It was a very hard to keep it down but i managed to keep

swallowing until she stopped. "Now you little slut. Since you spit out

the first part I want you to open your mouth and not swallow. I am

going to fill your mouth and you are going to hold it there." She

filled my mouth completely and even overflowed my mouth with some

leaking out and running down my face. She then instructed me to close

my mouth and swash it around. Then she had me gargle it.

My mouth was still full when she made me get down on all fours.

she pushed my head down into the puddle like a puppy who had messed in

the house. Then she pushed my knees in toward my chest and spread them

, basically forcing my butt up in the air. After a pause she came back

and i felt something on my asshole. Slowly she started forcing it into

me. It was really big and i wanted to open my mouth and scream but it

was still full. "We are going to have to give you a little discipline

for spilling on the floor" and with that she pushed in hard and this

big thing popped past my sphincter and into my ass. I realized it was

a large butt plug a moment later it started to vibrate. "Now you can

swallow slut then lick up every drop. I am going to continue

disciplining you until you are done." I swallowed and began licking

her urine from the floor. Then I felt a sting on my ass and in my ass.

She was spanking me with the hairbrush with the vibrating butt pug

still in me. I began licking even quicker as the hairbrush kept coming

down. When I finally finished tears were rolling down the cheeks on my

face and the ones on my ass were bright red.

"Thats a good start but you have not got it all." She forced me

into a position where i was sitting on the butt plug. This made the

vibrating more intense. Then she propped my feet up so that all my

weight was on the plug, again making it more intense. She took a

moment to make sure my sore cheeks were spread wide and then placed

some sand paper underneath them. "This way you won't be tempted to

squirm around. Now time ti finish cleaning up slut." She came around

and grabbed my head forcing me into her pussy. i began licking and

could still taste the urine. After a minute the taste went away and i

kept waiting for her to release me and take out this plug that was

stretching me out so painfully. It was at least 30 minutes and 4 very

wet orgasms later that she finally said i was done. i was so excited

to get the plug out but she did not seem to be in a hurry. I could

hear her dress first.

"O.K. discipline is over. The keys to the handcuffs are on the

table next to you. Go ahead and take care of that for yourself."

Easier said then done. It took me ten minutes just to stand up after

flopping around on the ground. then to get the keys and unlock the

cuffs was another twenty minutes. When I finally got my freedom i

reached back and pulled the plug out and again had the champagne cork

sound. That brought a chorus of laughs and for the first time i

realized other people had come into the room. i pulled off the

blindfold and the in addition to Miss Anna there were three staff

members who i had never seen before.

One of the staffers who was still laughing told me to bend over

and grab my cheeks. She wanted to see if my punished asshole was still

gaping open, which of course it was. She then had me spread me get up

on the table and pull my legs back behind my head. One by one they

posed next to me while another took a picture. then in groups. The

last picture Ms. Anna grabbed some flowers from a table and used my

asshole as a vase.

They all left me like that as they talked loudly on their way

out. Ms. Anna was telling them how i had pulled my finger out of my

own ass and then licked until it was good and wet.









Review This Story
 || Email Author:  A Davis


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





