BDSM Library - dad fuckholy




dad fuckholy
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The story  young  womans adventures  sexual slaver and reluctant 






How Daddy's little fuck slut doing knew come Daddy his special hello.&nbsp; Well slut I waiting for that mouth of your get to work doing what it was make for sucking Daddy's dick&nbsp; 

 Slut lowered her head onto Daddy dick. She bobbed her head up and down his shaft, hoping give Daddy the best blow-job she could. Know that if he was not happy with it she would know about it as was do.

 As soon as Daddy knew he was going to cum soon. He yanked her head back and blasted her face. Now hold steal I'm not going to hold your face steal cum-bucket and neither are the people how dick I have suck. 

 She immediately begin licking up the goo from her face, but a kick in the ribs stopped her. ? Bitch!? Yelled Daddy, Did I say you could taste my seed? If I what you to tasted it would have come your mouth and not your face.

 Daddy looked at her and softly said? Do you know why I didn&#8217;t cum in your gutter of a mouth slut?

 The slut whose face was now a mixture of semen and tears shook her head and no Daddy why? 

 Because you haven&#8217;t earned the right. Right now, you're only worthy of cum on your face. Your worthless mouth, cunt, and ass, isn't. Now suck on this dildo and you better&nbsp; have it good and wet when&nbsp; because when I get back with belt it going up&nbsp; the ass your.

 When He got back slut was the bed with the dildo already up her ass

 For&nbsp; being such a go little fuck hole Daddy has gift for you now you&nbsp; put dick back&nbsp; in&nbsp; that fuck hole&nbsp; mouth of your and you better not waist a drop of to could any that Daddy choose to give you should be precious to you 

Just as she put Daddy dick h piecing down her throat. Daddy let the belt flies, smashing into her breast, they shivering with each blow, deep red welts beginning to color the tender flesh across stomach and fuck bags,

 Your a good little fuck hole you tuck and didn't west a drop of my precious pie so what if I what beating you what would you say?

"Then Daddy little come bag beg him with everything inside her for Daddy to beat her until his arm aches.&nbsp; This body is Daddy's to fuck and hurt any way that pleases him that I find in that I find my happiness."




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  shi pain


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





