BDSM Library - Bath Time




Bath Time
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: 






We walk in the door, i lock it behind us, take off my shoes. You stroll through the utility room to the sitting room and shut the curtains and i follow behind you. You motion for me to kneel in front of you.

I kneel hands behind me in reverse prayer position eyes up looking at you, you stroke my hair and my face, i lower my head, you cup my chin and push it up to face you, you lean down and kiss me forcefully, grabbing my hands and pulling them up above my head you then pull my jumper off over my head, followed by my vest top, then fiddle with my bra for a few seconds before ordering me to take it off. Next you grab me by my hair and pull me to my feet before reaching up my skirt and pulling down my stockings and then my knickers before ordering me to lift my feet and pulling them off completely. You reach a hand up my skirt again, and push my legs apart before feeling my wet cunt then bringing your fingers up to my mouth for me to lick them clean.

You then reach behind you to the settee where you have placed the toy bag, you pass the bag to me, whispering in my ear, "get out the collar and the lead my little slut"
"yes Master," i open the bag, reach into the main compartment and dig out the collar and lead and i hand them to you 

"did you want the padlock as well?" you pause for a moment before answering "yes, i think so" i unzip the front pocket of the bag and pass you the padlock and the keys. "Thank you, tigress"

I lower my head, "its a pleasure Master" you lift my chin again, and put the lead and the padlock down and hold the collar up against my neck and I gather my hair in my hands to stop it getting caught and bow my head so you can fasten the collar easier, you fasten it, "is that okay, not to tight?" "no it's just right, thank you," you pick up the padlock and fasten it onto the clasp at the back of the collar, before attaching the lead to the o-ring at the front of the collar. 

You wrap the lead around your hand a few times before using it to pull me back on to my knees, and then pulling down and forwards until i'm on my hands and knees, you lead me around the sitting room, before stopping to get the flogger out of the toy bag, to spur me on, you then lead me around several more times, before leading me to the door to the kitchen, which you open and then lead me up the step into the kitchen, around the corner and up the stairs, along the landing, down the step by the bathroom and then outside the bathroom you pull me back to my feet, before removing the lead, un-doing the padlock and taking the collar off "don't want these getting wet do we tigress?" i shake my head in reply. You hold my hand and smile at me, and then lead me into the bathroom.

You put your arms around me and hold me tight, you kiss my forehead before telling me to look at you "are you sure you want this, slut?" i nod my head emphatically and smile at you, "yes Master". 

"Get in the bath and kneel in the middle, facing the taps" "Yes Master" I kiss you once more, before pulling the shower curtain to one side and climb into the bath, i turn around slowly, looking at you over my shoulder and kneel with my arms across my chest, in the Egyptian position you love so much. I lower my head as you take off your shoes, socks and jeans before climbing into the bath and standing behind me, you stroke my hair making me moan "easy tigress". 

You slip off your boxers and pull off your top and t-shirt. You bend down and stroke my back, starting at my shoulders and stroking down to my bottom, "are you still wet, cum slut?" "just a bit!" "not wet enough though are you, slut?" You hold your cock in one hand and grab my hair with the other and a golden yellow stream of urine hits my back and begins to run down to my not insignificant behind, i moan quietly and you let go of my hair and stroke my face, when your fingers start to stroke around my mouth i bite out and you pull your hand away "easy tigress" i open my mouth and you put in your index finger which i suck expertly. "You okay my slut?" "Yes Master" the stream of urine stops spraying on me "Turn around please slut, face me" I hold onto the edges of the bath and edge myself around so i'm kneeling in front of you i put my arms back across my chest and lower my head, you grab hold of my chin and push my head up to the ceiling "keep it there, hands clasped behind your back" "yes Master" Once I am in the required position the spray of your urine starts again now hitting my belly, then my tits, "look at me," i lower my head slightly, "if i tell you to close your eyes and to keep your mouth shut will you be okay with that?" I know that what you're really asking is if you peeing on my face will be too much for me, so I smile up at you and tell you that "I think i will be okay with that" "Go, on then slut, close your eyes and keep your mouth shut" Your piss hits my face and the smell of it turns me on more. "Head down" "Yes Master" You wash my hair with your urine. You then wipe your feet with a flannel and grab a towel off the radiator you put it on the floor and step onto it. 

"Stay there" you pull the shower curtain across and put the dial of the shower onto cold, before turning it on, the cold water hits my body, contrasting to the warm urine that was hitting me only seconds before. "Stand up and wash yourself", its a shivering hand that grabs the shampoo bottle, i rub the shampoo into my hair before stepping back under the harshly cold shower, i rinse the shampoo off and put some more on and rinse it off again before grabbing the soap and flannel i rub the soap onto the flannel then clean first one arm and then the other, lifting them up and washing my arm pits, i then clean my shoulders and neck before moving down to ample cleavage, I wash first one breast then the other, lifting them up to wash under neath them. i wash my stomach, my legs then my pussy, before asking you through slightly chattering teeth, "would you do the honours with my back please?" "It would be an honour" I hand you the soapy flannel and you start at my shoulders and rub gently down my back and my bottom, before spanking me and turning me by the shoulders, i rinse the flannel and step under the water rinsing off the soap i put my head up, face into the cold, wet water, before stepping back and soaping up the flannel again and washing my face. i step under the water one last time, to wash off the water from my face. You turn the water off and pull back the shower curtain.

"Are you a cold tigress?" "ye, yes Master" "well we'll have to see if we can find a way of warming you up then won't we?" "Uh huh" "Where's your toybag, cumslut?" "On the bed" "Lie down, assume the pose" i lie down on my stomach, legs bent, feet crossed my arms in a box infront of me, head up as you leave the bathroom, and walk the short distance to my bedroom you take out the big red candle and the matches before coming back into the bathroom. You light the candle, and tell me to put my arms down and put my head on my arms. You hold the candle a good distance away from my back and let the wax gather for a second or two before tipping the candle so the hot wax drips onto my back.

I gasp as the wax splashes onto me before allowing my body to soak up the pain, you drip the wax all down my back and then you concentrate on my bottom for a while, before ordering me to roll over, you then start on my breasts which causes bigger gasps and more moaning especially when the wax lands on my nipples. It isn't long before both breasts are covered in red wax. You smile down at me, admiring your handiwork. "How do you think we should get all this wax off then slut?" "i don't know, maybe an electric sander, oh Domly One" you join in my laughing before going downstairs to get a blunt bone handled knife and your toy bag. When you return, you carefully remove the dried wax from my breasts before ordering me to stand in the bathtub with my hands against the wall, you then start to flog the wax off my upper back and shoulders, you use the knife to get the wax off my lower back and the flogger to remove it from my bottom. 

When you are finished you tell me to get out of the bath and you wrap me in a towel and then hold me for a few minutes, before clearing all the wax from the bath. You put the plug in the bath and turn the hot tap on, putting some bubble bath in, you get the bath to the right temperature, then you take my towel and help me to get in, you stroke my hair as i sit up in the bath, before gently pushing me back so i'm lying down. After helping me to wash, you take the plug out and hold the towel whilst i climb out, you wrap me up, take my hand and lead me to the bedroom.



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Beth


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





