BDSM Library - Hunting Girl




Hunting Girl
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: An aristocratic hunting girl's horse refuses to jump a gate while chasing a fox. A rough caretaker opens the gate, but instead of following the hunt, the girl takes the young man back to the stables and begins training him to be her steed.






Hunting Girl
Dr. Flotsom

Damn woman...

He thought of the girl he had been pursuing for the last few weeks. She had put him off again, and he was unsure what to do next. His mind was preoccupied with her shape, smell and the feel of his body's lingering desire.

He trudged across the fields, heading to check some of the traps, clear brush and repair a wall along the field access road. His job was not glamorous, but it allowed him to keep his own cottage on the border of the estate.

Dirty boots slopped in the mud. It was a warm day, and walking through the muddy fields was tiring. He diverted from his shortcut to the dirt path.

His preoccupation with the girl was interrupted by the sounds of dogs in the distance. A hunting party, coming across the fields, he thought. He stopped... and heard the sound of approaching hooves, as well as the hunting horn. They were coming this way.

Oh great, he thought. With my luck I will get trampled by aristocracy today...

He pressed against the stone wall next to the path, out of the way, as the horses came in to view, and with a huge cloud of dust, pounded past. Horses leaped over the three foot stone wall, one after the other, with grace.

All but one. As he approach the mare that refused to clear the fence, he saw it was ridden by a woman, dressed in hunting attire that complimented her form. The horse simply refused to clear the fence. He went to the nearby gate, and opened it.

The woman guided the horse to the gate but then stopped. He looked up at her... and truly noticed her for the first time. Squinting in the sun as he look up, he saw the outline of a magnificent woman. She looked at first glance to be about 25. Her sandy hair was tied back, but wisps had come down and blew in the breeze. A long face, young, slightly haughty but still undeniably cute looked down at him. Freckles barely visible, otherwise clear complexion. A slightly turned up nose. Brown eyes looked at him as if evaluating a dog...

Her impressive figure was outlined against the sky and he felt a pang as he realized she was appraising him. As if sensing his reaction, a small smile appeared on her face.

He removed his hat, and greeted her. He talked of the weather politely, and she responded. Smiling, she made light conversation. Her voice was light, higher than he expected, full of confidence and femininity, all at once.

The awkwardness of the situation was pressing on him. He was not of her class, should not even be talking with her as if she were his equal. It felt as if she had him in a spell. He held her mount's bridle and realized she had just asked if he could walk the horse with her back to the estate.

Of course... simply walking with her might be enough for him to dream of her for the next month. He stole glances as they walked, memorizing her figure. The perfect cut of her riding outfit emphasized her bust and thin waist. Her leather boots conformed to her calves perfectly, and shone with polish. At one point they brushed his shoulder... and then again.

As they approached the barn, she reached down to pat her horse's neck and her hand brushed his where he held the bridle. They touched. It was brief, but still, a little too long for just an accident, and long enough for him to have the sensation of her warm, smooth skin.

His erection was becoming obvious.

As she dismounted he saw there was a slight sheen of sweat on her. She removed the riding jacket, exposing her figure to him. It seemed as if every move she made was a dance, an erotic gesture. She new what she was doing and she had him focusing on her. Nothing else was of concern to him.

She stepped over to him and looked in his eyes. There was desire there, and something else that he could not identify. Whatever it was, it excited him. He reached out to her, arm around her waist and pulled her to him. They kissed, suddenly, urgently, with desire. Her hair came down, long and silky around her shoulders.

As they began fumbling to loosen their clothes, they fell to the straw on the floor of the barn. Fingers clawed skin as they became free of the restrictions of clothing.

Just as he felt ready to place himself inside her and reach the ultimate joining to climax, she stopped him. Pushing him back... kissed him and said... "indulge me". By now, he was rack hard and literally ached with desire. Watching her with glazed eyes seeing nothing but her perfect shape, he saw her reach for a leather harness...

"Wear this for me..." she said. He was not in a position to disagree, as she brushed her breasts against him while buckling the bit in his mouth, blinders and straps around his body. The leather felt strange against his skin. She tightened the last harness, and then lay down, a satisfied smile on her lips.

While strange, he was more aroused than he had ever been in his life. She was the most beautiful, desirable woman he had ever had... or was about to have. He climbed over her, the bit and bridle preventing him from kissing her, but she moved him in to place and they joined.

The sensations of being inside her were incredible. The combination of hovering over her on hands and knees, thrusting, the tight leather and restrictive bit in his mouth, was incredible. When he finally came, it was an explosion, a release like none he had ever experienced.

He collapsed to the side and began to recover. She lay beside him... breathing hard. That was incredible...

She wanted to go again. He was flaccid... unable, though he was sure with the proper prompting he would be able to resume soon. She responded. "Let me help..."

A strap was tied to his harness, securing him to a ring in the wall. He was kneeling on hands and knees, and started to get up. There was a sharp pain, a stinging slash across his ass and he dropped back to the floor. She had struck him, hard, with the riding crop.

He kneeled on the floor, a slight drool coming from his mouth because of the bit. He was completely aware of what was happening now. She had him completely strapped with harness, secured to the ring in the wall, and had struck him twice with the cutting crop when he moved. Remaining still for a second or two, she felt her kneel beside him, nuzzle his ear, and reach between his legs.

He was embarrassed... his erection had returned. Her hand grasped it firmly, as he kneeled before her, shuddering slightly with the humiliation he was experiencing. But there was something undeniable... he was aroused, hard, ready, and he wanted her in whatever way she would give herself.

After stroking him for a little while and nuzzling him, brushing her body against him and whispering reassurances in his ear, she rose and took the harness strap. Unlocking him from the ring in the wall, she led him, on all fours, across the stall. When there was hesitation, he felt the sting of the crop.

As they walked, moving together as she led him with the bridle, he was able to catch sight of her amazing form, naked and shiny with sweat from exertion.

After a few minutes of this, his bridle was once again fastened to the wall. His erection remained huge, hard, straining. He wanted more... of anything from this amazing, dominant woman.

Reigns were attached to his harness.

Boots appeared before him. She was wearing nothing... but her boots. And the spurs on them. The shock of what might happen... the spurs... made him buck and attempt to move away once again. Once again, her crop mixed with her warm skin and soft reassurances calmed him. Her hand went once again between his legs... and he stood passively as she kept him aroused.

He had forgotten completely where he was... what he was... simply that he was there, with her, and she was training him. He wanted to please her, somehow. He just needed the guidance from her. And more than anything... he wanted to enter her again. He clung to that promise, the hope.

He waited... wondering what she would demand next, and whether he would be able to take the spurs if she used them. But then... he also knew he probably had no choice.

The afternoon heat had made him sweat profusely.

He felt it trickling down his face, his body, his arms and legs as he kneeled on all fours. Dirt stuck to him, as did straw.

She stood over him, ready to mount him on his back once again. His ass stung with the reminder of the crop which had been used liberally throughout his afternoon training. He worshiped her fine leather boots, her muscular legs, and naked sex... that was as far as he could see without receiving another snap of the crop.

He hung his head down as she straddled him and rested her full weight on his back. She was a light woman, not tall and rather thin, and he felt the softness between her legs as it pressed on his lower back. He hung his head, exhausted, and saw his cock standard hard and ready as it had all afternoon, and the blood trickling from the small wounds in his legs from where her spurs had urged him on.

She pulled the bridle and he chewed the bit as she rode him once again. *SMACK* the crop urged him...

At the end of this session, she tied him to the ring in the wall once again, and he waited as she walked away. He was grateful for the time to rest.

After a few moments she returned and he suddenly felt the splash of cold water as she dumped a large bucket over his skin. Fuck, that was cold, she didn't have to do that. His erection had begun to subside. He stood patiently as she dumped two more buckets of water on him, washing the dirt and sweat from him.

Once he was wet, she took a rough sponge, and a bucket with soapy water, and began washing him. Smoothly, caring, she soaped his body. Her naked body rubbed against his, the slippery water making the skin on skin smooth and sensitive. She spoke in a low voice as she washed him, calming words.

That's better, boy, isn't it. You did well today, you are a good learner. I knew you were good stock when I first saw you. Keep it up... There are always treats in store for the good boy... I know its hard at first, but it will get better, trust me...

As she finished washing him, cleaning between his legs, he found he was once again rock hard. He was aching, the erection had raged for so long, and he felt as if he might climax spontaneously, there was such longing and pressure built up. The way her body slid against his, the tender way she dried him, and touched him. He was still restrained with the bit and harness, tied to the wall.

When he was clean, dried and ready, she untied him and leg him by his bridle to the hay. There she lay before him, and he was able to see her perfect body. Her breasts were small but perfectly formed, her stomach flat, ready to press against his, her lips wet and slightly parted, hair sandy and spread out against the bed of straw. Her legs spread for him, as she pulled the reigns so that he was positioned above her.

Ride me now, take me and please me...

His hips moved, and his cock found her and pushed. She was so wet, so ready that he slipped in quickly, and felt the velvet of her inside. He clamped down on his bit, biting hard as a few thrusts brought him the orgasm that he had dreamed of, desired, and ached for all afternoon. He had been inside her before, but his climax this time was like death. He truly lost himself completely, lost all awareness for a while, as his body thrusted and muscles contracted.

As he felt the climax wane, he consciously contracted muscles, squeezing the last semen out in to her. He began to withdraw, exhausted beyond all reason. *SNAP* the crop hit him once again.

Satisfy me, ride me with your giant cock and make me come!

He became aware of the rhythm of their thrusts, as they began again in unison. He began making straining noises, small grunts of effort as he drove in to her. She was making her own sounds of pleasure and effort, as they moved. Her hips were grinding, urging him to pleasure her.

They came a second time... and as he thought she was finally sated, she turned, kneeled on all fours before him, and urged him... fuck me, like the steed you are...

He climbed on her, mounting her from the rear. He had never maintained an erection this long, or had this many orgasms so close to each other, but he continued, finding the experience more erotic than he had ever dreamed. He was her toy, her steed, her plaything and her lover. He thrust all the way in and felt her ass press his stomach as she felt his huge cock thrusting in to her. She cried out, almost a scream of pain, as she climaxed again, but this time he was not done. He had burning, aching desire to come inside her again but could not... he had spent himself, but could not stop. He kept thrusting.

She let him keep going. Then she urged him to keep going. Finally, she cried out yet again, a wild, primal cry as she came, and he cried out, animal like, as he came once again.

He fell to her side, exhausted and spent as he had never been from all the days of labor in the fields.

She rested for a moment and then rose, removed his harness and dumped another bucket of water over him.

Get dressed. Go. Its over.

He rose, and as he stood on his feet and slowly put on his pants and shirt, he began feeling human again. He had mixed feelings about that. For several hours he had been trained, punished, rewarded, and treated as an animal. He had worshipped his mistress. She had been stern, but fair.

And the rewards were like none other.

But his humanity rushed back in. His sense of dignity had been lost, but was returning. He looked at her magnificent form as she dressed. He was embarrassed, shamed by what had happened. There would be scars from where the spurs had gouged him.

She looked at him as he turned to leave. Make sure the gate at the fence is open Saturday. We will be riding again. Her perfect lips had a small smile on them as she brushed her hair back.

As he walked back home, he remembered the feeling of the bit in his mouth. The humiliation of what had just happened struck him. He had let his urges turn him into an animal, willing to be degraded simply for the chance to worship and please a beautiful female.

The feeling of the bit... in his mouth... her patience in training him... the reward... 

He might just have to make sure that gate was OK next Saturday...




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Doctor Flotsom


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





