BDSM Library - Tales From Venus Town




Tales From Venus Town
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Three tales set on a future post war earth, where the passions and fates of three sisters are interwoven in ways they could not possibly envision...






TALES FROM VENUS TOWN
By Dorothy Strangelove

part one: THE DYING BREED

Venus Town had seen a rebirth in the last ten years. Not on the scale that mankind had seen a rebirth in the last hundred years, but it had brought changes that might as well have been on a grand scale like the revolution and then the third world war all over again for the changes it had made to the poulation. Change was sometimes a good thing,&nbsp; especially where once there had been chaos and hardship. Now the town was seeing a new era, booming business, new housing and once where the ghettos stood, now there were sleek shopping malls and clean bright walkways, only the north end of the town remained as a reminder of the past, it was the place where the more affluent dared not set foot, especially after dark. 
"That's the real Venus Town." Sara said.
And her sister just looked at her as if she pitied her for that statement. It was easy for Sara to make romantic assumptions, she still lived here, just outside of town, on the edge of the last of the green pastures where their parents had raised a farm and three daughters. Now the farm had been in Sara's ownership for five years since their death and was rapidly becoming a financial burden. Sara sat looking out of the window like all the financial problems in the world wouldnt touch this place. Even though selling it would make them all considerably wealthier.
"It's a slum and you have no idea how ashamed I am that our sister lives there.."
Coral smiled and her green eyes lit up.
"But if you sold the farm, I could pay off my apartment, you could get a new place to live and we could get Anna out of that place."
In that moment as Sara looked at her, she reminded her of her mother with her blue eyes and the soft blonde hair that framed her face. It was also the I-don't think-so tone of her voice that did it.
"Anna lives there because she has her own lifestyle. And her own choices&nbsp; - and the last time I spoke to her, she was quite happy there. We don't all want top floor apartments in the heart of the business zone, Coral. And you don't have to worry about the debts with this place because I'm arranging something that should cover all that. I just have to shut the farm up for a while. I'm going away, I've taken a job over in the valley. It pays well and I think it will more than solve the problems here."
Coral folded her arms and stared at her. 
"For most of the twenty three years you have been on this earth you have put all your time into this place. What kind of job would make you abandon it?"
Sara took a deep breath.
Coral liked money. She loved it, slaved for it, in the last four years she had never seen her out of one of her short, tight business suits and killer heels. As she ran through the facts in her mind, she knew before she explained that she would be horrified. She already called Anna a whore because she lived in the north end and ran a dingy bar.
"I've been speaking with a friend for quite some time now..his name is Byron. He has a big house on the mountainside overlooking the wastelands. He needs a companion and he's willing to pay a lot of money for my help. He's just a friend - "
Coral had heard enough.
"You've been communicating with a man you barely know and he wants to pay you to be his...his slut?"
Sara stopped her right there, even though she knew explaining would worsen her reaction. Coral had always had the opinion that she was better than everyone else, had always been too quick to judge others. It stopped right here and now.
"No, Coral. I couldn't be his slut if I wanted to, he's very ill. He wants a companion to help him and keep him company. That's all. And I'm going whatever you say, I don't care. He was a resistance agent&nbsp; ten years ago - he fought for the revolution. He's a hero, he helped to bring down the dictatorship. He was one of the agents who stormed the Central Quadrant.." Sara paused. The next thing she said would probably make Coral throw a fit...but she told her anyway.
"He was exposed to White Gas."
For a moment, Coral fell silent. White gas had been a biological weapon that killed more than eighty percent of it's victims. Those who survived suffered terrible recurring pain, as old scars that never really healed opened up again and again. All survivors of White Gas were infectious.&nbsp; The disease was spread by skin-to-skin contact.&nbsp; The only anti virus medication that existed was powerful enough to block the disease short term, and so potent that it effectively poisoned the user at the same time to such an extent&nbsp; the patient's life span was shortened with each dose.White gas poisoning was a slow and painful death and the only cure was one that killed. White gas syndrome was the modern-day leprosy.
Coral looked long and hard at her sister.
"If you touch him, you're fucked." 
"No, I can wear gloves and there's a liquid plastic that works too its a hundred percent effective...and his main living area is sectioned off, there's a glass screen - "
Coral swallowed down her disgust.
"I thought Anna was sick living in that shitty bar and fucking lowlifes, scum and.." She shivered, "cyborgs! But you're far sicker, Sara.&nbsp; I want nothing to do with this. I'm leaving."
Sara made no attempt to stop her. She had expected this reaction. It had been a different story with her younger sister. Anna had laughed and said:"Is he rich?" And when she had explained about his disease she had said, "Oh well, at least you won't have to sleep with him..unless he's horny. Then you'll wish you could."
Left alone, Sara resigned herself to the fact this was not a situation many people would welcome. But it was her choice and over the last few months she had found Byron to be a warm and friendly man, who welcomed her friendship after what he had admitted to be a long time of lonliness. He had told her of his memories of the war, talked of his experiences at length but had never once showed any hint of bitterness at his situation. He had told her quite honestly that he thought the price he paid was fair enough because he had been fighting for something he believed in - freedom and a better world. And the more she thought about him, the more a warm feeling spread inside her. In all their communications he had never showed his face, saying he didnt feel his looks were important, but she had heard his voice and he sounded warm and sincere. And the more she thought about him, the more she looked forward to meeting him.
 
Next morning, when she arrived at his house, Sara waited until the friend who had drove her there was far out of sight before she made an attempt to press the buzzer. She stood there, looking up at the tall, high-windowed house that stood elegantly against the mountainside. The view beyond was a combination of bare land and rambling undergrowth, through the centre of this ran a long, wide road that connected this wasteland to the next town. In days gone by this had been green landscape, now long since soiled by war and revolution. It would be at least another century before life came back properly to this piece of earth.&nbsp; But up here there was a little more green. Hedges, shrubs, trees. Even bird song. It was peaceful here. And she felt comfortable to be here.
Sara pressed the buzzer.
The door unlocked with a soft click and swung open. 
"Come in."He said, "I'll be with you in a minute.."
Sara stepped inside and the door shut behind her gently.
The house was clean and bright with smooth magnolia walls and sheer nets diffused the light that filtered through the windows. It was a beautiful place, and she wouldn't have noticed anything was different abou it had it not been for the solid glass screen that was in place in the open doorway. Beside it on the wall was a panel with two buttons, OPEN and CLOSE. 
"Every door in the house has one."Byron said, "Just so theres no chance of me bumping into you. And I have a screen completely down the middle of the livingroom and theres one in my bedroom as well. Nice to meet you by the way.."And he smiled, adding:"I would like to give you a hug but we both know I can't do that."
And as she looked at him, Sara realised Anna had been right: She did wish she could touch him. He was a handsome man, with grey eyes that sparkled when he smiled. He didn't look ill.&nbsp; He was firm and toned and his skin was lightly tanned.
"You look really well."
As Byron looked back at her though the glass he noticed the way her sheer dress seemed to show the curves of her body so vividly, and as he felt the start of an erection he pushed those thoughts aside. The part of him that ached for physical contact longed to spead her legs, be warm betwen her thighs as he buried his tongue in her cunt. But he knew it wouldn't happen, it couldn't happen.He had lived with this illness long enough to accept the truth.
"And you're looking beautiful."He said honestly.&nbsp; He quickly changed the subject. 
"I'm a lot different on a bad day. I don't expect you to stay if you find its too much to cope with or you dont like living with all the barriers..if you want us to talk w dont have to be in the same room there are monitirs and cameras all over the house - but you can turn them off when you want to, I don't expect you to give up all privacy. "
He pressed a button on his side of the screen and it slid back.
"Shall I show you around?"
She nodded, as he stepped out on to her side of the screen she moved back a little, wishing even more that she could touch him. She hadn't expected him to be so attractive. She hadn't&nbsp; expected to feel the way she did on meeting him at last. If it wasn't for the virus she was sure she would have embraced him by now, be kissing him as his hands wandered over her body. The more her gaze lingered on him the harder it was to hide how she felt.
Byron smiled back at her and secretly wished he was fucking her right now. He had felt a spark between them and as he looked into her eyes he was sure she felt the same.
"Shall we start upstairs?"
"Good idea."
As she followed him up the staircase she smiled, thinking how eager that response had sounded.&nbsp; Sara had extensively researched his condition and she knew sex between them was possible, but she got the feeling Byron had resigned himself to thinking that kind of relationship was impossible.
"This is your room."He said, showing her a large, airy room with a soft carpet and mirrored wardrobes.
"Theres a camera by the dressing table if you want to reach me."He told her, "And the door through there is your bathroom - the main bathroom's next door."
Then he took her to the door at the end of the hall. He paused, Sara was about to find out some details he hadn't told her before and he hoped she wasn't uncomfortable about it.
"This is my room."He said, "There's a glass screen that runs across the middle of the room it sections off my bed and another room ..I would have told you before but I thought it was best if I explained in person.."
He opened the door and went inside.
Sara followed him. A solid glass screen ran across the room with a closed entrance. The far wall was metallic, as he opened the glass door and she stepped through she realised the second room he had referred to was a metal chamber, windowless and sealed shut. The light filtered into the bedroom via&nbsp; patio doors that opened out onto a balcony, just before the doorway was the entrance to the chamber.
"The glass screen is there to make it easier to shut me off when I'm ill."He told her, and the chamber is my treatment room - Until recently I was having treatment in hospital but I decided I preferred to be treated at home, I've had nursing staff in before but I'm hoping you can help me cope without that. I don't expect you to do everything for me, I've kept my independance and I want to hold on to it - "
"It's okay, I understand. I want to help you. This isn't just a job to me, Byron."
If he could have reached out and hugged her, he would have.
He was still thinking how he wished he could touch her as he swore under his breath and keyed in the wrong sequence a second time. He tried a third time and the door unlocked.
"I hope this doesn't scare you."He said, "It's not exactly a welcoming place."
It was cold in there, with stark white lighting and a metal table and the kind of medical equipment&nbsp; that reminded her&nbsp; of an operating theatre. He indicated to a cabinet on the wall.
"I keep my anti virus pills in here. As you know I can't take them very often, I try and get through most episodes without using them but I've been told I can't use them forever because they're poisoning me, as you know."
He said it so calmly, years of living with this had brought with it a quiet acceptance that he could not change his situation. Sara was sure it would do him no good to let him know how emotional she was feeling inside. 
"Byron, how often do you need to be in here?"
"A bit more than I used to."He admitted, "I've been told I can't take the anti virus for much longer in the form that I take it, but I think I'll last a bit longer yet."
He had said it as casually as if he was talking about the weather but he wasn't used to lying, especially not to someone he cared about and he did care for her, but to tell her he had been given at the most two years to live more than eighteen months ago would ruin everything. He still had plans. He knew how he felt about Sara, he had known for a long time. And if he could have some time with her, he would&nbsp; enjoy it, even if he couldn't touch her..
"Let me show you something."He said.
He got on the metal table and laid down. 
Sara was staring at him. 
He laughed.
"Watch this.. it's very clever - or very kinky, depends on your point of view!"
As he pressed a switch on the underside of the table, a screen above him flickered to life and a seductive female voice said: "Please state your lockdown code."
"Ok sexy,"He replied, "Doctor Byron Meadows&nbsp; zero one zero six."
Metal restraints sprang up from the bed and fastened his arms and legs to the table. The metal bands clamped around his ankles, knees and thighs and strapped his arms down in the same way.
"Now I'm totally immobilised, that's for times when the pains too bad and I need treatment, it helps the person treating me because Im not moving about, it's safer because it prevents me from accidentally exposing them to the virus."
"I'm impressed."Sara said. She stood beside the table and looked down at him.
"So, Doctor Meadows..what kind of doctor are you?"
"A scientist. Well, I was before the revolution..chemistry. I helped to formulate some of our weaponry, I also planted bombs, after the war I was given two medals..not that it means that much to me I'd rather have my health back..I invented this device, by the way.."
He was rambling on trying to ignore the fact that she was beside him, leaning over him and he had a wonderful view of her cleavage.
As their eyes met Sara smiled.
"I want you."She told him honestly, "Do you want me, because we can..there are ways we can be close."
As he looked up at her his heart missed a beat. This was something he hadn't imagined possible. 
"Of course I want you! I know theres a lot of ways but you have to understand it won't be what you call normal.."
"I know."She told him, "I also know that I can touch things you've touched and it's safe. And I know I can touch you through your clothes and that's safe, too.."
Byron drew in a shaky breath as she placed her hands on his thighs and slid them slowly upwards. Even through the material of his trousers her touch felt like bliss and the instant erection he had been trying so hard to control was hard and throbbing, so much so that he was glad of the restraints, had he not been on the table it would have taken all his willpower not to get his cock out and beg her to make him come.
"Don't stop."He whispered, "Kiss me down there.."
"I'll kiss it till you come."Sara promised him.
She kept her hands on his thighs, lowered her head betweeen his open legs and&nbsp; began to kiss his balls, working upwards, as he felt the pressure from her mouth along the shaft of his cock he shivered and gasped, every kiss moving him closer to orgasm. Sara's mouth was down there, her lips kissing his cock through his clothes. The last thing he thought was, I'll come all over myself in a minute.. and that was enough to make it happen.&nbsp; His body tensed and he shuddered, he was lying breathless and still tensing against the restraints as his cock throbbed.
"I liked that."Sara said.
Looking down at him she wished so much that she could have kissed him, held him, but as he said, they couldn't do that.
Byron was still getting his breath back.
"I never thought I'd get an orgasm strapped into Sexy!"
"It's called Sexy?"
"Well I gave the computer a sexy voice. Bit of humour on my part..I never thought this would happen. Thank you..I'd kiss you if I could, Sara.."
A sudden thought struck him and he laughed.
"I haven't even showed you the rest of the house and I've got to go and change my pants.."
She was laughing with him. It had taken more courage than he knew for her to make the first move but she was glad she did, she had felt sure all he needed was a little encouragement and this had proved her right.
He addressed the screen above him again.
"Unlock. Doctor Byron Meadows zero one zero six."
The restraints slid back and released him. He was a little unsteady as he stood up and clung to the table for a moment, this was the first time she noticed he looked a little tired. Having that first orgasm had exhausted him.
"I need to clean myself up,"He told her, "You make yourself at home and I'll see you in a little while."
Byron left her to look at the rest of the house, when she had gone he closed the bedroom door and laid down on the bed. The thought that Sara had just made him come was like all his dreams coming true. But he was tired, a reminder of the reality of his situation. Byron closed his eyes and drifted into an easy sleep, dreaming of a life where he could lie beside her, his skin next to her's as he made love the way he could only dream of.

It was dusk when Sara switched on the monitor and saw into his bedroom. Byron was laying on his bed, sleeping deeply. She zoomed in and looked closely at his face. He looked so peaceful, so comfortable. She wished she could go and join him, lay on that bed beside him and hold him. The need to do that was already becoming an ache.
And she thought, wait till Anna hears about his, I've been here five minutes and I'm falling in love with him...She knew what she would say: Go for it. Love was something to be cherished no matter where or how it was found. But Coral would just shake her head and tell her this was a situation heading for disaster. Not&nbsp; that she ever listened to her, they were miles apart on their outlook on life.
As she looked at the screen she realised she would have to accept barriers if what they shared was to grow deeper, Byron had no choice but live in this isolated existance, and if she wanted to become close to him, she would have to share this.
"Goodnight."She whispered.
And the image remained the same, Byron sleeping on his bed, behind the glass screen.

Byron woke in the morning to the sound of Sara softly calling his name. As he opened his eyes he realised she was on the monitor, calling to him from her bedroom.
"Watch me."She told him, and as she stepped back he got a clearer view and the sight of her naked body was enough to wake him up properly. She walked to the shower and switched it on, stepped inside and started to soap her body. Through the open doorway she smiled at him again.
"Like this, Byron?"
He zoomed in. Her hands were slipping all over her tits, pale foam against her clear skin, her nipples red as cherries. His cock was aching as he pictured sucking on them hard, biting at her nipple as he sucked soft warm breast into his mouth.
"Touch your cunt.."
He was stroking his cock, running his hand up and down the length of it, harder and faster as he closed he camera in on her fingers sliding into her smooth bare cunt, opening the pink slit and sliding her finger over her clitoris as the water&nbsp; ran down her body. 
"I want to lick that, Sara."
"I want your mouth down here."She told him, as she slid her finger upwards he saw the inner flesh all warm and deep pink, her clitoris like a gleaming ruby bursting out of the folds. 
As he shot his load and the semen ran warm over his hand, Byron felt relief for the briefest time; as soon as the flush of pleasure began to ebb away another sensation replaced it and he could hardly bear to feel it - there was little pleasure in her making him come and then sinking back onto his bed alone. The way their friendship was working out was more than he had dared to hope for and now he wanted more.
Sara was out of the shower and drying herself when he came back to the screen.
"Sara I'm going downstairs now I'll be outside on the patio but can you give it a couple of hours before you come out to me..I'm a bit busy with something..I'll explain later, ok?"
She nodded.
"Fine."
Byron smiled.
"See you soon then."He said, and turned off the monitor.
Sara had been toying with an idea and now she knew he would be out of the way for a while it gave her the perfect opportunity to carry out her plan. She giggled as she thought of the fun they would have..ever since she had started reading up on safe methods of contact she had thought how sexy that liquid plastic sounded...
She used the monitor to watch him go downstairs. She gave it an hour, killing time by reading the instructions on the silver spray can she had brought with her. It seemed easy enough, spray onto the skin and it set like a soft, moveable film... She went into Byron's room and opened the glass door. It took several attempts at the unlock code to get inside the metal chamber. She took off her bathrobe and went over to the monitor, switched it on and struggled for some time to find the link to the garden. Byron was repairing some wiring to a broken camera in the garden, his back was turned away and he had no idea she was in the chamber.
She climbed up on the cold metal table and laid back. Then she drew up her knees and opened her legs. She gently squeezed down on the nozzle and a cold spray of liquid hit her cunt. She sprayed some more, covering her slit all the way up to her arse, then sprayed more over her thighs.
It set instantly, felt like warm latex, clinging to her skin, to all the innner folds, the juice that ran from her cunt ran down inside and stayed warm and wet, as she swelled a little at the thought of him licking her the sensation of the covering was so erotic she thought about making herself come, but instead she just lie there and waited a little longer, then she laid down, her arms at her sides and her legs open wide enough for the bonds to hold her but allowing enough room for Byron to lick her cunt.
"Lockdown."She said, "Doctor Byron Meadows zero one zero six."
The metal restraints slid up and coiled firmly around her limbs.
"Voice pattern unidentified."The sexy voice purred, "Security protocol activated...lockdown confirmed, hatch sealed.."
She turned her face to the monitor. Byron was still replacing the camera.
"BYRON!"She yelled.
"...monitor off."Concluded the computer, and her only link to Byron turned itself off.
Then the lights went out, and as she struggled in vain against the metal restraints, she yelled his name again and her voice echoed around the metal chamber.
Down in the garden, Byron vaguely heard Sara yell his name.
He noticed the linking monitor was off. He went through the channels, called her name. Getting no reply, he went back to the blank screen. Camera 12 was off.
He went upstairs and as soon as he reached the chamber he called her name.
"Sara?"
"Byron help me.."
Her voice was muffled.
He laughed softly.
"What have you been up to?"
And he keyed in the opening sequence.
The door slid open.
"Security override Doctor Byron Meadows zero one zero six."He said.
The lights came on, the restraints slid off her and the monitor came back to life.
And Sara was naked on the table, her swollen cunt covered with a protective coating. She blinked back tears and started to feel more than a little silly now.
"I was going to surprise you - Get you in here with me strapped down so you could make me come like you want to.."
The irony of the situation made him smile.
"Sara,"He said, "I had a surprise for you...I took a low dose of the anti virus this morning. It's working now. For the next forty eight hours I'm not infectious. We can kiss and touch and do what we like..with no barriers."
Sara laughed and all the fear she had felt being trapped in the dark vanished. 
"Take this stuff off me."
The plastic was clinging tightly to her skin, all the way into the folds of her cunt. 
"How did you put this on?"
"I just sprayed it on to my skin. Is there any other way?"She asked him.
"You didn't put oil on your skin first?"
Sara shook her head. 
Byron wanted to laugh at her stupid mistake but he guessed she was about to sorely regret it.
"I'll have to tear it off you, this is really going to hurt.."
He leaned over her and slid his hand between her legs.
"If I play with you a bit it might not hurt so much..you are wet, I can feel it down here, it's warm."
No matter how much she had longed for Byron to touch her, all she felt now as he caressed her, rubbing his fingers up and down her slit, was a fear that made her go tense as she waited for him to tear off the plastic that hugged her body.
He was gently rubbing her clit now and she closed her eyes and tried to concentrate on the sensation. The fear of pain was mixed with the pleasure of his touch and as she felt more cum juice warming her slit beneath the plastic she hoped it would be enough to stop her getting hurt too badly when he took it off.
He began to pull at the edge of the plastic. As it lifted, the skin on her pubic mound lifted with it, she screamed and screamed. He let go. This just wasn't working.
He decided there was something decidedly arousing about what was about to happen to her cunt, after the plastic was removed she would be red and swollen and every touch would be intensely enhanced..&nbsp; 
He had forty eight hours before the pills wore off, two days to fulfil all his fantasies and as much as he liked her and had feelings for her that he hadn't expected to have, there was no way he could take that stuff off her cunt like this, it would just be too much for her. And she certainly wouldn't feel like sex afterwards..
"I can take it off you but you have to trust me."He told her, "Do you trust me?"
"Yes, of course I do.."
She wondered if that had been the wisest reply, as Byron started to load a syringe.
"I'm going to put you to sleep for half an hour and take it off you slowly, you might be a bit sore when you wake up but you'll be fine. This is a very mild sedative it lasts for a very short time, I give it to myself sometimes when I'm ill and I can't sleep. There's no side effects, you won't even have a headache."
And before she could reply, he wiped her arm with alcohol and slid the needle in.
"Byron be careful.."She said, and the brightly lit room faded into blackness.
He took hold of the plastic and cautiously lifted it. As her skin raised with it, he glanced at her face. She was out cold.
He started to tear it away, as it came off it left the skin beneath red and inflamed. He peeled it all the way to the top of her slit. It was a good thing Sara shaved her cunt because if she hadn't, this would have given her the smoothest waxing of her life...He tore the plastic away from her cunt lips. Now it was just a single strip that ran down the inner folds of her cunt and all the way to her arse. He cautiously pulled on the plastic. The delicate skin that barely covered her clitoris was drawn so taut he wondered if she would tear. He took it slowly downwards, only to find her clitoris was bonded firmly to the covering, beneath this the inner folds of her cunt were lubricated with her own juices and it wasn;t stuck so badly. He opened her legs wider and realised the plastic was also stuck firmly to the crack of her arse. 
He would have to rip it off.&nbsp; He had no choice, there was no other way to remove it.
Byron took hold of the plastic and tore it downwards. Her body jerked as it came away in his hand.
Looking between her legs, he could see she was vividly sore, her mound was bright pink and her slit was glowing and swollen. Her enlarged clitoris was gleaming and the cum juice that had been building up beneath the film of plastic now ran in a shiny trickle down to her red swollen arse.
She was still unconscious. And it had been a long, long time since he had been alone with a beautiful woman with her legs open so invitingly...his cock was aching. He wanted her, but he would'nt fuck her while she was out cold, that just didn't seem fair..but he saw no reason not to have a good feel of her cunt, just to make sure she was okay..
He opened the lips of her cunt and spread them wide, they were wet and swollen and the inner folds were so red and gleaming it made his mouth water. He leaned closer and licked her deeply and firmly, feeling the raw swollen heat against his face, tasting her in his mouth made him want to come right now, but he resisted the urge to get his cock out. 
Instead, he slid two fingers into her vagina, pushed them in deeply and felt the hot flesh wrap around his fingers as if drawing him in deeper. His cock was going to like it in there.. drawing his fingers out, he paused to inhale the musky scent before licking the fluid off. Then he slid them in again, coated them in her juices, withdrew them and buried them deep in her arse.&nbsp; The ring of muscle was rigid and he guessed she had never&nbsp; been fucked there. He spread his fingers apart and felt the muscle begin to lose its tension. He turned his fingers around a few times and withdrew them, as the hole shrank back again it did'nt quite close and he hoped his cock would slide in easily. Then he lifted her into his arms and carried her through to his bedroom.
Sara awoke in his soft bed, Byron was naked beside her and as she opened her eyes he kissed her softly.
"I got it all off but you might be a bit sore.."
Sara slid her hand between her legs. As she touched her slit she tensed briefly, then ran her fingers downwards. It was swollen, hot and tender. And so very sensitive.
"I don't think I've ever been so wet.."
"Really?"Whispered Byron, and he took her in his arms and buried his cock deep inside her cunt.
He fucked her hard, out of need, desire and a longing to make up for so much lost time. Everytime he slammed into her she cried out as he hit her painful clitoris, each time it happened she felt the desire to come growing stronger.
He was breathless and his cock was throbbing as he drew it out of her body. She dug her nails in his arms and begged him not to stop.
"I'm not stopping - I'm coming somewhere else."He replied, and rammed his cock into her arse.
She felt a pain that burned the ring of muscle as he entered her, then it just seemed to open up and he was sliding in and out of her easily, as he did so she reached down and stroked away the ache in her clitoris. She was gasping, on the brink of orgasm as he shoved it in deeper,&nbsp; he felt her come and she cried out as her muscles went crazy in a throbbing spasm that gripped his cock, he shot his load and for a moment he was lost in the shockwave of bliss that fired through his body, it had been so long since he had felt this good, in fact he was sure there had never been a time when it had been as good as this. As he drew out of her and collapsed into her arms he didn't care that many years ago his first thought after this kind of sex would have been to go and clean up; right now all that mattered was that he had just had one hell of an orgasm and for the first time in many years, he had another human being to hold on to as he came back to earth.

The soreness all over her cunt faded to a bruised tenderness within a few hours. They spent the rest of the day in bed, although he was tired Byron was determined to make up for lost time.&nbsp; They talked, Byron told her he had a new proposition for her - to be his lover. And he promised tomorrow he would add her voice to the security system in the chamber, just in case she ever needed to gain access for him. He did feel a little guilty as he talked as if this illness was something he had more or less conquered - he knew in less than three months, he would probably be dead. And yes, Sara would be heartbroken, but at least he had the chance to hold on to a tiny piece of happiness, even if it had come right at the end of his life.&nbsp; After years of isolation and lonliness he wanted to hold onto this chance with both hands for as long as he possibly could. They spent the next day in total togetherness, as he wished it could last forever, the feel of her skin sliding against his, the brush of her lips on his body as she kissed him. All this would end too soon.
By evening on the second day&nbsp; he knew time was running out and as Sara prepared dinner, he took her by the hand, led her into the middle of the kitchen and told her to get&nbsp; on her knees.
"Suck it really good because I can't do this again for a while."He told her.
Sara kissed his erect cock and slid it into her mouth, closing her eyes as she lost herself in the scent of his cock, the taste of it in her mouth as she licked and sucked it, wishing she could taste him there forever. She moved harder, faster, sucking all the time as she worked on him. He lost control and spurted hard as she let the cum fill her mouth, tasting all the salty flavour before swallowing. 
As she got up he wrapped his arms around her and held her tightly.
"The last two days have been really wonderful. Thank you so much. I love you."
As he looked at her she saw tears in his eyes.
"It will be alright." She promised him, "We can still be together - it will just be in a different way."
"But we'll probably be giving the plastic a miss."He joked, and held her tighter.
He kissed her one last time and as he let her go he hurt more than he cared to show.
"The pills are going to start wearing off soon, by tomorrow they will be right out of my system you can't sleep with me tonight, Sara, I'll be infectious by morning, I can't take that chance."
Sara nodded, she had expected this moment to come.
They spent the rest of the evening together, yet apart, with no touching. And when she went to bed alone, she missed him painfully.
Byron went to bed early that night, fell asleep exhausted and didn't wake for several hours.&nbsp; 
When he did wake it was pitch black night and he thought he heard the sound of dragging. He dismissed it and closed his eyes, vaguely hearing the sound again before he drifted back to sleep.
In the morning he woke to a tapping sound.
At first he ignored it, only caring that he had just spent two wonderful days and now he was alone and paying the price, feeling tired, drained and starting to get the aches and pains that told him his illness was about to flare up with a vengeance.
Then he heard the tapping again.
And as he sat up, all the pain in the world couldn't have stolen his happiness: there was Sara. She was sitting on her bed, which she had dragged into his room and placed right up against the screen, right beside his own bed.
She smiled at him.
"I sleep here now, right beside you."She told him, and added: "I love you too."
And as they moved closer to each other, their eyes met and then their lips touched either side of the glass, no matter the screen was between them, it was a kiss that came from the heart.

In the days that followed, Sara became used to the isolated yet intimate existance they shared.&nbsp; They made up for the lack of touching with conversation, when Byron felt well enough he put on gloves so they could walk hand-in-hand over the mountainside and took a look around the recovering wasteland, where Byron told her the wildlife was starting to return, and he said he hoped the coming summer might see bees or even butterflies,&nbsp; even though butterflies had not returned here for a century, he seemed determined that they would, and Sara knew when he wanted something he was set on achieving it. She hadn't asked him how long he had left&nbsp; and she was too afraid to find out they may only have a few years together, but something told her he may never get to see the butterflies.
It was warm that morning as they walked down the mountainside, Sara was wearing a sheer dress with no underwear because Byron had told her he had a surprise for her and she needed to be ready for it....as usual he was feeling the cold and was wrapped up like it was winter, as he was wearing the gloves as well she could only imagine what he had in mind. They came to a grassy clearing and he told her to sit down.
As she spread her legs she looked at him doubtfully.
"If you think you're going to put your hand up me with those gloves on you can think again.."
He got on his knees in front of her.
"Close your eyes."
A shiver of excitement ran down her body, juice began to flow from her cunt just at the thought of Byron giving her pleasure. As he pushed something inside her and she felt the vibrations , she gave a gasp and thrust her hips towards him, desperate to take it all. He pushed it all the way in, as the hard shell of the vibrator hit her cervix she begged him to do it harder.
"I know you want me to fuck you,"He said, "So this is the next best thing.." And he worked the vibrator in and out of her, harder and harder, feeling his cock swelling as the sex toy slid in and out of her hole as if a whole tube of lubricant had been shot up there.
"Harder.."She begged him, as she rubbed her clitoris.
He obliged, only stopping from using brute force in case he bruised her inside. He kept fucking her, the vibrator slipping in and out of her wetness, untill she cried out and&nbsp; her cunt throbbed, squeezing the vibrator in such a way it was as if her hole wanted to swallow it up. She was still throbbing as he removed it, and for a moment she lie there on the grass, motionless except for her ragged breath and the throbbing in her gleaming cunt.
Byron licked the juice from the vibrator, then put it back in his coat pocket, comforted by the fact that it would still smell and taste of coming pussy when he got home and masturbated while he sucked it clean.
She took his hand and they walked back up the mountainside towards the house.
He had felt strange earlier on but had been determined to have this experience today no matter what, he knew each day could be his last and he was determined to get as much out of the time he still had as possible, but as the weakness seemed to engulf him and he stumbled and threw out his hand against the mountainside to steady himself, he felt the prickling heat begin to weave through his body and the pain and the fear of what was to come made his head spin. He was breaking out in a sweat. Suddenly his house at the end of the winding pathway seemed miles away.
Sara was holding onto his arm. 
"It's alright, I'll get you home."
But even with her help, as the house grew closer he felt a sense of dread, along with&nbsp; old wounds slowly opening up in his flesh beneath his clothes: This time, the virus was back like it had never been stronger. 

Once they got back to the house, Byron struggled up the stairs, headed for the bedroom and keyed in the opening sequence for the metal chamber. As Sara followed behind him, he looked at her sharply and said : "Don't touch me.."
He tore his clothes off quickly and stuffed them into a hatch in the wall and pressed a button. 
"What are you doing?"She asked him.
"Incinerator - I can't take chances, I'm bleeding the virus out now.."
And he turned around, as he did so Sara could only stare in horror as her lover's skin began to bubble, tracing little red paths that snaked all over his body like a spider web. As it covered his face, he turned away, lying on the table and ordering the machine to strap him down.
""Give me a shot of sedative, then turn the temperature right up in here and get out."He told her, "You can't do anything else for me, not now..I just have to hope it goes dormant again."
And he shivered, as the pain surged through his body, the four walls of the chamber seemed to close in and as Sara injected the sedative he focussed on her face and whispered: "I won't die in this room.."

Many miles away Anna was taking advantage of the quiet time between the drunks and the fighting and the afternoon drinkers to sit on the other side of the bar and down a large scotch. It was a new bottle, one she had been saving for the quieter hours, and as she poured the amber liquid into the glass and watched it flow over ice, something sparkled like a shower of diamonds, bouncing off the shiny glass..bigger than the glass, in fact, right beside her.. She blinked and stared as the diamonds vanished and in their place stood a young man of around twenty looking rather dashing in a black suit and a silken scarf.
He looked at her for a moment, then seemed totally confused.
"Coral?"
She shook her head.
"Anna."
He took an electronic notebook from his pocket, accessed something and read through it. Then he looked at her again, seeming to be even more confused.
"This should take me to Coral White...Not you!"
She was still trying to make sense of all this.
"Anna."She repeated, I'm Anna White...and how did you do that?"
She was shaking and staring at him in shock, having never seen a time traveller before.
"I'm Billy."He said, "I came here via technology you don't have the intelligence to understand..but let's just say I'm too early.."
And as she realised he had actually insulted her, he cast a glance around the room, and something seemed to make sense all of a sudden as he noticed a stranger in the corner who was rapidly losing patience with the malfunctioning pinball machine.
"Of course,"He was saying to himself, "I should have known.."
Then he looked Anna up and down, her tight-fitting clothing hugged her curves in all the right places and that cleavage was truly wonderful..
"I would love to stay, but I'm too early, my mistake.."
And he grinned at her plunging neckline.
"Nice tits, by the way!" And he blew her a kiss.
Then he was gone in a shower of sparkling diamonds, leaving Anna to wonder if he was real at all as she downed the scotch in one.

END of PART ONE to be Continued - Part Two 'No Less Human' coming soon - D.S.









TALES FROM VENUS TOWN
By Dorothy Strangelove

PART TWO: NO LESS HUMAN

The old cemetary up on the hill was on the outskirts of Venus Town, the ancient church had long ago crumbled, and where the ruins once stood an elegant praying angel towered in white marble as a memorial to the fallen dead of world war three and the recent revolution.&nbsp; This place hadn't seen a funeral in a century, it had long ago become full and although it was kept&nbsp; in a serene state, with hedges and yew trees and neatly cut grass, it simply existed as a quiet reminder of the past. A strange story went about that the angel appeared one day ten years ago, after apparently being placed on the hill over night. No one seemed to know who had given the town this gift, so it was thought of as something that leant the cemetary an air of mystery. Most of the graves were weathered and showing their age, with most of the headstones never seeing a visitor. Well, most but not all..
He stood at the graveside in silent respect as he had so many times before, gave a sigh as a sharp breeze kissed his face and wondered if she knew he was here now. Had she ever known? Over the years he had asked himself many questions, many of which were far beyond his limited understanding.
But then he wasn't gifted with much deep intelligence, although he often wished he was. On the way to the cemetary he had paused to catch a glimpse of the mountains and the wasteland beyond, where in a matter of days he was about to take a big change in career direction, and put himself through hell in the process. No one understood what would go through his mind when he stepped into that place.
"I know I haven't been back here for many years,"He said quietly, "I'm sorry about that - life just takes over..but I don't forget."
And he placed a single red rose upon her grave.
"Sleep well."He whispered.
Coral wasn't in the best of moods after driving all over town only to find the star of her company's latest production had missed his appointment and instead opted to go drinking - in her sister's bar of all places, and when she got there, he was gone, telling her he had decided to visit the old cemetary. She felt like yelling at him as she approached the graveside, she had thought all the long that getting the star of low budget porn to make a documentary about war history was a stupid idea, but she wasn't the one who made those decisions and she knew nothing about Zack Mackenzie, apart from the fact that he used to fuck for a living and now wanted to have a go at a proper job. 
"I've been everywhere looking for you. My company wants you to sign this contract now - unless you don't want the job.."
He was still looking at the weathered old stone, lost in his own thoughts and with his back to Coral. 
"....And you have some nerve telling me to meet you here..this is a business meeting not a history field trip to stare at old gravestones!"
Zack was aware he was being nagged, and brought his attention to the problem. He turned around and met her gaze.
"Yes, I know that, I don't apologise for it either, I had private reasons for coming up here. And this job is important to me. And I am listening to you."
He spoke firmly and politely and in such a way that she instantly felt appreciated. And Zack Mackenzie was strikingly attractive, much more than she had expected him to be. Designer shirt, diamond cufflinks. He looked around twenty-five and had short dark hair and pale blue eyes. He was in good shape and she found herself thinking she wouldn't mind finding out for herself exactly how this porn star performed...
"It's nice to meet you."He said, and extended his hand.
As she shook hands with him, she didn't notice the briefest squeeze as their palms made contact.
Zack's warm smile hid the inner feedback that ran through his mind as the statistics were displayed: Body temperature rising, pupils dilating. Heartbeat increasing. Sex hormones on the up. If he played it right, he'd get his balls in with this one.. 
"We can do it when ever you like."He said.
She blinked, her mind still on her last thought.
"What?"
"The contract - here, or at the office..or your place if you like..I haven't sorted a hotel out yet and - "
"We can go to my place."
Coral was surprised at her fast reaction. In moments she had gone from being plain annoyed with the guy to planning to get him into bed.
As he sat in the passenger side of her car she noticed he looked back towards the cemetary, then across to the once-barren land that was now starting to turn green once more.
"It's history now."She remarked as she started the car, "All happened a hundred years ago..not really relevant to the world today..but it's a marketable subject.."
As she pulled back onto the road and headed on the long straight journey back to Venus Town, she was aware the atmosphere in the car had turned decidedly icy.
Zack was glaring at her, his eyes turned cold, like lasers going straight through her.
"What?"She demanded, "What's with the filthy look?"
Zack turned away and watched the speeding landscape and muttered something under his breath. Coral thought she caught bitch in there somewhere.
"What did you just call me?"
Zack shook his head.
"Doesn't matter.."
"Yes it does!"
Coral slammed on the brakes and the car screeched to a halt.
"You called me a bitch."
He was still pissed off, still glaring at her, but his voice was calm.
"No,"He corrected her, "I didn't call you a bitch..I called you an ignorant fucking bitch."
Her face flushed red as her anger rose like fire in her blood.
"How dare you speak to me like that! I run all over town looking for you, when I find you you're standing at some old grave that doesn't mean anything to anyone..and you stink of booze..have you even bothered to read your lines yet? I bet you haven't..Do you even want this job? Because I think - "
Zack took a deep breath and said, "Yes, Coral, I have read my lines which is more than I can say for you or you wouldn't be talking to me like this. And you are fucking ignorant. Let me see, how do I start the intro? Oh, yes: My name is Zack Mackenzie, a few years ago I was known for making hardcore movies like Fuck Toy and Sex Machine. But that's only one chapter of my life, I also married at nineteen, went off to war at twenty. I fought for this land, here in this now barren landscape. I am a survivor of World War Three, I am also one hundred and twenty-six years old..."
As her eyes grew wider and it started to register, he spelled it out: "I'm a cyborg. I didn't plan to become a cyborg, I went down that road because I got my legs blown off and the choice was there for me to have a normal life again. Technology moved on fast and I now I've had almost eveything replaced. Even my skin. I'll never age. I'll never get sick. I'm only twenty percent human now but my skin and organs and muscles are cybernetically designed and enhanced, I'm virtually indestructible. And that grave I was looking at? That grave that you said didn't matter? Well it does matter, it matters to me. That's where my wife is buried. She was killed in the war, she died in my arms. Satisfied?" 
Coral fell silent for a moment.
"I guess I am a fucking ignorant bitch. Zack, I'm really sorry..I had no idea you look so.."
"Normal?"He offered, "I'm used to that reaction, I'm constantly upgrading myself I have the latest that technology can give me..I used to pay for it by fucking for a living.." And then he managed to smile, "As I said, I've had everything replaced.."
That made her go cold. She had always found the idea of cyborgs creepy, the thought that flesh and bone had been replaced with metal, artificial blood, non human hearts and other organs..at what point did the person stop being human and become machine?
"I've..never really known anyone like you before."She admitted, concentrating on the road as she started the car up again.
"Well I'm no different to any other man, except I've seen a lot more and have many more memories..I think I give you the shivers a bit, I can tell.."
She glanced at him.
"No, Zack..not at all..really..I promise, I'm fine about it.."
And she looked back to the road and kept her eyes on the road.
Pulling up in town outside her apartment, she started to regret the conversation about her place. Looking at him she still felt attracted to him but the thought of what lie beneath the surface made her desire go stone cold.
They took the lift to the top floor and she fumbled nervously with her keys as she opened the door.
"Come in.."
He followed her inside and she led him through to the spacious livingroom, it was bright with soft furnishings and the windows gave a magnificent view of the town below.
"Nice place,"Zack remarked, and he went over to the window.
"Coral, look at this.."
And he pointed towards the town centre in the distance.
"Years ago,"He told her, that used to be a big housing estate. I was born there. I went to school over there..where the new sports centre is."
"That's not new, it's been there thirty years.."
He laughed.
"It's new to me.."
As they exchanged a smile, she felt herself softening to him. Zack was so warm and friendly, so human..nothing like she expected a cyborg to be.
"I'm sorry about the way I spoke to you."He said, "But I've had a hard day, really hard..I haven't been back to that place for years, I'm dreading the thought of filming up there..that's why I needed a few drinks to go up there..it's bringing back memories, I used to get flashbacks..still do sometimes. I don't think that will ever go away..I served in the revolution as well, but only as a medic. I couldn't go back to combat...they said I had shell shock."
"You was a medic?"
"Well I'm immune to disease so I was able to nurse the victims of White Gas."
The memories of witnessing yet more suffering started to crowd in and he slid sharply off the subject before the images lit up too brightly in his mind.
"But that was a long time ago..Tell me, am I so bad now you're getting to know me? Do I still give you the shivers? And don't lie to me I've lived long enough to spot a lie, Coral.."
Coral couldn't help smiling as she returned his glance. They were close, close enough to kiss and by the look in&nbsp; Zack';s eyes he was waiting for the tiniest signal to move in for a kiss.
 She pulled back a little and smiled.
"You're okay, Zack. I like you."
Her thoughts were lingering on what he had just told her.
"My sister Sara lives with a man who has White Gas Syndrome."
"How is he?"
Last time she spoke to Sara it had been a harrowing conversation.
"He's dying."She replied, "And he's in a lot of pain. It's breaking her heart."
"Well I've seen a lot of men die from that."He told her, "Some of them died quickly, I sometimes think they were the lucky ones.. what's his name?"
"Byron Meadows, he's a scientist."
"I've heard of him. He's a war hero. I mean a real hero. The day he got exposed to the gas he was undercover. He had no protection from the gas. He knew the risks before he went in. They don't make men like him any more. I'd love to meet him and shake his hand."
"You can't touch him - "
Zack laughed and his eyes sparkled.
"You're forgetting already - people often do that with me, they get to know me and they forget - I'm a cyborg, I won't catch it..I'm immune."
"Okay, I'm going over to see her tomorrow..do you want to come with me?"
"Yes please."
That sparkle hadn't left Zack's eyes.
"Did you know,"He said, "Some people can be allergic to cyborgs?"
She shook her head.
"I don't know anything about cyborgs..what kind of allergy?"
"Oh, its nothing too bad but you might come out in a rash.."
"A rash?"
"Well, you might not..seriously, if I'm going to stay here tonight I need to know if I'm going to irritate you.. the best way to do that is to kiss me and see what happens."
She looked at him closely. Zack was deadly serious.
"Just kiss me and tell me if your mouth burns."
She leaned forward, cautiously. Zack moved in, his lips touching her's. As they kissed her eyes were closed and it felt no different to kissing a normal man. He was warm, as his tongue plunged into her mouth she kissed him back, returning his kisses with a desire that surprised her. She was running her fingers through his hair and thinking as he kissed her that she wanted him to totally own her body, to put&nbsp; his cock in her cunt, her arse, her mouth, to fuck her senseless and then fuck her all over again..he was a cyborg. That thought cut through her mind to the core of her reasoning and as his hands wandered over her body, as she felt the pressure of his fingers moving over her..metal skeletal fingers..barely human..a cold man made machine touching her living flesh..
She pushed him away sharply.
"Stop it."
Zack lunged in for another kiss.
"Come on, Coral..you know you want me..don't push me away I've got a hard on, please...I'm Zack Mackenzie..the best fuck you'll ever have..you know that..no one's as good as me - "
"I said, no!"
"I really like you."He told her, "I don't often meet someone like you..you're special, Coral.."
And he reached for her again.
She landed her knee squarely between his legs.
Zack doubled up and yelled out in agony.
"What did you do that for you stupid bitch.."
"That's for giving me bullshit about allergies!"
Zack was still doubled up. Tears were forming in his eyes. He was in so much pain he could barely speak. She couldn't understand it, she hadn't even kneed him that hard..
"Zack?"
"I've had some surgery recently..an implant..take a look for me..tell me if I'm damaged.."
He was already stripping off his clothes. But doing it slowly, still hurting. Now she felt bad.
"I'm sorry."She said sincerely, I had no idea..what's it for? Another cosmetic enhancement?"
He was still breathing heavily as he sat back on the sofa and opened his legs.
"No, nothing like that...the biological side of my artificial body has cybernetically altered blood. It basically overrides the human cells. It overrides a&nbsp; lot of things..including sperm production. That's why cyborgs are infertile. I've had an implant, the first of its kind, that might change that. I want my fertility back.. I want to be a father one day."
"Zack, I'm so sorry."She repeated, "I had no idea.."
"Well I had no reason to expect you to kick me in the nuts or I would have warned you.." 
She gently ran her fingers down the recent surgical scar that ran between his balls.
"Must have been painful."
"It was, I cried."He admitted.
And suddenly when she looked at Zack she didn't see what lie beneath the surface. All she saw was a man, with flesh and blood who felt pain, who had lived through pain and wanted the same things other men wanted. As she thought of his recollections of the past she could only imagine the pain he had suffered. She got on her knees and gently spread his legs. His fingers tangled in her hair and as she looked up at him he suddenly sounded more in control. Very in control..
"Suck it nicely."He ordered her.
She took his cock in her mouth and started to suck. As her lips glided up and down his cock she only felt the warmth of his skin and the hardness of his erection, and he jerked her head back for a moment.
"Look at me."He said, and in his left eye a tiny light clicked on.
"I'm filming this..I always film myself..I have a playback option in my head so later I can sit down, watch this all over again and have a wank.!"
She giggled, and carried on sucking his cock. He shoved it hard in and out of her mouth, moving with her rhythm, never stopping for a moment, constantly thrusting, harder and harder, fucking her face till her lips tingled.
Then he buried it hard, chokingly into her throat, squirting hot semen and she coughed as she swallowed, sucked and swallowed again. His come had tasted no different to any she had tasted in the past.As she looked up at him Zack was smiling at her with a look of satisfaction on his face, he was slightly flushed from the orgasm but showed no outward signs of being briefly exhausted. He wasn't even shaky or out of breath. 
And his cock was still hard.
"I can keep going and going!"He bragged, "As long as you want me to.."
"Fuck me, Zack.."
He rolled her on her back and pinned her to the floor.
"I'll fuck you till your cunt wears out if you want it that bad.."
She was soaking wet as he shoved it in, his cock glided up her, solid and unstoppable, as he fucked her she felt taken over, pinned down, totally helpless as Zack took his pleasure - and she loved it.
"I'm going to fuck you till it hurts and then I'm going to carry on until you're screaming for mercy!"He said, and drove it in deeper still. He was fucking and fucking her, all she felt was raw pleasure and she was losing track of time.
After some more thrusting that shook her body she was saying, "No..stop.. Zack..stop.."
And the pain that made her beg was becoming a pleasure that ran through her body, now and then he would pause and she felt some warm liquid ooze inside her as he used his own fluid to lubricate her. She was becoming so raw and yet so aroused. Sex had never been like this before. Her cunt felt like it was on fire as the nerves all clustered together in a big raw need for orgasm. As she tensed and held onto him, his aggression vanished.
"You need to come.."He whispered, and as he started to thrust gently he slipped his hand between her legs. She felt warm and swollen, had probably never been fucked for six hours solid before, certainly not with someone of his stamina..she was shaking all over, so close to the brink.
"You can come now..come, Coral..I want you to..come for me.."
And he pressed firmly in her clitoris, rubbed it around and he felt her shudder, she screamed and as she contracted inside he shoved his cock in deep one final time and came, hot and hard. 
Moments later she was lying beside him, breathless, exhausted, her skin gleaming with sweat as she slowly recovered. Zack kissed her and got up, still unaffected by their marathon sex session.
"Got any tea?"
"Kitchen.."She murmured and closed her eyes, still with a smile on her face. Zack paused, looked at the beautiful woman he had just worn out. He had said it time and again, his next lover would have to be a fellow cyborg. Humans were so fragile..they tired quickly, wore out quickly. Got old and sick and died so quickly. But it looked like he was wrong yet again; Coral was the one he wanted. And if she was a flesh and blood creature, so be it. Maybe in time he could persuade her to start making changes, especially if she knew that only good things to her advantage could come out of it. Not yet, but in time. 
"I'll sign that contract in a little while,"He told her, "I haven't forgotten.."
Coral gave no reply, and slept on like the fragile, exhausted creature of flesh and blood that she was.

She had no idea how long she slept. When she awoke, it was dark outside and Zack tuned on the bedside light. He kissed her.
"I carried you upstairs and put you to bed." He told her, "I've been watching you sleep. You look so pretty."
She blinked and looked up at him.
"Don't cyborgs sleep?"
"I need about six hours a night, I've had a couple I'll catch up on the rest later..I want to show you something.." And he pushed her legs open.
"Look what I've done to you."
She looked between her legs. Her cunt was red and swollen from all the fucking, as she slid her hand down there it felt so raw and yet so alive, every nerve seemed to cry out for more stimulation.
"I love to see that and know I did it..I'm going to lick you now, Coral, and you can't stop me.."
As he buried his head between her legs she weakly protested that she was sore, but he whispered: "I know, and I want to taste it.. just lie back and accept it, your pussy's going to be eaten till there's nothing left of it.."
And as his mouth clamped on her swollen flesh and his tongue began to tease her tenderness with an expertise that he had spent a hundred years learning, she was helpless again, a slave to his attentions as he licked her raw pussy in such a way that every stroke of his tongue made her gasp. He sucked on her, licked her, relentlessly stimulated her clitoris, pausing every now and then to lick the length of her slit and catch all the flowing juice. Suddenly she didn't know anything except the centre of her pleasure was her tender cunt and Zack's tongue down there working on her. He slid his fingers in her, moved them in and out, lapped harder at her flesh until she gasped and cried out and almost passed out with the intensity of it all. Then, as she fell back to earth, his arms were around her and all she could do was lapse back into an exhausted sleep, her pussy so swollen and toyed with that she had to sleep with her legs apart.
In the morning, she awoke to Zack gently kissing her lips.
He laughed softly and said:
"I'm hard again..sorry.."
Her vagina was sore and bruised, her cunt felt swollen and the pleasure of last night had turned to pain. Her clitoris felt like it was swollen to the point of bursting, bruised and swollen and over-sensitive in a way that hurt.
"Having sex with me,"He told her, "Is like having non stop gang bang. I know you're hurting. In a day or two we can have some more if you want to - I promise I'll be more gentle this time..I sometimes get carried away, I can't help it, I like being in charge in bed.."
"I know."She replied, and everything throbbed between her legs.
He got his cock out and shoved it in front of her mouth.
"I'll have a wank..tell me how much you liked last night..."
He was rubbing his cock hard.
"I loved it."She said, "The way you tore into me..the way you fucked me till you wore out my cunt...how you ate my cunt.."
"You liked that..."He was wanking harder, as she glanced up at him she saw the light dimly in his eye and guessed he was playing back the film in his head.
"I liked the way you ate my pussy till I was raw. Till I was screaming.."
"Oh yes!"He exclaimed, wanking harder as he grabbed her by the hair and shoved his cock right between her eyes, "You're going to get it right in the face, you slut!"
And he shot his load. It splashed onto her face just as she closed her eyes and felt the warm sticky cum splatter her eyes, her cheeks, as it ran down to her mouth she licked her lips.
Suddenly he handed her a towel and gently helped her to wipe her eyes. He had cum yet again, put his cock away and showed no sign of exhaustion at all. This was something that would take some getting used to.
"So,"He said, are we going to see your sister today? 'Cos I really want to meet Byron Meadows.."
She sighed and continued to use the towel. 
Not yet, Zack.."
"But I want to go now.."
That was Zack, never understanding any perspective but his perfect world..
"Zack, in a minute..wait, okay? I have cum in my hair!"

Some twenty minutes later she was driving them towards the mountains. As she noticed the tension on his face when the former battleground came into view, she swiftly changed the subject.
"I'm so sore, I don't regret it but I'm sore and bruised, Zack. You just keep going like a m - "
She caught herself, stopped the word coming out but too late. Zack looked at her.
"Like a machine?"
"I'm sorry, I didn't think - I didn't mean it like that - I meant - "
Zack threw his head back and laughed.
"I know, I fuck like a machine, it's a fact, I'm proud of it, I'm not ashamed of it - who would be - I am THE sex machine!"
"You're not offended?"
"No!"
"Will we see each other again, Zack?"
"As long as you can put up with the punishment."Zack replied, "I'd like nothing better!"
He knew she would go through hell with his sexual appetite and anyway, humans found it difficult to keep up with a cyborg partner forever. There were things they could do about that, if and when she was ready. He wasn't about to talk to her about it for a long time, not until the day came that he knew they would be permanent. And if the implant worked, it would have to be after they had kids, if it went that far, if that was possible. Then Coral could start making the alterations that would allow her more staying power and less damage to her body..
"I like having you around."She told him, "As long as you don't anger me or insult me of course!"
And Zack returned her smile and silently concluded no, now was not the time to discuss her first and most logical cybernetic alteration - her clitoris and vagina would have to be replaced with a cybernetically enhanced version, something that would horrify her right now. But once she had gone through with it, she would be pleased with the result. She would be as horny as he was and keep up with him too..but that was definitely a long way off. 
They reached the house where her sister was living and Coral stopped outside, paused to say to Zack:"I thought she was mad coming here, since then I've changed my mind - I feel desperately sorry for her, she's in love with a man who is going to die..I wish there was something I could do, its so hopeless."
"Well I've seen plenty of people die from this,"He told her, "It's nothing I haven't seen before. If I can help I will."
As they waited on the doorstep Zack smiled and said: "I bet your sister will be surprised to see me on her doorstep.."
Despite the seriousness of the occasion, Coral found herself smiling and she shook her head.
"You're unbelievable, Zack..of course she won't know who you are..Sara doesn't watch porn."
When Sara opened the door, it was clear that she was under a lot of strain. She looked pale and tired.
"How's Byron?"she asked her.
Sara shook her head.
"He's not good, Coral. He's holding on but I don't know how long he can last.."
She glanced at her sister's companion, who didn't wait for her and introduced himself.
"Zack Mackenzie."He announced.
"Nice to meet you, Zack."She said politely with no flicker of recognition. and opened the door wider and they both went inside.
"How bad is he?"Zack asked her as they went up the stairs.
"He's on a massive dose of pain killer and anti virus serum but it's not working he's still contagious and all he wants is for me to hold him, he needs some comfort but I can't touch him without gloves and - "
They'd reached the top of the stairs and Zack gently placed his hand on her arm and gave it a squeeze.
"I'm a qualified medic,"He told her, "I've had a lot of experience with treating people with his condition. Do you know how long he has?"
She blinked back tears. 
"He knew he was dying when I met him, but he didn't tell me..not until recently..he thought I wouldn't want him but that's not true..I love him.."
She blinked and tears rolled down her face. And for once, Zack wasn't Sex Machine Zack who Coral had come to know. He was showing a completely different side, that of a caring medic, another benefit of his many lifetime's experience.
"Well he was probably scared to tell you,"He said, "It's a hard thing to live with, it's a very isolating condition - until you came along he probably thought he was going to be alone forever. Is the bleeding under control?"
She nodded.
"Yes, he's out of the isolation chamber - "
"He's got an isolation chamber?"
"He built it."She told him, "It's helped him stay alive."
Zack was impressed.
"He must be a genius..I know what he did in the war..I very much want to meet him. And I'd like to help if I can.."
"Of course."Sara said, then she added:"But you'll need to use barrier nursing, don't touch him."
Zack smiled.
"I'm a cyborg. I have immunity."
Sara went into his room first, Coral and Zack followed.
Coral stepped through the glass partition and stared at the man in the bed. Byron's skin was red raw,as Sara spoke his name he opened his eyes and moved slightly, careful not to disturb the tube in his arm that ran up to a pump machine.
"Coral's here."She said, and she's brought a friend.."
"I'm Zack Mackenzie..I was a medic a few years ago, I know all about your condition."And he sat beside him and held out his hand.
"I'm a cyborg."He told him, and Byron understood, and weakly shook his hand.
"It's a pleasure to meet you."Zack said, "You're a true hero, Byron."
And Byron laughed.
"I know who you are - I've seen you in porn films.."And he coughed hoarsely.
For once Zack wasn't interested in his film career. He studied the numbers on the pump.
"If I take the antiviral down a few mils I can double the pain relief from the other side of the pump it should make you more comfortable and it's still down a bit from the maximum dose so it's safe - is that ok?"
Byron nodded.
For a moment Zack studied the pump, looked at the numbers on the keypad and as he started to reprogram it Coral felt surprisingly proud of him. It was hard to believe her pretty boy cyborg porn star knew how to do these things - but then he was over a hundred years old too, something else she had to get used to.
"How's that feel?"He asked him.
For the first time in a long while, Byron seemed to instantly relax.
"It's a lot better."He said, "Thank you."
Do you want to sit up a bit?"Said Zack.
"Please."
As Byron wrapped his arms around Zack and he moved him up and arranged his pillows, Byron clung to him, his head on his shoulder as he started to sob. Zack understood, this was the first real closeness he had felt for a long time.
"I know,"He said gently, "We all miss human contact sometimes.."
He kept hold of him and said quietly to Coral:
"Take Sara downstairs, she needs a rest. I'll look after Byron."
While Sara had a couple of hours to talk to Coral and for once leave the caring to someone else, Zack found he slipped back easily into his former role. And when Sara came back upstairs, she smiled at last. For the first time in a long while, Byron looked more like the man she knew. His skin was losing the livid rawness and he seemed stronger, and he was certainly happier.
"What have you done?"She asked Zack.
He shrugged.
"Adjusted his medication and had a chat with him while it all kicked in. You okay now?"
Byron nodded.
"Thanks, Zack. I mean that."
Zack glanced at Coral.
"Let's go out for a while..I need to come back in a few hours and make sure the medications working so I think you and me should go for a little drive?"
And he quickly ushered her out of the room, taking her by the hand and leading her down the stairs and out the door.
Once they were in the car, she demanded to know what the rush was for.
"They need some privacy."Zack said, "I've been talking to Byron about how he feels and he's got one regret and he wants to do something about it.."
"There's only so much advice you can give, he's dying."
Zack smiled.
"We talked about life."He told her, "Believe me, he still wants to live."
And Coral started the car and they headed off towards Venus Town.
Halfway back he told her to stop the car.
Coral pulled over to the side of the road and turned the engine off. The outskirts of town were clearly visible from here.
"Why have we stopped?"
"Get out of the car,"Zack said seriously, "I have to show you something."
Coral got out of the car.
"Come over here and look at this."
He was standing beside the car looking towards town.
"What?"she asked him, "I don't see anything.."
He leaned closer.
"That's cos you've got to look down here.."
Something hard was pressing into her leg.
She looked down and saw Zack was holding his stiff cock in his hand. He smiled.
"I'm feeling frisky. Bend over, you're taking it in the arse, Coral."
She had no time to reply. Her first thought as he bent her over the car and lifted her skirt was, this was a public highway. Anyone could go past and see them... Zack licked his fingers and pushed them into her arse, he slid them in and out with expertise, parted them gently to open her up and as he slid his fingers out, he slipped his cock in. He pushed it all the way into her and Coral yelled out, feeling a pain as she took his length anally for the first time.
"That's right darling,"He said, "You scream nice and loud no one can hear you..I love it when you scream!"
Zack pounded hard against her, keeping his eyes on the road and glancing down at his cock, watching it go in and out of her tightness. She was tense, clinging to the car like her life depended on it.
"Play with yourself..I won't take long this time, I can't because someone will drive past..hurry up.."
She reached between her legs and frantically rubbed her aching clitoris. As she rubbed the juices flowed and the pain in her arse became mingled with pleasure.&nbsp; He was fucking her harder, his cock sliding against the ring of muscle was almost too much to bear and within moments she came loudly, yelling his name into the open air. Her voice was still echoing as he let go and shot his load, deep inside her as her own orgasm triggered him. Then he pulled out, helped his exhausted human lover back into the car, but put her in the passenger seat, and it was Zack who drove them back to Venus Town.

Back at the house, Sara was sitting beside Byron, wearing gloves so that she could hold his hands. 
His skin was looking almost normal now except for the faint redness that covered it. He seemed happier and was certainly more comfortable and positive since Zack had paid him a visit.
"He's done you good."She told him, "You almost look better."
"I feel a lot better."He told her, "In fact I made a decision..you see we had a chat about things.. life mainly..and I realised there was something I wanted to do before it's too late."
He paused, thought about all the times in his life when he had wondered if he would ever ask anyone this question - he certainly hadn't envisioned doing it on his deathbed..
"Actually I called the minister today and she says if I'm still alive on friday she can come over and do it..but that depends on you.."
He tightened his grip on her hands.
"I love you Sara. Will you marry me?"

Anna had concluded that life in the bar would never be the same again after the stranger who had appeared out of thin air and disappeared again. Since then she had kept looking, turning around trying to catch a glimpse of something, anything to prove she wasn't mad. She checked every face that came into the bar - none of them were her vanishing man. And then her sister walked in with Zack Mackenzie and just as they approached the bar and she was wondering what the hell her sister was doing with a porn star - a cyborg porn star -&nbsp; she was aware of a twinkling shimmer, just out of the corner of her eye that looked like a shower of diamonds. She turned around, and there he was again.
Billy smiled.
"Hello again."
She tensed, still rather wary of his mode of transport.
"Are you..on time this time?"
He glanced around. Saw Coral and Zack approaching the bar.
"Very much so,"He promised her, "Trust me, this is the right time.."


End of Part Two

To be concluded in Tales from Venus Town Part Three - The New League 










TALES FROM VENUS TOWN
By Dorothy Strangelove

part THREE: THE NEW LEAGUE

As Coral approached the bar, she didn't pay any attention to the young man standing near Anna. She smiled at her sister and then wondered why she looked a little pale, a little shaken up. It was most unlike her.. Anna nodded to Zack as if to say Hi, and turned her attention to Coral.
"How's Sara?"
"Scared. Byron's in a real mess."
Anna seemed distracted.
"I'll come up and see her when you go back..just give me a minute there's someone I have to talk to.."
And she turned towards the young man who was now sat in the corner at the end of the bar.
She looked back at her sister.
"Can you see him?"
Coral nodded. 
"Of course I can - what's going on, Anna?"
Anna shook her head. There was no time to explain now.
"Just give me a minute and I'll tell you."
As she approached the stranger across the other side of the room, Zack let the camera blink on, he zoomed in on the top of her thighs as they moved together in her micro-mini dress, her long dark hair seemed to dance as it bounced with the sway of her body.
There was a sharp blow to the side of his head and the camera's view was marred with the word MALFUNCTION, and the light blinked off, his pupil froze and the eye went blind. He turned round to see with his good eye that Coral was glar
ing at him. She raised her hand to slap him again and he caught her wrist, remembering just in time not to grip her too tightly or his old fashioned hydraulics would snap her bones.
"Don't you ever slap me again!"He yelled, "Look what you've done!"
His pupil was fixed and not as bright as the other one, it was still and unfocussed.
"I caught you, Zack..filming my sister! My sister..how could you - "
"Fucking bitch!"He snapped, and reached up, opened his eyelid and used the other hand to ease out the eye into the palm of his hand. He held it out in front of her.
"You've broken it!"
While the quarrel was going on, Anna was beside the stranger, unsure of what to say, except for one thing:
"Who are you?"
"I told you before, my name's Billy...I'm a visitor here from the future. Not too far in the future, about twenty years..I have to see a man named Byron Meadows, he's a scientist.."
"Byron Meadows is dying."
"Yes, I know that..I have to see him before he dies. It's important. Can you take me to him now?"
"What's this about?"She asked him.
Billy thought back to their last meeting. To her it was like yesterday, to this time traveller, a year had passed since he last saw her. He had thought of nothing else but her beauty, and that beauty seemed to radiate even more now he was back here.
"Right now I don't have time to explain, but I have to get to Byron before it's too late. After that I'll tell you every thing, I promise."
His eyes were searching her's for an answer. As she looked at him she decided she could trust him, there was something about the way he spoke that said he was telling the truth. And she had seen him appear out of nowhere, so she could hardly dispute his claims..
She took some keys off a hook behind the bar and tossed them to a tall blonde woman with a half-exposed metal exoskeleton.
"Take care of this place till I get back, ok?"
The blonde nodded.
"Come with me."Said Anna, "And this had better not be bullshit..I'm trusting you."
Coral and Zack were still locked in their arguement.
"Do you have any idea how painful it is to get this implanted properly?"He demanded.
"Do you have any idea how painful it is to watch you spy on my sister?"She yelled back.
Anna watched as her sister yelled at an irate cyborg pornstar who was waving his eye in her face accusingly and concluded that somewhere, something even stranger had to be happening somewhere, but right now, she couldn't think where.. she cut in quickly.
"I'm going up to see Sara and I'm taking Billy with me..could you two kids take your quarrel outside please?"
And with that she headed for the door, with Billy following.
Coral stared after them
"Who the hell is he?"She wondered aloud. And then they were gone through the door, and Coral hurried after them.
She stopped just outside the bar, seeing the back of Anna's old car as it disappeared around the corner. 
Zack joined her, his hand over his empty socket.
"I'm really starting to get a headache.." He pressed tiny buttons on the back of the eyeball, turned it over and the pupil adjusted and stared back at him. 
He pressed the buttons again."The eye's working but the camera's not.."He muttered, and Coral looked away as he put it back in his eye socket. He blinked, looked back at her and both eyes were working again.
She wasn't sure if it was because he looked normal again or if his temper had simmered down, but he&nbsp; seemed to be a lot calmer.
"You broke my camera."
"Sorry."She replied, "But you used it spy on Anna."
That was true. He was hoping to win her sympathy, and knew he was losing badly.
"And you kicked me in the nuts.."
"You deserved it.."
"My eye really hurts.."
"Shut up, Zack."She snapped, and got in her car.
He stood there for a moment thinking this was the time when he should start walking, but as she started the engine a strange panic gripped him and he opened the door and jumped in beside her.
His heart wasn't pounding like a human heart, but deep inside, he felt it within him - he was falling in love with this woman.
 "I'm sorry."He said quickly, "Sorry for everything. I know I'm perfect as far as my design goes, but the human part of me is far from it..please don't hate me."
Typical Zack. He had to mention his perfections even in an apology..
"Just shut up."She repeated, and the car set off on the road towards the mountainside.

The other people far ahead on the road to the mountainside drove quietly, Billy looked out at the wilderness and thought how much greener the place looked twenty year's from now. It was Anna who broke the silence.
"Where are you from then?"
"Venus Town."He replied, "This is my home town too - will be, in the future. I've heard of the legend of the praying angel..is that true, how the statue appeared overnight?"
Anna shrugged.
"How should I know, I've never been there..never bothered."
"Could we just turn off at the top of this road and go up there and have a quick look? We'll still get to Byron in good time..I just want to take a look.."
"Okay."She said, and they turned off the road. She stopped the car at the bottom of the hill and got out.
The winding path ahead was wooded and dim, as she started to walk she slipped her hand in his and exchanged a smile with him. Billy was cute, she couldn't deny it. And she didn't meet a time traveller every day..
As she glanced at him again he smiled at her and she shook her head, dismissing a thought. 
"You remind me of someone..don't know who though. I can't quite think.."
 "You're the most beautiful woman I've ever seen."
The cooling afternoon sun was softly kissing her shoulders and the whole place smelled of sweet grass and wildflowers. Anna stopped walking and wrapped her arms around him.
Billy stared at her.
"You're a fast mover."
"And you're a time traveller..tomorrow you could be gone..Billy, I want this.."
Anna kissed him, it was a hard, hungry kiss and she plunged her tongue into his mouth with passion. As he responded he felt his cock getting harder, he ran his handds over her dress, pushed the straps from her shoulders and it slid to the ground. Beneath it she was naked except for a black lace thong that was so sheer he could see her shaved cunt, her slit visible and inviting. He fell to his knees and slid her thong off, buried his face between her legs and tasted her juices. She grabbed at his hair, shoving his face harder against her as her flesh swelled and ached for more.
Sudden voices on the path somewhere below made him freeze. People were coming up the hillside! She stepped back and took his hand, dragging him into the shaded wood, giggling as they fell to the ground, the were just out of sight, but one sound and someone could easily spot them..
"Billy, no..I'm too loud.."She whispered, even though her juices were flowing uncontrollably at the sight of his big erect cock. A wicked gleam was in his eye.
"You'd better shut up then.."
And he looked at the lacy thong in his hand, brought it up to his face and sniffed it. 
"You smell good.."He said, half lost in the moment. He brought it up to his face again, pressing the lace hard against his nostrils and inhaled deeply. As he breathed out, her scent had intoxicated him.
"I love knickers.."He whispered, and screwed them into a ball and carefully stuffed them into her mouth.
He slid his cock inside her before she had chance to protest, as he filled her up she gave a muffled cry and he smiled down at her, loving the power his cock exerted. Each thrust made her struggle and he could tell by her faint cries and the way she closed her eyes each time he hit her deep inside that she was loving it. He grabbed her by the wrists and continued to thrust, sucking hard on each breast before licking between them and gently biting on her shoulder. She fought against the gag even harder, moaning into it as he shot his load deep inside her. He gave one more thrust just to hear her try and moan again, then drew out of her. He took the g string out of her mouth and she drew in a lungful of air, her eyes still glazed with the pleasure of it all.
"That was good."She said breathlessly.
He shoved his cock in her face, all gleaming with their mingled juices and still wet and shiny.
"Clean it.."
She opened her mouth and welcomed it deep, closing her lips around the shaft and licking it clean, giving it a final suck just to be sure. Billy handed her the dress back. As she put it on, she said:"Underwear?"
Billy grinned and put the g string back in his pocket.
"I'll be saving this for later.. looks about my size too.."
And Anna laughed. Billy looked so respectable. She had found it a pleasant surprise that he was so kinky.
"I still want to see the angel."He said.
Anna glanced at the darkening sky.
"Wait till morning..there's not much light up there, it'll be better in the daytime..and Coral's going to be worried. We should get back to the house. Can you stay tonight?"
Billy nodded. After what had just happened, there was no way he was about to carry out his task and just go..Anna was worth hanging around a lot longer for..
She took his hand and they made their way back down the hillside towards the road.

Zack and Coral were sitting on the patio at Byron's house watching the sun set, their quarrel shelved for now, Zack had checked on Byron and found that he was free of pain but was decidedly weaker. He had said quietly to Coral, "We should&nbsp; stay tonight..your sister's going to need you soon."
When Anna finally arrived with Billy they joined them and Anna sat beside her sister, suddenly all eyes were on Billy.
"Okay."Anna said, "Tell Coral and Zack what's going on."
"Take me to Byron Meadows and I'll telll you everything."He replied, "I really need to see him."
Anna stood up.
"Okay, let's go up now and we'll see what you have to say."
"Anna you don't know this person - "Coral began.
"I know him well enough to trust him."She replied, and led the way into the house.
Upstairs, Byron had been dozing in bed, watching the sun sink lower before he slipped into a light sleep. Sara had taken off her gloves and sat beside him watching him sleep, reassuring herself by the rise and fall of his chest.
As they entered the bedroom she looked at Billy and wondered why a stranger whas here.
"What's going on?"
Billy walked over to Byron's bedside and took a deep breath. Now was the time for explaining..
"I'm here from the future."
"It's true,"Anna said, quickly dispelling the doubt, "I've seen it with my own eyes.."
Billy sat down on the edge of Byron's bed and told them everything.
"Twenty years from now there's a cure for White Gas Syndrome. I didn't invent it but a few people like me did.. I worked with some colleagues of mine on the time travel concept..it's still new and there's a long way to go but we can go back far enough to trace the survivors and give them the antidote. That's why I'm here."
And he took a silver tube out of his pocket, twisted it open and took out a syringe loaded with a clear liquid. 
"This is all he needs and he will live."
"Give it to him." Sara's voice was tearful, but decided.
"Give it to him, Billy."She told him.
As Billy reached for his arm Sara rushed forward with gloves.
Billy smiled.
"It's okay, I'm immune. I'm a second generation cyborg."
Zack looked at him sharply.
"Second generation?"
Billy explained.
"That's what makes people like me special. Children of cyborg parents are flesh and bone but our cell structure carries a super gene. We're the geniuses who are finding the cures and changing the world for the better, we're smarter and healthier and more resillient...this antidote I'm about to give Byron is made with our technology, it carries the gene that will destroy the sickness and start to fortify and rebuild everything the virus broke down. He's going to be very weak for a couple of months while his body recovers but after that he'll never get sick again in his life..and he'll also carry the cyborg gene which will pass to your children and they will be as brilliant as I am!"
He disconnected the drip from his arm .
"He won't need this any more."
Then he slid the needle into Byron's arm and injected the fluid.
Byron tensed, as the pain registered on his face his eyes slowly opened.
As he looked up at the young man whose conversation he had been listening to while he rested, he wondered how someone so young could possibly have the ability to find a cure for something no one in this world could have helped him with..if he was telling the truth, if this worked..
"Am I really cured?"He whispered.
Billy took hold of his hand and looked intently at him.
"Give it a minute..you're pretty far gone, it will take a bit longer..just a bit longer."
Something was creeping through his veins, cooling the fire in his skin, taking away the cold ache that reminded him he was growing weaker. The world was coming into focus again, sharper, brighter. His flesh felt warm and the pain was gone. Byron drew in a deep breath and tried to sit up, and promptly gave up on that - his body felt exhausted.
He knew it was working, he felt it. And Billy was right, he was weak, and although he didn't like the thought of taking a couple of months to get over this, it was nothing really, it was no price to pay at all..
Sara was staring at him. Before her eyes his flesh had taken on a normal colour again, it was as if she had seen the life slide back into his body.
"Sara,"Billy said, "As much as I'd love to sit here all day I think you should be the one holding his hand..he's not contagious anymore."
Sara reached out and took his hand. Then they reached for each other and she was kissing his lips, as tears ran down his face.
As they embraced Billy turned back to the others.
"I think they need to be alone for a while."
Billy left the room and headed down the stairs. As he reached the bottom he heard a familiar voice calling him.
He turned and faced him, already guessing what this would be about..
"What do you want to know, Zack?"
The cyborg glanced back and saw the two women were still upstairs, all the same, he kept his voice low.
"Do you know who I am?"
Billy smiled. 
"You're Zack Mackenzie, porn star. That documentary you make does well. But you go back to making porn. Gang Bang Machine one and two..filthiest movies I've ever seen.."
But there was a look in Zack's eyes, it made Billy's skin prickle. Zack was interested in something far more important than his career..
"I'm a rich man."He told him, "Very rich..I'll give you everything I have if you let me use your time machine just once.."
Billy placed his hand on his arm and gave it a squeeze.
"Zack,"He said gently, "I know you would give anything to have the chance to save your wife...but as I said, time travel is a new concept..we can only move backwards and within a very narrow timeline. I can't go back far enough to reach her.."
As the hope began to fade from Zack's eyes, Billy decided to go back on his own promise not to reveal anything, because this was different..
"Zack,"he said, "Sometimes you just have to let go. You're going to have a happy life, you must believe me..You can never replace your first wife, even though you've tried for the last hundred years time and again..but your next wife will love you very much. And you will be happy with her, I know it for a fact."
Now he had his attention. It had just occurred to Zack that this young man knew everything that was to come..
"You're not telling me something.."
Billy knew him far better than he realised. He knew Zack wouldn't give up until he shared it with him.
"A while ago you had an implant."He said, "The first of it's kind. It hurt you so much you was on your back for three days with an icepack on your balls. It made you cry, it hurt more than anything you've ever been through in your life. But it's worth it, that implant's going to work, and sooner than you think.."
As he spoke he saw the look in Zack's eyes and it reminded him of the way he looked in an old home movie, the one where he was holding his baby son in his arms and said proudly:"This is my boy.."
Billy gave him a hug. Then he stepped back, before Zack asked him why. It wasn't every day he got the chance to meet his own father like this.. 
"Can you tell me anything else?"He asked him.
Billy laughed. He had told him enough already. Then a thought came to mind. 
"Well,"he confided,"About ten years from now a threesome with the au pair and the babysitter might seem like a good idea at the time..but don't do it!"
"What's this about a threesome?"Coral was standing behind him, that suspicious tone creeping into her voice that she would use so often in the future.
"Nothing."Zack said, "We were just talking about one of my films..Right, Billy?"
And Billy nodded, long since used to being drawn in as his dad's alibi..some things never changed..
Zack glanced at Billy, he could see the look in his eyes, asking, Is she the one? And Billy discreetly nodded.
The change in Zack was astonishing.
"Let's go back to your place."He said to Coral, taking her by the hand, "It's been a long day..you must be exhausted..I'm so sorry about earlier..that camera..I'll get rid of it. I'll never do anything like that again.."
As he led her outside to the car he opened the passenger door for her.
"I'll drive.."
And he got in the other side and started the engine before she could protest.
She stared at him.
"What's got into you? And that Billy..who is he? he reminds me of someone..I just can't think who.."
"I know, I thought the same,"Zack replied, then he dismissed the thought, having more important things on his mind.
"I'm going to make you happy."He promised her, "Just give me a chance to prove it.."
And he started the drive back to Venus Town, his cock growing harder as he thought about laying her down on her bed and giving his baby-making equipment some long and serious practice..

Billy was still standing in the doorway watching the car leave as Anna approached him.
She smiled and walked out towards the patio, he followed her and they sat down&nbsp; below the shade of an overhanging tree. She ran her fingers through her hair and pushed it off her face.
"So you're from the future..you must know a lot of things that we don't.."
Billy had no reason to hold anything back now.
"I'm Billy Mackenzie..son of Zack and Coral..a second generation cyborg..I'm a genius and some consider me the father of time travel..I came here using a method where I programmed in my own DNA to trace the route back here..thats why I couldn't understand finding you, you're not related.. you're adopted..then I realised, my father was in the bar at the time.. that was when I turned up the first time.. but I was too early..I looked you up on all the records that exists for this time and I find no record of you after tomorrow..I'm hoping that's because you'll be coming with me..I'd like you to, Anna. Could you do that? I can always bring you back if you want to come back, I promise I'll do that for you."
Anna laughed softly. He spoke as if she would be making a great sacrifice to leave. All she had was the bar..
"I've spent four years building up my business, it's been all the things to me a man has never been..it's mine, it won't let me down, it gives me more than any man has ever given me..no man has ever really given me anything..it doesn't use me, either.."
"I won't use you."He promised her.
"I want to believe you."Anna said, "I don't know. I'll think about it."
They fell silent for a moment, then Billy looked at her and said: "I'd love to have you, right here and now.."
She welcomed his embrace but then realised the camera was pointing at them..she had noticed other monitors around the house and was'nt sure how many of them were switched on.
Billy was moving in to kiss her and she pulled back.
"Billy - camera..over there.."
Billy glanced at the camera and felt a thrill that made him even harder.
"Let's hope it's switched on.."He murmured, and pushed her gently onto her back, spreading her legs. He paused to take the underwear from his pocket and inhale the scent of her juices again, then took his cock out and slid it into her, pinning her down and starting to fuck her rapidly, his face turned towards the camera as the thought of being watched made him even harder.
"I hope they see us.."He whispered, "I wish I was wearing your thong right now!"
"You can wear all of my clothes if you like.."She told him, gasping as his cock hit her deep inside. He was lost in this, not caring who could see him, half-hoping the people on the other end of the monitor were getting off on this too..

The image of Anna being held down and fucked by Billy was clearly visible on the monitor, but Sara's eyes were on Byron as she lay in his arms, both of them still cherishing the fact that they could at last touch.
She was on the bed beside him, in his arms, looking into his eyes. They had kissed, caressed, Byron was still too waek to make love and knew that was something that would have to wait until he was fully recovered, but it didn't matter, it was still sinking in that they had a lifetime to share everything now.
"I think we should get married later."He said, "When I'm back on my feet. Do it properly."
Sara smiled.
"Well there's no rush for anything now.."
"I want to feel you beside me like this always, your skin next to mine - I've missed that so much."
And then she was distracted by the moving images on the monitor.
"Billy's fucking my sister on your patio!"
Byron laughed. He wasn't about to criticise the man who had just saved his life. He turned his head and was just in time to see Billy grab her roughly by the hair and cover her face with cum. It was a proper facial, and she wiped it off with the back of her hand, then licked it from her skin..despite his weakness, he felt a stirring between his legs that told him he would be recovered far quicker than he had first expected to be..
"Just switch it off.."He said. 
As the screen went dark he pulled her closer and kissed her gently.
He took her hand and slid it between his legs. 
"I swear I'm not hard cos of what I just saw," He promised (and Byron was a damned fine liar), "I just want you to make me come..it's been so long since I've been close to you.."
As her hand slid around his hardening cock, she massaged him gently, sliding the sheet back and spreading kisses over his skin that he had thought he would never feel again. The thought of Anna getting it in the face had started to arouse him, but now other images crowded his mind - the thought of strapping Sara down in the chamber and toying with her cunt, teasing her with a vibrator until she could take no more, using toys on her until she begged him for release, until he fucked her and they both came together..the room that used to be his prison would certainly have a new life as a very different kind of chamber when he got his strength back..it was that thought that made him cum, and he pumped hot and wet all over her hand.
That night they slept together, their bodies entwined, still in awe of the fact that they could finally touch.
A few miles away in Venus Town, Zack Mackenzie fucked Coral long into the night until she could take no more, and then he held her in his arms and blinked back tears as he realised, for the first time in over a hundred years, he really was deeply in love again. The thought that she was to be the mother of his child made him want to hold her forever.

It was early in the morning when Sara woke to Anna lightly tapping her arm.
Anna kept her voice low not wanting to wake Byron.
"I'm taking Billy up to see the angel - he really wants to see it. He's leaving soon."
Sara nodded and went to go back to sleep.
"I might be going with him."
She opened her eyes.
"What?"
"I might be going with him, Sara. Back to his time. He's asked me..I haven't decided yet. So..I might be back later.."
"Are you sure - "
Anna nodded, and whispered, "I'll see you, then.."
And then she was gone, leaving Sara with the impression that even if she didn't want to say it, she had already made up her mind..

Anna took hold of Billy's hand and they walked up the hillside together. The sun was rising strongly in the sky and it was warm, a perfect day but Billy was silent as they made their way towards the cemetary. As they walked through the gates&nbsp; and approached the tall white statue, he said, "So you've never seen the angel before?"
They were standing at the foot of the statue now. Billy's heart was pounding and he knew this moment was the end result of a great deal of planning, all to win the heart of a woman he fell in love with..
"It was me."He told her, "I put the angel here."
Anna was confused.
"What for?"
"For this day."He told her, "For you, for someone who has never been given anything, never been loved or appreciated..I love you and I'm not my father, I can't impress you with artificial stamina and the like..but I can do this, and I have.. look at the angel's face.."
Anna looked skywards.
As she took in the features of the statue, she knew all doubts she still held onto had vanished.
"This monument will last forever."Billy said.
Anna was still looking at the statue. The angel bore her face..
She turned back to Billy and smiled.
"Thank you."She said.

Sara got up a little later and looked out of the open window. Far in the distance she saw two people walking hand-in-hand down the hillside. Halfway down they stopped, kissed and embraced.
And as they did so she was sure she heard Anna's soft laughter carried on the breeze as the couple shimmered, and disappeared in a shower of a billion diamonds.

THE END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Dorothy Strangelove


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





