BDSM Library - Bedside Manner




Bedside Manner
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A nurse who specialises in therapy for intimate problems treats a handsome Bad Boy to some very special attention.







BEDSIDE MANNER

By Dorothy Strangelove

I didn't go into my patient's room right away. First I paused by the mirror and checked my appearance. My lipstick was soft and shimmering, made my mouth look very tempting. I'd kept my hair loose so it fell about my shoulders. I was wearing a tight lycra top with a plunging neckline that cut right down between my breasts and a mini skirt that was short enough to make the most of my legs but also covered the tops of my stockings..well, just about covered them.
I hadn't bothered to wear a uniform, this patient was very special - so I had made a special effort to make him feel relaxed. I knew he didn't like being examined and he had told me before that he wasn't an easy patient, I knew I would have to be firm with him if he was going to get better, but I wasn't going to be too firm because I knew he needed my comfort and I was sure that once he had felt my healing touch he would be feeling much better. I was very good with my hands...
I hadn't bothered with underwear. I was sure that once he saw my appearance and caught a glimpse of the rest of me, he would be in a better mood and allow me to treat him. 
I went into his room quietly. He was in bed, although the covers were up to his chest I could tell at a glance he had a firm body. He was very attractive as well, and I couldn't help smiling at him as I approached the bed.
"You know why I'm here,"I began, "I do know a little bit about your history but I need you to tell me everything just so I can be clear on what's wrong with you. That way I can give you better treatment."
He sighed and looked away for a moment, as if he had heard this a hundred times before.
"I don't even know why I bothered to come here, you can't do anything for me, why don't you just admit it?"
I sat down on the bed beside him.
"I need you to tell me everything, then I'll tell you what I can do about it. I can help you."
He was so attractive that I had to squeeze my thighs together as I crossed my legs, I was already feeling warm and the top of my thighs were sliding together with the wetness.
"What's your name?"
"Jack."He replied. 
He was still looking away from me, as if he wished he was anywhere else but here.
"I know you&nbsp; had a serious injury a couple of years ago, I know it's left you with lasting pain..can you tell me what happened?"
He drew in a deep breath, still couldn't meet my gaze. I knew this was uncomfortable for him.
"Just tell me what happened and I'll see what I can do."
I closed my hand over his.
For a second or two he squeezed my hand, then pulled it away.
"I'm a bit of a bad boy."He told me, " I used to get in a lot of trouble. Drinking, fighting, that sort of thing. I went to prison for GBH and while I was in there I got into a fight with a couple of blokes and I got badly hurt. Broken bones, internal injuries..I got over it but I still get pain in my groin sometimes..when I get aroused its really bad. Sometimes I think I'm never going to have sex again without everything hurting.."
And finally his eyes met mine.
"It's hurting right now. It's getting really bad."
And I thought, so am I...as I looked at him I was aching to feel the length of him deep inside me, I needed him so badly there could be no substitute for his cock to take away my aching.
But he needed therapy first...
"I need to take a look at you." I told him.
Then he tensed up again.
"I don't want any more examinations! I've had so many and it's embarrassing and no one can help me anyway..there's no point."
I gently began to slide the covers downwards.
He grabbed the sheets and jerked them up again, I saw a flash of anger in his eyes.
"I said, don't bother! Leave me alone, I don't want to be examined. You can't do anything for me.."
And he turned on his side, away from me.
"You don't understand how much I've been through. No one can help me. And I'm in pain.."
I got up on the bed and slid closer to him, ran my hand softly over his hair and gently kissed his cheek.
"It's alright."I told him, "I can help you..I want to help you.."
"But you can't."He said, and although he wasn't looking at me he sounded as if his anger was giving way to tears now, "I have to live with this, there's nothing any one can do for me."
I kissed his cheek again, ran my hand down his body over the sheet.
"Be a good boy and turn over for me."
"I don't want to.."
I lost the softness to my voice. It was time to be firm with him.
"You have two choices. Either you let me treat you or you go back to hospital and have surgery. Your condition will improve with regular therapy but you have to let me touch you. Now turn over before I slap your arse. Stop behaving like a stupid little fucker and do as I say!"
He turned over for me and slid the covers back, all the way down to his groin, giving me a teasing glimpse of the top of his pubic hair. 
"That's not enough."I said, and took the covers right off him.
His cock was hard and I knew before I touched him that he desperately wanted some very intimate attention.
"Open your legs."
"It hurts."
"I said, do it!"
He obeyed me, complaining of the discomfort as he did so.
I gently felt around his groin, as I touched him he gave a sigh of longing and I knew he couldn't hold on much longer. I gently stroked his balls, massaging them firmly, yet softly, all the while his cock was getting harder and harder as if the head would burst with the need to come.
"You're going to be alright,"I told him, "Everything's normal..you just need to make yourself come more often..or get me to do it for you.."
I could tell by his heavy breathing and the way he was trembling that he wanted to come badly.
"I think I'd like that.."He said, unable to stop himself from thrusting his hips forward a little as I stroked the length of his cock. 
"It's really hurting badly."He told me.
I lowered my head between his legs and started to gently kiss his balls, the way he kept trying to shove everything into my face told me he was getting desperate to come. 
"You need to shoot your load already."I said, "Naughty boy..I'll have to massage your cock now..I know it's hurting but you need this.." 
I was shaking a little myself as the desire ran through my body, every nerve was alive and tingling as I rubbed some KY jelly on my hands. He was laying there watching me, his cock hard as he begged me to hurry up.
I slid one hand around his balls - my god, they felt so tight I was sure he was about to shoot all over me - and I started to gently but firmly massage them.
He gave a gasp and pushed harder against my hands.
"Oh yes.."He was murmuring, "Rub my bollocks..thats so good.."
I slid my other hand around his cock and started to slide it up and down, gently at first, then harder and more firmly until my hand was gliding up and down his length, the lube feeling like silk. I was aching to feel him inside me but that would have to wait, because he couldn't and as his body tensed I closed my mouth around his cock, welcoming it into the warmth of my mouth, sucking hard, harder still as I tasted sweet lube and salted come that spurted hot and fast, throbbing like a heartbeat as it pumped endlessly for sweet beautiful moments, as he was lost in the pleasure of falling into the lost moments of orgasm as the feeling rushed through his body and burst into my mouth. I swallowed deeply, drinking his pleasure as willingly as if it were water from the fountain of life itself.
Then he lay there for a&nbsp; brief time, eyes closed, breathless, as he held his arms out to me and I went to his embrace, I felt his heart pounding against his chest, he was still recovering from that orgasm.
"I feel better now."He told me, and tightened his embrace as his lips met mine. He kissed me deeply, weakly at first and then harder, stronger.
"Thank you for making me feel like a man again,"He told me, "I hope this means I'm cured.."
"No, you're not cured."I said gently, "Your condition is incurable..but if I treat you regularly, it will be manageable.."
"So all I need is you to really massage me and play with it? And I won't get any more pain?"
"As long as you do as I say and have regular therapy..if you don't I'll have to make you do it. From now on you have to tell me as soon as it starts hurting and I'll give you treatment."
He smiled.
"I like the sound of that.."
He kissed me again, then asked:"Are you this good to all your patients, nurse?"
His fingers were sliding inside me and it felt like bliss, I had been aching for him so badly..
"No,"I told him honestly, "Theres only you..I wouldn't want to do this with any of my other patients!"
Suddenly he pulled away, slammed his head back against the pillow and drew in a sharp breath.
"What's wrong?"
"Oh no.."He said, "My cock's hard again...it's hurting.."
"Ok,"I said gently, "Hold still and I'll make it better.."
I sat stride him, my legs shaking as his cock slid deep into me and a rocket of pleasure shot through my insides.
"Harder."I told him, "As hard as you can..."
He started to thrust against my body, his cock moving in and out of me hot and fast, every time he hit my insides I was closer to coming. He was suddenly a very willing patient, obviously feeling better with all the stimulation.
But I felt he needed more encouragement, he could go harder than this...
"Fucking fuck me you bad boy!"I said, "Fuck me harder..harder.."
He slammed his hips against me, again and again.
As the pleasure washed over me he felt my body tensing and squeezing his cock and it sent him over the edge. 
He gave a gasp.
"I'm shooting my load now.."
And he came again, throbbing hard and rapidly inside me, washing me out with his orgasm.
The sheets were musky with the smell of his sweat and our lovemaking. I slid into his arms and he held me, then he kissed me again and we stayed like that for some time.
"That was really good."He told me.
"But it's not a cure,"I reminded him, "You need to have this treatment again if it's going to keep working."
"I know that, nurse,"He replied, "I'm looking forward to it.."
An hour later my patient was feeling well enough to get up.
I stayed in bed and watched as he got dressed, looking so sexy even with his clothes on again. Not for the first time that day, it ran through my mind how special he was, to put up with my therapy (and enjoy it so much)!
I watched my bad boy run some gel through his hair and put his watch back on, then he told me he had to go, he had to be back at work at two.
"Don't worry about the bill for the room,"He told me, "I've already paid it..you paid it last time."
He kissed me goodbye.
"Same time next week?"I asked him.
"Looking forward to it!"He replied.

The End

 






Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Dorothy Strangelove


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





