BDSM Library - Tyrone, Jamal and Tina




Tyrone, Jamal and Tina
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Tyrone and Jamal are tooling around town for some young Pussy and find just what they want. 






Subject: Tyrone, Jamal and Tina


 Tyrone and Jamal were two hunky black high school niggers
who were tooling
around town in Tyrone's car. When I say high school
niggers, I mean high
school age. They seldom went to school unless it was to
check out the 
freshman cunt available. They did, however hang around the
middle and lower 
schools a great deal. You see, Tyrone and jamal had a thing
for really young
twat. They love to bust fresh virgin pussy with their huge
black fuckers. 
This was a favorite pastime of theirs. In fact, other than 
music and drugs,
fucking young pussy was about their only pastime.


As they tooled around town, both boys had their baggy
jeans and boxers
open and down. It made it difficult for Tyrone to use the
gas pedal and
brake, but he was an expert at jerking off in the car. He'd
been doing it
since he was twelve, five years ago. Both boys had their
pants open and
down and were pumping their huge thick hunks of nigger
fuckmeat. These were 
not dicks to be sneezed at. These were fucking cuntbusters! 
Even the other 
jigs at school and around the hood were in awe of the dicks
of Tyrone and
Jamal. It was said no twat could comfortably take the
pricks of these two
boys. Well, the operative word here was comfortably.
Because lots of twat 
had taken the dicks, and lots of mouths and assholes as 
well. Oh it was 




almost never comfortable for the poor young cunt, but they
took it none the 
less. It was made even worse because as I said, Tyrone and
Jamal favored 
young twat. If a cunt was over fourteen, they lost
interest. That was 
because they also love to see and hear the bitch squeal as
she was getting
stretched and fucked so hard she would never be the same 
again. They
especially loved to double fuck a young bitch, one boy
ramming her mouth or
asshole as the other made a baby in her cunt. The two boys
bragged that
together they had gotten fifteen girls pregnant. And that
was as a fuck 
team. Separately, they had impregnated at least nine or ten
bitches each, 
many of them no older than thirteen. They also liked their
bitchmeat white. 
It was ok to fuck some nigger bitch for a bit of fun, but
for the ultimate 
pleasure, the victim had to be pretty, very young, and
white. They felt they
were providing a kind of public service; teaching a young
white cunt that 
there is no dick in the world to equal nigger dick, and
that the poor twat
should go black from here on in. Hell, after they stretched
her holes out 
good and proper, she'd almost have to go black to ever feel 
anything.


To be fair to the boys, they did not just fuck young
twat, exclusively.
They had each also fucked several female teachers, the
mothers of some of 
the cunt they dated, and various women they encountered
around town. But 
the ultimate thrill for them was really tight, fresh smooth
hairless virgin 




pussy.


Tyrone and Jamal were both stroking their fat dicks. The 
pre cum was
bubbling out of the pissholes and running back down all
over their hands. 
Both boys leaked a great deal. They loved to wipe their 
pre-fuck on the 
faces of the young twat they fucked, cover her face until
it was all shiny
and pretty with pre-fuck slop. When they went to school,
which was very
irregular, they often took some freshman twat and covered
her face with 
pre-fuck before the first class. Then they made her go that
way all day,
face and lips glistening with cocksnot.


One of their other favorite pastimes was drinking milk
from the titties 
of some young bitch they had gotten pregnant. Both boys
loved titty milk.
They would squeeze and milk the tender tits painfully,
while the thirteen 
year old mother-to be squirmed in pain. They also loved to
fuck pregnant
cunt. It made them feel powerful.


Both boys scanned the sidewalk and pumped their fat
pricks. They were
handsome young bucks, no doubt about it. The boys wore
wife-beaters, and 
their strong pecs an large puffy nipples showed through the
thin material.


 The boys were breathing heavily.


"I thnk you said dat da fuckin bitch walk home from
school dis way?"
Jamal said, his hand moving up and down vigorously on his
fuckmeat. With 
each down stroke, he pounded into his scrotum. He was a
hard fucker and a 
hard masturbator too. 




 "She do. I was fucking her older sister, and I seen her
a couple of
times."


 "You fucked her older sister? Which bitch is dat?"


 "That mutherfucking Alice bitch. Da fourteen year old
one dat screamed so 
when you fucked her in da ass wit da hammer." Tyrone's dick
spurted some 
pre-fuck at the fond memory.


"Oh dat one. Dat what she gets for hanging around black
meat. She was 
fucking jus' axeking for it. Shit, she did squeal in pain
tho!" Both boys
rocked with laughter, showing beautiful even white teeth.


"How old dis bitch?"


 "Jus' turned thirteen yesterday. So's I tunk we could
give her a little
birthday treat. You know, bust her cherry for her birthday.
Da family
already got one big problem. Alice is now seven months
pregnant with the
whelp of one of us, and dat parents being strick Cahtolic
and not allowing
no abortion. I thunk it would be a blast if we got the
other twat pregnant
too. Den maybe, I break in da house one day and fuck da
mamma pregnant too!
Don' tell me she wouldn't love some nice big nigger dick."


"Shit, all dem white bitches do. Oh man, mutherfuck, if I 
don't get some
twat soon, I am goin' ta blow my load all over your car."


"You do dat, mutherfucker, you gonna lick it up. Don't
go sloppin' up my
car wit your joy juice."


Both boys were close to blowing it, but neither wanted to
stop jerking his
pecker. It felt so fucking good. They played with their
hard ons all the 
time. Even in school, right in class. Tyrone loved to sit
in the front row 




when he had a pretty, young female teacher or a faggot
teacher, and finger
his hard on through his trousers. He spread his young
strong legs wide and
allowed the teacher to gaze at the throbbing fuck lump. One
hand gently
squeezed the dickmeat to keep his pulsing, the other
reached up under his
wife-beater to pinch a nipples. It drove the fucking
teacher's out of their 
minds with lust. Old farts who secretly craved hot studly
nigger cock.


Both boys had really good asses too. High and round and
tight and smooth
with deep cracks. They loved to make the bitches lick their
ass cracks and 
eat out their assholes. It was one of their favorite sexual 
activities.


 "Hey, bro, dere she be!" The car slowed as they saw a
beautiful little 
girl in a Catholic school uniform, slowly wandering down
the street. The 
girl seemed lost in thought. She was a pretty thing all
right. Tiny for her
thirteen years, with hardly any tits at all. Long blond
hair fell below her 
shoulders. Her face was hard shaped, and she had large dark
eyes and a mouth
like a valentine heart.


 "Jesus, Tyrone, you sure she thirteen. She look about 
ten or eleven." 
jamal whispered, his thick cuntstuffer giving an extra
lurch.


 "Thirteen yesterday, and neber been fucked!" Jamal
laughed.
"Man, we gonna rip her open wit dese dicks!"


"My thoughts exsately! We gonna stretch dat young
hairless pussy until
we can shove our whole hand up dere. Maybe we going double
fist fuck her! 




Den we do da same to her tiny little asshole. We both 
gonna get some good
cocksuck too, and we can piss on her face and into her
mouth!"


 Jamal leaned back in the seat and thrust his hips up so
his ten and a 
half inch prick stuck up like a spear, catching the
afternoon sunlight
streaming into the car. His dickmeat glistened with
drooling pre fuck.


"How she gonna take all dis, man?" He said, so proud of 
his young black
fuckmeat.


 "Same as dat little cunt we fuck at dat water park did!
Remember she 
couldn't even walk when we finish wit her?"


 "Yeah, but I thunk we rupture somethin' in her belly or
somethin. She got
real sick remember?"


 "Who the fuck gives a fuck, as long as it is a
satisfying fuck! You
getting' all sentimental in your old age? Now you
seventeen, you suddenly
feeling sorry for da twats?"


"No way, may. A twat is jus'a fuckdump for a brother.
Jus' a hole to blow 
my load into, and da more I can makes dem hurt and cry, da
better da fuck."


 "Dat's my man talking! I loves da look of total fear
when I splains to
dem dat they got to take my dick all da way down their
throat so I can fuck 
dere face while dey lick my balls at da same time! Ain't 
nothin' like young
innocent white mouth on my big black fuckmeat."


"Look at how pretty she be. She ain't even got no tits
yet!"
"Sometimes dose late bloomer's got real nice big nipples
though. The kind 




you can stretch and chew on, until the little twat almos until the little twat almose 
go nuts."


"Oh shit, oh Fuck!" Jamal yelled, and pulled his hand
off his throbbing
nigger meat. It stood up, kind of wobbling and pulsing, as
high as his tits.
It spurted some pre-fuck onto his wife-beater.


 "Oh mutherfuck dat was close. I almose blew it! I almose 
fucking shot my
load." 


"Jesus you like my little brother. He waste a load in his
hand when he can 
be putting it up some young twat! He twelve already and
hardly fucks cunt
more den two or three times a week. I worry, maybe he a
faggot."


"Well, we can always try out his mouth and ass and see!"


Both boys laughed at that one. They had pulled up next to
the walking
girl. Tyrone beeped his horn. The boys hid their
fuckspears from sight for 
a moment. Jamal rolled down his window.


 "Yo, Tina. Tina, you remember me, Tyrone. I a friend of
your sisters. We
was good friends las' year. Remember?"


The sweet tiny girl turned toward the black boys in the 
car.


 "Oh yeah, sure, hi! " She stood there awkwardly, swinging
her book back. 
She was so fucking hot in her tiny plaid school uniform
skirt. Tyrone could
just imagine the white panties under it, and the hairless
pussy under that.


"How Alice doin? I ain't seen her around." What a 
question. Both boys
chuckled to themselves. Alice was seven months pregnant and
under wraps.


Tina blushed. "Oh, she's okay. Just taking some time
off. I'll tell her 
I saw you." 




 "Yeah, you do dat. Tell her I remembers all da good time good times
we had." 
Tyrone had led Alice on, telling her he loved her and all
that shit, until 
he got into her cunt. One of his fondest memories was of a 
gang bang, where
ten of his hung black brothers fucked the young girl all
night! When Alice 
tried to break away from him, he threatened her and her
family. He kept her
as a fuck toy. A fuck animal really. One time he even made
her suck a dog's
dick and take dog pizzle up her twat. When he was sure 
Alice was pregnant,
he dumped her, except for when he and some of his brothers 
dropped by with
an urge to fuck a pregnant sow!


Little Tina couldn't help but admire the smooth shiny
black skin on the 
boys in the car. Black boys were so dangerous looking, and
so sexy. She felt
a tiny tingle in her pussy. That had been happening a lot
lately. She
wondered if black boys really had cocks as large as the
girls at school
said. She had seen some photos one girl had downloaded from
the internet, 
but those photos can be doctored! No boy cold have a cock
that large. She 
felt another feeling in her cunt. This one more of a jolt
than a tingle. Her
mother had warned her about black boys, but who listens to
their mom?


 "Hey, Tina, you want a ride home?"


Tina looked down at the grass. She felt excited and
shy at the same 
time. After all, she was thirteen now, and boys had begun
to notice her. 
There was this boy in the eighth grade who squeezed her ass
all the time, 




and once even put his hand up against her pussy pad. But
these black boys
were much older. Imagine how jealous the girls at school
would feel if they
knew these handsome black studs had offered to drive her 
home! It was a 
chance that was just too good to pass up.


"Ah, yeah, I guess, sure!" The leaking dicks of both
boys lurched when 
she said that. Jamal grabbed a jacked to cover his prick
as he climbed out 
of the car. 


"You sit between us!"


 The young cunt was falling right into their hands. In a
few blocks, they'd
have her panties off and be digging around with their thick 
black fingers in
her fresh cunt. They'd have her masturbating both of them
at the same time, 
frigging one boy with each hand. Then they would tell her
to put her pretty
little thirteen year old head down and have a lick of each
prick head and
tell her which cock knob tasted better. Then they would get
her licking up
dick leak. Her very first taste of cockslop. If she 
resisted, they would
threaten to pay her family a very unsocial visit. They
would open her school
blouse to play with her tiny teen titties. They would get
her real hot and 
bothered, until she actually wanted their big black dicks.
The fucking bitch
was going to get it in all of her holes They would take
photos of her
sitting in a chair and holding her cunt lips open. They
would sell the 
photos on the internet. "Smile at da camera, bitch. Stretch 
dose pussylips 




open for us!" They would also take photos of her pushing
your tender young
asshole out at the camera, and later more photos of it
after it had been 
freshly fucked for the first time, all puffy and sore with
cum leaking out.
Hot photos. Photos of her sucking on black dick. Two black
dicks, cock leak 
running all over her sweet face.


She was not a dumb girl. She would beg them to at least
use condoms, and 
they would just roar with laughter. At some point, Tyrone
would tell her 
that he was the one who had fucked her sister pregnant. And
now he would do 
it to her. 


And through it all, through the terror and pain,
something about those
gigantic teenage nigger dicks would fascinate and captivate
her. They are
magnificent monsters, aren't they?


In the case of Tina, the boys would get a bit carried
away and stick both
their humongous dicks into her tiny cunt at the same time.
Just for fucking
fun. Her cunt would be horrible stretched and even ripped a
bit. But the 
boys would have a really good time. It was superb to feel
your throbbing
black dick rubbing up right against the cockmeat of a
brother as you both
fucked as deep as you could into the ruptured twat of a
little white 
teenybopper. It was the fucking greatest feeling.


After they finished fucking her, they would call up five
or six of their 
brothers and invite them over to fuck the bitch. After all, 
if she was a 
fucking slut, she couldn't very well point the finger at
any of them. Not 




that she would dare.


 At one point in the party, the nigger teens stood naked
around the sobbing
little white girl, while she just licked from dick to dick,
and the other 
leaked all over her face.


 One of the most powerful forces on earth is black cock.
RESPECT IT. 












Review This Story
 || Email Author:  dale10


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





