BDSM Library - Commander Young's Last Stand




Commander Young's Last Stand
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: An American soldier has been captured in Vietnam and is interrogated with hypnosis by four female intelligence officers of the People�s Army of Vietnam.






Commander Young's Last Stand

(MC MF FD)

By Nialvan
Nialvan@yahoo.co.uk
November 2006


An American soldier has been captured in Vietnam and is interrogated with hypnosis by four female intelligence officers of the People&#8217;s Army of Vietnam.


� 2006&nbsp; Nial Van Haydam

This story is copyrighted material and is the sole property of the author. It is intended for personal use only and may not be reproduced, copied, published, or distributed without the express written consent of the author. All rights reserved.


WARNING:&nbsp; This story is only for those who are aged 18 and older. It contains themes of sexual situations, female dominance, mind control and extreme torture and violence and as such, is not appropriate for minors and those who are easily offended by stories of this nature. If you are not an adult or are easily offended by extreme female domination stories that involves hypnosis, please stop reading this story. For those who would enjoy a story where a woman uses hypnosis to enslave a man, please proceed! 

***

As most of my readers know, I have been writing stories for my Aunt Rani&#8217;s World series, which involves a long running saga of hypnotic Indian beauties who enslave wealthy young men and then fleece them of their wealth.

So far four of these stories have been submitted. I have now decided to try something different for a change. Readers who have enjoyed my Aunt Rani&#8217;s World series, have nothing to fear. I am just taking a break - there are more Aunt Rani&#8217;s World chapters planned.

The following story is about a captured American soldier who had been held captive by the Vietnamese government. They want information regarding his mission, but he has so far been unwilling to co-operate. That is until the Vietnamese intelligence had dispatched four of their sexiest female operatives to interview him. The beautiful women have developed their own interrogation techniques that involve hypnosis ...

****

Once again the following story contains mind control, fantasy violence, female dominance and torture both physical and mental which some readers might find extreme and distressing. The author is not held accountable for any adverse effects to the reader. You have been warned. This story is completely fiction and should be considered a fantasy.

If you enjoy reading this or would like to make suggestions for its sequels or even have constructive criticism, I'd love to hear from you! Please feel free to email me at Nialvan@yahoo.co.uk


****


Prologue

The large office was silent. The room although spacious was simple and modest. It contained a large desk with two chairs either side of it. Sitting in one of the chairs was a mature Vietnamese man in military uniform. General Chin was sixty years of age. He has over forty years of military experience.

Usually a calm and collective man today General Chin's mind was troubled. A few days ago an American helicopter had been spotted in the Vietnamese jungle. A quick search of the area managed to locate two stranded American soldiers. Those damn westerners! They don't seem to leave Vietnam alone.

So far the situation is proving awkward. Firstly he didn't know what they were doing there in the first place. It was obviously some sort of spying mission. That area of the jungle contained a secret base where the Vietnamese government was developing chemical weapons. It was something that the rest of the world didn't know about - and Chin wanted it kept that way.

But is that what the soldiers were trying to infiltrate? Have they seen anything? Where there more of their numbers? Had they have seen anything and escaped? What were the Americans planning next? Would they be demanding their missing soldiers back or would they deny their existence?

They of course will have to deny their existence in order to avoid an international scandal. But then they could easily say that they have infiltrated the jungle because they have hard evidence of the Vietnamese building Illegal weapons. Could that mean that they have picked up satellite images of the base? The questions were endless.

So far his officers have spent the past two days interrogating the Americans. But their efforts have been fruitless. The soldiers were stubborn. It became obvious that they were well trained in captive scenarios. It was as if they were well prepared in the event of being captured and held captive. This further troubled him.

As he was sitting there pondering all the sensitive issues of the complex and problematic circumstances that he found himself in, his concentration was finally broken by a knock on the door. Chin who had his head in his hands, looked up at the large door in front of him. News at last perhaps? Maybe there was some sort of development in this complicated saga.

He straightened himself and tried to look imposing. 'Come in!' he barked in his most authoritative manner.

The door slowly swung open. There stood in the doorway a young officer brandishing a few documents. The young man looked nervous. Chin's heart sank when he saw him - though he didn't show it, at least not outwardly. As a man of his position, he had to be seen focused and composed no matter how difficult the situation. He could tell by the man's face that something was wrong or at the very least they had not been much progress in regards with the captured American soldiers.

'Lieutenant Neug' he said as he fixed the young soldier with a cold gaze. 'Come and sit down'.

Slowly, the young soldier swaggered up to the chair that was opposite Chin and uneasily sat down. The young man placed the papers on the table.

Lieutenant Neug was a young man of twenty-four. This was the officer that reported back to Chin. He was the first mode of contact between him and the officers entrusted to keep charge of the captured American soldiers.

Chin didn't like working with him. It was not that Neug was unlikable, he was actually a nice young man - but that was his problem. He was too nice. He always felt that he was a weak character. He didn't seem to have any steel in him. He lacked that hard edge that most soldiers have. He often wondered how he ever rose to the rank of lieutenant.

Just by looking at Neug's posture as he sat slumped on the chair with his head bowed, Chin knew it was going to be another difficult day.

'Well, do you have anything to report?' asked Chin.

Neug then raised his head slowly. He looked at his superior's face but he was cautious to avoid looking at Chin's eyes as Chin's clinical gaze always made him nervous.

'I am afraid I have nothing further to report' said Neug sadly. 'Our officers have tried everything to get these two Americans to talk but with no luck. They are too stubborn'.

Chin let out a loud sigh that indicated his annoyance and frustration. It made Neug even more uncomfortable.

'This is not what I want to hear Neug' he said sternly. 'This is serious. I must know what these men are up to. For all we know this could cause an international crisis. Do understand what I am saying Neug?'

'Yes General Chin' said Neug.

'Now I want you to return to the camp' said Chin. 'I want our men to get these yanks to talk - and soon. Do you understand?'

'Yes General Chin' said Neug.

'Now go!' he said sternly.

Neug then picked up the papers from the table. However he didn't get up as he was instructed. Chin then looked at him sternly.

'Didn't you hear what I said lieutenant' said Chin angrily. 'We have no time to waste ...'

'Sir..' said Neug interrupting his superior. 'I - I have a suggestion'.

Now Chin's ears were pricking. This was something that came as a shock to him. He couldn't believe what he was hearing. In the two years he had worked with this ill educated and weak oaf this is the first time he had come up with a suggestion.

Since he cut him off while he was talking, it was the first time he ever displayed behavior that was deemed rude and disrespectful. Chin was also not the person that liked to be interrupted, particularly by a subordinate and especially by someone as weak as Neug. But he figured that since it was the first time that Neug had dared to interrupt him in mid-sentence that Neug's suggestion must be a good one, though he remained skeptical.

Still, since there had been no further progress, it was an idea that was worth a listen. And if indeed by some miracle it was a good suggestion he was willing to overlook Neug's rudeness.

Chin looked at Neug incredulously. 'Speak' he uttered.

'It concerns two officers from our scientific elite' said Neug. 

As soon as he heard this, Chin's earlier optimism was shattered. Great! The scientific division of the army. What do those white coated pen pushers want? Chin never had faith in the military scientific elite, regarding them as a complete waste of time. Still he was willing let Neug continue as he had nothing better to do.

'It had just been brought to my attention that Major Thora and her assistant Captain Kim had developed an advance and unique technique in interrogating captive soldiers that involves hypnosis' said Neug.

Now this news made Chin feel a bit indifferent. Hypnosis. Another pointless activity that only the scientific division could dream up. He never had any belief in the effectiveness of hypnosis.

However the mere mention of the names of Major Thora and Captain Kim is enough to make Chin sit up and take notice. He had always been apprehensive when it comes to the women's role in the army. To western ears this would seem sexist, although he would prefer to see himself as a traditionalist.

Despite this, he was force to admit that he had a certain admiration for these lady officers. He always considered them to be good soldiers. They were certainly the only members of the scientific elite that he respected. And they were a further reason why he found Neug a total embarrassment as they were far more trustworthy and effective than he would ever be.

'Admittedly these procedures are at an experimental stage' continued Neug. 'But Dr. Thora, Dr. Kim and the rest of the scientific elite are hopeful of its effectiveness. I therefore recommend its use. But it would require your authorisation'.

Chin thought for a moment and then nodded in agreement. It was worth a try. He had no other sane plans and the pressure was on him as he was running out of options. Besides he fully trusted Major Thora and Captain Kim.

'I just need your signature' said Neug as he passed a sheet of paper to Chin.

With renewed belief, Chin signed the official document authorising the use of Major Thora's and Captain Kim's experiments. The stage was now set ...


Chapter One: The beautiful interrogators

The young soldier was hanging by his hands from the walls of an empty room. His hands were chained to the walls and he was exhausted. The room was eerie. It was completely empty and was completely white. There was nothing in the room. No tables or chairs. There were even no windows, just a door.

The whole room was white. The floor tiles were white, the wall tiles were white and even the ceiling was painted white.

Commander Adam Young was 25. He had joined the army when he was just seventeen. He had been a good soldier. The previous year he had been promoted by American intelligence to the &#8216;1st Special Forces Operational Detachment-Delta&#8217;, better known to the general public as &#8216;Delta Force&#8217; - the US special forces elite that specialise in secret operations in enemy lines. He had just been embarking on his first covert operation - and what a complete disaster that turned out to be!

He was hoping to make an impression on his first mission, and thus gain the respects of his superiors and fellow soldiers, but he had been captured along with his partner Captain Stephen Ryder. He had no fears regarding his colleague, as Ryder was an experienced operative.

Still at least he can take comfort in two things. Firstly he could blame the crew of the helicopter that dropped him in the jungle as they were too blatantly visible and secondly despite being captured he did at least didn't give away any details of his mission, in spite of two days of unimaginable torture.

Now all he had to do is wait - wait for his captors to make their next move. The worst they can do to him is kill him, but at least he will die a hero and his family, friends and the country he loved would be proud of him

The torture he had experienced for the past few days had made him very weak, but he still didn&#8217;t give anything away. He was highly trained to deal with situations such as this.

After hours of silence Adam heard heavy footsteps. The door open and four figures entered. Adam's vision was blurry. At first he could just make out that they were soldiers. When he blinked and focused again he realised that these were not ordinary soldiers. They were women!

Adam then blinked again as his vision became clearer. He now noticed that there was something unusual about these female soldiers. All four was dressed identically. From the top half they seemed dressed in ordinary military garb. All four had black military caps and green shirts with red trimming - the standard Vietnamese military uniform.

But below the waist it was a different matter. Their military attire was unorthodox to say the least. All four women were wearing very small and tight black shorts - not so different to hot pants. Their beautiful well toned shapely legs were on display. Their footwear consisted of vicious looking and yet sexy black knee lengths high heeled boots.

At first Adam couldn't believe what he was seeing. He thought for moment and reasoned that the trauma of his recent incarceration and torture had caused him to hallucinate. He had to blink a few times before he realised that his mind wasn't playing tricks on him. The sexy women were still there!

The four women stood and stared at him for about a minute. This gave Adam a short while to study them in detail. The two females in the centre seemed somewhat mature. They look about in their mid-thirties. The two females either side of the mature women looked about in their early twenties.

From the insignia on their shirts and the trimming on their caps, Adam figured that the elder women were of higher military rank. The two younger females seemed to be lowly officers. All four women had their hair tied up in buns, all except one of the elder ladies who had her hair cut short. All were heavily made up in pink painted lips and blue eye shadow. All four women looked incredibly sexy. The short haired female was carrying a small case.

Adam's cock slightly twitched at the sight of the beautiful military girls. He wondered why they were dressed in this way. Then he realised. Ah of course - sexual persuasion! So that is their game. The NVA had tried all kinds of things to get him to talk and now they are using the sex appeal of their most alluring female operatives in an effort to get him to sing but - thought Adam - they won't succeed.

Under different circumstances Adam would have done anything to chat up either one of these girls. But of course under the present condition that he found himself in, he was not that foolish. He was highly trained in dealing with anything the enemy throws at him. Admittedly this was something different, but nothing he can't handle - or so he thought.


Chapter Two: The stubborn soldier

The women looked at the wretched man disdainfully. One of the elder females was standing a few paces in front. Adam figured that this woman was the highest of the ranks and hence the leader of the group. She turned her head from side to side giving sharp glimpses at the two young lowly officers on either side of her and the other mature female soldier. She gave a nod and the two young soldiers then walked up to the chained young man and stood either side of him.

The two elder ladies then walked up to the chained soldier until they were face to face. There was a pause before the 'lead' female spoke for the first time.

'Greetings American' she said disdainfully. 'I am Major Thora and this is my comrade Captain Kim. Standing next to you are Privates Huyn and Minh and we will be keeping you company for the rest of the day'.

'Thank you' said Adam cheekily. 'And a very good evening to you all!'

Adam could tell by their disdainful faces that all four women were not taken in by his insolent behaviour. Captain Kim then raised her hand and then slapped him hard on his face. Adam winced.

'You shall speak only when you are spoken to' said Major Thora. 'Now who are you?'

'Commander Adam Young, 9612968' said Adam.

'And what are you doing here?' said Thora.

'I am only permitted to give my name, rank and number and nothing more' said Adam.

Major Thora looked at Captain Kim. Captain Kim once again raised her hand and delivered another hard stinging slap to his Adam's face.

'Once again, what are you doing here?' said Major Thora.

'I am afraid I can't answer that question' said Adam.

Major Thora then looked at him and smiled. She then rested her hands on his shoulders. Slowly her hands begun to trail down his shirt. She then began to slowly and sensually unbutton his shirt buttons - all the time smiling at him seductively.

Adam stared at her as she unbuttoned the top two buttons of his shirt. Then without warning she grabbed the sides of his shirt and ripped it open, exposing his chest. This sudden movement caused Adam to wince in shock.

Major Thora then begun to run her fingers across his body in a seductive manner. Her touch was heavenly. Adam knew what her game was and, even though she was very beautiful and he would have loved to have had sex with her, he was determined to prove to her that whatever devious plan she had in her scheming mind, it wasn't going to work.

'You have a very nice body' she cooed as she runs her fingers across his chest.

'Thank you' said Adam.

'Now tell me what you are doing here?' said Thora seductively.

'I am afraid that is classified information' said Adam.

As soon as he said this, Adam noticed Thora's eyes blaze with anger. She then dug her nails into his chest and pulled her hand down tearing at his flesh and delivering a deep scratch.&nbsp; Adam then winced with pain and let out a strangled groan.

'You will tell me' she seethed in anger. 'What are you doing here?'

'I can't answer that question' said Adam.

'You mean you are unwilling to answer that question' said Thora in anger. 'I will show you how we deal with insolence in my country'.

Thora then raised her right knee and brought it forward, her kneecap connecting sharply with Adam's groin. Adam then gasped as the wind was knocked out of him. His head then dropped as he winced in agony.

Huyn then gripped his hair with her right hand and yanked his head back so that he was facing Major Thora's gaze. Minh's right hand also gripped his chin so that his head was steady. Major Thora stared at him venomously.

'You will tell us' said Thora sternly. 'We have many ways of making you talk'.

'I am sure you do' said Adam. 'But may I remind you Major of the international law in treating prisoners and that the fact that I am a high ranking soldier of the American army'.

'I could tell you that since you have entered my country illegally and engaged in activities that are a threat to my people, you have therefore forfeited your right to be treated fairly' said Major Thora. 'But I am not going to'.

Adam looked at the beautiful Vietnamese lady as she continued her discussion.

'Firstly international law doesn't apply within Vietnamese territory since the West has ostracised us from the rest of the world' said Thora disdainfully. 'Secondly you may be a high ranking soldier in your country but within Vietnamese territory you are nothing. You are not only lower in rank to my privates, but you are lower in status to any of our citizens. As a matter of fact you are lower in status to any living thing within our country. Even lower than a worm or a slug'.


Chapter Three: The evils of the imperialist West

Adam begun to get worried about what she told him. He could see that she was gripped in some kind of mania. She seemed more menacing than all of the male soldiers that had interrogated him earlier.

'We hate all westerners as we believe they are inferior' continued Thora. 'You have tried to defeat us in the Vietnam War but we have defeated you instead and we will defeat you again'.

'Look I have great respect for the North Vietnamese Army but ...'

Before Adam could finish his sentence Captain Kim then slapped him hard on the face and Major Thora again kneed him in the nuts. Once again Adam winced in pain. Private Huyn once again gripped his hair and yanked his head back. She was rougher than before as his head bashed against the wall.

Adam could tell by looking at Huyn's face that this was no accident. Her face was a mask of anger. As before Private Minh's right hand was gripping his chin. Unlike before where her hand was supporting his head, she was actually gripping it roughly. She too had a look of disdain etched at her face.

Adam also noticed that both Thora and Kim were looking at him venomously. He gulped as he became aware that he must have said something that was insulting as all four women were deeply offended.

'How dare you refer to our proud army by that insulting term' said Captain Kim. 'We are the &#8216;People's Army of Vietnam&#8217;'.

It was the first time he heard Kim speak. Up until then it was Thora that did all the talking. It is true that America always refer to the Vietnamese army as the North Vietnamese Army (NVA) - a term that most Vietnamese people find offensive as they prefer to be known as the People's Army of VietNam (PAVM).

'You westerners continued to refer to us, as two separate countries, but we are one' added Thora. 'You tried to separate us, but you have failed'.

Adam shivered as both Huyn and Minh brought their head forward sandwiching his own head.

'You may have separated our comrades in Korea' whispered Huyn into Adam's ear as she continued to dig her nails into his flesh. 'But you will never divide our beautiful country. And one day we will help our comrades in Korea unite into a single communist republic'.

'You western countries all same' whispered Minh as her fingers trailed from his chest until it rested on his groin. 'You preached freedom and yet you divide and enslave other nations'.

It was the first time that Adam heard the two privates speak. They had been quiet all this time, obediently following the orders of their superiors. For them to finally break their silence, must have been over something that distressed them greatly.

Minh then dug her nails into Adam's groin and squeezed his balls. Adam then let out a scream. His face was awarded another hard slap, though not from Kim, but from Major Thora herself.

'Shut up' she barked. 'There is no point screaming. No one will hear you and no one will care. Now are you going to tell us everything we need to know?'

Adam remained silent. Minh then squeezed his balls harder and Adam let out a strangled groan.


Chapter Four: Under Major Thora's hypnotic spell

Thora and Kim then exchanged glances. To them it looked like they are not progressing further with the American. This however was expected. They knew now that it was time for the 'experiment'.

Thora nodded and Kim then picked up the small case that was at her feet. Minh and Huyn then walked up to Kim. Kim opened the case and Minh took out a strange device. It was a black box which had some buttons and a dial. There were two wires hanging out of it which ended in clamps.

Huyn and Minh then attached the clamps to Adam's forehead. Both women then returned to their previous positions of standing either side of the captive American. Huyn then gripped Adam's hair and yanked it up while her free hand was pushing at his chest. Minh meanwhile was holding the strange device.

Thora then looked at Minh and nodded. Minh then pressed one of the buttons on the device and a strange humming sound was heard. Adam felt a ringing sound inside his head which made him feel uncomfortable. Minh then begun to turn the dial. As she turned the dial, the ringing sound intensified causing Adam's head to ache.

Captain Kim then took out a mirror from her belt and held it up. The light from the room caught the surface of the mirror, making it shine. The glint from the mirror then caught Adam's eyes making him blink.

'Concentrate on the mirror' commanded Thora.

Bizarrely Thora's words seemed to echo in Adam's head. Adam figured it had to do with the ringing sound that the box was emitting. Despite this Adam found himself obeying. He began to stare at the light from the mirror. He blinked a few times at first, but soon found himself transfixed to the mirror.

'As you stare into the mirror, you will notice that it is emitting rays of light that is seeping into your brain' said Thora. 'The rays are entering your head and cleansing your brain. It is cleansing your brain of all your resistance. You must surrender your resistance. You must surrender your resistance to the mirror'.

Thora then nodded to Minh, and Minh then turned the dial again. The humming in Adam's head is now more violent. Adam winced in agony. It felt like his mind was melting. It felt like his head was about to explode. He could almost feel the rays of the mirror sucking up the resistance from his brain.

'Concentrate on the mirror' commanded Thora.

Despite the pain he was in, Adam did as what he was ordered.

'You are alone. You are so alone. You are so lonely' said Thora. 'No one wants you. Your country had betrayed you and disowned you. They have used you. You are in a foreign land and you have no friends. No one loves you. Not even your family. And the people you thought were your friends have been deceiving you for their own needs. Only we can help you'.

All four cruel women were smiling evilly enjoying their victim's torment. For Thora and Kim they were particularly pleased. Their latest experiment seemed to be working.

For the past year they have been experimenting with human emotions. They have found a way to record human emotions and store them in the form of electronic impulses. The stored emotions can then be implanted into any subject and that subject will experience these emotions.

And that is exactly what Adam is experiencing at present. The evil and beautiful Vietnamese ladies have stored certain emotions which they have recorded from imprisoned criminals who were having psychological problems. The emotions were stored electronically into the device that Private Minh was holding.

They have spent the past few months recording these emotions from imprisoned prisoners. The emotions that were stored in the box were recorded from prisoners that had suffered from claustrophobia, depression, isolation and paranoia. All these emotions are being pumped into Adam's brain in the form of electronic impulses and all these emotions are being experienced by Adam.

Adam begun to shiver violently and he became very scared. His will was now diminishing. He felt so lonely and unloved. He felt so depressed. His sense of loyalty is deserting him as he wasn't sure who to trust anymore. Huyn was holding him tightly as Adam shook uncontrollably.

Thora then looked at Minh and gave her subordinate a nod. Minh then switched off the machine. Adam then stopped shaking. His head was spinning as his mind felt like it was turned to jelly.

Huyn then removed the clamps from his head. Minh then handed the device back to Kim who put it back in the case along with the mirror. Kim then took out a syringe. The syringe was full to brim with a strange blue liquid. Before Adam could even give a reaction, Huyn once again gripped his hair and yanked his head back. Both she and Minh then gripped him tightly to prevent him from struggling - not that he was about too, as his resistance was now sapped out of him.

Kim then approached her prey menacingly with the needle pointed right at his chest.

'W-What are you doing' he stammered in fear.

'Just try and relax' said Kim as she plunged the needle into his chest. 'We are injecting you with a special mind altering drug that will make you suggestible so you will be defenceless against our suggestions'.

Kim then pressed down the plunger as the strange blue liquid entered into Adam's body. Adam then felt funny as his body then dropped. It felt like that all his nerves had gone gooey.

Within a few seconds the liquid had entered into his system and had made its way into his weak and deteriorating brain. His mind then felt like it was swimming. For once he felt momentarily blissful.

All four women were smiling as they could see by the expression on his face that their plan was working.

Thora then took a step closer and begun to unbutton the top buttons of her shirt. She opened the top of her shirt slightly exposing her cleavage. For a Vietnamese lady, Thora has got large breasts.

'Now I want you to focus on my breasts' cooed Thora seductively as Huyn yanked his head back so that he had a good look at Thora's tits. 'That's right keep staring at them. You know you want to. Just stare deeply at my breasts and get yourself lost into the dark passage of my cleavage'.


Chapter Five: Thora enslaves Adam with hypnosis

Captain Kim smiled as she noticed a tent like shape forming in Adam's trousers. She looked at Privates Huyn and Minh and then gave them a nod. The elegant hands of the sexy privates then begun to make their way to his groinal area.

'Keep staring down the depths of my cleavage' cooed Thora as she thrust her breasts towards him. 'You are in a foreign land and you have been abandoned by your people. Do you understand an accept this?'

'Yes Major Thora' droned Adam as his mind became transfixed at Thora's breasts.

Minh's hand his now pulling down at Adam's trouser zippers, while Huyn's fingers were struggling to unbuckle his belt.

'No one likes you, not even us - but we are all that you have' cooed Thora throatily. 'Do you understand an accept this?'

'Yes Major Thora' drooled Adam as his mind begun to melt.

'We are willing to accept you - but only us our slave' said Thora sexily. 'Do you understand an accept this?'

'Yes Major Thora' chanted Adam in monotone.

'And are you willing to become our slave?' asked Thora.

'Yes Major Thora' droned Adam, suddenly feeling alone and wanting to belong to someone. 'With all my heart'.

'Mistress Thora' corrected Thora. 'If you want to be our slave you will refer to each of us as 'Mistress''.

'Yes Mistress Thora' droned Adam, correcting his earlier error.

At this point both Huyn and Minh have succeeded in yanking down his trousers. Both giggling girls were delighted to see his cock spring out and salute their superior officer.

'If you want to be our slave then you must learn to obey us' continued Thora.&nbsp; 'Do you understand and accept this slave?'

'Yes Mistress Thora' drooled Adam.

'And are you willing to obey us?' asked Thora.

'Yes Mistress Thora' said Adam. 'Please tell me what I must do'.

'You must tell us everything what we want to know, regarding your mission and any other US secrets' said Thora sternly. 'You must answer all of our questions without hesitation. Do you understand and accept this slave?'

'Yes Mistress Thora' chanted Adam in monotone.

'Keep staring at my breasts!' said Thora sternly. 'Every lustful thought you have of us will make you more submissive to us. Do you understand and accept this slave?'

'Yes Mistress Thora' droned Adam as his mind became to melt further at the sight of the beautiful Vietnamese lady's cleavage.

Huyn then took hold of Adam's cock and begun to stroke it while Minh begun to fondle and play with his balls.

'We own and control your brain' said Thora venomously. 'Your mind is our property. Your thoughts are our thoughts. Do you understand and accept this slave?'

'Yes Mistress Thora' droned Adam.

'I will command your mind to send signals to your cock for it to become erect' said Thora. 'But I shall put a block in your brain, to prevent it from sending signals to your cock to enable it to ejaculate. Do you understand and accept this slave?'

'Yes Mistress Thora' drooled Adam.

'No matter how much we excite you, no matter how hard we masturbate you, you will not ejaculate' said Thora. 'Do you understand and accept this slave?'

'Yes Mistress Thora' droned Adam as Huyn's stroking begun to increase by another notch.


Chapter Six: The questioning begins

Adam would have certainly had spunked up by now, but his cock isn't firing because of the block in his brain that was inserted into it by Thora. This was also beginning to frustrate him, making him more defenceless and vulnerable.

'Now you will answer my questions' said Thora. 

Captain Kim then took out a tape recorder from the case and switched it on. She placed the machine close to Adam's face as Thora begun her interrogation. Huyn's stroking also begun to increase in speed.

'What are you doing here?' asked Thora.

'I am on a mission' said Adam.

'What is your mission' asked Thora.

'To investigate the possibility of the existence of military bases that produces chemical and nuclear weapons' responded Adam.

'Why are your people embarking on this mission?' asked Thora.

'We believe we have sufficient evidence of the existence of such a base' said Adam. 'I was sent to verify this evidence'.

'And how did you obtained this evidence?' asked Thora as Huyn&#8217;s stroking became more frantic.

'The source came from British Intelligence' said Adam.

'And have you found anything in the jungle?' asked Thora.

'I have found a base' said Adam. 'But I am not sure of the purpose of the base'.

'Did your comrades in the helicopter see this base? asked Thora.

'No they didn't' said Adam. 'Their orders were to drop me and Steve in the area and leave us. If we completed our mission successfully we will send them a homing signal. If our fellow soldiers didn't receive this signal within 24 hours they are to abandon us and assume that we are killed or captured'.

'What can you tell us about the new long range intercontinental ballistic missile that America is developing' said Thora.

'I .. I ..' Adam struggled to let out the words of this piece of sensitive information.

This is the US's most recent and secret weapon. He had been told to guard this secret at all costs. And for a brief few seconds his mind was rebelling. But any form of resistance was completely eradicated by Huyn's stroking which was now out of control.

'Project Lonestrike' said Adam, his face converting in a mask that indicated reluctance. 'It is a MIRV project that we have been working on for the past two years - a joint venture with the British ...'

As Adam continued to give up sensitive information all four women were smiling. This was an unexpected bonus to them. 

The Vietnamese government had heard via their allies that the Americans were developing a long range intercontinental ballistic missile. The Vietnamese government has only had vague reports of this top secret project and wished to know more about this powerful weapon.

The four women had already achieved their aim to discover the mission of the captive American soldier. The information that they were milking out of his mind at present was a bonus - one that would add a few more brownie points with General Chin.


Chapter Seven: Thora reduces Adam's mind to jelly

For the next four hours Adam was interrogated about other secrets, as the four cruel ladies drained his mind for the pursuit of valuable information that will aid their country and gain insight into the progress of their enemies.

Question after question was asked again and again and at times the same question was re-asked for the sake of clarity. Relentless interrogation and manipulation of his cock had completely eroded his mind.

Adam Young now no longer exist. The young captive American soldier had ceased to function as a human being. He is now a machine, an organic robot that obeys the will of the merciless Vietnamese seductresses that had ensnared and enslaved him and damaged his mind.

Soon everything that was relevant to their questioning has been duplicated from his brain into Captain Kim's tape machine.

Captain Kim then switched off her machine as Minh and Huyn begun to unshackle their prisoner on Major Thora's instructions. Once released from his bonds the suppressed enemy then fell to the floor.

Thora now felt it was safe for Adam to be unshackled as he is now deeply in their control.

All four women looked down at the cowering form of the pathetic soldier whom they reduced to a gibbering wretch and smiled evilly. Thora then clicked her fingers and croaked her index finger upwards, indicating to the mindless zombie to rise. Adam rose. Thora then clicked her fingers and pointed to the ground and Adam knelt down. Thora again clicked her fingers and ordered him to rise, which he did and she again ordered him to kneel.

Thora continued this 'game' for a few minutes, getting him to rise and kneel at will. The women were now laughing at his plight. For Adam's part as he rose up and down he tried hard to resist their commands but for some reason he had forgotten what resistance is.

For Adam's tormentors their work had just finished. Now it is time for fun and games. They had everything they need from him. And now he is there to do what they wished.

And since all four women were merciless sadists with an intense hatred of westerners, in particular of Americans, they were going to make sure that he suffers as much as possible. They were determined not to show him any mercy.


Chapter Eight: The cigarette break

When Thora grew bored of her little game, she made him kneel before their boots. Minh then took some things out from her belt pack and dropped it on the floor. Adam saw that it was a packet of cigarettes and a lighter.

'You will now offer each of us a cigarette and you will light it for us' said Captain Kim.

'Yes Mistress Kim' droned Adam.

He picked up the cigarette packet and opened it. Arms outstretched with the open packet of cigarettes he offered each of his hecklers a cigarette. As each cruel jezebel took a stick out of the cigarette box, Adam would light the cigarettes.

As soon as each stick was lit, each of the cruel but sexy Vietnamese women would suck on the butt deeply and exhale a cloud of smoke into his face. Adam inadvertently inhaled some of the smoke and it made him dizzy.

When all four women cigarettes were lit, Huyn ordered Adam on all fours. She then walked up to him and sat astride his back, just like a rider would sit on a horse. Smoking her cigarette with her right hand, she used her free hand to grip his hair and yank it back, tilting his head upwards so he is facing Huyn's fellow soldiers.

Huyn ordered him to open his mouth and the wretched man did as what he was ordered. The four femme fatales then used his mouth as an ashtray, flicking ash into his open mouth and ordering him to swallow it.

Occasionally they would blow smoke into his face and order him to inhale it. Once inhaled, the smoke would enter his brain and cloud all of his thoughts shutting off his senses and causing him to feel more disorientated.

Finally all four women then extinguished their cigarettes by stumping it out on his tongue and making him swallow it. The pain was excruciating, but he did as he was ordered and he was unable to disobey. The more he tried hard to disobey the cruel sirens the more his brain ached and his submissiveness seemed to increased ten fold. In the end he just gave up fighting them.


Chapter Nine: The cruel ladies torture and dehumanise their captive

For the next two hours the four sexy but brutal beauties physically and mentally tortured him. They whipped him, slapped him, punched and spat at him. They kicked him and trampled him with their heavy boots.

All the time they were doing this, they called him every name under the sun as they spat out their hatred of him. They told him that, like all Americans, he was worthless and that he was an abomination and that he was sub human. They made him feel ashamed of his American heritage - a heritage that he was once proud of.

The four cruel ladies were all experts when it came to inflicting mental torture and had broken and dispirited many a man and had reduced them to mental wrecks in past. Adam was no different. Their sole aim was to dehumanise him and reduce him to a status of a worthless slug - fit only to be crushed beneath their boots.

Such was their conditioning of his mind, that Adam believed every word that the merciless seductresses told him. He really believed he was worthless and a freak of nature. He was totally crestfallen as his spirit was broken.

Soon Adam lay at the boots of the sexy she-devils that ruined him. He lay there covered in weals and totally demoralised. He was again ordered to get up and present himself as the cruel ladies lit up more cigarettes.

Adam then rose and faced the bloodthirsty beauties that were exhaling their cigarettes in a suggestive manner. Even though they meant him harm he no longer cared as he recognised them as superior beings to himself. Despite their cruelty towards him, he loved and respected all four beauties. He now only lived to assist them in anyway he can - and that includes selling out the country that he once loved and believed in.

As before they begun to use his mouth as an ashtray, only this time they also tortured his cock and balls with their cigarettes. They all took great pleasure in burning his cockhead. Adam was screaming as the four evil tigresses laughed at his sad plight. The heartless beauties had no sympathy or compassion for him whatsoever.

When they had finished smoking their cigarettes, they ordered him to lie on his back. The vixens then threw their still burning cigarette butts on his chest. All four women then began to extinguish their cigarettes by stepping on the lit sticks and grinding it slowly from side to side with their boots. The pain was unbearable for Adam, but the torture delighted his tormentors.

The women then begun to stamp on his chest causing him more pain, as they pretended to put out their cigarettes, knowing full well that it had already been extinguished.

When they got bored with stamping on his stomach, the ladies then kicked away the flatten butts onto the floor. Adam was then ordered to lick up the cigarette ends and swallow it.

As he sucked up the cigarette butts, Captain Kim placed her heavy boot on his head and pressed down, forcing his face onto the floor and making his task even more difficult. The four Vietnamese ladies all laughed. They just loved to see him struggle.


Chapter Ten: Adam is made to apologise for crimes against Thora's people

When all the four cigarette butts were eaten he was once again made to kneel before the beautiful vixens as they pondered what to do with him next.

Minh then suggested that he should be made to confess and apologise for his crimes against their people. Her three comrades thought it was a great idea.

Before he was made to do just that, Kim took out her tape recorder from her case. She took out the tape that contained all the secrets that they recorded from Adam when they questioned him and replaced it with a blank tape. She then hit the record button.

This was to be a personal tape that will serve as an amusement of all four ladies when they have completed their interrogation of their subject. They find nothing more pleasing than a western animal apologising for the crimes committed against their beloved nation by western countries.

When everything was ready, the evil Asian beauties then called Adam over.

Adam then crawled up to the boots of Private Minh and kissed them as the cruel but beautiful Vietnamese lady looked down on him coldly.

'Please forgive me o&#8217; heavenly Mistress Minh. I confessed to the evil crime of being an American and therefore recognise myself as sub human. I realise now that I am the lowest form of life and that I not even worthy of being in your presence. I humbly beg your forgiveness and the forgiveness of the citizens of your country'.

Private Minh gave him a stern look and Adam quickly then crawled to the boots of Private Huyn.

'Please forgive me, o&#8217; beautiful Mistress Huyn' said Adam as he kissed Huyn's boots in submission. 'I confess for committing the unforgivable act of spying on your peace loving country. I realise now that I have been acting on a government that threatens world peace, I hope the information that I have supplied will be beneficial to your country and I hope it will bring down the rogue government which sent me to undermine your beautiful country'.

Private Huyn looked at him disdainfully before kicking him away. Adam was sad. Both privates had not forgiven him. He now realised that his crimes were unforgivable and he was ashamed. He then crawled to the boots of Captain Kim.

'Please forgive me supreme Mistress Kim' said Adam as he respectably kissed Captain Kim's boots. 'I thank you for showing me the error of my ways. I realise now that I am a product of American imperialism. I now come to understand the evils of Capitalism. I now believe the Communist regime is the future of our world. I hope the peace loving people of North Korea will educated the misguided people of South Korea and that Korea would be united under a communist republic. I also hope that the great countries of Vietnam, Korea and China will educate the world on the fair system of communism, in which everyone is treated equally and greed is eliminated'.

The sexy and beautiful short haired Vietnamese lady looked down haughtily at the pathetic creature that knelt before her in total submission. Suddenly she opened her mouth and spat at him. The spit landed on his face. Adam then wiped off the spit with his hands, shame engulfing his body. Captain Kim had also been unsympathetic towards him. He then crawled over to Major Thora's boots. She was his last hope of seeking repentance.

'Please forgive me Mistress Thora' he said as he kissed her boots with passion. 'O' beautiful and noble Mistress Thora, as leader of your group only you alone can convince your comrades of how sincere I am in my admission of guilt. I beg of you to forgive me of my crimes and the crimes that my government has committed against your peaceful loving country. The fact that you have defeated my country in war in the past is proof of your country's superiority. I have now renounced my allegiance to the war mongering country that I foolishly believed in and I now wish to repent. Please forgive me'.

Adam then looked up at Thora as she looked coldly at him. He could see in her cold and unforgiving eyes that even she had no sympathy for him. He now felt lonely and unwanted and begun to sob.

Captain Kim then pointed to the tape recorder. Private Huyn then went to the tape recorder and switched it off. She took the tape out of the machine and discreetly placed it in her belt back. Like her comrades she didn't want this tape falling into the wrong hands as it was strictly unofficial. This was one recording that even the demanding and overbearing General Chin will not hear! After packing away the tape machine, she then rejoined her fellow operatives.


Chapter Eleven: The Vietnamese sirens make Adam clean their boots

The four women then looked down on the pathetic man that was groveling in front of them. Thora noticed that her boots was dirty and ordered Adam to clean it with his tongue. Adam begun to lick her boots. He licked up all the dirt from her uppers and the filth and cigarette ash from the soles of her footwear. He even sucked on her heels.

When he had finished, Thora examined the results. She was not pleased with the cleanliness of her footwear and kicked him hard in the ribs causing him to let out a strangled cry. She ordered him to reclean her boots. Adam did what he was commanded. He was more thorough than before as he licked harder.

Soon both boots begun to shine and Thora was pleased with the results. He was ordered to do the same with the boots of her comrades. Adam started on Kim's boots and then followed it by licking Huyn's boots. Soon he was finally licking at Minh's dirty boots.

When he finished cleaning Minh's boots, Adam could then see that all four saliva coated boots were gleaming like mirrors. Adam could even see his empty expressionless face reflected off them. Minh then kicked him hard in the face and he went flying. He landed on his back in a heap.


Chapter Twelve: Thora allows Adam to ejaculate

All four women then circled his wrecked body like a horde of sharks. Then they stopped. Minh and Huyn, who was standing either side of his broken body, then rested their right boots on either side of his chest. Kim who was standing near his head placed the sole of her boot on his forehead.

Thora who was at his feet then placed the sole of her right boot on his groin, squashing and flattening his penis.

'Look at me' said Thora.

Even though Kim was pressing down on his head with her boots, Adam could see Thora towering over him.

'I shall now remove the block in your brain that prevents your brain from sending signals to your penis, allowing it to ejaculate' said Thora. 'From now on, you are permitted to ejaculate, when you feel aroused and are experiencing orgasm'.

With that Thora then begun to move her foot frantically back and forth in a rhythmic fashion.&nbsp; As she did this her heel kept ramming into Adam's testicles causing him severe pain. Despite this, his cock begun to stiffen as he became aroused.

It didn't take long for him to shoot his load. His balls were already heavy with semen, as he had been unable to spunk up earlier. Now jet after jet of sperm begun to shoot out of his swollen and scarred cockhead like a cannon.

Soon Thora's right boot was covered in Adam's cream as Adam was spent. He lay there panting. Thora and Kim then exchanged positions. Kim's right boot know rested on Adam's deflated cock, while Thora thrushes her dripping boot onto Adam's mouth and commanded him to lick it squeaky clean.

Adam did what he was commanded and started licking up his own sperm - a tribute he had earlier ejaculated in reverence to the sexy Vietnamese ladies he worshiped

Soon Major Thora's boot was once more in pristine condition. She then rested her foot on his forehead.


Chapter Thirteen: Adam's demise

Major Thora looked down on the pathetic young man lying before her and smiled evilly.

'I hope you enjoyed that' she said with an evil grin. 'It is an act of mercy on our part as it is customary for us to give our prisoners one last pleasure, before we say goodbye forever'.

Adam was shocked and confused by what Thora had told him. What did she meant by 'one last pleasure'?

'I don't understand' he said. 'What is going to happen now?'

'We have already interrogated your comrade' said Minh. 'He revealed that he is working on a secret project with the British. We believe this involves Project Lonestrike. We want to infiltrate this operation and learn more about it, so we reprogrammed him. He will report back to your government explaining that the British source that formed the basis of your mission is false and that there are no nuclear or chemical bases in our country and that you have been killed by enemy fire. It is perfect and no one will ever suspect'.

'Your comrade is still of some use to us' continued Huyn. 'He can report back to us from within London. He is our eyes and ears within western intelligence. The information he will supply about Project Lonestrike and other miltary secrets will be invaluable to our country and our allies. But we have all the information that we need from you and now your usefulness is over. You are now obsolete'.

Adam was now frightened. He didn't like the route this conversation is taking.

'S-So what is going to happen to me now?' he stammered.

'Well we have no further use of you and it is obvious that you are too dangerous to return back to your country, and since you are now dispensable
and of no further importance, there is only one solution' said Thora chillingly.

Thora smiled evilly as she removed her boot from his forehead. Just then both Minh and Huyn begun to put pressure on their boots, as they pinned him to the floor with their footwear. It was obvious that they didn't want him to move. Both were smiling wickedly.

Adam could also see Kim towering over him. Her smile was cold. He noticed Kim taking something from her belt pack. She pointed the device at his head. To his horror he realised he was staring at the barrel of a gun. Adam just had time to hear a squeak as Captain Kim squeezed the trigger.

***

It was night time and the compound was dark. Lieutenant Neug was standing next to a truck. The compound was an acre wide and was enclosed by a tall barb wired fence. In the middle of the compound was a small white building block.

Neug looked at the white block. This is where the second American is being held. Neug had earlier drove Major Thora and her three colleagues over there. He wondered what they were doing in there. He had driven them there in the evening. It is now almost midnight.

Neug was annoyed about having to eat his dinner from the truck. Neug then reached for his pocket and took out a packet of cigarettes. He placed one of the sticks in his mouth and was about to light it, when he suddenly heard a loud report.

For a brief second there was chaos as the noise echoed across the compound. Neug heard the screeching of animals and the fluttering of wings as the birds flew out of the trees in alarm.

So sudden and loud was the noise that in the confusion, he too panicked and dropped his cigarette.


Chapter Fourteen: The sexy executioners have no sympathy or regrets

All four women looked down at the lifeless and mangled body on the floor - the end result of their brutal and merciless handiwork.

None of the cruel ladies had any regrets or any sympathy for the young man they have just eliminated. Their only regret was that they wished that they had more time to make him suffer more before they executed him. They would have done so had they had not been pushed for time.

All four women had enjoyed their work and had experienced some form of orgasm when they were torturing him.

Major Thora looked down disdainfully at the body. She kicked the carcass hard in disgust before departing the room. Captain Kim also looked down haughtily at their suppressed victim. She spat venomously at the body, before she too departed.

Private Huyn and Private Minh also looked down contemptibly at the wretched corpse for a brief second before departing the room without giving it a second look. To them it was as if it was just the carcass of a worthless animal.


Epilogue

At long last Neug saw the women emerge from the building block. All four of them had satisfied smiles. Neug looked at the women as they approached him.

'What happened in there?' he asked in alarm.

'A successful interrogation lieutenant' said Major Thora. 'Something your men are unable to do these days. When interrogating prisoners, one must be thorough and above all ruthless'.

'You can tell General Chin, that he has nothing to fear' added Captain Kim. 'The operation is a success and we shall be submitting our report soon'.

'And the report will have a few surprises' added Major Thora, as she remembered the information obtained about Project Lonestrike.

'What am I going to do with the American?' asked Neug.

'Er ... nothing much' said Captain Kim with an evil grin, that also drew cruel smiles from her comrades.

'I don&#8217;t understand' said Neug in confused tones.

'I am afraid the American didn't survive our interrogation' said Major Thora. 'But fear not, he was of no further use to us as we have all the information that was required of him. Order HQ to order a body removal team to dispose of the body'.

'Yes Major Thora' said Neug respectably.

Thora gave Neug a disdainful look before heading off for the truck. She had always disliked Neug. She had always considered men weak, but Neug takes the biscuit. Even though she didn't want to admit it to herself, she felt that he was weaker than the American she had just dispatched.

The four women then entered the truck. Private Minh was at the wheel. She turned on the ignition and the truck then roared to life and begun to drive off, leaving Neug to contact HQ via his radio.

The End ...

Or is it ... Anyone for a sequel?!



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Nial Van Haydam


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





