BDSM Library - Butcher




Butcher
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: An extremely sadistic man lures, rapes, and eventually kills women who are naive enough to be drawn in by his charms. Extremely violent and gorey!






Butcher
Ch. 1.
One last warning: This containts EXTREME violence and gore. Do NOT keep reading if you are faint of heart or can't deal with snuff! I hope you enjoy it, I had a lot of fun with it lol.



"Just..jut tell me..why..."
The words garbled out of the girl's throat, more blood coming out then sound. Traces of sperm glistened on her cheeks amid flecks and globules of blood. A few fragments of teeth lay littered on the concrete a few inches below her suspended body. Her neck was stiff to the point of agony, her arms swollen and thickly veined, held tightly above her head in the maniacal contraption. Thick steel chains hooked not only around her hands, but through them, thick 4 gauge hoops peircing straight through her palms in some sick parody of a crucifixion. Her legs were spread wide apart with a long metal pipe between them, attached to another chain which was hooked to the loop above the entire thing, forcing her legs to be both split and bent painfully upwards. Spatters of blood and cum slowly dried, on the chains, on her skin, on the cement ground below. A heavy door swung open, accompanied by the sound of metal heels on the cement. The girl's tear-strained eyes widedened as her body began to shake, knowing what came with those sounds. 

"Still awake, are we? My, after all that I thought you'd have given up by now. I suppose you blondes really just don't know when to quit, do you?"
Shannon began to sob violently, wheezing more than crying, her throat dry from abuse and dehydration. Her eyes cast on the ground, she didn't have to look up to know there would be that sick, hateful grin on that strange face. She didn't need or want to try and reason with that face, only to fear what would come next. Shannon knew she was going to die, it was no longer a question of if, but rather of how and when.

"I suppose you should've thought a couple more times before you let strangers buy you drinks, shouldn't you?"
Black, impeccably shined, steel tipped combat boots clinked beneath Shannon's head. She closed her eyes, preparing for the worst. Sharp nails dug into the sides of her cheeks, wrenching her bruised face upwards.
"I asked you a question, slut. I expect an answer". The words slid more out of that mouth, a cruel lip-ringed smile twisting the sides up in a sneer.

"Yes...yes I guess I should have..I'm sorry I offended.." Shannon's words were out of her mouth along with a few more teeth, as one of those heavy boots connected with her bottom jaw. She bit down on her tongue at the impact, screaming out a mouthful of agony and blood. Her battered lips twitched, fresh tears coursing down her face again, cutting tracks through the dried blood. As if the kick wasn't enough, her captor backhanded her, hard enough to make her eyes white out for a moment. When the beatings stopped, she hung, helpless and shaking, praying for some kind of miracle to end this pain.

"Of course you should have thought more, Shannon. You shouldn't have told me to meet you in the first place, shouldn't have marketed yourself as one of those 'kinky girls'. Is this kinky enough for you, Shannon?" The word 'kinky' was followed by a rush of agony between Shannon's legs, as she felt some sudden searing pain in her cunt as the edges of a serrated utility knife re-opened fresh wounds from the past night's rape. She regretted ever seeing a computer in her life, regretted signing up for that goddamn dating site, and especially messaging that freak with the kanji tattoo in the first place.
All of a sudden, Shannon felt the chains rattling, the sounds of metal being unhooked. Before the thought of freedom had a chance to cross her mind, she felt her body slam against the concrete, knocking the little wind she had left out of her. Again she felt those hands skittering across her skin, increasing pressure where there were cuts, bruises, in some areas actual bits of flesh missing where he had bitten at her. Fingernails clawing into her scalp, pulling at her hair, making her cry out. She felt three cold rings of metal accompanied by a pair of wet and violent lips sliding over her, stopping at the fold of her neck to bite down hard enough to make tears well up. She felt his breath in her ear, her hair standing on end, her heart pummelling violently in her chest. Maybe this would be it..maybe it could end now, and she would just die.

"Now..I want you to scream. I want you to scream like the bitch you are, and no one will hear you. No one will save you, and you've only got yourself to blame."
Shannon gritted her teeth as she felt both nails and cock dig into her, crying out in both pain and sheer terror. When she had messaged that guy named Kai, she hadn't been expecting much more than maybe a casual hook up with a guy who liked freaky shit. Whips, chains, maybe some S&amp;M. Shannon hadn't been expecting this, though. She hadn't expected to be abducted and raped by a&nbsp; psychopath who would probably kill her in this awful basement. 


----

As he was rinsing the blood off herself in the shower, Kai could barely keep himself from grinning. Shannon had been much more than he'd been expecting, quickly giving up the "fuck you, I'll kill you" and willingly sucking him off. He would kill her tonight, and then he would find another girl. 

--

"Rise and shine, baby. It's a brand new day."

Shannon shuddered into conciousness to a view of boots, legs, and the bottom of what looked like a black leather smock. Fully aware that this was not a nightmare and was far too real, she could still feel the icy cement digging into every open wound in her body, could still taste the blood coursing from her gums.

She tried to raise her head to at least look him in the face one more time, to at least face death as it came at her. She could barely move her neck. She watched as he came into view, crouching down in front of her like some violent child about to stone a wounded bird and laugh about it later. Her lips quivered as she whispered, begging him to just end it.

"Please..just kill me already..I'm sorry for..I'm just sorry. Just please, god, stop hurting me.."
She was quickly silenced by his cock in her mouth, sliding in easily with barely any teeth.

"God? There is no god here Shannon, I am you god now. Pain is your god now. There is NO on to save you, no comfort to you but the eventual death you'll have with me."

She cried openly, letting him facefuck her, his fingers wrenching handfuls of platinum hair off her head while he did. He slid in and out of her, forcing her jaws open further, slamming her head harder against his crotch. His hands slid down wards, nails carving into her and leaving deep furrows into her chest as he clamped his fingers tightly around her breasts, tugging at the hoops he'd shoved through her nipples the previous night. Watching her squirm as those vicious little hooks drew towards her body, the way she wailed when they finally penetrated skin, and eventually muscle..
 He felt himself tightening, about to let go and threw her backwards onto the ground, almost sure that he heard a bone crack as she hit. She began sobbing, pleading, trying to crawl away. He began laughing, unable to stop himself, terribly bemused at the broken little creature scuttling across the floor. Kai turned and walked across the room, leaving her to her false hope for a moment. He stopped at a tool bench, heavily tattooed hand hovering over a slew of unpleasant looking impliments. He decided on two old favorites, a clamp and a small hand saw. He began to walk back to Shannon, stepping down heavily onto her bleeding back, crushing her body against the floor. He paused for a moment, taking in how helpless and doomed she really was, idly running a finger through one of his liprings. He smiled, hugely, violently. 

He grabbed her and flipped her over, an exceedingly easy task due to her miniscule weight. She struggled weakly, flailing uselessly against his chest, her fingers glancing off the butcher's smock he wore over black a pair of black jeans. He straddled her stomach, facing away from her, forcing her to stare against his back unknowing of what he was doing. He began to loosen the clamp, running his hand against her ill-used pussy. She slid one finger, two, begain forcing his entire hand into her.

"You know, for such a skinny bitch, you're loose as all hell. I don't know if that was before or after I fucked you, but at any rate you're one hell of a whore."
He positioned the clamp onto her clit, chuckling as he did. He began to tighten it, revelling in her sudden scream as she realized what was happening.

"Well fuck, you catch on quick don't you?"

He continued to turn the screw until her clit began to bleed, her body twitching, no longer crying for help but simple guttural moans coming from her throat. He got off her and flipped her back onto her stomach, pulling up her ass and shoving himself into her, making sure to grind her hips against the ground, forcing the clamp to tear further at her clitoris. Her ass gave almost no resistance this time, as it had the first few times he'd fucked her ass. He had violated every inch of her he could, revelling each new level of disgrace he could inflict on her. He knelt behind her, the stained level of the butcher's smock laying on top of her ass while he fucked her, tugging on the clamp that was still tightly clamped onto her clit.

"Shannon, I have to say, even loose as hell you still feel great. Maybe it's just the way you scream. I might even keep your body after I kill you, at least for a little while."

He slapped her a few times, forcing himself as deep as he could, feeling his balls slap against her wet cunt. He felt himself about to come again, forcing himself to hold out. He grabbed the saw next to him and began to slide it over her lower back, watching the skin split and blood dribble out. His cock was throbbing, almost painfully, his teeth gritted tightly together. He would later find that he'd bitten a chunk out of his lip, almost pulling out one of his rings. He slid the saw back and forth, feeling her body racking with agony, sending him into orgasm. He growled, screamed out as he forced his fingernails into the fresh wound in her back, peeling her skin back, rubbing his fingertips against the exposed muscles. He pulled out, beginning to come as he did and wrenched her head up violently, snapping Shannon's neck. 
"Shit, SHIT! I didn't mean to kill you yet goddamnit!" He fumbled with her body, forcing his cock into her mouth one last time as her eyes began to roll back, her body convulsing wildly as an epileptic's, spine severed from brain. Kai's eyes twitched, his body shaking as his balls released into Shannon's dead mouth, his cum filling up her throat. When she stopped moving, he pushed her head against his groin a few more times, looking at her ruined body in some sick deviation of affection, noticing that sliver of ivory spine showed through the mess of blood on her back. His cock soft and husked out, he slid out of Shannon's mouth, a long trail of cum drizzling over her unmoving lips as he did. He smoothed himself out, watching her body tip lifelessly onto the floor, his seed trailing out of her mouth and ass. He signed almost wistfully, regretting that it was all over so very soon. No matter, he would find another girl. He always would.

---










Chapter 2.


Mandy's eyes flicked over the lists of names, nothing spectacular catching her eye. She was bored with going to bars and trying to find guys, she didn't want just a one night stand. She wanted a man she could manipulate, use for attention, maybe even gifts if she was a real slut. Mandy's idea of affection was sex and money, the occasional favor maybe. She was sure that searching via an online 'alternative' dating site, she could find a sympathetic freak who was just dying to be her unknowing bitch. Just as she was about to click off and find another site, she hit the bottom of the page and found herself unusually interested. She wasn't sure what caught her eye more, the cryptic and almost non existant profile, 
(no first or last name, only Kai; interests listed as "Sadist, exhibitionist, modifications..." and an email.)
Or the picture- She could barely see much of him, other than he had what she affectionately referred to as "Metal Face". Three rings in his lip, at least ten on the bit of ear she could see, his septum,&nbsp; and two in each eyebrow. It wasn't so much the 'metal face' she was attracted to, but the manner of his face. Something in it seemed different..sinister, almost. His eyes, though a deep and rich brown, seemed incredibly cold. 

"Well shit. I can't pass up a kinky guy. They always are the most desperate anyway..fuckin' freaks."

---

Incredibly happy with himself, Kai beamed as he read the message in his inbox. Another catch, and so soon too. It was almost too good to be true, his favorite type; The 'dominant' bitch, a player by nature if he'd ever seen one. He could barely wait to break her. He reread her message over and over, already dreaming up torments for this girl. Mandi1364 would never return to being a ''carefree, partygirl" after tonight. Something about that made Kai almost giddy.

---

Sitting in a side booth in the darkened club, Mandy began wondering if her date was even going to show up. She had been forced to pass on numerous advances from some almost-decent looking guys, hoping that her ''Chaos0010" would be worth the wait. She sighed, flicking the straw sitting in her Jack and coke.

"Not bored already, are you dear?"

Mandy's head snapped up, almost running into a very long torso she assumed to belong to her date. She eyed him before motioning for him to sit across from her. He looked better in real life, a rare thing to happen from online hookups. Again, she couldn't help staring into those eyes..

"Mr.Chaos, I presume?" She smiled, trying desperately to be seductive but seeming more idiotic. She reached across the table to his extended hand, noticing the bottom of a large Japanese tattoo. He lifted her hand to his lips, kissing her middle knuckle, his liprings sending shivers through her arm.

"Nice ink..what is it?" She shifted her shoulders, letting her black jacket fall off, her massive breasts accentuated by the fake corset she had pulled on.
Kai smiled ever slightly, pulling up his sleeve to show her his full arm. A massive kanji character surrounded by what looked like red tides, ebbing and twisting in an almost pyschedelic way. "You like it? It took forever."

Mandy nodded, genuinely intrigued for once. "Yeah..so does it mean anything, or just fer decoration?"
He smiled more openly, rings dancing as his lips pulled upwards. His eyes seemed to almost hone in on hers, forcing her to shrink back a bit.
"Kai. It translates into Chaos, essentially .."
Mandy, for one of the few times in her life, seemed to be partially dumbfounded, staring again into those red waves."Yeah...it's..pretty."
Kai laughed out loud now, rolling his sleeve back down. This would prove to be a wonderful night, he could already feel it.

---
After a few drinks, Mandy had proved to be quite the 'party girl' indeed, slurring her words and 'accidently' letting her top fall down further. He found himself both bemused and mildly disgusted at her desperation, her sad attempts at seduction. It would all be well worth it though, he kept reminding himself. This was just another phase of the game he loved so very dearly.

"So..whatcha into, hun?" She slurred, drawing her words out across the table. Her brown eyes seemed muddied now, thin red veins trailing through them, her face flushed with intoxication. She had taken down her thick black hair, letting it fall around her exposed shoulders. Kai studied the curves of her throat, wondering how many notches in a collar it would take to suffocate her..how deep he could shove into that throat.His mind began to wander along with his eyes, dreaming already of sliding his fishooks through those breasts, wondering how she would sound with a powerdrill against her cunt. He felt himself growing half hard and snapped back into reality.

"Hey..I caught you looking, haha.." She laughed, biting her bottom lip in another try at being sexy. It wasn't that she was unattractive, Kai found her quite pretty-in a trailer trash sort of way. He could care less about the shell though, when it came to people. It was all about the insides, the warm and soft membranes..All thought and emotion and no falseness. These girls he found, captured..they were nothing more than playthings, a hobby, a guilty pleasure.

"What am I into..that's quite the question..Just how curious are you?" He leaned forward, letting his thumbnail run down her ample cleavage, staring down into her eyes. He could almost see her shake, watching the expression of lust cross over her face.
"Shit, I'm willing to find out..I've got plenty of ..questions to ask you, baby."
'Questions' was followed by her hand on his inner thigh, squeezing lightly against him. This foreplay was driving him insane, he was sick of playing civil. He wanted nothing more than to drag her home and begin to defile this mindless slut. He grabbed her hand, letting his nail nip her wrist, and guided it to his groin. He was fully aware of the deeper red flush on her face, the shitfaced grin that spread across her heavily made up face.

"Oh hell, lets get out of here. I wanna see what kind of place a guy like you lives in."
Kai laughed again, guiding her out to his car. "I'm sure it'll..interest you."

---
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"No fuckin' way..gorgeous place you have, man. I love your couches!"
Mandy threw herself onto one of Kai's curved leather couches, unconcerned about her short black skirt riding up. He stood in the doorway still, admiring the bounty he'd found and revelling in the calm before the storm. He sat down across from her in an accompaning leather chair, propping up one immaculately shined boot onto his knee. He laid back, eyes never leaving Mandy's. He wasn't sure, but he thought he could detect the slightest quiver of fear somewhere in her body language.

"So, what the hell do you do to afford this place? You must be like, rich or some shit!" she slurred heavier now, a half-full glass of wine in one hand. Kai had a nearly empty bottle of gin sitting next to him, he had kept up with her all night and was barely buzzed. Amongst the many things he prided himself on, his ability to drink was one of them.

"Well..I'm a bit of an entrepeneur, I suppose. I..dabble in all sorts of things. I do love art, though." He paused to take a long drink from the open bottle, rings clinking quietly against it. As he set it down, he caught her focusing-as much as she could- in his piercings.

"Yer liprings..I love guys with metal face..did I alreadisay that to ya?" She set her glass down on the end table next to the couch, and began to sit forwards, her cleavage almost coming out of her shirt. Kai kept the nearly-bored expression on his face, barely concealing his manic excitement at the now very-soon pay off. She slid onto the floor, wobbling more than a little bit. Her breasts pressed against his shins, face staring up at him with open lust. He grinned, running a hand through her hair.
"You're a very pretty girl, Mandy.."
She smiled drunkly, licking her bottom lip. She was obviously insanely attracted to him, and seconds away from trying to fuck him. All the better, he thought. I'm in no rush at all. It's not like she'll have any..obligations when I'm through with her. He chuckled again, pulling her towards him.
"Take off your top."
She began to stand up, presumably to strip before he stopped her, grabbing her shoulder.
"No- on the floor..I like you on your knees." He slid a finger over her cheekbones, running the edge of his nail over her wet mouth. He wasn't sure, but he thought he'd heard her moan.
"Sure.. I'll do just about anything.." She untied the top of the corset shirt, and pulled it over her head, tossing it to the side. She leaned forward against him, letting her breasts fall onto his knees. 
He laughed at her comment, almost painfully ironic. He felt himself begin to get hard, anticipation driving him crazy.
"Oh, I'm sure you would..I guess we'll find out tonight then, won't we." He leaned his head back as she began to unbutton his tight black pants, pulling them down just enough so she could reach his cock. She didn't pause before pulling him deep into her throat, tongue rubbing against him forcefully. Ah, the best part about a whore, he thought idly, pushing his fingers against her scalp, They almost always know how to deepthroat.
Kai watched her head bobbing in his lap, eventually letting his hands drift down to her neck, squeezing just enough to tease himself. Too soon he'd choke her with things besides just his dick, and that would pale in comparison to the things he would do to her later..He began to lose himself in the wet rhythmic pulsing, feeling himself grow harder as she began the squeeze his balls tightly. He bit down on his upper lip, a chill of pleasure shuddering through him. He grabbed a handful of her hair and began forcing her harder onto his cock, moaning quietly as he felt himself close to cumming. 

He pushed her head back, sitting forwards.
She looked up at him, dark red lipstick smeared across her face. She grinned stupidly up at him. He grabbed her chin and licked her lips, kissing her deeply and biting her tongue. He drew back, standing up. 
"We're going downstairs now..I'm going to fuck the hell out of you, Mandy."
She laughed as she stumbled down the cement staircase, not noticing how the sound seemed to cut out once he shut the unusually large and heavy basement door.
"Oh yeah..? I bet you will, Mr... Mr.." She stood at the staircase, looking around the massive room, noting workbenches and chains, a few strange looking contraptions and machines. She rubbed her legs together, wet and oblivious of what was coming.
"Chains, huh? You kinky bastard you.." She grinned, pressing up against him, licking at his neck. He laughed, wrapping his long fingers in her wavy dark hair.
"I suppose you could say that..most prefer stronger words though..Sadist, master is always appreciated. It doesn't much matter though, my dear. Call me anything you want."
He tightened his grip on her hair, yanking hard. She yelped out a bit, then tried to regain her 'sexy' posture.
"Yeah? Call you anything, huh..Not very picky are you."
Kai's mouth split into a devious smile, eyes seeming to narrow.
"Why should I be picky, Mandy? It's not anyone else will be able to hear you besides me..and the others."
Still oblivious, for the most part, she looked confused.
"Others..? Like..orgy others?"
He took her hand and guided her towards what looked like a deep freezer and undid two large clamps. He swung open the door, a puff of icy air spilling out along with a rancid smell. Mandy sobered up almost instantly at the sight of at least three or four dead bodies cramped into the freezer; bluish and glistening with ice, their eyes were lifeless and colorless, most of their faces twisted in terror or agony. She screamed out, falling over backwards as she attempted to run.

"What the fuck is this, some kind of sick joke!? I'm calling the fucking cops-"
There was the sound of plastic cracking as Mandy caught a glimpse of her phone smashing against the cement floor, a few feet from where she was sprawled.
"Good luck there. You shouldn't leave your bag sitting around strangers. In fact, you should be a bit more careful in general.."
He stepped over her, poising one boot against her chest and pinning her to the ground.
"Fuck you, man! You're a fucking nut, I'll fucking kill you!" She writhed out from under him, reaching down into her skirt and pulling out a small pocket knife.
She rushed at him, knife held in front of her like a dowsing rod. Kai snickered and grabbed her arm, pulling it behind her and twisting her wrist to an inhuman angle. She screamed out, hand reflexing and dropping the knife instantly.
"Well, I almost didn't expect that..What awful manners of you, trying to stab your gracious host." He twisted her arm further, hearing the sweet sound of bones straining.
"Oh god just stop please I won't fight back anymore just don't break my arm PLEASE!" Tears were coursing down her cheeks now, her heavy black makeup smearing all over her face. God, how he hated heavy makeup.
"Good girl." He wrenched her arm a bit more, a loud snap echoing out in the silence. Mandy shrieked in agony, crumpling back onto the floor.

Kai kicked her in the side, steel-tipped boot connecting with rib, over and over. When she was shaking, fresh welts beginning to blossom on her side, he turned and began to take off his shirt.
"You know..girls like you..you're all the same. Mindless, no personality, all makeup and nothing underneath."
His shirt dropped to the floor, revealing a massive web of scars and designs covering his back, along with two suspension hoops in either shoulder. He turned again to face her, tying the back of a stained black leather butcher's apron. Curving red lines covered his chest and upper arms, connecting with the kanji on his left hand. Mandy hated herself for staring at him, unable to argue with the fact that even as he had been about to break her arm, she'd been ridiculously attracted to him. 

"Just..why are you doing this..if you wanted to fuck, I was more than willing to! I don't see why you need to hurt me damnit.." Mandy's big brown eyes pleaded up to him, her talented lips quivering. Oh, how he relished that stare. So much fear..so much power.

"Because, I'm a sadist dear. And above that, I'm your fucking god now. You belong to me, and you'll die in here when I tire of you." He smiled, crouching down to face her, running a finger over her tearstained face. He laughed loudly, mockingly. For the first time in a long time, he was caught off gaurd as he felt a sudden sting across the side of his face.
"You motherfucking freak! Like hell you'll kill me!"
Shocked, charged, and bemused, he raised a hand to his cheek. He clicked his tongue in the side of his mouth, face twisting into a vicious sneer.
"Well Mandy, I've got to say, that's the first time in a long time that someone's gotten the best of me. Congratulations, dear. I'm going to rip you into fucking peices now. You were such a nice girl, too..I was thinking of just maybe raping you and killing you...But now I'll just tear you apart after I get bored. I'll make you beg to die, death will be your only comfort and even that I'll deny you until the very, fucking end."

The last image Mandy had before she blacked out was that of a massive boot connecting with the side of her head, sending her crashing to the unforgiving cement ground.
When she came to, she was terrified to find her arms chained behind her to something, her neck braced with a massive metal collar. She could barely turn her head, thrashing about as her panic began to build up. She realized that she'd been stripped completely naked, helpless and trapped.

"It's funny how quickly you give up trying to fight back..Are you accepting that you'll die already?"
She tried to find the source of his voice, eyes darting around the room like a mouse stuck in an impossible maze.

"Just please...Kai, please let me go..I'll do anything for you, you can rape me I don't care just please don't kill me.."
The sound of metal on metal punished her ears as he came into he view, still wearing that awful butcher's apron, wheeling a small cart behind him.
"You see..you're only making things worse for yourself, dear. Everytime you beg me, it just makes me that much more anxious to watch you bleed.."
She watched in stupified terror as he began sorting out a number of sinister looking fishooks, pricking his finger on one of them. He sucked the blood from his finger, smiling hatefully at her.

"This is the fun part..For me, at least. These are such nice little things.."
He lifted her right breast and cupped it lightly, running his thumb over her nipple as it shivered erect. With his left hand, he began to push the point of the fishook into her nipple-pausing for her to scream. He slid it in agonizingly slow, a tiny bit each few seconds, watching each wave of pain wash over her. When the first one was through, he started on a second, making sure to tug on the first one as it began to bleed freely. When he was finished, both of her breasts had&nbsp; six fishooks through them, two of them going almost straight through. Mandy was shaking, her body tightening in terror. Kai slapped one of her breasts, laughing as she cried out, thrashing wildly.
"God, make this stop please..This hurts so fucking much I can't take it!"
He began to pull on the hook through her right nipple, watching the flesh begin to tear.
"Do I have to repeat myself again, girl? I am your god now, Mandy.." He continued to pull, aware of his hardening cock. He tugged once more and was spattered with her blood as her nipple split in half, the hook coming free of it. She gasped, unable to even scream, eyes bulging from her pretty face.

"Oh..fuck.." Her mouth contorted, and Kai moved backwards as she began to vomit, her body shivering from the pain. Bile dripped from her lips, her eyes shut tight.

"What a dirty slut..you've got no fucking manners at all. I guess I'll have to break you in.." Kai pulled on a pair of large, black rubber gloves and began to scoop up handfulls of her vomit, forcing her mouth open with one hand and shoving her own waste in with the other. She gagged, spit it back up, but eventually relinquished and let herself be forcefed her own puke. He smiled, wiping her mouth with the back of his hand.

"You sick little bitch..disgusting is what you are, fucking disgusting." He backhanded her hard, splitting open her lip. He took off the gloves and hit a lever near Mandy's back, loosening the chains holding her to the wall. She crashed onto the floor, landing in what was left of her vomit.
"Lick it off the floor, all of it. Now. If you puke again, I'll cut off your other nipple". Mandy obliged , fully aware of Kai's boot pressed firmly against the back of her head. Sobbing as she did, somehow she managed to hold it down better this time. She curled into a ball, fetal and shaking. Kai walked behind her, running a hand over her back and down her ass. He slid his fingers down the crease into her cunt, it's deep wetness curving around his fingers. He felt her shaking, could almost taste her fear as fresh tears welled in her eyes. He spread her legs apart, cement painfully scraping against her knees as he did. He undid his pants again, sliding them down. 

"You belong to me now..you're my toy and nothing more. Enjoy the time you've got left alive, my little whore. You'd better work hard to please me if you want to continue surviving as my slut".
He pushed into her, his eyelids fluttering as he did. Up until now he hadn't realized how hard he was, almost painfully so, as he eased into her cunt agonizingly slow. Each inch she yelped out, fingers clutching at the ground until he had buried his dick into her balls deep. He was pleasantly surprised to find that as much of a slut she seemed to be, she was fairly tight, her muscles tightening against his cock. He grabbed the heavy chain attached to her neck and yanked hard, ramming hard into her as she gasped for air. He pulled tighter until she began to wheeze, knowing that her face would be darkening at this point, his free hand running nail marks over her back.

"Beg me. Beg to fucking live, bitch. Tell me I'm your god."
Her arms shook, trying to hold her body up while he fucked her violently, her head swimming with asphyxiation.

"I'm...yours...I..please.."
He smiled, letting go of the chain. She gasped for air, taking deep shaking breaths in between tears. He reached down and pushed her shaking arms out from under her, forcing her to lie on her butchered breasts. Mandy cried out, her voice shaking and cracking in pain. He moaned, grinding his teeth together, his cock pounding against her insides. 

"Oh fuck, you feel too good..I can't wait to make you bleed more, you're such a wonderful little slut."
He pulled out of her quickly, forcing himself to keep from cumming, letting it build up more and more.
He flipped her onto her back, kneeling on her chest, his cock dripping her wetness onto her. He pulled two nails and a small mallet from a pocket in the apron, holding the nails in front of her terrified eyes.
"Since you're so fond of that god word, I thought I'd give you an extra special present, Mandy." 
Straddling her chest, he positioned one of the nails a little below where her ring and middle finger met.
"Now..no sudden movements..I wouldn't want to miss." He smiled at her, bringing down the hammer and sending the nail through her palm. Her body wrenched upwards, bucking wildly as she shrieked out. A few more hits and the nail was buried into the concrete, tethering her to it. He repeated the same process with her other hand. He stood back, admiring his work as blood began to pool heavily around her hands, still greatful to have found such a pretty thing to play with.

Mandy's head rolled back and forth, her eyes wide and bewildered, unable to stop screaming in both pain and horror. The pain in her arms was excrutiating, her breasts were a mass of burning and throbbing muscle, her pussy was sore as hell. She knew he was serious, she became aware of how awfully real it was as he began to force her mouth open to accomodate a sinister peice of headger. Two hooks fastened on either side of her mouth, pulling it open as wide as humanly possible. The hooks dug into her skin, eventually causing her to bleed, and distorting her sobs. Kai began to rub his hard cock against the edges of her lips, feeling the wetness of her tongue tempting him. 
"As much as I love to hear you cry, I'm getting sick of your voice...And I wouldn't want you to get any ideas, trying to bite me." He eased into her gaping mouth, sliding against the back of her throat, pounding her head against the floor while he did. He slapped her, laughing everytime she flinched, burrowing his dick deeper into her esophagus. He felt himself nearing climax, his balls throbbing and his cock growing almost painful. He reached behind him and gave a hard tug on both of her tits, reminding her of the hooks and making her shake in pain. He growled, a deep guttural noise gurgling from his throat as he quivered, pulling harder and making her twitch harder. Her tongue twitched against his balls, her throat tightening on his cock. His eyes began to roll back as he wrenched another hook free, cumming hard into her throat. His hips slammed against her face, nearly knocking her unconcious against the floor. Blood began to pool behind him from her tits, he ran his hands through it and sucked them dry, revelling in her agony. He pulled back, his cock slowly emerging from her held-open jaws, smirking as she choked on his cum, strands of it dangling from her lips. His cock still partially hard, he began to rub it between her tits, blood dripping onto it. 
"Ah fuck..You feel so much better when you're struggling..fight back, even though it's pointless. I want to see your fear, bitch."
She sobbed, trying to move her arms pitifully, pushing her hips up as much as she could. It was torture to even breathe, let alone try to move. He stood up off her, blood and cum dripping from his dick. He admired her body twitching, blood coursing freely over her chest; his sperm coming up from her throat. Such a beautiful, delicious whore. He pressed the tip of his boot against her pussy, grinding her against the floor. Mandy rolled her head and tried to scream something, her voice barely discernable with the headgear holding her mouth open.

"What's that, Mandy? That's not enough for you? Well, I wouldn't want to dissapoint you then." He smiled as her eyes widened and her head shook wildly, shoulders fighting against the concrete. He licked his lips, going back to the little cart that had held the fishooks. He searched it again, waiting for something to catch his eye, when he saw a small hand saw. Mouth split open in a manic smile, he knelt between Mandy's legs, the saw out of her sight beside him.

"Now..I want to warn you, Mandy. This may be a bit..intense," He pulled the saw up from beside him, laying the serrations against her soft skin "I want you to scream like the bitch you are. I want to hear your fucking pain.." He pushed his knee against her pussy, the wetness laying close against him. He brought the saw beneath her left breast, bruised and still bearing four of the fishooks. He paused for a second, taking in that terror..that pleading face, the desperate need in her eyes.. Kai shivered, grinning wildly. He pressed the saw into the soft skin beneath her breast, inching it along the curve, loving the way her eyes clenched against her tears. Pushing harder, he dragged it back again, and then again, watching as the skin began to split and blood welled up beneath the blade. He leaned forward, licking the side of her face, hateful eyes holding contact with hers. Mandy screamed, her throat drying out quickly, her head beginning to swim with pain and exhaustion, each movement causing another crest of agony to wash over her. She felt a sudden hotness on her chest as Kai was sawing at her breast still, blood pouring over her and pooling at her neck, dribbling down around her head to form a sort of crimson halo. 
He began to finger her with his free hand, holding his thumbnail into her clit while doing so, never losing eyecontact with those sobbing, tear-reddened eyes. 
"Ahh..look, you've even got your own corona, like some Whore Saint..fight more, I'd like to see your hands ripped apart by those little nails."
He leaned forward, still cutting at her chest, and bit deeply into her inner arm, tearing at the skin inside of her elbow. She bucked weakly, trying to shake him off in a futile effort, causing him only to laugh. He pulled back hard, ripping a chunk of her skin with him, grasping the saw with both hands.

"Now, Mandy, I'll warn you...if you pass out, you may regret it terribly."
In a few hard cuts, Kai severed her left breast, the mutilated chunk of flesh lying on her ribcage. If Mandy had been terrified before, there were no words for the girl now. Unable to even scream it seemed, her eyes widened more than Kai had ever seen. He threw his head back, laughing loudly, picking up the girl's severed tit and holding it in her face. 
"I'm sure you won't be able to con many people now will you, hm? Not so pretty when you're missing half of your personality, you cunt." He tossed the peice of flesh aside, running his fingers over the gap on her chest, rubbing his tongue into it and feeling his dick harden again. Missing the sounds of her semi-intelligible pleas, he decided to take the mouthgear off her. Sitting again on her chest, his cock sliding against her one breast, he began to unscrew the headgear.
"Now..I'm going to let you bitch for a while, but if you bite me, you'll lose a lot more than just your tits tonight."

He set the contraption aside gently, running his fingertips idly across her exposed forearms, pressing against her palms with his hands. She winced, her lips shaking in pain. 
"Kai..please..anything but..just stop hurting me please..I..I can't.."

He slid the tip of his cock against her lips, pressing her left hand down hard.
"Suck it, now, all of it. I want my balls in your fucking mouth."
He shifted his weight so he was pressing against her diaphram, feeling her struggling to breathe turning him on more than ever. She opened her mouth as wide as she could, sobbing as she did, gagging multiple times as he pushed deeper into her throat. He chuckled, feeling her tongue flicking around his sack, lips tight around him. He leaned back, pulling her head up as he did. 
"Oh fuck..you know what you're doing, I'll give you that much.." His voice shook, his muscles tightening again. He slammed her head down against the concrete, knocking her dizzy for a few minutes. He pulled out of her before he could cum, making himself wait a bit longer again. Kneeling over her, watching her eyelids flicker in and out of conciousness, he smiled at his handiwork,&nbsp; contemplating how much more her body could handle. He idly ran his fingers through the pool of blood where her left breast used to be, now nothing but a concave mess of severed muscle and flesh, just now beginning to coagulate. He lifted his hand to his mouth and sucked on his finger, watching the way her body spasmed every few minutes, butchered chest wracked by agonized sobs. 

"Please just fucking kill me already! I..I can't take this anymore just..please make it stop!" 
Mandy's lips shook, her ruined fingers clenching into weak fists, hey eyes steadily dribbling tears.&nbsp; She fought against her nails, trying to free herself of the ground to no use, began to thrash as much as she could in an attempt to free herself. Kai knelt heavily on her arms, his dick laying against her chest.

"Now..why would I go and do that, when our night is just getting better? I told you, I'd make you beg.." He dragged a fingernail over her face, pinching her cheek hard and laughing at her.
"Anyway, you found me Mandy. You brought this onto yourself, my dear, and how glad I am that you did.."
Still kneeling on her he bit at her nipple lightly, letting his teeth sink against her bruised skin. He ran his hands over the curves of her body, wondering if she would still feel as good when she was dead, or if the agony was his main enjoyment. He paused to look into her face, her shaking lips, her helpless eyes..It was right, it was all so right and perfect. She was his, as much as possible. He controlled how much longer she would survive-one couldn't really call it living- and how much she would scream when her time finally came. Crouched over her, he looked down at her with that ever present malicious smirk, toying with his liprings idly.

"You know..These hands of yours, they can't be much use anymore..Seeing as how I've put these little things through them.." At 'little things', he pressed down firmly against her peirced palms, getting a shrill cry of pain from her. His smile widened and he leaned closer to her, their lips nearly touching. In another situation, it might be tender, even erotic. He breathed against her lips, letting his tounge dart over her bloodstained skin of a second. She pushed against him, mumbling pleas and sobs, her one nipple pressing into his chest.

"Gah..this is too much for me, if I stay like this I'll have to fuck you again, and I don't want you to enjoy yourself too  much just yet..Besides, I've got a much better idea."
He stood up crossing his arms, standing over her with that cruel grin again.&nbsp; Mandy's heart began to sink, already knowing too well what that look meant. He was planning something, some way to make things worse, if it was even possible. She closed her eyes and willed herself to sleep, to at least avoid his tortures for a few hours, a few minutes even. Anything to get away from this fucking psycho..

--
"Rise and shine, princess. I've got a surprise for you."

The first thing Mandy realized was a burning sensation a bit above her elbow, and attributed it to being nailed to the fucking floor. She tried to move her fingers, unable to feel them-again attributing this to the floor. As she came further into conciousness, however, she realized that her left arm seemed to be missing. She could feel nothing but a dull throb beyond her elbow, the same as the right arm she realized. Her eyes widened, her throat convulsing unable to scream. She thrashed her shoulders wildly, trying to force herself out of this nightmare, it had to be a nightmare.

"About time you decide to wake up, you lazy bitch. How do you like it?" Kai loomed into view, dangling one of her fingers in front of her face. 

"You fuck..Oh god, why are you..how could you..fuck.." Mandy couldn't even think straight, the shock and the pain almost knocking her back out. She let her head fall back onto the concrete, fresh sobs coursing through her. Kai sat down onto her chest again, making sure to step on one of her stumps as he did.

"See..the fun thing about this now, I don't even need to chain you up. Hell, I could let you crawl around on this floor for days and you wouldn't get anywhere-not that I would find much amusement in that. However.." He picked up her right hand from next to her, looking at it almost lovingly, "I suppose you've earned yourself something. You've been such a&nbsp; good girl, I'd hate to dissapoint you at all." He grabbed her severed wrist and forced her hand into her pussy, jamming it deeply into her. She cried out, more of revulsion than pain, the idea of her severed limb being inside of her.

"Now, tell me honestly, which part of this bothers you more? The fact that you're fingering yourself, or the fact that you're liking it?" He threw his head back and laughed, forcing the nub at the other end of her arm into her mouth, gagging her with it, watching her own blood coating her lips. He was getting painfully hard from all of this and had almost fucked her while she had been knocked out but decided against it, as she was far more entertaining when begging. He continued to push her severed hand against her cunt, almost fisting her now, relishing the helpless agony written plainly across her face. He heard a quiet noise come from her throat, some kind of moan, nothing more than a physical reaction to the pentration and laughed.

"So, you're that much of a whore? If you want to fuck again I'm more than happy to oblige. Hell, even if you don't want to, it's not like you can fight me off anymore."
He laughed again, spreading her weak legs apart and forcing into her bleeding pussy. She gasped, back arcing up against him as fresh tears gushed over her red eyelids. He raked his nails across her stomach, digging into the folds of skin at her hips, running them over her bruised curves. He delved his fingertips into the gouge on her chest again, feeling her heart pounding wildly as he fucked her, forcing himself deeper into her body. He ran his hands over her severed elbows, fondling the edges where her bone portruded through the mess of butchered skin and blood. He closed his eyes, head falling back as he groaned out loudly in enjoyment, backhanding her hard across the face. He slid on top of her, his heavily tattooed arms circling around her neck and pressing her tightly to the ground while he fucked her, her back grating against the unforgiving cement. He would later find heavy scratches on his knees and palms from going at it so vigorously, sweat trickling off his shoulders into her fresh wounds. Each shove made her twitch harder, cry loud, her legs flailed uselessly, weakly. She was helpless, nearly dead, giving up quickly. He knew he would have to kill her soon if he was to enjoy that at all, she was giving up and even if her will held out, her body wouldn't much longer. He dug his nails deep into her scalp and wrenched her head up, kissing her deeply and biting her bottom lip hard enough to bleed. She yelped out, her stumped arms beating against him like a terrified bird, her body wracking in pain and fear. He pulled back, tearing a chunk of her flesh with him. He took a moment to pause and look down at her, to take it all in before he would kill her. Her severed breast lay somewhere nearby, the remnants of her chest a bloody and violent mess. Her arms were within her view, the blood dried into the cement and all over his apron. His hair was matted with her blood, staining his skin, the taste still in his mouth. She had been wonderful, had given him so many hours of enjoyment it was almost a shame to end it. But like always, he would move on, would find another toy, a better and fresher one. He smiled, tracing his fingers over her cheekbones. Yes, she had been a wonderful whore indeed. 

He grabbed her by the hair and threw her onto her stomach, her half-arms scrabbling for balance as her face grated against the ground. He grabbed her round ass and pulled it violently against him, thrusting deep into her. She screamed out, her entire body shaking against him. Again he grabbed handfulls of her hair, pulling her back as he fucked her hard, watching as her wounds were reopened by the harsh cement, her skin seeming to pour blood from it. He slammed her face down forcefully, hearing a satisfying crack as she lost a few more teeth, maybe broke her jaw. He pulled her head back again, ripping a handfull of hair from it before letting it drop against the ground again, this time sending out a muted wet thwack. Her screams were now a continual string of noise, a moan and a whine and sob all rolled into one. Feeling himself near cumming, he dug into a pocket of the apron and pulled out a roll of twine and unrolled a couple inches of it. Forcing himself deeper, he fucked her as hard as he could, gasping deeply and gritting his teeth. He wrapped the twine around her throat once, twice, three times before grabbing both ends and pulling back tightly. She began to wheeze, her legs twitching, her shoulders moving in panic. She tried to plead, tried to beg him but all that came out of her throat were dry gasps and gurgling noises. He felt her beginning to die, pulling tighter as he felt his balls release, cumming deep inside of her. Kai screamed out, his shoulders shaking as he came, Mandy's body convulsing against his. He continued in and out of her until he felt himself husked completely out, his body aching and his dick soft, his cum seeping out of her ass and against his legs. He pulled out of her and rolled her over onto her back to look at her one more time before he'd burn her body and begin to look for his next toy.
Mandy had been fun, he smiled at his fond memory of her initial confidence, how quickly she gave up and submitted to her death.. As he dragged her body to the furnace, saturating her in gasoline, He decided to keep one of her hands, as they hand been so fun to watch..Twitching and bleeding, trying to fight him off so avidly in the beginning.
Kai smiled, watching the flames encase her body, taking her curves and her eyes and everything that was Mandy into it, leaving nothing but faceless, nameless ashes. 
Reduced back to nothing, just as he liked it. He laughed quietly to himself as he climbed the stairs out of his basment, ready for a good sleep before his search began again tomorrow. Life was good, he couldn't have asked for more. 









Chapter 3

"..And another body has been found earlier this week, adding up to five in this past month alone. Investigators are assuming this to be another victim of the serial killer the press has nicknamed 'The Butcher'..An unidentified female body, severely burned..Both arms amputated, genitals and chest mutilated, signs of extreme struggle.."

He smiled to himself, running and idle finger along his heavily peirced bottom lip. 
Recognition was too wonderful, so many people in such a panic, such a beautiful thing. He had decided to share his findings with the rest of the world, leaving some of his girls sporadically around, lighting them on fire so as to rid them of any traceable evidence. And he almost always took their hands or knocked out most of their teeth, leaving them completely anonymous. No indentity, no life, nothing. Just flesh.

He leaned his head back against the couch, cool leather laying against his neck like soft skin. He found his mind wandering back to his last girl.. She hadn't put up much of any struggle. Of course, she had cried when he raped her-sobbed until he thought her eyes might bleed, and she'd screamed like hell when he'd snipped off her clit with a pair of rusted wire cutters. But when he finally slit her throat, fucking her in the ass all the while, she'd only sobbed and wailed. No struggle, no fight, no fun. Kai was bored with girls who gave in too easily. Half of the fun was breaking them, watching as their hope turned into dismay. Fear was such a beautiful thing to witness, he wanted someone who would beg until they lost their voice, scream until they were unable to. It was time to broaden his search. 

"Oh, no. You've got to be kidding me.." He smirked in the neon glow of the computer screen, long fingers dancing across the keys. 
"This..this is too fucking perfect."

Straight couple looking for m interested in threesome. Bondage/S&amp;M possible. Contact for more details.

His lips split into a sinister grin as he began his chase yet again. The game had started again.


---

"Dave, are you sure this is a good idea..this is kind of, awkward."
Karyn looked around the bar nervously, eyeing every man who walked by. She had no idea what this guy would look like, or what he would do. 

"Kar, you need to loosen the hell up. You were the one who said we had to try something different, alright? And besides it's too late to back out on this shit now."
Dave rolled his eyes, irritated already. Althought they had only been together for about eight months, Dave and Karyn had already had a few major fights and had split up twice, due to Karyn's control problems and Dave's cheating habits. The threesome idea had been Karyn's, as she said the only reason they weren't working out was because Dave had gotten 'stale'. Dave neglected to tell her-until recently- that the only reason he was 'stale' was because he was fucking two other girls half the time, and they actually listened to him some of the time. 

"Dave Brooks, I'm guessing?"
Dave snapped back to reality, having been engaged in staring at some other girl out on the floor. He snapped up, meeting the eyes of a man who was a good few inches taller than him. Dave found himself unable to keep eyecontact with this strange man, quickly shifting his gaze to Karyn who was staring up at the stranger. 

"That would be me. I'll assume you're Kai, then. Good to meet you." Dave shook hands with him, still unable to look into those strange, amber eyes. He could still feel the man's gaze on him-unnerving, threatening even. 

"We were starting to think you weren't showing up." Karyn held her hand out to Kai, who took it and brought it up to his lips, the smallest bit of his tongue landing against her skin.
"Ah..I would never show someone up..especially not a girl like yourself.." His eyes locked onto hers, still holding her hand firmly. The slightest bit of a grin surfaced on his face as he watched her cheeks flush deep red, her eyes dropping quickly as she licked her bottom lip. Dave cleared his throat, looking more than a bit irritated. Kai nodded in understanding and sat down, trying to surpress his excitement and his smirk.



"So..you two are interested in a group thing, are you?"
Karyn's eyes had never left Kai since the time he'd sat down with them. Dave was starting to seriously regret this now, he'd wanted a threesome with his girlfriend, not for her to fall in lust with this anonymous freak. 

"Yeah, well we've never done that and I-we figured it could be fun. Kinky, you know?" Karyn smiled at him, her left hand grazing over his knee under the table. She felt for Dave's leg with her right hand. Kai chuckled and nodded.

"Sure. Well, sounds good to me. Otherwise none of us would be here, eh?" He turned to Dave who had been eyeing him in a mix of curiousity and mild resentment. Dave had dirty blonde hair down to the middle of his back, thin and smooth. He had insanely blue eyes that had a wild spark in them that Kai had seen a thousand times; eager, youthful, stupid. Kai caught himself staring at the two snakebite liprings Dave had, wanting desperately to rip them out. He wanted to make this boy hurt..watch that mad pride be destroyed, replaced only by terror. Karyn began talking to neither of them in particular about her interests, her turn ons (spanking, leather, whips, chains..of course. How very typical, Kai thought with an inward laugh) as Dave and Kai both did their best to seem vaguely interested. Kai looked her over for the first real time, finding her much more attractive then the girls he usually found. Though she was a bit skinny, she had a small hourglass body, sheathed in a tight gray dress. Her hair fell to about her shoulder, wavy and auburn. Big green eyes stayed locked with his, ringed with black eyeliner. Yes, she was a catch indeed. He decided he would keep her around for a while-at least longer than Mandy. He laughed quietly at that memory, and in anticipation of the coming evening. 

"Hell, this is boring. Are we doing this at our place or yours?" Paid for the few drinks they'd had and began to stand up, pulling on the long trenchcoat he'd worn in. 
Kai took a moment to run a hand over Karyn's backside, eliciting a quiet gasp from her.

"Mine."
-----

"Make yourselves comfortable. I'll get you both something to drink."
Karyn and Dave sprawled onto Kai's long leather couch, Dave looking around the house curiously.
"This guy is fucking loaded..we should rip him off after we do this.."
Karyn shoved him, looking disgusted.
"Dave, you're such an asshole you know that? He seems like a decent guy..You're such a fucking scumbag."
She scoffed, moving away from him and crossing her arms.
Dave rolled his eyes, glaring at her, half mumbling "Yeah, a decent guy who picks up random couples for group fucking and has enough shit in his face to break a metal detector", all the while licking his own liprings. 

Kai poured two double shots of vodka, dropping a small blue pill into one of them and waiting for it to dissolve. He carried them both out, handing one to them each and downing one himself.

"To..oh fuck it. "
Dave threw back the shot, shuddering as he did. Kai laughed and poured him another one. And another. And a few more.

In about half an hour, Karyn was stifling drunken giggles, and Dave was slurring his words, running his hands over Karyn's hips.&nbsp; Kai sat back against his chair, enjoying the calm before the storm. Dave licked Karyn's neck, leaving wet traces down her shoulders and cleavage. She ran her limp hands through his hair, drunk as hell, lifting up her dress enough for Dave to slide his hand under and to give Kai ample view. She winked at him over Dave's shoulder, moving her legs apart more. 

"How about we head downstairs..?" Dave stood up clumsily, weaving a bit. He didn't notice that his dick was half hard as he began to stumble down the stairs. Kai held onto Karyn's hand as they went down, her warm body pressing tightly against his. She leaned her head against his neck, lips brushing his ear as she whispered
"I can't wait to fuck you, Kai. You're so much better looking than Dave..You're probably better, too.." She smiled drunkenly, grabbing his thigh tightly. He sucked in a breath, excitement rushing to his head. He grabbed her fingers and pulled them against his crotch, letting his nails press into her skin. She gasped and giggled in that intoxicated manner, oblivious to anything at all. Just the way he liked it. This would be an interesting night indeed.

Dave sat down on the edge of a bed that looked very misplaced in what appeared to be a basement and pulled Karyn against him, pulling at her dress. Kai stood off, watching, planning and smiling to himself. Dave fumbled a hand into the front of her dress, pulling it down and squeezing her breasts, biting at her neck. 
"So is there anything..specific you had in mind or just..whateverthefuck?" Dave mumbled against Karyn's throat, pulling up her dress. Kai chuckled and walked towards them.
"More along the lines of whateverthefuck, really." 
He slid his pants off his hips and grabbed ahold of Karyn's jaw, pulling her ready mouth against his cock. He grabbed a fistfull of her hair and pulled it tight against his hips, fingers pressing into her scalp. He hadn't realized how hard he was until now, the anticipation was driving him insane. He couldn't wait to see this girl scream and bleed. He slammed his hips against her face, enjoying the choking/gagging noises coming from her sweet throat. Dave didn't seem to mind, either too drunk or too horny to care, as he leaned back and pulled her on top of him. Kai stood there for a moment, watching her ride him and running his hand over his cock. He pulled a small pocketknife out of his pants and cut open the back of Karyn's dress, letting it fall onto Dave.
"Hey, what the fuck man? That's my&nbsp; dress.." She trailed off as he grabbed her face tightly, sharp nails cutting into her cheek. He bit down on her bottom lip, tugging until she cried out.
"You won't be needing your dress anytime soon, my dear. You're in more of a mess than you could possibly handle."
He grabbed her by the hair and threw her onto the floor, climbing over Dave who was still too drunk and confused to do much of anything. Kai reached behind the headboard of the bed and quickly strapped Dave's arms against it, fastening sharp metal hooks into his wrists so he wouldn't struggle. Karyn looked up from the floor, trying to scoot away from Kai in terror.

"Oh god, what the hell are you doing? Why are you doing this..?!" He kicked her across the face, cracking her nose to the side. A spray of red added itself to the myriad of faded rust-colored stains already on the cement floor. He grabbed her by the hair again and pulled her up to meet his face, looking deep into her eyes and grinning madly.
"You boyfriend is going to die tonight, Karyn. He's going to die and you're going to watch it. Does that turn you on?" He forced three fingers deep into her wet cunt, grinding them against her pubic bone. She cried out in terror and surprise, kicking at him. Karyn threw herself at Kai, trying to grapple with him as drunk as she was. He laughed, grabbed her small shoulder and slamming her against the wall, hoping that Dave had heard the loud thwack her skull had made against the concrete.

"Oh fuck, did you fucking kill her?! You fucking bastard, what the hell is your problem!? I'll..I'll fucking kill you, man!" Dave screamed, trying to wrench his hands free of the straps only to be stopped by the thick metal hooks digging into his wrists, drawing blood already. Kai laughed and sat down at the edge of the bed, out of his range.

"Oh, you're all the same. You think you're fucking invincible, think you're so damn badass when you're nothing more than a little fucking coward."
He brought his face in close to Dave's, running a finger over his cheekbones. He hooked a finger under one of Dave's liprings and gave it a light tug, smiling all the while.

"What the hell are you..oh fuck, don't do that man..Seriously, please"
Before he could finish his sentance, Kai ripped his finger back, taking both the lipring and a chunk of Dave's skin. He cried out in pain, blood coursing down his chin and onto his chest. Fresh tears were welling up into his eyes, his shoulders sagging as he choked back sobs.

"Cry already, you little bitch. You're going to die tonight, just fucking accept it." Kai ground his knee against Dave's massive hardon, a result of the viagra that'd been in his drink just a while earlier. He grabbed ahold of the other peircing and began to pull it, agonizingly slow, watching the skin tear, and eventually split. He laughed as a small splatter of red covered his face, running his tongue over his lips to lick it off. He heard a mumble from the floor and turned to see Karyn beginning to be concious again. He turned to Dave and backhanded him, just to hear him scream. 

"Just give me a second, I don't want your little trophy to miss anything good".

Kai pulled a triangular piece of wood a good three feet high towards where Dave was tied up and grabbed Karyn by the arms. He threw her up onto the thing, moving her so the sharp angle at the top was going into her cunt, and tied her legs to it with a length of rope. As she began to struggle and regain full conciousness, he pulled her arms behind her and tied them around her waist. 

"Hey, what the fuck..what's going on? Oh my god Dave, what'd he do to you!?" Karyn tried to move, her elbows flailing like broken wings, her thighs shaking when she tried to move, sharp wood digging into her pussy. Kai grabbed her hair and pulled her head back, forcing her to move on the point. He ran his other hand over her hips, pressing his fingers against her clit and rubbing hard. She cried out, her body shaking against him, both pained and in pleasure. He pinched her clit hard, tugging on it, rubbing it between his fingers, all while pulling at her hair and forcing her onto that wooden spire.

"Please man just fucking leave her alone..stop fucking hurting her, would you?" Dave sobbed out, tears cutting tracks through the blood on his mouth.

Kai rubbed her clit harder, letting go of her hair to tug on one of her nipples. He bit her side hard, until she yelped out in surprise.
"Hurting her? She's fucking loving this! Aren't you, my little whore?" 

Karyn gritted her teeth, trying to keep herself from letting any of it get to her and failing. She could feel herself dripping regardless of the wooden thing she was on, could feel her body moving against his fingers. Again she flailed, trying futilely to get herself off of the thing. 

"You asshole, cut this shit out! I'm going to fucking castrate you! Dave, do something you dumbass!"
Her voice cracked into a whimper as she felt something cold and metal against her clit, and heard Kai chuckle from behind her.
"You seem so anxious to be over with this..I want to keep you here for a while, Karyn.." He pushed a long rusted nail against her clit, tapping the edge with a small mallet that he'd pulled from whoknowswhere.&nbsp; Karyn's eyes grew huge with terror as she shook her head violently, still choking back tears. 

"No, please no just..please don't do that I'll do anything just please don't fucking nail me to this thing!"

Kai brought down the hammer, sending the nail through her soft flesh, her scream high and agonized and beautiful. Dave began thrashing violently, yelling as loud as he could, blood coursing down his arms.&nbsp; Kai revelled in all of it, his erection becoming almost painful. He brought down the hammer again, burying the head of the nail into the wood. Karyn was shaking, her body tipping backwads, her eyes rolling as she tried to stay concious. Tears poured down her cheeks, her fingers clenched into her back in such extreme pain. Kai traced the curves of her body with the head of the bloody mallet, biting into her left nipple hard. He pulled, clenched his teeth tigther and pulled more until he felt something hot rushing over his tongue. She screamed again, swearing at him, trying desperate to pull away from him. He smile at her, shreds of her flesh between his teeth. He spit it out and pressed his tongue against the wound on her breast where her nipple had been, blood pooling against his lips. He pulled away licking the corners of his mouth and grabbing ahold of her breast again, watching her squirm in pain.

"You will do anything, Karyn. I don't give a fuck if you want to or not, but I'll fucking break you and when I'm bored with you, I'll kill you. I'll kill you and let your pretty little body rot with the rest of them." He kissed her quivering lips deeply, forcing his tongue into her mouth. He could feel her trying to recoil as he clenched her body tighter to his, biting her tongue hard. He pulled away and turned back to Dave, who was still crying and muttering under his breath.

"You know Dave..I can see why Karyn's not so concerned about you, really. It's not really much use to you anyway, is it..I'm sure neither of you would miss it.." Kai crossed his arms, smiling at Dave who's eyes were wide in apprehensive terror. He grabbed a small cart on the other side of the room and pulled it to where Dave was and pulled a length of fishing line out of a drawer on it. He grinned at Dave, sitting on the edge of the bed.

"Oh no..Oh fuck no, no you can't do this..you can't do this to me Man PLEASE ANYTHING BUT THAT!"
Kai wrapped the fishing line tightly around the base of Dave's cock, pulling tighter with each layer until there was a good cord-sized length of wire around his cock. He turned back to look at Karyn, rummaging around on the cart while grinning at her.

"Now this..this is where it gets fun, Karyn. I hope you don't miss anything. I'm sure you'll enjoy this."

Kai pulled a small hand saw out and brought it towards Dave so he could see it, so he could panic and try to fight it. He pressed the teeth of it against Dave's cock, sliding it ever so slowly to the left. Dave began bucking, flailing violently, hooks cutting deep furrows into his wrists now. Kai grabbed ahold of his hips with his left hand, nails digging into his skin as he slid the saw across Dave's cock again, cutting through layers of skin and nerve. Dave's body writhed as he kept sawing at him, his voice cracking as he kept wailing in agony. Karyn was sobbing, looking on helplessly, forced to watch as Kai ripped the rest of Dave's half-severed penis from his crotch. He held it up, looking at it amused.

"Hell..not much of a loss, is it?" Dave threw his head back and screamed, blood pouring from the stump between his legs. His legs twitched, his fingers grasped at nothing, his eyes rolled back as he fainted. Kai turned to Karyn who was too shocked to do or say anything now, her mouth agape in horror. Kai stuffed the severed penis into her open lips, pushing it as far back as he could. She struggled as much as she could, trying weakly to headbutt him but only forcing the thing further down her throat. Kai cut the ropes off of her legs and quickly used one to tie around her face, securing Dave's dick in her mouth. He grabbed her hips and ripped her off of the pyramid, tearing her clit off in the process. Blood trickled from between her legs as her eyes slammed shut, screaming against the thing in her mouth. Her body fell against the conrete, squirming like some legless thing, her fingers clawing at the ropes still around her arms and back. Kai pressed the heel of his boot between her shoulder blades, forcing her face against the cold ground. He turned again to look at Dave, smiling at the agony the boy was in. He was shaking, gasping more than breathing, globules of blood clotting on his pubic hair. Kai realized that Dave would die soon if he didn't do something about the bleeding, decided that it would be far more enjoyable to keep him around longer to watch. He pressed Karyn against the ground one more time, grinding his boot against her before walking across the room again and rummaging in a drawer. 

"Kar..I'm..I'm just sorry..I..god this hurts.." Dave sobbed, craning his head weakly to try and see Karyn on the floor. He gave up, sinking against the headboard, a wave of chills running through him. His head lolled, his vision blurring. Maybe it was the bleeding or just the incredible amount of pain, he tried to let himself fade into the unconciousness, if only to find relief from the agony. 

"Ah..not so quick, I wouldn't want you to miss anything good." Dave smelled something burning before the pain registered, forcing his eyes open to see Kai holding an iron against his stump in an attempt to cauterize it. He screamed out, his balls feeling as if they were on fire.
"I've got no idea if this actually works but hell, no loss if it doesn't, right?" He turned the little knob on the side of the iron up to 10 and pressed it tight against Dave's pubic bone, plumes of steam and smoke rising up from the bloody mess. Dave screamed again, thrashing weakly, succeeding in only getting burnmarks not only on his balls but across his thighs. Kai paused, looking at the iron as if an idea had dawned on him. He looked up at Dave and smiled,
"Hold on a second..I wouldn't want your lovely girlfriend to feel neglected.."

He grabbed Karyn by the leg and dragged her towards the side of the bed, flipping her limp form onto her back. Her shoulder rocked back and forth, unable to get up with her arms still tied behind her back. He crouched over her, the iron still in hand. He grabbed her legs and forced them over her head, holding them with his shoulder. Before she had any idea what was going on, he split open her cunt and wedged the iron there. The smell of sizzling meat wafted up along with more smoke, making Dave gag. Karyn's eyes unleashed another wave of tears as her screams were muffled by Dave's cock still in her throat. Kai held the iron there for a minute longer before sliding it upwards over her stomach, over her tits, and holding it tightly against her cheek. She kicked violently, trying hard and failing to throw him off. He pulled the iron away from her face, melted bits of her flesh adhered to it. Blood poured down the side of her face, matting into her hair. Kai couldn't wait anymore, he cut the ropes off of her face and ripped Dave's severed dick out of her mouth, replacing it with her own. Her screams faded into muffled sobs, her tongue forced against his dick. He slammed her face against the ground, grabbing fistfulls of her hair while he face fucked her. He leaned back, digging his nails into her pussy and fingering her hard. He threw his head back and laughed, cumming into the back of her throat. 
"This is how it should be, Dave..Then again you can't help it if you're..ill equipped to fuck anyone, especially now. Must be nice to finally see Karyn fucked by someone who knows what they're doing, isn't it?" He grabbed the sides of her face, pressing his fingers into the fresh burns, and forced himself deeper inside of her.

"Just fucking kill her already! Please, just fucking kill her! Just kill me! Just end this shit!" Dave screamed, trying again to free his arms, covered in blood due to the hooks now fully embedded into his skin. Kai pushed against her a few more times before pulling out, a trail of his semen laying across her face. He ran his fingers into her mouth and scooped it out, flicking it over at Dave. He slapped him across the face again, forcing his fingers into Dave's mouth, leaving his cum there. Dave gagged, trying to spit it out, and started to dry heave. 
"Oh, just fucking puke already you pussy. You're more of a bitch then your little girl here is, for fuck's sake." He hauled off and punched Dave in the stomache, causing him to puke. Bile dripped down Dave's bruised lips, sliding down his chest and pooling on his stomach. Kai turned back to Karyn who'd apparently gone unconcious in the past five minutes. He grabbed her by the hair and pulled her up onto the bed, throwing her on top of Dave. 
"He's your manwhore, Karyn. Clean him off, will you?" He forced her face onto Dave's stomach, forcing it into the pool of puke on him. When she kept resisting, he got pissed off and kneed her in the back of the head. She tipped sideways off the bed onto the floor, her hands shaking weakly.
"Please..Please just let me go..I don't even care what you do to him just..just fucking let me live.."
Dave's eyes went wide at that, anger now added to his agony. Kai threw back his head again and laughed, echoing off the walls in the basement.

"Oh, I never would've seen that coming..Karyn, I admire your honesty. I'm more than happy to give you what you want, then."
Kai locked a collar around her neck and chained it to the headboard of the bed, keeping her on the floor but well within reach. Dave stared down at her hatefully, tears welling up in his eyes. 
"You fucking whore..I hope he kills you, I hope he fucking rapes you until it kills you..Fucking bitch! I loved..I loved you!"
Kai sat on the opposite side of the bed, running a finger over the handle of the handsaw again.
"Ah, women..Self preservation at their finest..Wouldn't you say so, Dave?" The teeth of the saw began to bite through Dave's left arm, tendon and muscle fraying, blood spurting out of it. He gritted his teeth, whining out of his throat. Karyn began to scream from the floor, trying to get out of the spray of Dave's blood and failing, bits of his skin fell onto her. Dave's arm fell from his should, still attached to the metal chains. He looked at it, eyes almost comically huge, gasping in shock. His eyes fluttered and his head fell back again as he fainted. Kai shook his head, beginning to saw off his other arm.
"What a fucking pussy..How'd you ever put up with him, Karyn?" 

Dave's other arm flopped uselessly onto the bed which now seemed to be saturated in Dave's blood. His chest heaved, heart pounding blood out of the open wounds. Kai set the saw aside and sat there, admiring his handiwork. He ran a finger over his lips thoughtfully, thinking how he would end this bastard's life. He looked over to the little cart of ideas, finally deciding on a jigsaw. He flicked the saftey off, making sure the battery was charged. He looked over at Karyn and smiled at her, turning the thing on.

"You said you wanted him dead..Enjoy the show, bitch." Karyn tried desperately to claw at Kai, screaming at him to stop, screaming that she hadn't been serious. Dave began to come to just as the saw penetrated his skin just above his ruined pelvis. It cut through layers of his skin and muscle, organs and tissue. His throat was hoarse from screaming all night, all that came out of his mouth now were wheezes and gags. He stares down in horror, watching his body being destroyed. Kai forced the saw up, cutting Dave's gut open straight down the middle. His organs flopped out, intestines ripped to shreds, a fresh spew of vomit poured out of his mouth. Kai gave up the saw and dropped it off the side of the bed, reaching instead of the mallet. He broke the rest of Dave's ribs, each crack ringing out in the cacophany of screams and wet noises. He swung the mallet against the side of Dave's face, breaking his jaw. He raised it again, burying it into Dave's forehead. His body began to twitch, dying slowly, agonizingly. Strands of golden hair landed in the puddle where his stomach used to be, covered in gore. Karyn was pressed tightly against the wall, screaming incessantly, trying again to pull free of the chains. Kai dropped the blood covered mallet and picked her up, throwing her onto the bed next to Dave's still-twitching body. 

"Oh god no, no please don't make me look at him..Oh Dave...Dave I'm sorry.."

Kai grabbed her face and forced it against Dave's, forcing her to look into his dead blue eyes.
"No, this was your idea Karyn. Look at him, look into those eyes and really see him. Stare death in the face." He forced her hand over Dave's guts, laughing when she sobbed, her hands shaking and coming back slathered in blood. He pulled her face to his again, forcing his mouth against hers. Dave's blood, her blood, the tastes mixing in his mouth, covering his face, arousing him even further. 
"You selfish little bitch..He even said he loved you..Now you've got no one to cry to, do you?" He pushed her onto her stomach on top of Dave, pushing into her wet cunt. Her body fell against his corpse, her breasts rubbing in the mess of broken ribs and shredded skin. Kai dug his nails into her sides, raking deep furrows into her soft skin, pushing himself deeper into her. She sobbed against Dave's body, her pussy tightening around him, Kai moaned loudly and slapped her hard across the ass. He pounded her harder, her legs shaking as she began to trickle against his cock. He snickered, grabbing her by her hair. 
"Don't even bother denying that you like it..You love every fucking second of it, don't you?"
He fell back and pulled her on top of him, forcing her to ride him, pushing himself as deep as he possibly could. He watched her skin ripple everytime she bounced on him, her shoulders rising and falling, her fingers pressing against his legs. He felt himself tighten as he was about to let go and threw her back onto her stomach, pulling her ass up and burying himself into her asshole. She screamed out, trying to fight against him but giving up quickly, going back to just crying against Dave's body. He pounded her harder, feeling her ass contracting around him, almost painfully tight. Kai gritted his teeth, groaning loudly as he came deep inside of her. His body shook against her, he bit down hard on his lip as she cried out. He kept at it until he felt himself getting soft, his cum drizzling out of her ass. He pulled out and wiped his cock off on her back, leaving streams on her back. His eyes happened upon the saw on the floor and he got an idea suddenly, as he wasn't going to kill Karyn anytime soon. She was far too enjoyable to waste, he'd keep her around for a while longer. 

"I've decided not to kill you..not yet, at least." He looked down on her on the floor, admiring the way her little body shook, the contrast of the blood against her skin.
"However..I will hold on to you for a while..I need to make sure you won't get away anytime soon.."
He sawed through her arms easily, holding her flailing body down. He forced his cock into her mouth while he was cutting off her second arm, her shaking and screaming had gotten him turned on again quickly. He took off both of her legs above the knee, leaving her limbless and defenseless, a perfect fuck toy for him. He felt her trying to buck her hips against him to get him off, still struggling regardless of how weak it was at this point. Her eyes were red from sobbing, her skin stained with both her and Dave's blood. Kai finished again, pulling out before doing so and cumming onto her face. He stood up and pulled his pants back up, admiring both her and Dave. He'd accomplished quite a bit in one night. He threw her limbs into his furnace, there was no real use for them unattached. He used the iron again in an attempt to cauterize her stumps, hoping to at least keep her for another night or two. He threw her back onto the bed with Dave, leaving her unable to get away from the body.

"Well, Karyn..Quite the night you've had, no? I hope you enjoyed yourself as much as I have..I can't say as much for poor Dave there, not that he had much to enjoy with." 
He ran his fingertips over Karyn's ruined face, smiling hatefully. Her lips quivered, hate and pain mixing in her eyes.
"You fucking sick bastard..you're going to rot for this.."
Kai chuckled, walking away from her and shutting off the light.

"No, my dear. You're going to rot, you and Dave both. Just wait until tomorrow night.
This was just a preview."










*(Dedicated to a certain special Monster, you know who you are)


Chapter Four




Karyn's eyes twitched open at the sound of the heavy door, pulling her out of her nightmares into an even worse one. Her legs were still throbbing, burning. Just breathing was almost agonizing-her body covered with burns, bruises and cuts.

"Had a pleasant sleep, my dear?"

That voice, that fucking voice. Always so mocking, so cruel, so..

"I see poor Dave here won't be joining us for anymore of the festivities now, will he? His loss, really..wasn't it?" A bloody and purple-ish colored penis came into her field of vision and waggled about. It took her a few seconds to remember who's that was, and why it wasn't attached anymore. Her sore, tear-stained eyes let loose another wave of sobs at the painful realiziation that none of it was a dream. Both of her legs stopped at the knees, having been amputated the night before. Her entire face felt like one massive bruise. Her cunt felt like it was on fire, and he'd managed to rip her clitoris off. 

"I hope you're ready for another night, my little whore." She could see that hateful grin of his already, metal glinting off the overhead light. 
"I'm going to fucking tear you apart." 
A voice that might've been beautiful, if it hadn't been so cruel. 


Kai's eyes drifted over Karyn's beaten form, shattered, helpless, beautiful. She was perfect.



He forced her up, threw her against the concrete wall besides the bed. She turned her head away from the ruined shape of her former lover, not wanting to see that mess of blood and flesh and agony anymore. His lips brushed over her cheekbones, across her neck and shoulder, sending shivers all over her. His long, spidery fingrers ran down her sides and curves, his nails digging into her hips. She winced and cried out against the wall, tears slipping down her cheeks. 

"You are..such a perfect peice of trash". 
He whispered into her ear, biting down hard on her shoulder. He pushed hard against her, forcing himself into her. He fucked her hard, slamming her battered form against the cold wall, leaving imprints of concrete all over her skin. He dug his fingers into her scalp and wrenched her head back, her cunt spasming around him. He pulled out and threw her to the floor, loving the heavy noise she made when she hit that hard, rough concrete.
She tried weakly to push him away, her hands flailing against his chest, her abused throat choking out sobs as he forced her legs up over her head and shoved himself into her ass. He forced her shoulders against the ground, her body contracting against him, her heart pounding in her chest. 

"Scream! Scream, you little fucking whore!"

He backhanded her, splitting her top lip open. She cried out in pain, in fear, in exhaustion. She just wanted to die, wanted this to be over with. She stared up into his face, beautiful and filled with so much hate. His strange amber eyes locked onto hers, the edges of his lips twitched into that sinister grin.

"How can you do this...how can you be so fucking cruel?" She sobbed quietly, turning her head away from him, unable to keep up his stare. 
Thrusting into her, his mind began to wander on the subject of&nbsp; her question. How had this all started..


The pain thing, that was easy. That'd been there forever, or it might as well have. Kai couldn't remember a time when he didn't enjoy hurting someone or watching them be hurt. As a young boy, he'd found horror movies fascinating, the intimate death scenes specifically. While most boys his age were feeling the effects of puberty while watching soft-core romance flicks, Kai found himself entranced with movies like Halloween and the old vampire movies. The gorier, the better; The more drawn out and agonizing, the more it turned him on. One night when he was 12,&nbsp; His father had come home to find him on the couch watching some old splatter movie, his hand fidgeting in his pants. He beat Kai so badly that for weeks, he couldn't walk without wincing, and he couldn't sleep on his back for over a month. After the beating, he'd been sent to his room, to 'think about what he'd done wrong'. Kai knew he'd done no wrong, no more than any man who jacked off to porn did (although his father didn't grasp this point, being a heavy Christian and denying his sexuality alltogether). He stood in his mirror, looking at the deep red belt marks over his back. He ran his fingers over them, feeling the raised texture against his fingertips, marvelling at how sensitive the welts were to the touch. He'd been confused at the time as to why he had a hard on, standing in his room and wondering what it'd feel like if he had been on the giving end of a beating like that. 
But that was just the tip of his sadism iceberg, however. For years, Kai hid his desire to hurt others from his parents, as much as he could at least. He'd gotten in to fights near constantly at school, for 'being a fag', for being smart, for not being them. And everytime he'd sent them home with black eyes, broken bones, and a healthy fear of that weird kid in the corner. His parents had narrowly avoided several lawsuits (one of which was from a girl who's knee cap he'd obliterated with a hockeystick) and for this, Kai's father was always reminding him of how awful he was, how "Not even god could forgive a boy like him". He took their punishments, rehearsed his false apologies, and pretended to give a shit. As soon as they'd turn their backs, as soon as he was in his room, he'd go back to fantasizing, to drawing his dismembered girls, to pushing sewing needles through his skin. All through high school, he'd dream of prom queens in ball gags and metal collars, of cheerleaders cut to bits. He'd daydream in class of strangling the pretty girl in front of him, while writing it down in his notebook. He got in fights more often, and loved it more and more. 

And then he met Amy. 
Quiet, unpopular, unusual. Amy was the girl of his dreams. Amy loved the same movies Kai loved, the same music, and most importantly, she had no problem with his violent dreams. Amy was the first girl he'd ever had sex with, in her parents bedroom while they weren't home. Kai had been apprehensive about it, knowing more about the autopsy process than how to be around girls. He'd kissed her, his hands running over her back, his nails pressing just against her. She pulled away from him grinning, and pulled off her shirt. He'd been confused, terrified. He stared at her in awe, in obsession. She pulled him towards her and kissed his neck. He felt her hand against his thigh as she whispered in his ear.

"I want to fuck you. Now."

He'd had nothing to say to that, let her pull of his clothes in a frenzy, she crawled on top of him and began kissing him. She slid down around his cock, wet and tight and perfect. Her hands found hers, fingers tight around eachother's. She rode him for what felt like hours, raking her nails across his chest while she did. Neither of them heard the front door being unlocked, they were both too absorbed in eachother. Kai pulled her tight against him as he climaxed, cumming deep inside her. The bedroom door swung open it happened, Amy moaning too loud to notice until she heard her mother scream. Slapped out of his dream, Kai jumped up knocking Amy off of him, flailing to find his pants and be gone as quickly as possible. Amy's father, a huge fat mountain of a man, flew at him in a rage. He ducked out of the man's path and flew over the bed and out the front door. His pants were still unbuttoned, he'd forgotten his shirt, and he couldn't remember how to button his jacket. He looked down to see his hands shaking. All the joy that should've been there from his first time had vanished and been replaced with a sinking, dreadful feeling. Amy's parents would never let him in that house again, and he'd be amazed if they'd even let her see him. He ran home, heart pounding, brain already scheming. 



Walking to school the next day he saw her across the road and booked, hoping to talk to her, praying that things would be alright. He could tell something was wrong before he even got all the way there, her usually perfect makeup was smudgy, her short black hair was fuzzed up, her dark lips were puffy from crying.

"Amy, what happened? Is everything okay after yesterday? I'm so fucking sorry.." She tried to keep walking from him and stopped, muffling her sobs.
"My parents won't let me see you again, Kai. They want to press charges, they're trying to say you raped me!"

Rape. The word bounced around his head, taunting him like some kind of rare delicacy. 

"I didn't you know that..we.." He realized that his nails were digging into her shoulder, pulling her tight against him.
"I fucking know that, you idiot. I fucked you, you were too afraid to make a move so I figured I would first."
Her eyes were full of spite, and for all the world Kai couldn't understand why. They'd had sex because they loved eachother, he thought. It was a mutual thing, it was a beautiful thing..wasn't it?
"Kai..we..I have to break this off. I'm sorry, I just..I can't."
His heart dropped. He felt like the world stopped moving, his head was swimming. Unknowingly, his grip on her shoulder grew tighter.
"Amy, you can't..I love you, you can't leave me.."
She shook her head and pulled free from his hand, sighing heavy.
"I'm sorry, Kai. My parents will kill me if they see you anywhere near me, they're having all the teachers make sure we're not around eachother..they're even changing our classes.."

He felt something flick on in his mind, like a fan in a hot room.

"..I can kill them, Amy..I can make sure we'll be together."
Her eyes grew wide, her face twisted in disgust as she shoved him backwards.
"What, my parents!? You sick fuck, you're not killing anyone! I'm sick of your crazy bullshit, Kai. This isn't a movie! This is fucking reality, get over your stupid death obsession already. Great, and now I'm fucking late..."
She pushed him aside and ran the rest of the way to the school. He stood there, not caring if he was late or not. He didn't care who saw them, who heard the conversation. He felt his hands clenching into fists, nails digging deep into his palms. The pain felt good, but the skin giving way to his nails felt even better. He wondered how Amy would feel, her skin splitting open in front of him, her soft body giving way to his fists. Kai smiled, and began to walk to Amy's house. He had to plan her surprise. 


History was impossible to concentrate on normally, having just broken up with a wannabe serial killer just made it harder. Amy sat there and pretended to listen to her teacher droning on, wondering if she should call the cops and have him arrested for the death threat. Maybe she'd get a restraining order, Kai seemed like the type to linger around and beg for another chance or some shit. Or maybe, she could just find a new boyfriend, to beat the piss out of him. The more she thought about it, the more nervous she got, knowing that Kai not only knew where she lived, but where her parents worked. She decided that skipping a few more classes wouldn't kill her, she could 'convince' some of her guy friends to give her the notes after anyway. History ended and Amy left through the side entrance of the high school, jogging nervously back to her house, hoping that she was just being paranoid. After all, what could Kai really do? 

Just like she'd expected, Amy's house was silent, her parents weren't home. There were no blood splatters, no gunholes, no murder. She let a relieved sigh and shut the door behind her. She turned to go into her bedroom and stopped for a second. Something wasn't right, something felt off.  She shrugged it off and went in, pushing the door shut. She dropped her messenger bag in the corner and began to unzip her long coat as she noticed her closet door ajar. 

"Well, that's kind of weird..whatever"
She reached out to shut the door, feeling the sudden urge to look over her shoulder

"Thought we were over, didn't you?"
She heard his voice before she felt the sudden weight of him against her, holding her body against the wall. She screamed out, trying to fight him off. He caught her leg when she kicked at him and twisted, throwing her to the floor. Before she could scramble for the knife in her bag, she felt his boot come down hard enough on her chest to knock the wind out of her. She stared up at him, clawing at his leg. He looked insane, his eyes seemed to almost glow. His face split into a crazed grin as he squatted down onto her chest.

"I told you I loved you, Amy..you didn't seem to believe me..and if I can't have you, then none of those assholes will."
He traced her lips with his fingers, running his hands over her face. She shook her head and spat at him, kneeing him in the gut. 
"Fuck you, psycho boy. I should've listened to everyone, you're fucking insane!' She tried to shove past him to get at the door, but he tripped her again, sending her to the floor. 
"I'd say I'm sorry but, I don't feel there's a reason to lie to you, dear. It's not like you'll be telling anyone else our secrets."

Amy's head spun, the impact of her hardwood floor jarring her. While she was on the ground, Kai dug into his bag and pulled out a long, a pair of rubber cleaning gloves. He straddled her hips, feeling himself get hard all of a sudden. He smiled at her, holding her arms down with his knees. Amy was surprised at how strong he was, regardless of how lanky he looked. She bucked, tried to swing at him, kicked as much as she could and didn't manage to get him off of her. 

"Listen, Kai, just get the hell out of here now and maybe I won't have to call the cops?"
He chuckled, pulling the bag off of her bed towards him. She began to say something else but his left hand shot out against her throat, choking it off. He tightened his fist, marvelling at the way her throat struggled to work, the way her voice wheezed. Something deep inside him went, he realized just how badly he'd always wanted this. He rummaged in the bag and pulled out a roll of ducttape. He pulled his hand off her throat just long enough for her to get barely a gasp and threw her onto her stomach. Kai pulled her flailing arms behind her and taped them heavily, no easy task with the large rubber gloves. He did the same with her ankles, until her range of motion was squirming and craning her head to try and bitch at him. He rolled her onto her back and stood up to admire his work.

"Alright, enough of this shit Kai! This isn't fucking funny! I broke up with you and that's it, you're not going to scare me into taking you back so FUCK YOU!"
He laughed, shaking his head.
"Oh, Amy. You always were a little stupid for me. This is indeed, very funny. It's just a joke that's a little, how can I say this, at your expense? You see, I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you, and get rid of you. Your parents don't care about you, they just want to brag about their smart little college girl someday. No one likes you, I'm the only one that ever gave a damn. And soon, no one will ever know you existed. Well, except for me." He laughed again and began to cut off her shirt with a pair of scissors from her desk. Her face began to change from anger to nervousness, which she tried uselessly to hide. He tore what was left of her shirt off, tossed it into his bag. A few snips down the front and her miniskirt came off without a problem. Lying there in her bra and thong, he was reminded of the previous day when they'd made love. This would be different, much different. The anticipation was driving him crazy, he dick was throbbing against his jeans. He hooked the scissors under a strap on her thong and snipped, ripping the rest of it off. Amy stared up at him in fear, her eyes huge like a deer's. Kai relished that look, took it in, wallowed in it. 

"Kai..please don't..please don't fucking do this.."

He unbuttoned his jeans and let them fall to his knees, his hardon rubbing against her skin. He straddled her, pushing deep into her pussy. The other day, it'd felt great, her on top of him bouncing, laughing, loving it. Today, it was incredible. Tears were welling up in her eyes, she was gritting her teeth and swearing at him, her pussy was contracting around him. And this time, he was the one who was laughing. It was beautiful, it was perfect. It was right. 
He pulled out of her and grabbed her by the hair, forcing her head into his lap. Her lips slid over his cock, makeup streaming down her cheeks in little black floods. She gagged at first as he pushed into her, until her lips were brushing his pubic hair. His eyes fluttered, his body shook. He moaned, twisting his fingers in her hair. He pulled off his belt and slipped it around her neck, tightening it. He listened to her gasping between slurps, sobbing when whe wasn't sucking his cock. He felt himself come, spurting into her face. He pulled her up by her hair to see his come glistening on her face, mingling with her eyeliner. She was shaking, she was terrified. She knew what was coming. Kai kissed her deeply, feeling her recoil from him. He threw her onto her back and dug into his bag again, pulling out a long hunting knife. 

"You know, my dad gave this to me years ago..I always knew I'd find a use for it." He ran a finger over the edge of it, blood welling up a second afterwards.
Amy clenched her eyes tightly shut and cried, pleading with him.
"Kai, please no! Please, just don't fucking kill me, I won't press charges, I won't even tell anyone! I won't leave you just please, don't fucking kill me!"
He moved her legs apart as much as he could and split open her lips with her fingers, looking at her pussy. He ran the tip of the knife against her wet cunt, poking at her clit. He smirked when he heard her suck in her breath, terrified. Without a warning, he rammed the knife into her and twisted it violently. He fucked her with it, blood pouring out of her, small bits of flesh falling around the knife. She began to scream, her body shaking in agony. He shoved one of her socks into her mouth, to keep her a little quieter, and went back to the knife. He watched as slices of her flesh fell, until her pussy seemed to be a puddle of blood and chunks. He wrenched the knife out and buried it into her left shoulder, wiggling it around a bit. Amy's eyes rolled back as she fainted, from blood loss or pain, or whatever. Kai didn't care, as he felt her bleeding, wet cunt pulling him in again. He looked down to see his cock covered in her blood, trickling down his legs, saturating her rug. He pounded her, raking his nails over her tight little stomach, his balls slapping against her ass. He bit down on his lip, groaning loudly. He could barely believe this was happening, it was like a million of his dreams only better. He could feel her heard pounding, her body shaking, her pussy..It was too perfect. He wrenched the knife from her shoulder and waited until her eyes fluttered open again, blood trickling out of the edges of her mouth. 
"Kai..I...I..hate..you.."
She gurgled out as he slit the knife across her throat, and rammed the heel of his hand into her windpipe. Amy's body spasmed, her eyes rolling back into her head, her lips twitching. He felt her beginning to go limp, felt her heartbeat beginning to weaken. Kai realized now that he'd just killed her, just murdered her. He'd ended someone's life. He laughed, loud and hard. He kept pushing into her cunt, grabbing ahold of her tits and squeezing them. He kept at it until it hurt, until he couldn't hold himself any longer and came inside her, filling her shredded insides with his cum. He pulled out, a long stream of red and white clinging to his dick. He pulled open her lips, her dead lips he thought to himself, and forced his dick inside. He sat there for a second, until his cock went soft, wanting to cherish this moment for as long as he could. He pulled himself out and wiped his dick off on the inside of the bag he'd brought with him. From the same bag, he pulled out a brand new saw he'd 'borrowed' from his father, and set to dismembering her. He couldn't believe what he'd just done, more than that he couldn't believe that it'd all worked-so far, at least. He had to keep in mind, his plan was only 3/4 through. As he severed Amy's head, he looked into her dead eyes one last time. Such a beautiful girl, so many good times. He smiled to himself as he wrapped that in saran wrap and put it in the bag, with the rest of her limbs. Now, only her torso remained. He ran his fingers over her neck, licked the blood off of it, pushed his dick into her pussy for the last time. He fucked her torso, pushing his gloved fingers deep where he'd severed her head. After he finished again, he cut her torso in half, wrapped those and threw them into the bag with the rest. He didn't have long now, as the bag was painfully heavy and regardless of the saran wrap, would begin to smell soon. He changed into another set of clothes he'd brough with him and tossed the dirty ones into the bag with the rest of his dirty secrets, and headed for the Susquehanna bridge. As he set the bag of his former girlfriend into the river, he felt a bittersweet pang in his chest. Not for killing her, not in the least. He sighed, wondering if he'd ever be able to feel that again, hoping that this first wouldn't be his last. 


Kai snapped back to 2008 and remembered what he was doing, staring down at Karyn's helpless body. He pulled his cock out of her and thrust it into her mouth, facefucking her hard against the ground. His hips rammed against her shoulders, her head bouncing off the concrete. He finished and pulled out of her, slamming her skull heavily against the ground. He pulled his pants back up and stood, looking at her. No, Karyn was no Amy. She'd cracked too easily, too..they all did..maybe it was all futile. He was starting to think he'd never find another one like his first, no matter how much he tortured a girl or destroyed her, it was nothing like Amy..even Mandy, as wonderful as that'd been, hadn't been the same..Maybe it was the connection, maybe because at one point Amy had cared for him, that it had felt so good to destroy her. Kai didn't know, and he didn't care too much. A swift kick into Karyn's ribs, her contorted little body, it made him smile. He would keep looking until he found the perfect girl, the perfect experience. And then after that, he'd find another one. And another. He always did. He chained Karyn back to the bed with Dave's corpse, shut off the light, slammed the door, and went back to the rest of the world. 










Chapter Five

"This is getting boring, you know" He sighed, breathing out a cloud of smoke as he did. Her lips twitched, face a mess of bruises and cuts, barely any skin showing through his handiwork. He glared at her sidelong, the edge of his mouth lilting up into a smirk, a tangle of thick black hair dangling into his eyes. "You've stopped trying, Karyn. " The girl moaned, swollen eyes never leaving the ground. Kai had realized years ago that breaking someone was the fun part; a mindless, willing slave was beyond boring to him, if he wanted that, he would just fuck a corpse. What got him off, what made it a good time for him was the screams, the struggling, the pleading, and above all the terror. 

Kai sighed again, rubbing his forehead as he finished the cigarette and flicked it, still glaring at Karyn. After a long pause he stood up and shrugged, mumbling "Oh, the hell with it." He grabbed hold of the chain holding Karyn to the bed and, respectively, to her dead boyfriend. He unhooked it, wrapped one end around his hand and threw Karyn onto the filthy concrete, forcing her down with his boot. "You girls, you're all the fucking same...no spark, no survival instinct, not a goddamned thing..." He swung the heavy chain and lashed it across her face, catching one of her eyes. Karyn cried out, a dry wheeze and cringed, futilely trying to worm herself away from him. He watched for a second, tilting his head in a bored amusement before he stomped down on the back of her hips, forcing a muffled crunch out of her already destroyed body. He stomped again and swung the chain, connecting with her face, knocking out what teeth were left. 

Before Karyn could react he dropped down on top of her, wrapping the chain around her neck and pulling tight. Her eyes fluttered, fear changing into some kind of acceptance, her lips quivering. Kai snarled, too aware that all Karyn wanted at this point wasto die and let go of the chain, letting her breathe again. His right hand curled into a fist and he swung, knocking her jaw off to the side with a loud pop. Karyn screamed, clenching her eyes tight, weakly bucking her hips against him and he grinned. At least this was a bitbetter, he thought, at least this way she won't go painlessly. He brought down his fist again, and again, beating her face until her skin started to give way and her screams melted into one, droning howl of pain. 

He crawled off her and flipped her over, grabbing hold of her hair and slammed her face into the concrete, her face making a sound like raw hamburger hitting the ground. He stood, up, lit another cigarette and took a hard kick at her head, almost throwing her over. He breathed in deep, shuddered and stamped down hard on the back of her skull, crushing her nose. Karyn vomited again, more as a reflex than anything, bile and blood mixing in a mess around her ruined face. He grabbed hold of her hair again and swung her hard, tossing her limbless body against the wall, a trail of blood flinging through the air after her. He stood over her, fingers twitching, eyes blazing with an almost inhuman hate and he inhaled again. "You're done, darling. You've about bored me to death." He brought his boot down once more, against her throat. 

As her windpipe collapsed, Karyn's eyes fluttered and she gasped for air, blood gurgling up between her lips. He crouched down and watched her spasm, watching her cunt contract and her stumps shaking. Good riddancehe found himself thinking. She'd become more of a chore than anything, increasingly boring to him. He still wanted a challenge, wanted someone to break, not a bitch who was already used to crawling around and servicing anything that asked. He cut her in half and tossed her top half into the furnace, deciding to keep the lower half around a little longer. 

Kai hadn't always hated women, although it was something that he'd picked up fairly early on in life, cemented as he grew older. However, if there was a turning point, he was fairly sure he could pinpoint it, and even put a name to it. Her name was Becky, he'd met her in college&nbsp; (For a brief time he'd half-assedly thought of going into surgery, dropping out rather quickly when he realized his interests were ending lives, not preserving them). She'd been studying her LPN, clueless as a kindergartener of anything beyond daddy's money and 'art rock'. 

Kai had met her when she was 19 and he was 22, fucking around and wasting the money that he'd been born with. He assumed that'd been what attracted her in the first place, the money. His family had been well off enough, and after a string of particularly awful jobs he'd saved up a hefty amount of money and moved out on his own. While still working nights at a warehouse, he'd been left with ample time to dabble in his own interests, particularly painting. When he'd lucked out and sold a few pieces online (there wasn't much market for mutilation art in Binghamton he'd realized early on) for decent sums, he decided to go full bore into it, though he kept the warehouse job so he'd have a constant flow of income. A few months afterward, his family began trying to contact him, deciding that he was no longer a black sheep once he'd learned how to earn money and make a name for himself. Essentially an opportunist, he'd allowed it, if only for the added financial benefit. So, Kai had decided to go college at 22, pursuing the ever popular Liberal Arts degree fucking around more than anything, learning slowly why he'd always been antisocial and more importantly, adopting what he thought of as his 'enlightened' attitude towards women. Becky had been one of the girls to reiterate this outlook. 

Kai had known from the moment he'd laid eyes on Becky that she was a moron, the way she carried herself with the false confidence garnered from one night stands and a lifetime of being 'the hot chick'. So when the rest of the college and seemingly the world was fawning over her, Kai occupied himself with things he actually gave half a damn about; his art, learning the ins and outs of the human body, and studying people. He spent countless hours in the food court, watching people and their interactions, the way they lied and loved. He filled countless sketchbooks with them, characitures and mutilations,pretty girls in the most awful circumstances. 

It was one of these days that Becky must have decided that Kai was "dramatic" enough for her, as out of the blue his musings were interrupted by a Valley Girl-esque voice, crooning "Oh, can I see those? I just loveartists." Kai glared up at her, smirking the tiniest bit and whispered "Of course", pushing the sketchbook out as she invited herself to sit down. He watched her reactions, covering his mouth to stifle laughter as she paged through the strange mixture of intestines strewn about, girls raped with their own limbs, beautifully sketched portraits and strange, gory cartoons. She stopped, blue-green eyes widening on one page in particular, one he'd done a few weeks back. "...That's me" she said, a mixture of nervousness and pride crossing her features. Kai looked over and nodded, shrugging as he sat back. "Yeah, I draw a lot of the girls in here. You must've been sitting in here one of the days." 

He couldn't help laughing at the obvious look of hurt in her eyes at what must've seemed to her like rejection. He assumed she'd been waiting to hear some long-winded love rant, how her eyes had been radiant or some such bullshit. Kai could've given a shit, he'd only drawn her because he thought he could use it later. She screamed "victim" to him. 

Though the memory of killing Amy was still as fresh in his head as yesterday, Kai had killed two other girls since. One had been on an out of town trip to Montreal, and the other had been a few months back, a woman he'd abducted from under the Susquehanna bridge. He looked up at Becky, cocking his head and staring her down. She was a good foot shorter than him, short spiky black hair framing her face, not at all unattractive. She tilted her head and smiled, pushing her shoulders and chest forward, cleavage pushing against the unbuttoned top of the ruffled black shirt she was wearing.

"What're you thinking about?" Kai shrugged, never leaving eye contact with her. "Not a thing, my dear. Not a damn thing." Of course, he wouldn't have told her that he'd been imaging her with fishhooks in those huge tits of hers, wouldn't have admitted to wanting to shove his cock so far down that pretty white throat that she puked. Everyone knew Becky was a daddy's girl, a rich lawyer'sdaddy's girl. So he kept himself in check, all the while dreaming and wishing. 

Over the next few months he found himself seeing a lot more of Becky than he'd really wanted to, half teasing him and half annoying the hell out of him. He'd ended up in the same anatomy class as her, and of course she'd decided her seat hadto be directly next to him, where she could complain and whine on about things he could give a shit about. Kai took down notes, drew sketches of body parts, all the while categorizing it away into his reptilian brain, knowing that it would all come in handy eventually and so, maybe, would all of these interactions with Becky. While his fantasies of killing her never disappeared, he did learn to subdue them, taking to painting increasingly realistic depictions of his dreams. She flirted with him incessantly, never once picking up on the fact that he had no real interest in her. One day she'd ran after him on the way to his car, grabbed hold of his sleeve and almost got slapped for it. 

"What the fuck do you want?" Kai snapped, whirling around to see her eyes wide and terrified. "Nothing...I just wanted to..talk to you..." she trailed off, looking down at the ground. He crossed his arms, glaring down at her. "Well, talk, I'm standing right here." She looked up, eyes huge and saturated with false apology. "Nothing, I just...wanted to see if you wanted to go out sometime?" Kai sighed and shrugged. "I don't go out much, I'm not exactly...social." She looked off again, laying on the shy act obnoxiously thick. "Well, I could always just come over and...look at your paintings." She looked up at him, bright eyes huge and lustful. Kai realized that she had no real dating in mind, she just wanted to fuck him and he figured there'd be no pain in that. "You know what, fine. Get in, I've got nothing better to do anyway." Becky started to say something and he stepped towards her, petting the back of her hair. "Do you want to come over or not? I'll drive you back here later." Kai was glad she didn't notice that he was grinning as he got into the car and pealed out of the crammed college parking lot. 

"Damn...And I thought myfamily was rich..." Becky looked over the cold stainless steel kitchen, spotless down to the counters, even the fridge devoid of smudges. She stood in the doorway, looking around like she was afraid if she touched something it might break. Kai opened a cupboard, pulled out two smoky glasses and reached into the refrigerator, calling over his shoulder "You know, you cansit down" as he pulled out a half empty bottle of Stoli. He poured a glass for himself and looked over at Becky, nestled into one corner of the black leather couch that dominated his living room. "You want anything to drink?" Something akin to unease crossed over Becky's features before she shrugged and forced her smile again. "I'll have whatever you're having." Kai snickered, and poured the other glass. 

It hadn't shocked him at all when she choked, her face reddening as she struggled to stomach the vodka, her eyes even watering. 

"You know, you don't have to show off for me, Becky" he laughed a bit, shaking his head. She coughed a few times and smiled weakly, responding "Well, I don't want to be a bother..." Kai stood up and pulled the glass out of her hand, drinking it himself and setting it on the counter, and following it with his own glass. Becky stared on amazed and watched as he headed back to the refrigerator, pulled out a bottle of red wine and poured it into the two glasses. He slid back into the couch and handed one glass to her. She looked at him for a moment before taking it, her eyes reluctantly catching his. "What?" He finally asked, for once genuinely curious. She looked down again, apparently unable to hold eye contact with him for long. "Nothing...I just...I like your eyes." Kai raised an eyebrow and snickered, leaning his elbow on the back of the couch. "Is that supposed to be odd to me? I've heard it all my life, and thanks. You've got a lot of fear in your own eyes...why is that?" 

Becky looked up at him briefly and looked away again, her cheeks flushing as she emptied the glass of wine. "I-I don't know...weird, isn't it?" She laughed nervously, fidgeting with her hands. "Mhmm. I'm sure you don't, dear..." Becky bit her lip and looked at him, half-mumbling "Look, I don't want you to hate me but...I have to tell you something, Kai..." He nodded, waiting, feigning disinterest. Becky looked up at him, her eyes quivering as she whispered "I have a boyfriend..." 

He raised an eyebrow, snorted and leaned back. "And? You came here of your own volition, you invited yourself. What are you telling me ?" And now her eyes were watering, practiced tears threatening to spill over her heavy eyelashes. Kai noted, appreciatively, that they were naturally thick, and she barely wore makeup. "I just didn't want to hurt you." This time, Kai laughed out loud, shaking his head. "Oh, Becky...trust me, you're not hurting me. I assumed you came here for your own...reasons. If this boyfriend of yours is stopping you, then admit it. If you could care less, then I couldn't give a goddamn. I've got no moral obligations." She looked amazed, confused at what he'd just said. "You...don't have a problem with cheating?" He narrowed his eyes, grinning at her as he toyed with his labret. "Well, apparently neither do youmy dear...but I will say, you do look awfullypretty with tears in your eyes." Becky recoiled, a mixture of shock and offense on her pretty face as Kai grabbed hold of her hand. "What a cruel thing to say..." His grin widened as he leaned towards her, brushing his nails over her wrist. "Well, I never said I was a nice guy, did I?" 

Something about that seemed to set her off, before Kai realized it Becky was wrapping her hands around his head, kissing him wet and sloppy. He slid his hands up the nearly nonexistent denim skirt she was wearing, tugging at the lacy black boy shorts underneath. She pulled away gasping, unbuttoning her shirt off as she looked away, spreading her fingers through his hair. She buried her head against his neck, sucking on his skin and whispering in his ear "I've wanted to do this since I saw you in the food court, you're just so goddamn weird and hot..." She moved tight against him, unbuttoning his shirt, her hips pressing into his. He grabbed her hair and pulled her head up, staring at her. "Then, why won't you look at me?" He half-hissed, yanking her hair again.&nbsp; 

She looked away and kept unbuttoning his shirt, her fingers soft and cool against his skin. She tugged his nipple ring, scratching across his chest lightly. He pulled her hair again, forcing her head back. "Fucking look at me" he whispered, pushing her back. The fear was in her eyes again, huge and unsure, as taunting to him as her body itself. She unhooked her bra, still looking at him, her eyes wet again. Kai couldn't wait anymore, watching her afraid of him had been enough so far and he threw her back onto the couch, tearing her underwear off.

 Before she had a chance for second thoughts, he slid into her, hot wetness enveloping him. Becky gasped, grabbed at the couch and moved her legs apart. He stared down at her, thoughts of chains and hooks invading his mind again, the need to hurt seeping through him. He raked his nails over her pale stomach, grabbing hold of her hips roughly and grinding deep into her. She closed her eyes, moaning softly, moving her hips with him, whispering quietly. He grabbed her legs and forced them up against her chest, fucking her deeper, staring down at the mix of pain and enjoyment on her face. "You want it harder? You like it to hurt, don't you?" Becky moaned, shuddered and nodded. He grinned, knowing that she'd likely gotten herself in over her head. He pulled out and growled at her "Get on your knees". She paused for a second, looking at him fearfully and he grabbed her face roughly, strange eyes boring into hers. "Do you have a fucking listening problem? On your fucking knees, bitch." 

Becky whimpered and rolled over, her ass up in the air, chest pressed against the cushions. He dug his nails into her back, rubbed the bumps of her spine as he forced himself back into her cunt, pushing hard against her. She cried out, grabbing the arm of the couch while he slid in and out, her legs shaking as he did. He grabbed a fistful of her hair and yanked hard, arching her back towards him and fucked her deep, reveling in her whimpers and the way her pussy tightened around him. He moved his free hand around her front, twisting her nipple until she cried out, slapping her tits, clawing at her face. She took it all, whimpering and crying out but seeming to love it, even when he slapped her hard enough to split her lip. Kai could see tolerating her, if only for this. She felt great, especially when she was scared, her soft little body shaking against him. 

He let go of her hair and she fell forward onto her elbows, moaning loud against the couch. He pulled out of her cunt, a stream of her wetness on his cock and he watched her shake for a second before slapping her ass hard. "You like it in the ass?" She shook her head, shoulders slumping as if she knew that 'no' didn't mean a goddamn thing. Kai grinned and forced himself slowly and painfully into Becky's ass, his dick throbbing when she screamed out in pain. 

She clawed at the couch, screaming into the cushions how bad it hurt, sobbing out in pain as he slid in and out of her asshole, so tight it almost made his cock hurt. He forced himself all the way in, his balls resting against her wet cunt as he rubbed his fingers against her clit.&nbsp; He bucked harder, gritting his teeth as she screamed louder. 

He looked down and realized there was blood on his cock, the sight of it driving him crazy as he pulled out of her ass and grabbed hold of her shoulders, forcing her towards the floor. She fell on her knees , her hands shaking, eyes red from crying as she looked up at him, gasping. He grabbed her head and pulled towards him, rubbing her lips against his dick. She stared up at him, obviously not wanting to do this at all. "Are you gonna suck it or do I have to fucking force you?" 

Becky opened her mouth and he slammed her head down, her eyes flying open wide as she gagged. Kai shuddered and leaned down, stroking her cheek as he whispered "You best control that gag reflex of yours, if you puke on my dick I'll cut those little tits of yours off and hang them with the rest of my art." Becky sobbed, shuddered and pressed her tongue against his cock, sucking lightly. Kai sunk against the couch, closing his eyes and breathing heavily, thankful that Becky really was as much of a slut as she'd seemed to be. He pushed her head down harder, shivering each time her tongue flicked over him, the back of her throat tightening around him. He gritted his teeth and thought of Amy, of the other two girls he'd murdered (One of which was still probably floating around Lake Champlain in pieces, he thought bemusedly). He grabbed her head with both hands and slammed it hard against is cock, moving his hips against her head, watching tears course out of her shut eyes. "Look at me, Becky" he groaned, licking his lip rings and trying to keep himself from letting go yet, staring down into those huge, terrified eyes. 

He imagined her dying, her intestines spilling out over those ivory thighs, bright redagainst so much white. He ripped a chunk of her hair and moaned loud, spurting into the back of her throat, his fingers twitching. Becky choked again and tried to pull away, Kai forced her head back down. "You fucking swallow that, bitch. You worked for it, you might as well take it." Still staring up at him, she swallowed him cum, gagging as she did. He leaned forward grinning and cupped her face softly, rubbing his thumb over her swollen lips. "Now, admit that you fucking liked that." Her face reddened as she guiltily nodded, mascara smeared across her cheeks. Kai laughed dryly and backhanded her again, grabbing her neck. "You lovethis, Becky...You lovewhen your boyfriend hits you, and you especially loved when I fucked you like that." She covered her face and cried, nodding. "Well, good. I'll see you next week then, darling. Now, get the fuck up so I can drive you back to campus." 

The entire drive back to campus, Becky wouldn't look at him, her eyes still red-rimmed from crying. Kai kept looking away to hide the smile that he couldn't help, loving this new acquisition of his. He hoped this would become a regular thing, this violent little fuckfest of theirs. Becky had gone from something he hated to perfect for him in a matter of minutes, with the knowledge that she would do just about anything to keep fucking him. He suspected she was one of those girls so in love with drama that they'd take any kind of abuse just to keep feeling like shit. Kai thought it was pathetic but useful, and figured he might as well take advantage of something so easily out in the open. He drove back home and unlocked the safe in his closet holding the pictures from the second and third girls he'd killed, jacking off more to the memory than the photos. 

The girl in Montreal had been a last second thing, a club ditz he'd met out one night that he couldn't have kept off of him if he tried. He never even knew her name, never gave a shit beyond the fact that she'd die that night. He fucked her in the back of the Chevelle, gagging her with her underwear and stabbing her with a hunting knife he always kept in the car. By the end of the night he'd split her open and came inside of her organs, pearly white mixing and covering the red and purplish mess that had previously kept her alive. Kai drove out to the woods and rolled her body into a ditch, saturated her in kerosene and lit her on fire. He bagged his clothes, tossed them into the lake and drove back to his hotel room. 

Next week came, but not exactly how Kai had been planning it. He saw her a few days later, a huge bruise on her cheek, her eyes never meeting his. "Ed...Ed saw the s-scratches..." He raised an eyebrow and kept walking towards his car, aware that she was still following. He stopped and turned on her, irritation flaring. "What are you waiting for me to say? I don't care, Becky. You're a slut, you know it and I'll assume the rest of the world knows it too. You got what you deserved." Her mouth gaped, offended and angry. "You motherfucker...how can you saythat? You fucked me! You said you didn't careabout cheating!" He leaned forward, glaring at her and whispered "And neither do you. Look, if you want to keep talking just get in the fucking car." Becky crossed her arms and stood for a second, trying to say no. She gave up and slipped into the passenger seat, hanging her head. Kai threw it into fourth and snarled away from the campus. When he hit 90, Becky was getting nervous. "Kai...where are we going?" 

Without looking at her, he replied "Don't worry about it" and turned onto a long stretch of road, away from the campus. Becky noticed with increasing alarm that buildings were becoming increasingly sparse, the sides of the road now mainly occupied by trees and the occasional house set back aways.. The sun was setting and through it's glare, Becky couldn't see what road they were on or where they were going, her breath hitching as she began to panic. "Kai, whatever you're doing please don't...Ed is in the military, don't..." He covered her mouth with one hand, steering the car with the other. "I don't give a good goddamn what Ed is or isn't." 

He unzipped his pants and grabbed hold of her hair, pulling her head towards him. To his surprise, she actually resisted and tried to pull away. "He'll kill me if he finds out, Kai! He'll fucking kill you!" slid into the shoulder lane and stopped the car, pushing the auto-lock button. "Yes, I'm sure he'll kill you. Listen to me princess,&nbsp; I'LL fucking kill you if you don't listen to me. You understand?" wiped her eyes and nodded, breathing heavy in fear. "Now, we're going for a little road trip. If you can shut the fuck up for five minutes and behave, I'll let you go home breathing afterward, alright?" Becky nodded, struggling not to sob. Kai smiled at her, a joyfully cold smile.

They drove for miles, Becky couldn't keep track as she stared out the window but she hadn't seen a house in a while. The car finally stopped and Kai killed the ignition, looking over at her. She swallowed hard, sniffling as she looked up at him. "You know what to do, Becky." He spat out her name like an insult, mouth twisting into that cruel grin again. His piercings glinted in the dying light, eyes brimming with a hate unlike anything she'd ever seen. She hated how attracted she still was to him, hated that he was gorgeous and knew how to fuck her. Becky unbuckled her seat belt and leaned over, slipping her lips around Kai's dick, letting his fingers curl around her throat and squeeze, tightening until she felt her head swimming. 

He groaned and forced her head up and down, sliding his hand into his pocket as he did so. Kai snapped open a small pocket knife and dragged it over Becky's back, slicing between her shoulders. She whimpered but didn't stop, soft wet tongue coursing up and down his cock, her spit trickling onto his thigh. "Ah, fuck you're good at this..." He gasped, pressing the knife into the back of her neck, forcing her to take him deeper. Thin red lines cropped up over her back, tiny trickles of blood forming off of them. Kai rubbed his fingers over the cuts, licked the blood off and cut her more, deeper and deeper while she sucked him, head bobbing fast in his lap. Becky sniffled again, taking all of his cock into her throat, her tongue rubbing against his balls. 

Kai grabbed her shoulder hard and sucked in a deep breath, close to getting off already. He pushed her off and got out of the car, going around the back. Becky began to panic again, afraid he was getting a gun or something, terrified that she'd done something wrong. He came back with a length of rope and opened her door, dragging her out by her hair. He tied her arms tight behind her back, fastened a quick noose and slipped it over her head and retrieved the knife from his seat. "Now...you behave yourself and I'll let you go home to see your little boyfriend, alright?" Becky nodded, beyond talking back at this point. He was almost a foot taller than her, a hell of a lot stronger and had a noose around her neck, not to mention the knife in his hand. Becky concentrated on doing the only thing she'd ever been good at and hoped that it would be enough.

Kai ripped her jacket off, cut off her bra and her skirt. He looked her up and down, breathing in her terror, the way her chest heaved up and down. "Such a pretty little whore..." He whispered, brushing the knife over her cunt, pressing the tip against her clit. She whimpered, cringing instinctively as he slapped her. He grabbed her short black hair and wrenched her head close to his, growling at her. "You fucking behave, bitch. I decide whether you go home in a body bag tonight, alright?" Becky sobbed, nodding and crying "Okay" over and over as he tore her underwear off. He grinned, looking down at the spike heeled platforms she still wore, loving how much of a slut it made her look like. He threw her onto the hood of the car and spread her legs, forcing into her pussy hard. 

He slammed into her, her cunt tightening in fear around him, knowing this was nothing short of rape. He dragged the knife over her crotch, cut her stomach, stabbed at her thighs. He grabbed hold of the rope around her neck and pulled hard, her gasps setting him off even more. She screamed, shook, clawed at her own hands and the ropes holding them. He rolled her over onto her back and hissed "Look at me, bitch"&nbsp; fucking her hard while he cut her. His cock was so hard it hurt, her blood dripping into her cunt. He stared down at her blood on his dick and shivered, the control over her&nbsp; intoxicating. 

He set the knife on the hood and yanked the rope hard again, pulling it back until her face turned red, ramming his cock into her deep as he could, closing in on the edges of orgasm. Her eyes began to roll back and he let go, pulling his cock out and grabbing her by the legs. He pulled hard and threw her to the dirt, pulling her up again by the rope. He slid his cock into her mouth and facefucked her hard against the car, slapping her while he did, yanking fistfuls of her thick choppy hair. Her skull made a loud thump every time it hit the hood of the car, her eyes squinting on each impact, her lips tight around him. Kai's nails dug into her throat as he moaned loud, pulled out of her and came onto her face. "Lick it off, all of it. Clean up your fucking messes, Becky." he gasped as her tongue flicked over him, sucking his cum off, swallowing it again. He stroked her hair, breathing in harsh gasps and laughed. "You're a good girl, Becky. I'll take you home now, just no running to daddy or I'll fucking skin you alive, alright?" She bit her lip and nodded, stumbling to the passenger seat. Kai threw her a blanket and sped back to the campus, not knowing or caring where she lived. He slowed the car and handed her a skirt and baggy t-shirt. "Here, so you don't look like a total fucking slut. I'll see you next week, Becky."

Next week never came for him and Becky, as Kai noticed the next Tuesday that she wasn't in anatomy, and she didn't show up on Thursday. When another week passed and he still hadn't heard from her, he got a bit worried, fearing that she might've gone to the cops. As if to confirm his fears, while he was painting he heard a knock on the door past 9 PM. He took a deep breath, tossed the dirty apron he wore to paint in and shut the door behind him as he headed into the living room. The cops glanced around his living room accusingly, Kai knew he was already looking for something incriminating and silently commended himself for always being overly careful, whether through his almost sterile apartment or the small, innocuous safe in his bedroom closet. 

"Mr. Higurashi? We're looking for a girl by the name of Becky Sims, has an anatomy class with you at SUNY?" Kai stood just inside the doorway, more than willing to let the two officers walk through his apartment, confident that they'd find nothing more than some strange paintings and a healthy amount of liquor. "Yes, I know her, an acquaintance of mine. Why, did something happen to her?" The first cop, a few inches shorter than Kai glanced down at a notepad in his hand and shot Kai a strange look. "Sir, we've been told that you two were a bit more than...acquaintances." The second cop, a bit more burly and older looking than the first cocked his head, smirking like they'd dropped some bomb on the Conspicuous Freak. Kai shrugged and nodded, responding "Yes, we've had sex once or twice, but I hardly believe that's a crime, officer. Am I being charged with anything, or is this just a routine inquisition?" 

He crossed his arms and narrowed his eyes a bit, adding "If you're curious, feel free to search my apartment, I've got nothing of interest to you here." The younger cop sighed and set the notebook back into his pocket, Kai assumed he was new by his unsure mannerisms. "Look, if you've heard from her or know anyone who has, that would be a lot of help...She's been missing for a few days now and her father's sent out a search." 

Kai smirked a bit and nodded, locking eyes with the nervous cop. "You know, more than once she mentioned having an abusive boyfriend...He certainly seemed like the jealous type." The corners of his mouth lilted into a smile at what was almost certainty that he'd be right. Nervous Boy pulled his notepad out again and was all ears, asking Kai what the man's name was and where he lived. "So you fucked this girl even though you knew she was cheatin'?" The burly cop piped up, irritation showing through. 

Kai shrugged and replied "I could've cared less. I'm not one for commitment, and I was more than willing to let her to know. Is there anything else you need, officers?" They shook their heads, the older cop still glaring at Kai, obviously mistrusting him. As Kai locked the door behind them, he couldn't help feel a bit of strange accomplishment, though he'd lied about nothing. He was fairly certain that if anything had happened to Becky, it would've been because of the boyfriend. Kai headed back into the second bedroom that functioned as his studio, slipped his headphones on and went back to painting.


_______


Years later, after recalling this particularly enjoyable bit of nostalgia, Kai found himself wondering what exactly Becky had been doing, if she was even still alive. He'd moved since then, owning a house now with plenty of room to 'entertain' his guests however he wanted. It'd been four years but Kai was almost positive that Becky wouldn't have forgotten him or the 'good time' she'd had with him, he thought with a but of a chuckle. He signed into MySpace and ran a check on her name and former college. Kai was pleasantly surprised to see that she still lived in Binghamton, and looked more or less the same-her hair dyed red now, grown out in the front with the back still short and spiky, her eyes still full of the same stupid lust. He grinned, messaged her and signed off, almost certain that she'd respond. 


Becky slipped out the back door and lit a cigarette, fishing her phone out of her purse and connected to the internet. She shifted, cursing the torturous shoes she wore to appease her fiance (and, she admitted to herself, to get the attention of everyone else). She clicked on the new message in her inbox and almost dropped the phone, shocked to see him again. He looked the same, a few more rings in his eyebrows and a septum but basically just how she'd remembered him, especially those eyes...Becky shuddered, remembering how she'd felt underneath him, those hateful eyes boring into hers, the way he'd treated her like something worthless had excited her far more than she'd wanted it to. She supposed she'd always been accustomed to bad treatment, going through asshole after douche-bag after jerk, never quite sure why she gravitated towards them but not caring enough to change it. 

Maybe it was the drama, maybe it was that the sex was always better but Becky couldn't care less. After five years of putting up with Ed's abuse and bullshit (along with his rage every time her indiscretion showed through) she'd agreed to his engagement without knowing why or loving him, she supposed it was so she'd always have someone to cling onto. But seeing Kai again, after the years, she wondered in vain if maybe he'd decided to actually date someone (Becky didn't intend on settling down with him or anyone really, but it would be nice to have himas her certainty instead of boring, stale Ed). She responded to him, left her cellphone number and slipped back into work.

Kai felt almost giddy he was so happy with himself. When he'd first met Becky, he'd barely known what he was doing, had been too afraid to kill a girl that people knew. Now, years later, pretty dead girls ranging into the double digits, he felt he could finally do himself (and Becky) justice by finishing what she'd unknowingly started in the food court. He leaned back in the desk chair, spinning back and looking at the stains across the basement floor. Oh, he'd have a good time, he was sure of that much. Becky was just what he needed to shoo ensuing ennui that'd settled in. The last thing Kai wanted was to become bored with something he so desperately loved, to become someone who killed out of necessity or impulse rather than for the passion and enjoyment of it. He stood up and set to prepping his basement, thinking out their reunion, smiling to himself the whole while.


"I've got third shift tonight, you'll be here when I get back?" 
Becky rolled her eyes and nodded, slamming the book in her lap shut. "Yes, Ed for the third time, yes I'll be here when you get back okay? God, just get dressed so you're not late alright?" He glared at her, storming out of the bedroom and slamming the bathroom door. Becky sighed, wishing he would leave already so she could get dressed and leave to meet Him. Ever since she'd gotten his message she'd waited all week for the date he'd set, planned what she'd wear and what she'd do (which, she hoped, would end up being him). Ed stomped out the door, yelling something behind him that she barely even registered. She waited until his car was gone to pull her pre-picked outfit out of the closet, pleased with herself. From the looks of it, Kai was still a freak and she'd gone for something that she knewhe'd like. Pulling on the thigh-high tights, snapping the choker around her neck, fishing out the highest pair of platforms she owned she couldn't help being excited. She knew it'd be a hell of a night.

Kai sat to the back of the club, glad that she'd been willing to drive out to Endwell to see him, marveling at how willing she was even now. He watched numerous girls walk by and eye him, wondering absently how many good times he was passing up for Becky. No matter, he thought, it would make up for all of it in good time. About half an hour past their set time, he saw her come through the door, face splitting into a devious grin. He was glad to see she still looked good, thick eyelashes emphasized by mascara, her cleavage showing over the top of a low cut lacy black shirt, black miniskirt riding up almost past her ass. Kai felt the closest thing to affection as he ever did when he realized she was wearing the same shoes she'd worn the last time he saw her, high platforms that made her hips swing as she walked towards him. He stood up and accepted her hug, ran his hands down her back and whispered in her ear "Glad you could come." He pulled the chair facing him out for her and sat back down, resting his chin on his hands. "So..." She smiled nervously, eyes huge and still so childish. "So...been a while, yeah?" Kai smiled a bit and nodded, staring down her chest. "You've been doing good?" It was obvious that she was edgy, whether from excitement or fear he didn't know. 
He nodded, mentioning that he'd given up college after it bored him, going back to just working and painting. "Oh, you still paint? That's great...you were sogood..." Kai snickered, knowing she referenced more than just his talent as an artist. 

He cocked his head and slid one hand under the table, his fingertips barely brushing over her knee. "Maybe you'd like to come and see my newest ones..." Becky blushed and looked down, biting her lip. "You already know that answer, Kai..." He leaned forward and lifted her chin up, breathing against her lips. "Then say it, Becky." She looked up cautiously and whispered "I'd love to come over" quietly. Kai ordered drinks, a long island for Becky and straight whiskey for himself, noting approvingly that her tolerance had apparently been upped over the years. 

"So, are you seeing anyone now?" She asked, toying with the straw in her half-empty glass. Kai thought of Karyn's lower half rotting in his basement, of the bits and pieces of various girls left down there and forced himself not to laugh, shaking his head. "No, still...antisocial, I suppose. Yourself?" Becky sighed, forced a sad, fake smile and held out her hand. Kai laughed dryly when he saw the thin gold band on her finger, shaking his head. "Still the same girl...if you've got that, then why pray tell are you out here with me? I'm sure your significant other is missing you." She rolled her eyes and leaned forward, pushing her chest against the table. "Ed's an ass, he always has been, I don't even know whyI agreed to it..." Kai rose an eyebrow, genuinely surprised now. 

"The same Ed? Mister Abusive?" Becky looked at the ground, something like guilt edging into her face. "Yeah, that same guy..." subconsciously she grabbed her hand and rubbed her wrist, staring into her glass. Kai sighed and leaned back against the chair. "I'm surprised, Becky...I thought you would've found someone less...violent." His voice lilted at the end, the hint of a laugh hanging there. She glared up at him for a second, seemingly about to say something and dropped her eyes again. "Look, I'm more than happy to reminisce with you, but wouldn't you prefer to do it elsewhere?" Becky looked up at him, holding his gaze this time, maybe even reading into it and knowing what would soon come. "Sure." 

She slid into the Chevelle, marveling again at his wealth and wondered what kind of warehouse it was he worked at exactly. Through a mixture of extreme frugality, saving up money, selling paintings and the cash he took from his girls, Kai was able to live a very comfortable life, one he was sure was attractive even now to Becky. He learned that she'd taken a cab to the bar, leaving her car back at the house in case Ed drove by to check for her. It was obvious that at much as she loathed him, she was still terrified of him, something that made Kai feel even safer about the ensuing events. Once again, Ed would take the fall and leave Kai to look little more than mildly suspicious. They pulled into the parking lot, Becky looking up at the two-story brick house approvingly as he opened up the passenger side door, hitting a button on his keys that locked the car. 

Becky was surprised to see that with the exception of new paintings and brick walls instead of white, Kai's home looked much like the other had, last time she'd seen him. She stood in the doorway, feeling much like she had last time. She'd been just 19 then, she realized now she hadn't even known Kai's age at the time, had barely even known his last name. She shivered, looking at the couch and remembering so vividly four years ago, aware of the sudden heat between her legs. Kai handed her a long stemmed glass of red wine and held up his own to hers. "Oh, what shall we toast to tonight..." Becky, leaned towards him, her leg pressing against his. "To...memories?" She suggested, obnoxiously adding the upward tilt that drove him insane. He simply smiled and looked off, adding "Ah, nostalgia...to life." He clinked his rim against hers, gave her a strange smile and drank down half the glass. Becky sipped at her's, having acquired a liking towards wine over the years. 

"This is good, what is it?" Kai topped his glass off again, leaning against the sink counter. "Just a Merlot. I'm glad you like it..." He watched her brush the hair out of her eyes, all of her false confidence melting away under his scrutiny. Kai had always been headstrong, had learned at an early age that he had a naturally commanding nature and had milked it for all it was worth. He tilted his head and looked down at her. 

"What're you thinking about, Becky?" She shrugged, dropping her eyes down and looking at his hand. "Nothing...just, I noticed the tattoo on your hand. Is there more to that?" Kai looked down at this arm and smiled, setting the glass down on the counter. Becky looked afraid for a second as he unbuttoned his shirt, sliding his arm out to show her the full thing, deep red and black spirals crawling up his arm and over his chest, spidering out at his neck and back. She stared at it, tracing her fingertips over the lines, asking quietly "It's beautiful...did it hurt?" 

Kai ignored the fact that this question always irritated him in it's obviousness and nodded, replying "Of course it did. Why else would anyone get them?" Becky pulled her hand away, still staring at the hypnotic patterns and shook her head. "I always figured because they looked nice..." Kai chuckled, slipping his arm back into his sleeve. "Well, I suppose that's part of it too, but the experience itself is as important as the result...pain is far under appreciated these days, something so vital to us and yet regarded with so much...disdain." Becky shook her head, Kai's philosophy passing over her shallow thoughts. "I don't get it...how is pain good?" Kai smirked and pressed against her, trailing a finger down her side. "Maybe you should tell me, Becky." 

She breathed in, cheeks reddening as she looked up at him, hungry eyes locking onto his. "You're still a freak" she gasped, grabbing his head and pulling it towards hers, tongue brushing over his piercings He squeezed her hips, pulled her close and kissed her back rough, biting at her lips. She pulled away, gasping and grabbed his ass, saying softly "I've thought about you a lot over the years, Kai, I hope you know that..." He pulled the wineglass out of her hand and set it on the counter, running his hands over her front, fingertips brushing over her cleavage. "Is that so? Then why'd you disappear on me, dear?" 

Becky looked hurt, her eyes dropping down again, her body getting rigid against him. He cocked an eyebrow and leaned towards her, whispering "I'm waiting for an answer." In response she slipped the shoulder straps of the lacy shirt down and turned around, showing him a mess of long scars across her back. Kai knew instantly that they weren't his, he'd never used a belt on her. Amongst the scars were fresh bruises, pockmarks on her skin that he was almost certain were cigarette burns. She turned back around to face him, eyes shimmering with tears. Just like the old daysKai thought in amusement. She held out her hands to him, showing him the thick horizontal scars across her wrists and the spot on her left hand that looked a bit lumpy, like a badly healed break. Kai stroked the scars, staring down at them. "I was in the hospital for a month after he found out...He gave me a concussion, almost broke my spine...broke my wrist..." Becky trailed off, sniffling. Kai trailed his fingers up her forearms, pressing his thumbnail against her veins. "You should've been more careful, dear...learn to hide your indiscretions better..." Becky started to respond and stopped, sighing and leaning against Kai's chest. 

"Oh, Kai...I wish I could leave him, I wish I could..." She looked up at him, starving for some kind of affection, seeking for a love in his eyes that simply didn't and wouldn't exist. "Then leave him. What, do you needhim to live?" She stammered and whined, trying to explain that she did when she didn't. "I need...someone" she finally responded, staring up at him. Desperation, need, addiction...all words that came to Kai's mind at the moment. Lovewas never one of them, not something that seemed to exist in Becky's world either, at least not in a truly romantic sense. Kai believed in the notion of it, assumed that it existed somewhere but doubted he would ever find it, definitely something he wouldn't seek out. He couldn't imagine meeting a woman who could both accept and respect his violent tendencies, a woman with her own mind and opinions that didn't revolve around shoes, drama or her cunt. 

He stroked Becky's cheek, licking the side of her throat. She grabbed hold of his hair and pulled his head closer, breathing out "I need you." Kai stopped, the pure stupidity of the comment almost shocking him. Yes, I'm sure you need a man you haven't seen in four years, a man you don't even begin to understand, a man that raped you and made you love every second of it. Kai shook his head, for once in his life almost unable to think of a response. "You don't know me, Becky...trust me, you've got no idea of who I am." She grabbed his hands and pulled him against her, her eyes wet and wanting. 

"Then showme. Let me know you, Kai, believe me I want to..." She pulled his hand to her mouth and sucked on his fingers, looking up at him. He shivered, grazing his nails over her neck. He pulled his hand away and sighed, finally asking "You want to know me?" He laughed and shook his head, a mix of amusement and bitter disgust rising as he walked away from her. Before she had a chance to cry or complain again, he looked over his shoulder and called "Come over here. I'll show you my paintings".

In a room surrounded by mutilation, Becky began to feel a twinge of unease seeping into her chest, the first prickle of fear teasing her mind. All of the subjects were girls, some which looked almost familiar to her, some which vaguely reminded her of herself, all being subjects to various tortures or looking as if they had been at one point. What struck her almost more than the subject matter itself was the wayit was all painted, a mix of almost life-like softness and jagged, angry strokes. It was in a way, she thought, like looking at a visual representation of bipolar disorder. He slipped his arms around her, leaning his head down against her neck. 

"You like them? This is my passion, Becky. Not art, not paint itself but pain...the beauty of torment, the way a person's fear is so visible, so...tangible before they die." Becky stiffened, her breath quickening. "You say that like you've seen it..." She laughed nervously, turning to face him, the fact that he was grinning scaring her even more. "And who's to say that I haven't? You wanted to know me, Becky? Here's your introduction. I've killed more girls than you can fathom, most of them in this house, in a basement you'll be seeing soon yourself. I abhor women, the frivolities you obsess over, the double-standards you wear like designer labels and the disgusting lack of self respect that you've swallowed down over the years to be an acceptable little slut." Becky took a step back, shaking, eyes huge in fear. 

"You're lying, you've got to be lying, stop being such a fucking freak, Kai..." He grabbed her shoulders and threw her against the wall, holding her there. "I don't lie, Becky. I've got no point to, what can the dead say? Silent secrets rotting into the ground, that's all. Maybe they share their stories with the maggots, but maggots can hardly arrest me, now can they?" She screamed and struggled to free her hands, trying to shove him away and failing. Kai set his full weight against her, his hands sliding up around her throat. He leered in close to her, their noses almost touching and laughed. "Just like last time, isn't it? You pretending that you don't like it, my hands around your neck...Oh, this istoo perfect, isn't it?" 

Becky tried to scream and he caught her hard across the face, her jaw popping loud as he did. He forced her head back against the wall and bit down on her neck hard, teeth grinding against her soft skin as she gasped, whimpering in pain and terror. He slapped her again, slipping his hand under her skirt and rubbing her cunt. "Don't bother lying to me, Becky, I know you've been dying for this..." he slipped his fingers into her underwear, brushing against her freshly shaved lips and pressed his nails against her clit. She clenched her legs, biting down on her lip hard against the noises he knew she wanted to make. He hooked three fingers into her wet cunt, rubbing his thumb against her clit as he did, laughing when she finally moaned. 

"See! You lovethis abuse, you fucking lovethe pain as much as I do, just...you'd rather receive than give, yes?" He grinned, watching her squirm as he pulled his fingers out of her. She looked up at him, her eyes tearful and horrified. "You...you don't really kill girls do you? You're just trying to scare me, trying to make this more fun for yourself...right?" Kai smiled and shook his head almost apologetically, taking a knife out of his pocket. "No, my dear, I am being quite serious. I've killed quite a few pretty girls, not many as pretty as you though. I've waited for this for four years, Becky..." She covered her mouth and sobbed, trying to inch towards the door. 

Kai snarled and threw the knife at her, embedding it in the wooden door a few inches next to her face. Becky screamed and fell, sliding against the wall to the ground. In front of her, Kai shoved some canvases aside and pulled out a gun, slid the safety off and walked towards her. "Are you afraid, Becky? Are you still pretending that this isn't happening?" He grabbed her by the leg and dragged her towards him, holding the gun in his other hand. "On your knees, and I suggest you don't move much." He slid her panties down and pressed something cold and metallic against her pussy. He leaned over her and whispered "No sudden movements, darling" into her ear. Becky realized in horror that he'd slid the gun inside of her and was fucking her with it, his finger lingering near the trigger. She covered her mouth with one hand against the sobs, trying to convince herself it was a horrible nightmare she'd wake up from soon. Kai slid the gun out of her cunt and rubbed it against her clit, pushing the hole the bullet came from around it, the rough metal edges painful against the sensitive nerves. She shuddered and cried out loud, body shaking. She heard him snicker and put the gun away, then unzip his pants. 

"You may as well enjoy this...after all you did say you needed me." Kai hissed the words at her mockingly, sliding into her cunt, relishing the way she tightened up in fear around him, her body seeming to both reject and want him at the same time. He slid in deeper, holding there for a second while she shook before moving in and out of her, pushing her onto her face. Surrounded by paintings of his conquests, his newest acquisition playing her part, Kai felt almost ecstatic. The night was going better than he'd expected, Becky still as desperate and horny as ever. He dug his nails into her hips, pumping in and out of her, gritting his teeth as he did, ever aware of her quiet moaning. "Come on Becky, don't be so quiet, I know you just lovethis..." He pulled out and threw her onto her back, forcing his cock into her mouth. He stared down at her tear-stained face, the runny mascara and smeared lipstick, forced himself deep into her throat and pushed. Grinding his hips against her face he tore at her hair, ripping chunks of it out and letting them fall like red feathers, the back of her tongue pulsing against his tip. He shuddered and moaned, holding her head still for a moment until his climax receded and kept going. He pulled her eyelids up, staring down at her, wanting to take in every bit of her terror, her lips tight around him. He slapped her again, and again, loving the way she jumped each time he hit her. 

Kai's eyelids fluttered and he felt his fingers tingling as he came in Becky's mouth, cum burning the back of her throat. He stayed there for a second, closing his eyes while she sucked the last bits of semen off his dick before pulling out. He stood up and zipped his pants back up, watching as she wiped her mouth and covered her face, crying harder. "Oh, don't think that it's over honey...the party hasn't even started yet..." He pressed his boot up against her throat, choking her until she stopped clawing at him, passing out. He threw her over his shoulder, shut the studio door and headed down into the basement. To his surprise, Kai felt like a kid on Christmas morning, anticipating the oncoming festivities. 




The first thing Becky realized upon waking was that she wasn't naked, the skirt, fishnets and shoes were still on. Her legs were held up by chains attached somewhere to the ceiling, her hips a few inches off the ground. She tried to sit up to see where she was and found herself unable to move her head more than a few inches in any direction, the collar she'd been wearing replaced by a thicker one attached to something behind her. As her eyes focused more she realized someone was standing in the shadows in front of her, watching her struggle. 

"Isn't it funny how quickly some people trust? Without knowing anything about someone, barely even knowing whothat person fundamentally is...they open up so much, pouring their entire lives out for display..." Kai stepped towards her, arms crossed over his chest, looking at her with a vague sense of amusement. "Is this everything you wanted Becky? Is this what you've waited years for, because I've been wanting this since I first laid eyes on you...You're every bit the American Dream, darling. Beautiful, empty-headed and fucking clueless." He pressed his boot into her cunt, grinding it against her pelvis. "You're a fucking whore!"He jammed his heel into bone, a dull wet noise. She cried out, legs shaking in their restraints, her hips wriggling. "Kai, stop, please!Just fucking let me down, please god just stop!" He threw his head back and laughed, kicking her again. "Stop, now?Girl, you're in for a hell of a night. I haven't even gotten fucking started."&nbsp; He unbuttoned his shirt and tossed it to the side, crouching down next to her. 

Becky stared up at him, his eyes feral with a kind of hate she'd never seen even in Ed, the bad lighting only emphasizing the hollows in his cheeks and under his eyes. He was a monster, she realized, something horrible hiding under a beautiful mask, and she was terrified that she'd die for not realizing that sooner. She clenched her eyes shut and sobbed, turning her head away from him. She flinched as she felt his fingers on her cheek, stroking the tears away in a nearly tender way. "Don't look away, now...don't let all this suffering go to waste, dear. I've worked hard for it, let me at least watch you break." Becky hesitantly turned her eyes back to him, her chest hitching with each sob. "Why are you doing this?" she whispered shakily, wishing there was some way she could flip the psycho switch in his brain. He stroked her cheek and grinned, no happiness or warmth in his smile. "Why? I already told you, darling. I hateyou. I hate all of you." 

She clenched her eyes shut, wishing it was a dream, hoping she'd wake up soon. When she opened them again, even through slits she could see him already, leering at her like some godawful beautiful nightmare. He leaned in, lips brushing against her ear and whispered It's going to be a long night, dear. He threw his head back and laughed, echoing throughout the basement, terror shooting through her.






Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Chaos_N


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





