BDSM Library - Your Will




Your Will
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Picking up girls at a club can be a dangerous activity. Not picking them up may be even worse.          








Your Will


by Jaowriter

Copyright© 2007 to Jaowriter


Let's get this out right off the bat. I want you to read this and really understand what I'm trying to tell you: you are reading this under a false assumption. You think this story is about me. You think it is something from my subconscious. You, my friend, suffer from the delusion that you are the consumer between us.
You are wrong.
I don't want to tell you about me. If I did, I wouldn't write under a pen name like this. You'd see a real name highlighting my SOL profile. Oh, sure, it's alright with some people. Internet privacy and all that. But this isn't about privacy. No, this is an act of communication. And any act of communication requires complete sincerity. So, let's be straight about what's going on. Whilst you are here we'll be changing the paradigm. This isn't a story about me. It's a story about you. You are the protagonist today, my friend.
Now picture yourself. What do you look like? Are you chubby perhaps? Or maybe skinny? Is there a bump half way down your nose? I think your face is sprinkled with freckles. Or maybe there's a mole by your lips. One thing I know: you are human. You are imperfect with all the bumps and disruptions that rise naturally from all living flesh. You're definitely nothing at all like that model of physical majesty that we both observe on the news stands. Too human you are and I think that bothers you.
Not that it matters much what I think of you at the moment. Like I said, this is your story. So there you are... 
It's late, but the club is bright enough all around you. Polished leather, make up and jewelry glitter in the dancing lights from above. Loud, garish music reverberates all over the building. Girls giggle, men grunt, you smell hash mixed with a dozen perfumes and the guy who forgot to wear his deodorant. You travel the room, dodging elbows sticking from low cut dresses, liquor from swishing cups, and hulks barreling through to their latest conquest. You brush against beautiful asses and answer smiles with smiles. Here or there you pause.
"Hi."
"Hi."
You flirt with the girls, you joke, you make them giggle. But then they turn back to their friends or one of the hulks arrives and you move along. They aren't the one you are looking for.
Then you see her. She wiggles alone on the dance floor, out of tune with the rhythm. Her blue dress stretches over a generous chest. It shrinks at her stomach and curves past her hips. The fabric ends just above her kneecaps, exposing milky smooth lower legs. Her face is long, with full cheeks and wide bones. Straight dark blond or light brown hair falls half way down her back. A third of it glides around the curve of her neck to settle upon her left breast suggestively. Her thin scarlet lips quirk up, fully aware just how kissable they appear sitting below her pug-like nose.
She is not perfect. She is human like everyone else. And yet, something about her strikes a flare within your subconscious and makes the chemicals dance in your brain. You feel dizzy just looking at her.
Hulks approach her as you watch. They smile. She smiles. They lean toward her and she brushes them off with a flick of her wrist. They pose and she laughs. They leer and she goes back to her dancing, not even bothering with a response. One after another, they leave her alone. If they can't do it, what hope have you, you wonder. But you are spellbound. You have to talk to her. You walk toward her.
"Hi," you say.
"Hi." She smiles at you.
"How are you?" you mumble, feeling embarrassed.
"Okay," she says. Her tone is friendly, but the monosyllable answer isn't encouraging.
You freeze. You haven't thought about what you would say past this point. You thought you knew better. Such strong attraction always ends in disappointment. But you still want to make your token effort, just because, just to wave your fist at the god who made you imperfect and tell him that you aren't afraid of what he has done. But the god has his own ways to keep you in line, you realize. Scream how you will inside your head, you search and search for something new or funny to say, and come up with nothing. And you realize that her large grey eyes at looking at you, waiting for you to take up your part of the conversation. "Do you come here a lot?" you ask, beyond all hope of originality.
She smirks. "Once in a while."
"What's your name?"
She pauses before she answers. Her gaze travels over you, appraising you. Her head leans adorably toward her right shoulder. "Wilhelmina," she says.
"Like Bram Stocker's?" you say. Your lips quirk.
Her smile grows genuine. "That's right. I'm the bride of Dracula!"
You laugh, relaxing. "So does that make you German or British?"
She winks. "It makes my parents addicts of Victorians literature."
"Good God!" you exclaim right on queue, and she giggles. Your courage soars. Make it or break it, this is your moment. "So, what are you doing tonight?" you ask her, holding your breath.
She shrugs, making the hair shuffle over her breast. "Just hanging here for a couple of hours," she says. "Then home to bed. I have to go to work in the morning."
"Oh." And what does that mean? What do you say to that? You don't know. Is it an invitation or a discouragement? If only you knew! Dare you risk pain and rejection? Dare you ask for her number, suggest she go elsewhere with you... dare you anything... 
There's no need for that, the snake in your brain whispers. She's told you that she is busy. Don't make her reject you. There's no need to be that cruel to either of you. You've made your effort, you've proven your point, move along and take the small victory while it's available. You know you are not perfect enough for her. And look at her, made up and superior, she's not perfect enough for you. Don't shatter the dream with reality. Be stronger than that, be protected. Don't compromise yourself on what you know is impossible! The advice is safe and, fool that you are, you listen. "Too bad," you say with a shrug, turning away.
You think you say that, but you don't. For in that moment everything changes. I become you. And this is no longer your story. It is my story now. Like you, I don't know what to say. I'm lost and terrified before this girl. But as my mother has taught me, when in doubt, you can't go wrong with the truth. "You're beautiful," I tell her.
She blushes, batting her eyes. "Awww. Thanks."
"No, I mean it," I say. I grin. "This is probably hopeless. You're so out of my league. But you're just too beautiful to walk away from without making a try."
She laughs and brushes my arm. "Aw, come on!" she encourages. "Don't give up."
"I'm not," I say. "But I have to leave now. You said you're going to be on your way anyway. I want to walk out of here talking to you."
She thinks about it, blushing. "Well..."
I step closer and mirror her when she rubbed arm. Only my hand lingers. I'm forward, I know. Yet, you must realize, this world rewards courage and confidence. "Come on. Please!"
She looks down demurely, trying to stall. "You mean right now?"
I kiss her ear. She shivers. "The stars might grow cold before next time," I whisper. "I want to walk out with you now, Mina. Come on."
They say names have power and hers certainly does. She lets me take her hand and lead her out of the nightclub. We smile at each other like two lovers. I hail a taxi and we get in. I tell the driver the way to my house.
She wiggles away when I try to kiss her. I lick her chin instead. She giggles. My hands brush the skin of her arms. Her body pulses with heat.
I press my lips higher. The shape of her mouth feels wonderful against my own. My cock hardens at the sensation of her lips opening. Her hot breath grazes my cheek and her hand rubs through my hair, pulling me closer. Our tongues bump, separate, and bump again. The curve of her mouth changes again and her hot breath hits me harder. "Heh," I hear.
I let her tongue enter me first and I feel it, wet, hot, and slippery, rubbing across my teeth. I suck on it, kissing her mouth over her tongue. Then it's my turn and the inside of her mouth is as perfect as the rest of her.
When I pull away, we're both breathless. She smiles and starts to say something, but before she can I thrust my hands under her arms. "Kuchie-kuchie-koo," I grin wickedly. Mina squeals, honest to God: what wonderful sound that is. She convulses in laughter. "Stop," she begs. "Tickles! It tickles! Hahaha!"
I keep at her, enjoying the delight in her eyes as she laughs. Meanwhile, I take the opportunity to feel up her breasts. They are full and soft, hot like the rest of her. I feel shapes sawn into her bra. It fascinates me. I can't wait to see it. I rub my hand down her side and feel the bumps of her ribs through the dress.
Finally, I stop tickling her. I reach past her armpits and pull her against me. I rub her hair with my face, inhale her, and kiss her neck. She kisses me back. "You jerk," she says. "Don't do that again." She nibbles on the end of my earlobe.
Soon we arrive at my house. It takes me longer than usual to open my door. Wilhelmina nuzzles my neck the whole time. We stumble in and I just barely manage pop the lock closed before I'm tackled. Mina presses herself against me, trapping my back against the door. She peppers my face with kisses. Her hands run over me, exploring my body. Her breasts mesh against my chest.
I kiss her back just as vigorously. Tightening my hold on her arms, I push forward, forcing us away from the door while keeping her still pressed against me. She reaches between my legs and rubs my cock through my pants. It makes it hard to walk, but somehow we kiss our way to the end of the corridor.
This time it is me forcing her against the wall. I pull my lips from her lips to lick her face, though, really, it is to see her smile one last time. Mina's eyes shine lustfully, her smile glows, her face is transformed into the closest thing on this Earth to an image of the divine. She beams at me, panting eagerly. "Fuck... !" she moans.
"Soon," I tell her.
Her laugh is cut off as I plant my lips back on hers. My left hand weaves through her hair, holding her face against mine; meanwhile, my right hand slowly, quietly opens the drawer of the side table. I pull out a prepared coil of rope and bloody-red ball gag.
Careful not to let the items contact her flesh, I start rubbing my hands down her arms. I pull a little, massage a little, send a dozen little signals of body language to get her hands where I need them. Thinking I want her to hug me around the waist, she complies. When her hands are down near our hips, I push them behind her. Surprised, she yelps into my mouth. She is not alarmed yet. Not for another second.
With practiced speed, I slip the rope over her wrists and tighten the nooses. Now she's alarmed. "Hey!" She draws back. Before she can close her mouth, I thrust the ball gag between her teeth. I grab the hair at the back of her head and shove her forward, bending her at the waist. With my other hand, I pull up on the straps of the ball gag, lodging it more securely inside her mouth. Mina shudders. She screams, but it only comes out as a muffled moan through the ball gag. She realizes the problem. Stops. And then screams again with the same result, her jaw straining harder.
Her legs give out and she drops to her knees. I keep tight hold on the straps of the gag, pulling her neck to an odd position. She tries shaking her head to dislodge it, but I keep her steady with my hands on the straps. Then I have them tightened, and I push her head down to a more comfortable level.
All the while, Mina's moans emanate in short bursts through the gag. She screams, failing, stopping, and then helplessly, desperately, hopelessly tries it again. Look over her shoulder, she shakes her head vigorously. Her terrified eyes plead with me.
I could cum just from that look.
I smile at her coyly. Leaning down, I bush her hair away from where it has fallen over her eyes. Mina leans her face into my hand, rubs against it, moaning weakly. She promises everything with one little gesture. She's so beautiful.
When I pull away, she moans at the loss. I take hold of the rope stretching away like leash from her hands and pull up. She looks angry now. Her body tenses. She presses her arms to her sides willfully in an attempt to resist. She grunts defiantly.
I just keep increasing the force of my pulling. Pretty soon, her arms stretch back painfully. She moans her surrender, nodding her head. I slacken the pressure. Wobbly, Mina gets to her feet. She sniffles. The first tears run down from her eyes. She looks lovely like that.
Her sobs increasing in strength with each moment, she stumbles awkwardly after me through the living room. The rope tugs at her hands from behind, forcing her to bend forward. Her hip bumps the side table and then bounces of the corner of my divan, as she struggles to coordinate herself walking backward. She tries walking sideways and almost trips. I have to give a harsh tug on the rope to keep her steady, spinning her back to me, and raising the volume of her cries.
The next thing she tries is to walk quickly, keeping pace with me, ahead of the pressure that the rope would exert on her hands. This works well for the last few steps. But as we approach the door to my bedroom, her sobs become fiercer. She launches herself at me, wanting to knock me down. She knows it's futile, I think, but she can't help herself. She needs to put up some sort of a fight for the sake of her ego.
Before she can hit me, I tug on the rope. The unexpected force pulls her off target and spins her around. Stumbling backward, off balance again, her side rattles against the doorframe as I pull her into my room. She bounces off but the force still pulls her toward it and her head bumps against the doorframe as well. I give one last tug, which propels her the last few steps before she terminally loses her balance. She crushes to her knees right at the foot of my bed. Curling into a ball, she cries harder.
I tie my end of the rope to the bed post and leave her like that. I go into the kitchen and make myself coffee, eat a sandwich, and prepare my syringes. When I return to the bedroom, Mina is on the bed on her back. Her shoes are off. She looks like a cat with a sting, wiggling her gorgeous foot against the bed post, trying to undo my knots with her toes. The toes freeze when she seems me framed in the doorway, her eyes guilty like a little girl facing her mother after coming her with her blue dress turned brown.
For a moment, I stand there gaping. Then I grin and walk past her to the walk-in closet at the other end of the room. On the way, I lean down, trying to get a look at her panties. She closes her legs. Oh well, it's all dark under her dress anyway.
I come back with more coils of rope, cuffs, a cane, a switch, and a cat-o'-nine-tails. I set it all on the table beside the bed, along with the two syringes. Standing beside the bed post now, Mina watches me wearily. She whimpers, begging for mercy. I smile. She sniffles.
Still, she stands her ground as I step toward her. There is no way to run. We both know it. On instinct, she jerks away when I reach for her, but my hand is faster. Taking hold of the back of her neck, I force her face down onto the bed. At the last moment, she twists and tries to kick at my balls. Her balance and angle are off and she misses completely.
I try to be gentle with her. She thrashes in my grasp and as I pull her until her whole body is on the bed. Her feet beat at the mattress harmlessly, but her moans become quieter and more regular as her sobbing and fighting relax into a steady outpouring of grief. Stepping up over her, I sit on her back, holding her down with my body.
With light caress, I brush her hair away from where it sticks to her cheek. The skin by her eyes feels clammy and my fingertips come away moist from her tears. I reach for the table beside the bed and pull a Kleenex from the pack I always have standing there. I wipe the moisture away from her cheek and swipe under her mouth, clearing it of her snot. I gather her hair beneath her right shoulder exposing more of her neck. My hands message the beautiful skin between her hair and her dress. All the while, Mina moans lightly below me. Her whimpers relax and quiet as I keep touching her tenderly.
She trembles as I draw back her zipper. It ends just short of where I've positioned my crotch. I draw open the flaps, exposing a vee of her back, dissected only by the black strap of her bra. My hands rub over her flesh. Her skin feels smooth and soft, a tiny layer of fat followed by a resilient layer of muscle. Her shuddering body sends heavenly vibrations along my cock as I kiss and lick this new skin. Unable to help myself, I hump against her back while trying not to miss even the smallest sliver of skin with my mouth. Slowly, I make my way up to her neck. I kiss the line between skin and hair. I love the color of her hair. I love how silky it feels under my hand.
I kiss under her chin. I suck on it, my tongue twirling. I move on, kissing her lips around the ball gag, kissing her cheeks, her nose, her eyelids... Mina's breath becomes quicker and harsher. She still shudders, but now she begins to squirm under me, willfully rubbing my cock with her back and trying to hump her own crotch against my sheets.
As I kiss her eyelids closed, I rub the back of her head with my right hand. With my left, I reach over for a syringe on the table.
I carefully poke the needle into her neck, while swirling my tongue over her ear. Mina feels the prick and instinctively spasms. I tightly hold her head down with my hand, preventing her from tearing her neck. She stares at the needle and moans questioningly.
"Shhhh," I breath into her ear. She gulps and then winces, as that makes her more keenly aware of the thin piece of metal sticking out of her larynx. She look at me; fear, hope, beseechment, arousal, confusion, all coalesce in her grey beautiful eye. I move my lip to it, shutting the eyelid. "I'm going to hurt you, Mina," I tell her. "I'm going to hurt you brutally. For hours. I'm going to rape you while I'm hurting you. I'm going to fuck you in any way I desire." Mina's eyelid creases over her eye, she shudders powerfully, whimpering through the ball gag, sniffling. Her legs hit the mattress several times weakly. Fight or flight, and she can't do either. I let her convulse a few times before I continue. "But it's just for tonight, Mina. I can't keep you here torturing you forever. I could fall in love with you, Mina, truly fall in love with you, I mean. I can't do that that. I don't want that.
"So, when we're done here tonight, I'm going to kill you and then I'll dispose of the body." A long, wet tear of despair flows down from her eye. "This syringe, Mina," I say, "it's poison. You're already dead." I gently push in the butt of the needle, releasing the contents of the syringe into her artery. "It's really gentle. It won't make you puke or feel bad or anything. It'll stay dormant in your system for about four to six hours and then all of a sudden you'll feel really sleepy and that'll be that. You're dead."
I place the empty syringe back on the table. My hands edge in through back of her dress. As in the cab, I marvel at her heat. I press myself against her as she lays there sobbing. I squeezing her breasts as hard as I can. "That is," I tell her, "unless I don't kill you before that."
She shudders and shakes. Her ass begins to grind against my cock. The way she is shuddering, it feels almost as if she is cumming, though there is no mistaking the moisture pouring out of her eyes. But she is definitely rubbing against my cock. I grip her breasts even harder and she convulses more powerfully and thrusts her ass more violently.
"That's it," I breathe. "Enjoy it. If you can, enjoy it. You're mine for the rest of your life, Mina. My pleasure doll. That's all that you are. All you will ever be. But I will love you every minute I use you."
Her convulsions pass. I give her a moment to cry, enjoying the sight, enjoying the sound, enjoying the feeling of her body shivering helplessly next to mine while I squeeze her breasts regardless of her misery. I roll us a little so we lay on our right. Mina grinds her ass into my cock, pressing her back to me.
A few minutes later, I roll Mina back on her stomach. I sit squarely on her ass this time, basking in the sensation of my cock rubbing against the crevice of her butt cheeks. Switching my grip from her breasts to her dress, I yank it down off her shoulders. Mina's body jerks as I wrench at her dress, but otherwise she remains unresponsive. Two more yanks and two despairing spasms from Mina, and I peal the dress to her waist. The back of it bunches up against the knots holding Mina's arms behind her. I loosen her left wrist first and pull it out of the dress. Mina flops on the bed as I do this. She shakes her torso and arm weakly, trying to break from my grasp, but it's only a half hearted effort and she's not strong enough.
Her moans grow louder when I force her wrist into the knot once again. For a second I tighten my knees around her ass, pressing down with my cock. Even though it's weak and half hearted, I still appreciate her effort and her reaction. She doesn't struggle as much when I pull her right hand out of the dress. Still, she gives a little tug when it's free, just to let me know she is there. I kiss her cheek for that.
I crawl off her, yanking her dress as I go. I drag Mina as well, pulling her crotch to the edge of the mattress. She looks gorgeous without her dress. Her bra and panties are black. I can't see much of her bra with her tits pressing down into the bed, but her panties are sown in a beautiful pattern, with diverse densities of black thread creating shapes across her behind.
I retrieve two pieces of rope, the other syringe, and my switch from the bedside table. I make a knot around her right knee and secure it to the right bedpost. Mina has been crying weakly for the last several minutes. She lies limp while I do this, and I can see a glazed far away look in her eye. Her moans are barely audible. I make a similar knot around her left knee. Before securing it to the post though, I pull her leg up onto my shoulder.
The movement turns Mina onto her side, giving me my first clear view of her bra-covered breasts. Like her panties, her bra is a jungle of shapes and textures. It stretches tightly around Mina's breasts, pushing them up and making them rounder. Only the bumps of her nipples break the circumference.
"Mina," I call her when her eyes remain blank. "Mina!" She looks at me. I smile. "You're tired," I say. She blinks in assent. "I know," I tell her. "You probably had a long day and the emotional shock can be draining. But I can't let you drift away. It's no fun without you here with me while we're doing this." I reach down and pull her panties away from her clit. It's semi-hard. I pinch it lightly between two fingers. I hold up the second syringe. "You see this. This is mostly adrenaline as well as a little bit of a few other stimulants. It will keep you awake and alert while we do this." Her eyes plead with me as she shakes her head. "Shhh," I tell her.
As I begin to lower the needle, Mina realizes where I intend to put it. The volume of her moans rises steeply. She shakes her head vigorously. Her leg tenses upon my shoulder, but I've trapped it. Mina's upper body twists and flaps like a vine in hurricane. Yes! I want her exactly like this the whole time. Twisting, fighting, screaming, suffering actively and participating with me as I rape her. Beautiful as she was in delight, she crowns it by far in her misery. I'm falling in love with Mina. It terrifies me and thrills me. It makes me want to fuck her and hurt her forever. I desperately want to cum.
I press the business end of the syringe to her clitoris. I nod to her. "Yes. It's going to hurt," I confirm. I smile. I feel nervous, unsure of what I should say. Again, I can only tell her the truth "You're very beautiful when you move like that, Mina. I want to see that all night." With that, I thrust the needle into her clit.
Mina's eyes snap shut. Her back curves and her neck stretches, pressing the back of her head into the bed. Her lips pull away from the ball gag and I can see her teeth digging into it. She screams in a series of quick, uniform moans, each accompanies by a bodily spasm. She fucks herself on the needle as I push out the liquid.
She continues to shudder after I pull the syringe out of her body. Without giving her time to recover, I grab the rope hanging from her left knee, haul it sideways, and tie it tightly to the left bed post.
I can barely hold back anymore. I undress. As I'm pulling down my pants, Mina twists around to see what I'm doing. I smile at her and pull down my boxers. Mina moans. She shakes with revived intensity and fresh tears begin to pour down her cheeks.
I caress Mina's panty covered ass with the switch. It's even a lovelier sight with her knees tied apart, opening her. Mina shakes her head, begging me again with her eyes. I lick my lips. My cock twitches and Mina shuts her eyes in despair. I raise my hand.
The switch whistles through the air as I slash it across her panty covered ass. Even through the ball gag, Mina's shriek is loud. Her upper body shudders and flops like a fish on a boat deck. She beats her forehead against the mattress. I strike her again. Again Mina shrieks and convulses. Her panties tear, the weaker threads snapping first. Narrow gashes of uncovered skin appear amidst black material. I aim away from these areas. I attack the thicker parts of her panties. Slash by slash, I cut them to shreds.
When there's little left but the waistband, I rip away the remains of her panties off Mina. Her ass jerks against my fingers. It's rosy and scorching hot. Her asshole looks small and very inviting.
For a minute, I brush her ass with the tip of the switch. I tickle her, stimulating the skin and waiting for her to relax. When her sobs become uniform, I begin to tap, first the right ass cheek, then the left. The first time, Mina's body tenses, preparing for pain but there is none. Rather than agony, she moans in fear.
Slowly, I increase the strength of my tapping. In harmony, Mina's body shakes harder and her moans rise in volume until, little by little, she thrashes as if she is being electrocuted, screaming nonstop.
I stop when I see bloody tears run past her asshole. Mina's butt all but glows red. I toss the switch beside her right knee. Leaning down, I lick her buttocks. I taste blood and sweat. It's wonderful. Mina continues to scream through her gag. I run my tongue over every streak and welt. I suck blood away from a dozen light cuts. I do this several times over until I can't hear her screaming. She lies panting. Ready for more.
After one last lick past her pucker, I smile. Straightening, I put my hands on her hips and press my long standing cock to her asshole. Mina moans in horror, almost making me cum then and there. My grip tightens around her waist. I thrust. The head of my cock breaks through her sphincter. I close my eyes and bask in her scream.
Mina's ass squeezes tightly around me, dry and unwelcoming. It hurts a little, but I want her like this. Brutal and bloody, like I'm fucking a virgin. I rock a bit, rubbing her insides. Then I thrust hard again. I tear into her slowly. Mina screams all the while. She doesn't shriek like she did during the switching. This isn't the same continuous pain. This pain comes in jabs, a slow torture, and Mina responds accordingly.
Reaching forward, I release Mina's wrists from the knots. She drags her hands up and squeezes the sheets on either side of her head. The going gets easier as I keep fucking. Blood begins to drip from her asshole and scarlet stains my cock when I pull away before thrusting in harder. It lubes her enough for me to finally sink all the way in.
I pull out and then thrust all the way back. I build speed and momentum until I am fucking her hard and fast. My hips slap at her much abused butt cheeks. Mina screams in time with each movement. It's perfect. I can't hold it for long, though. I groan. With one final push, I spill my seed in her bowls.
Panting and delirious, still spraying jism into her ass, I collapse over her back. Her skin feels hot and slippery wet under my cheek. She ripples much like a ship at sea, her back rising and falling as she sucks in huge breaths through her nose. I feel as close to her in that moment as I'm ever likely to get.
My hands circle her waist and I hug her to me. Mina cries while I kiss and lick salty sweat off her back. Sliding my hands up her sides, I cup her breasts. I squeeze them through her bra, feeling her nipples poking my palms.
All off a suddenly, Mina lashes at me with her elbow. She twists her body around to improve her angle. My head jerks away just in time to avoid serious damage. Her elbow ricochets off my forehead. For a moment the world goes bleary. I'm stunned. Stunned and delighted.
Before I react, Mina grabs my wrists. Thankfully, she doesn't know how to damage them. She holds my hands to her chest and rolls back on her stomach. She presses her bosom into the bed, trying to trap my hands underneath her. My half hard cock twitches inside her torn rectum and she groans. But she doesn't stop. She digs her hands into my arms, latching onto the skin with her nails. I cry out. Hopeless and helpless, sentenced to death, she is fighting me. Wonderful! She is glorious. Even though I just came, I feel my cock harden. I love her so much.
Mina groans. I begin rocking my hips, slapping my hardening cock against the walls of her torn and bleedings anal canal. My breathing deepens. The way she turns me on I want to stick my tongue out and drool on her back. I fight to pull my arms out of her grasp. She rolls her chest in an effort to keep as much pressure as she can on my hands. I squeeze my palms closed, dragging the cups of her bra off her breasts as I do. She moans harder as my nail scrubs past her nipple.
Leaning forward, I turn my wrists and pull my arms out. She squeezes them, tears at them, fights with all the strength I gave her when I pumped her full of adrenaline. But my muscles are stronger and I have superior leverage. A moment before she totally loses her grasp, Mina spins around again. Her hand, twisted into a claw, darts at my face. I catch her wrist with her fingers millimeters away from my eyes.
My crotch jerks forward and I roll my hips against her ass. Mina's eyes close for a moment overwhelmed by the pain. Then she starts wrenching her hand out of my hold. I smile. "Thank you for this, Mina," I tell her. "I'm falling in love with you."
She screams. She thrashes with all her strength. She twists further, bringing other hand to the struggle. It doesn't work. I grab her upper arm by the shoulder and force Mina back onto her stomach. She buckles and fights as I press on her back, holding her down. Digging into the bed, she tries to push up while I undo the strap of her bra. Her head beats at the mattress, her upper body undulates madly as I force her right hand through the shoulder strap and then into the knot behind her. She fights just as totally when I do the same to her left hand.
Tears return to her face when she is helpless again. Mina bashes the bed with her forehead and weeps. My hands feel tired. Bloody gashes stretch down my arms. God in heavens!
I take hold of her hips and fuck her ass all over again. It takes a while before I can make myself stop. But I'm not like some guys. I can't cum continuously. Three on a good day, usually two orgasms a night and I'm spent. I don't want to cum in Mina's ass again.
Mina, bless her love, doesn't help in the least. After a while, her tears dry out. She twists around and glares at me, meeting my eyes. I see her flinch every few moments when I hit a sensitive spot. When I thrust into her harder than usual, she closes her eyes and groans. But then she starts glaring again. Thanks to this provocation, I fuck her much longer before I can make myself pull out of her butt.
Blood dribbles out after my cock. It keeps coming. Smiling, I squeeze her ass hard, dragging my nails through the welts. As before, Mina groans with her lashes over her eyes. It's so evocative that it tempts me to finish. Thrust in and fuck the shit out of her one final time. But I haven't done all I want to her yet. And with Mina, I wouldn't miss out for anything.
I walk around the bed to her front and brush her sweat soaked hair away from her cheek. I sit cross-legged and pull Mina's head into my lap so I can brush her other cheek. I have to hold her down hard because she tries to head butt my cock. But once she knows I'm in control, she stops fighting and lets me caress her.
It takes time for my cock to grow limp, especially since Mina's head rests beside it. I brush her face and hair the whole time. Tenderly, I drag my nails down her cheek. Mina shudders when I do that.
She can't decide whether to keep her eyes open or shut. She falls into a pattern. Her eyes close. Her breathing slows and her body relaxes. But with all the stimulants in her system, she probably feels hyperactive. When that overwhelms her, Mina opens her eyes. She glares at me and tenses again. Several times, she tries to tear her head from my grasp. I tighten my hold until the urge wears itself out. She snorts in frustration. Her breath tickles my cock.
"You don't have much time left," I tell her, with a glance at my clock. "You'll be dead in a couple of hours." Mina shuts her eyes tightly. I pat her hair and watch as she flinches, fighting new tears. My softening cock starts rising again. I smile. "You're so beautiful, Mina. You turn me on so much. I loved the way you smiled on the way here. I love the way you cry, Mina. I love the sound of your voice while you scream." Mina shudders. "You're beautiful. Marvelous. The way you fought me... it was just amazing. I wish I had more time to touch you. I wish had more time to kiss you. I wish I had more time to hurt you. I wish I could love you forever, Mina."
I pull away, letting her head fall on the bed. Mina lets out three yowls as I kiss her temple, cheek, and just bellow her chin. She keeps her eyes closed. I kiss her hair, down her neck, and along her spine. My hands brush up her arms, down her sides, and then slip under her to squeeze her breasts harshly. I pinch her nipples, pushing them out with all my strength. Mina moans. She shudders, inhaling faster.
My palms glide around the curve of her back. I knead her ass. Mina groans. Blood still drips from her asshole. I lick in off.
Reaching up, I drag her bra from under her stomach. I rub it on her cunt. She is wet. It doesn't surprise me. I drag the bra past her clitoris and through her cunt lips. I tease her with it. Soon, Mina begins to respond. Her body twitches and she rubs her tits on the sheets.
Her bra moistens nicely. As she approaches orgasm, I stop. I roll her bra into a sausage and stuff it into her ass, clogging the bleeding. Mina jerks and yelps. She finally opens her eyes and looks to see what I'm doing. I smile at her. "Your ass is bleeding," I explain. She closes her eyes again and moans, shaking her head as if to say "unbelievable". It's very cute. Then she starts glaring at me again. I grin. I'm glad she's back to that. She turns me on so much when she does it.
I untie her left knee. Shifting position, I jam it under my own. Mina jerks, fighting me. I kiss her thigh. I unwind the ropes holding her right knee. I'm between her legs, so the most she can do is try to tip me over. Even that is awkward without squirming up and shifting position. Once I stand and lean over, it's hopeless.
I grab a fistful of hair at her nape and drag her off the bed. She groans. I hold my hand normally near my waste. This forces her to bend more than 90 degree, with no choice but to stare at the floor. I walk quickly out of my bedroom. Mina scuttles after me, awkward on slightly bent legs.
I haul her into my living room and shove her onto my coffee table. I turn sideways, yanking her hair. Mina looses her balance a step short of hitting it. She spins and lands right on her ass. I release her hair and the momentum propels her onward. The back of her head hits the table with a merciless crack.
It goes against my principles to treat her like this. The impact rattles her thinking. It could knock her out or even cause serious damage. Whereas, I want her alert and awake to the last. However, I need her passive for a moment. And the thought that she has forced me to resort to such tactics speeds up my blood flow. A little risk always increases the final reward.
I take hold of her legs before she recovers, pulling them down and apart. I slip her ankles into the cuffs I've attached to the inside bottom of each leg of the table. As I secure the left strap, Mina moans and begins to buck her hips. I savor her scream of pain and frustration while I buckle her other ankle as well.
The position is very uncomfortable. It spreads her obscenely, twisting her hips nearly straight. The wider she spreads her thighs, the more she relieves the pressure. Under my scrutiny, Mina arches her back. Her cunt thrusts up and out over the edge of the table. Her breasts tip closer to her arm pits. Her body spasms with effort. She moans.
She looks breathtaking: all her muscles taut with exertion, tearing slowly as they are pushed to the limit. I literally jog to the bedroom to grab my cat-o'-nine-tails from the bedside table. Coming back, I freeze on the threshold. I frown. Feet spread oddly around the coffee table, Mina stands. Her gaze meets mine. After a moment, she looks away. Closing her eyes, she sags her head and gulps. She rolls her shoulders, inhaling. Then her eyes open again and her chin rises. She glares at me. The girl refuses to break.
As my initial shock passes, I lick my lips and chuckle in delight. Shaking my head at the wonder, I spin around and happily return to the bedroom. The second time, I stroll in carrying rope.
Tossing the rope and the cat down beside me, I hop onto the edge of the loveseat. Mina pretends to watch me dispassionately, trying to deny me the satisfaction, I think. This fails, sadly for her, because every dozen seconds or so she closes her eyes and gulps. But she puts up a brave front and it bewitches me still as much as before.
"God, God, you're amazing, Mina," I tell her. I twist the end of the rope around, tying it into a noose. "You're so alive now. I'm just so gratefully to have met you. You have no idea! You just don't break. God, you're so alive." I smile at her, jerking the last knot in the noose into place. "I love you, Mina. You make me so happy." She gives me a hard look and pointedly rolls her eyes. I grin helplessly.
"Come on," I say, standing up. I gently put my hands on her shoulders, fixing her position so she can't pull away or duck in the last moment. "Here we go." She shivers, closing her eyes as I lower the noose over her head. Her breathing quickens. She whimpers while I lift up her hair to let it fall over the noose. It all comes together finally when I tighten the coil around her neck. Mina looks lost and afraid. Vulnerable. She realizes, truly and finally, that she is going to die. And that's hot as hell. I wonder if she has any moments when she isn't arousing.
"Shhh, shhhh," I say, rubbing her cheek. I lean forward and kiss her other cheek. I can feel it puff around the ball gag. "Your jaw is getting sore, isn't it?" I ask her. Mina nods. "It's alright," I say. "It won't be long now." She sniffles, sucking in a long breath, preparing herself. My cock has been on constant alert watching her and it hardens now even more, straining to orgasm regardless of physical contact.
I push her down. One hand around her waist, one under her shoulder, I keep her from crashing when her knees give out. We are close. I smile at her. Mina searches my face with her eyes. I think neither of us really knows what she is looking for.
She begins to groan again as I push her lower and the pressure moves to her thighs. She bucks against me. Her back arches. Like before, she quakes with the effort. I hold her down with a restraining hand just underneath her collar. With my other hand, I wind the rope stretching away from her neck around the left leg of the table. I leave it loose enough to permit roughly a foot of movement. I don't want to take all her freedom away, after all. I want to see her thrashing and squirming.
Her eyes are still seeking something in me when I raise my head. Despite her awkward position, she tries to keep her body as still as she can. Her eyelids slide halfway down in pain. Yet, her look... I realize, she is searching for purpose. Perhaps it's just Stockholm syndrome invading her brain. Perhaps she only feels this way to escape. Who knows? I still can't deny that right at that instant her desire is genuine. And I stop. Time stops with me. For a long moment, my cock doesn't twitch. Our gazes lock. It is a moment of absolute stillness. "Fight me, Mina," I say at last. "Fight for your humanity."
Like a chameleon, Mina changes before my eyes as if some invisible force passes through her. It starts with her legs, moving up to her stomach and then onward. In its wake, her body tenses. When it reaches her head, her eyes grow wide. They become fierce. Mina screams into her gag and jerks up. She chokes coming to the end of the noose. It snaps her back. She pants. She twitches. She tries to smite me dead with her glare.
I am startled. Startled, a little bit scared... and grateful. This is exactly what I desire. It is perfect. Mina is perfect. I'm so very grateful!
Mina shudders as I tentatively reach out for her skin. I brush the tips of my fingers over her chest. I move them in a wide arc around her breasts. I draw doodles over her heart, never touching her nipples.
Nervous and shy, I put my lips on her throat. Mina moans in resentment and twitches for every one of my kisses. I press my lips all over her chest. I smooch every spot I can find. I suck her nipples, bite them lovingly, slobber on them and then lick it up. I kiss her ribs, her stomach — I lap at her belly button and finally make my way to her clit. My lips part in a wicked smile. I look Mina right in the eyes. She groans.
I extend two fingers and spread them around her clit. I rub forward and backward, bumping the sides of the organ with the edges of my fingers. Mina's head rolls back. She mewls. Her crotch jerks toward me. Then she growls determinedly and tightens her muscles, pulling millimeters away. This sets the pattern. Her hips twitch with the movement. Tied as she is, each motion pulls painfully on her hip bones, increasing the volume of her mewls.
My tongue swirls mischievously over her pussy. Bit by bit, I increase the level of stimulation. I vibrate her clit with one finger while stabbing her with another. Tears leak from her eyes. I replace the finger rubbing her clit with my tongue. Mina begins to sob. I puncture her with a second finger. They wiggle inside her, warm and soaking. I turn my wrist and flicker her G-spot. Mina cries out. Her hips buckle. Her body shakes. I tickle her G-spot continuously and suck hard on her clit. She groans in horror, desperation, and not a little arousal. She knows what is coming. She knows how much it will hurt and probably how much she will like it. She knows she will be betrayed by her body. She fights a hopeless, losing battle for my pleasure, her preservation, or both.
She shrieks as she loses. My tongue moves off in favor of the fingers on my other hand. With quick, jerky movements, I begin to scratch Mina's clit, closely mirroring my stimulation of her G-spot. I stand, wanting to view of my handiwork.
Even muffled by the ball gag, Mina moans loud enough to echo. Tear flood from behind her tightly shut eyelids. Her torso shakes. Her breasts oscillate. Her stiff nipples dance in hypnotic circles. Mina's cunt beats against my hands. Fighting her natural inclination to close her legs, thus dislocating her hip bones, she tries thrusting up, bending her back even more. But her muscles can't hold the position. They falter and Mina's cunt lurches away. Her hips quiver and jerk toward me. The strain on her crotch must be overwhelming. The pain, as well. This gives her system a boost. Desperately, Mina tries thrusting her cunt out again. And the cycle repeats itself.
All the while, the walls of her pussy wrap around my fingers with near to bone crushing force. I strain to keep rubbing her G-spot. Her cum leaks past, spreading over her ass and thighs.
Her orgasm lasts a long time. I continue with my assault and push her right into the next one. It gets worse for her as her muscles tire. Her thrusts up become shorter; whereas, her hips quiver for longer periods of time and move a few millimeters higher. It doesn't sound like much, but it means a world of pain to someone in Mina's position. The tip of my cock is covered in precum.
Toward the end of her second orgasm, Mina opens her eyes and stares at me pleadingly. I smile. Her eyes grow wider and flare with rekindled anger. My smile widens. I rub her more. Drool covers her chin and cheeks. It mixes with her tears.
Mina tries fighting again after her second orgasm. She thrust her cunt, pushing down her legs, and holds the position. The effort shakes her hard enough to vibrate the coffee table. I force my hands to relax and scratch her more gently. Mina sobs. "I love you, Mina," I tell her. "Cum for me."
She wails, overcome again. Her knees shake like chicken wings trying to fly. She screams and chokes. I move my fingers away from her, but she keeps on coming. I watch her in fascination, wondering if she will choke to death or dislocate her hip. I don't want her to choke. I still want to rape her. But this is Mina's moment and I can't bring myself to interfere.
I pick up the cat-o'-nine-tails, holding it upside down so the strand would fall over my penis. It feels cold and it itches slightly. It's nice because finally something is touching my cock and because the sensations distract me without taking me over the edge. My stiff cock becomes a fraction less rigid, though it still impatiently waits for its turn. Finally, Mina's third orgasm relaxes. She's still alive and no joints have snapped out of their sockets. Still, her body arches less steeply and her knees hang higher. Not surprising.
She pants. I brush the strand of the cat over her pussy and I watch her shake with post-orgasm spasms. I move the strands of the cat up her stomach and on to her tits. I circle my wrist, twisting the strands around her breasts, watching them wrap around and engulf Mina's nipples. At last, Mina calms down enough to look at me. "Time for a different kind of pain," I tell her. It takes her a couple of seconds to process this. Then, her eyes narrow and her nostrils snort in a challenge. I'm in ecstasy.
Maintaining eye contact, I raise my hand and bring the cat down roughly onto her left breast. Mina flinches and groans. She doesn't back down. I hit her other breast. I strike over and over again. Her breasts grow crimson. The pain increases and her groans become longer and louder. She pants furiously when stop hitting her breasts. Not that she wasn't already when I started.
I trail the cat back over her stomach toward her pussy. I play it over her cunt, rubbing her juices into the strands. Mina closes her eyes. I paint circles over her clit. I wait for her. She moans faintly, enjoying the stimulation. Grey eyes open. She glares at me.
I grin. "Ready?" I ask her. After a moment, she nods, her jaw tight around the ball gag. I return her nod. "Alright then, back we go down the rabbit hole." I hit hard. She screams. Her knees twitch higher. Mina catches them and forces them down. Her crotch moves accordingly. Like that, she fucks every impact.
Her cunt quickly starts turning crimson as well. She screams even louder when I beat at her thighs since it disrupts her control over essential muscles. She sobs again. I angle the cat so the strands slap over her asshole and the welts left by my switch earlier. Mina bangs the aft of her head on the table.
We play like this, cycling over areas, angles, forces, and Mina's reactions. I take her to the limit of her endurance. When I stop, her knees are dangerously high. A lot of tautness has left her body. Her groans have grown much quieter. She looks close to fainting.
The adrenaline I injected into her earlier has seen her through some hard use. However, it appears we're nearing its limit. We don't have much time left. Soon, the poison will be taking effect. The realization quickens my heart beat. I want to make her death glorious.
I toss the cat back on the love seat. Putting my hands on her knees, I hold them down. I tap her cunt with my cock, rolling my hips a little. I wiggle and angle until her cunt catches the tips of my cock. Slowly, I slide into her. After three orgasms, her cunt is smooth as hot velvet. But though nothing can stop me, she hasn't been stretched tonight. I feel the walls of her cunt pulsing tightly around me as I sink in until our crotches are rubbing together.
Me bracing her legs gives Mina a little spare energy. She raises her head. "It's your last fuck, Mina," I say, moving out. "Better say a proper goodbye to the world." She groans as I ram her. I go at her like a piston. Her body shakes. Her eyes lock on me. She doesn't look away. Mina's blazing cunt contracts around my cock, hugging me with every stroke.
She is dying bellow me. I can see her waning a little every time I thrust into her pussy. Her head rests peacefully on the table. Her body relaxes. The teetering of her chest slows. Still she glares at me, her eyes blazing defiantly, surrendering everything to the very last onto my satisfaction. I love her. Oh, how I love her at that moment. Mina, oh Mina! I fuck her wildly.
I let go of her knees and fall over her. The weight of my hips over her thighs keeps her joints safe in their sockets. I'm sure it hurts her a lot anyway, but I don't care. I love her and I want to fuck her. My hands reach between us, kneading her breasts. I plant my mouth on the outside end of the ball gag, tasting spit and sweat and tears. I kiss it, kissing her. I love her. I love her!
We fuck this way for a while. I wrap my arms around her, squeezing her to me, and make out with her over the ball gag. I hump her wildly. She is tired and in pain, but she is still with me. Her cunt pulses around my thrusting member, her breath tickles my lip, her drool leaks past the ball gag, splattering over my chin. Mina glares at me, her grey eyes angry and adoring at once. I don't know how long she has left. It could be an hour or fifteen minutes. The poison hasn't kicked in yet or she would've been dead by now. I feel so happy being with her. I want to do something for her before it's too late.
With an effort, I pause inside her. I push up. Mina's raises her eyebrows a fraction, questioning. I look at her seriously and, after a moment, the anger abandons her eyes. There's no more pretense. There is no discernable emotion at all. Her eyes are a pool of possibilities. She's with me completely. "Mina, do you want to end this?" I ask her. She closes her eyes for a moment, working over my words. I wait for her. The next time I see her eyes, she is vulnerable. I see her sadness, her exhaustion, and her regrets. I see a young woman, barely more than a girl, choosing her destiny. Perhaps this choice has a very small consequence, but the significance of that choice is no less elegant for its effect. Mina nods. I feel proud of her.
Undoing the straps of the ball gag, I take it out of her mouth. Mina gratefully gulps down air. I kiss her lips. She puckers the tiniest bit, almost kissing me back. She doesn't scream. I pull my cock out of her body. She barely makes a sound when I step back. Mina watches me, maddeningly lovely without her ball gag.
I crouch and unstrap her left leg. Mina groans. I pick up more rope from the love seat and coil it around her ankle. I secure it tightly against her thigh, making her amputated below the knee. I do the same to her right leg as well. All the while, Mina whimpers quietly. She sounds melodic and girly. So beautiful.
Next I untie the knot anchoring the noose around her neck. I stand up on the coffee table and string the rope through the pulley I have on my ceiling. Mina stops whimpering. She watches me, her face unreadable. My heart beats faster. I grab a pillow off of the love seat. Placing it on the coffee table, I take a seat. I reach for Mina and lift her into my lap. Our faces are close. I stare into her deep, grey eyes. I don't know what I'm seeing. It frightens me. "I love you," she whispers hoarsely as I begin to pull on the rope.
"Shhhh," I say, putting my fingers over her lips. A final tear rolls down her left cheek. My cock hurts. It wasn't designed to be this hard for this long. I smile at her and yank on the rope. Mina chokes and gurgles as she is lifted into the air by her neck. I hoist her until she hangs over my cock and then lower her slowly, sheathing myself in her cunt.
Mina gasps desperate lungfuls of air. Her thighs rest on mine. The rope around her neck forces her body straight, but she has moment to breathe. Keeping the rope taunt, I lean to the side and retie it around the leg of the table. Her cunt twitches around my cock as Mina's body trembles with exertion. She huffs loudly. I kiss her left nipple as my last act of affection. I bite it, making her moan. I smile looking up at her face. "I love you, too," I tell her.
Taking hold of her knees, I thrust up. With the same motion, I push the pillow off of the table. I fall out of her and Mina's head snaps back. She chokes, unable to reach my hips without the pillow. I ram her again. Our hips collide and she gasps. I fuck her like that: madly and violently. My every thrust literally equals another moment of life. I hold nothing back. I am God. I am Nature. I am roof, food, and water. I give her life. The thought tightens my dick and I know that I will soon give her death as well.
Her head totters, but she still looks at me. She holds my gaze and at last I recognize the final emotion reflecting from her grey, beautiful eyes.
My hands fall away from her knees. I grasp the edge for the table, leaning back, spasming. Sperm shoots out of my cock into Mina's tight and warm cunt. It squeezes around my member in a final attempt to prevent asphyxiation. She sucks all the come out of me while her tired body easily shakes away the final ambers of life. She chokes for no more than half of a minute. To the last, her eyes remain grateful.
And all I can think about as Mina's tongue falls out of her mouth and her eyes lose their vitality is what a waste. If only you hadn't stopped when you did. If only you had pushed just a little bit more. If only you had found the courage to challenge your imperfection and tell her the truth like I did. If only you had risked disappointment. It could've been you here instead of me. She could've gone home with you. And you could've loved her properly. She could've loved you and smiled forever. You let her down and through your inaction condemned her. You could've had all of it. Why didn't you take it? Why did you let this happen to her? It could have been perfect! You fool. You fool. You fool!




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  jaowriter


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





