BDSM Library - sisters




sisters
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: 






Sisters

sina and sara tried hard and they should have. For they both knew punishment would be severe if their Master would have been unhappy with their performance. He enjoyed the deep red blush of shame on their faces as they licked each other cunt juiced off their Master&#8217;s feet. They were kneeling in front of him, their hands tied in a reverse prayer behind their backs. Occasionally one would try to get a glimpse of the other and moan softly. Their Master knew their juices were flowing freely in moments like these. And sina and sara knew that he knew. It was a part of their own special humiliation. sina and sara shared everything after all, for they were sisters.

They had applied some time ago. Twins, who first admitted to themselves and then to each other what they craved. It took their Master a long evening with the cane to get them to admit that they tried to dominate each other to please the other. But since both thought of themselves as heterosexual and had no dominant fibre in their bodies. And so they approached him.

Even though they weren&#8217;t identical twins they looked alike in an astonishing way. Even though that had changed after they approached their Master. Both craved pain and humiliation from the beginning. But the first night they both knelt in front of Master, he decided that sara should be the one living her life in pain and sina the one whose life would circle around humiliation. It might just as well have been the other way around. Yet Master enjoyed the looks sara gave her sister when sina had to crawl on her belly like a worm being wrapped in tape like a mummy. sina&#8217;s look when her sister bucked in pain while being tortured by Master were pretty much the same.

The first change we made them go through were piercings through their cunt lips. Not so much for the looks but to keep their cunts shut with padlocks to which he kept the only keys. If either one of them really needed release they had to earn it and earn it the hard way. Every morning every one had to put the lips on the others cunt and drink their piss. Both wore butt plugs daily (medium sized by now) and should either one need to shit the other had to keep the butt plug in her mouth until they were finished and suckle it clean.

sara&#8217;s body didn&#8217;t look anything like it looked when she first submitted to her Master. These days her body was almost constantly covered with welts, old ones replaced by new ones before they could fade. Her nipples and clit had been enlarged by continuous weight training and suction devices, her cunt lips dangled between her thighs. sina still looked like the day she first submitted to her Master, only her behaviour had changed. She had spent so much time on all fours it seemed odd to her to walk up straight outside and she seemed to always wait for a word from her Master to sink on her knees again.

Tonight sina had a leather hood put on her head with holes for her eyes and mouth. A leather straight jacket held her tightly restrained as she had to kneel and watch her sister wriggle in pain as their Master laid a horse whip on her body. sara&#8217;s body soaked up the pain like a sponge and her Master knew if he allowed her a series of orgasms would break out of her like a volcano eruption. He was still pondering if he should grant her that treat. It would be fun to make her cum with her sister watching who hasn&#8217;t been allowed to orgasm for ten straight weeks.

Master didn&#8217;t always have the time to deal with them during the week so they got tasks to complete while they were on her own. Sara had to endure a heavy caning of her cunt by her sister daily while she had to hold an enema of their piss. After all the time they were still reluctant to treat each other. Still resistance would have been futile and their reluctance was part of their Master&#8217;s entertainment. Both had to enter the shower stall then and sina had to pull out her sister&#8217;s butt plug and lick her ass hole. It came as no surprise that it took less than ten minutes for sara to lose control. The contents of her bowels erupted from her asshole and flowed over sina&#8217;s head and body. sina had to spend that night chained in the shower lying in her own filth.

So technically sara failed and didn&#8217;t deserve to cum. Yet her Master decided to have sara suck his balls while sina rode his dick, with her cunt lips clamped of course. He enjoyed her embarrassment to witness her sister being fucked. She had so see her sister&#8217;s asshole right in front of her face while her own juices started to boil in her hungry cunt. Of course she would have to lick sina&#8217;s juices of her Master&#8217;s dick and then suckle his cum from her cunt. Master was tempted to let her cum, maybe make her masturbate in front of him or being orally served by her sister. But he decided to make her wait for a couple of weeks. 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Memento


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





