BDSM Library - Dom to a Sub




Dom to a Sub
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: What happens when a sub gets revenge on a Dom






DOM TO A SUB

This is a fiction story of a Dom forced to become a sub. Kristal is teenage girl of dominant character and she loved a secret desire of domination. She is 5.2&#8217; in height and her boobs are 34D and she loves that and she likes only sexy slim beauties with good boobs. Ann is a professional Domatrix who like to change each and every thing that comes on her ways. Ann works in a Marketing company as a sales manager and loves this provision and she on the night time becomes a professional Domatrix she has a sub in her office her personal assistant Catty. Ann is 6.2&#8217; in height and has a boobs of size 24-3-27 and she loves to capture teenage Domes and with her tight and strict manner she always change them to slaves of her use and with this subs /slaves she make money by lending them for prostitution. Catty is a young but a good personal assistant to Ann but only she knows a weakness of her Mistress Ann that she loves to play bondage pokers and with her crude mind she always wins. By using this ways she used to capture teenage Doms who are sexy. (Now back to Story).

Kristal used to go to a pub every day evening to find any attractive girls for her pleasure and she used to get daily. But she does not know that she has been watched daily by two eyes. The two eyes have been spying on her for more than a week now and the time has come for the two eyes to take into action her plan. (Ann).&nbsp; Ann went to the table were Kristal was sitting and started to introduce herself as a Sales manager. Since Kristal was just out from her college and now waiting to get a job she was happy to talk to Ann and she talked to Kristal in a way that they know each other more than a year. Both of them talked freely and Ann asked Kristal to come to her residence for a drink but she refused. After that meeting they used to be together in the bar weekly and Ann has not told her about her profession and about her sub Catty. One day when Kristal was checking the BDSM web sites she found a picture which is similar to her and she checked the profile and found that the person whom she talked daily in the bar is a professional Domatrix. She want to make it confirmed for that she waited till the Friday and went with Ann to the bar and started a casual talk and later she asked her whether she is a professional Domatrix or not she told she is and she has a slave also and she is only interested in female slaves. Kristal asked whether she can see her slave one time and she want to know more about Domination techniques. Ann was happy in her mind because she has got Kristal in her trap and she has consumed her bait that she was waiting till this day. Ann told Kristal she is ready to show her the slave for that she will have to come with her to her residence. Thinking that it is normal and she does not have any work on Saturdays she told Ann that she is ready to be at her residence. After about an hour they reached Ann&#8217;s residence it was a big suit filled with all types of expensive furniture&#8217;s and it looked like a big motel to Kristal. Kristal was given a mix of gin with vodka which she loved. After ten to twenty minutes Ann came back in leather out fit and asked whether she is interested to play a game, she asked which game she told a small bondage poker and it will be interesting to enjoy their new friendship. Kristal didn&#8217;t find any thing suspicious so she told Ann that she is ready to go for a game but after that she will have to show her slave. The poor Kristal did not know that the Slave Catty has been tied to the bed where she was sitting.&nbsp; Ann told her the rules of the Bondage poker game: the rules are as follows:
There will be five games in this and the person who is winning the majority will be given a surprise.Kristal asked what is the surprise then Ann told don&#8217;t be eager for that first allow me to tell you the rules. Then she continued if the winner is winning most of the game in a full flush then the looser will have to do what the winner tells her to do for 24 hours if the winner is winning the game in any other ways the looser will have to be the winners slave for 12 hours. During this time the looser will be considered as a slave only and she will have to be in that position only. Ann told Kristal that before starting the game she will have to sign a paper telling that she understood the rules and regulations of the game and she is willing to take part in this with her full senses. Kristal was getting hornier by hearing this and she know that she is a good player in cards and she can get Ann under her feet when the game ends. The main thing that Kristal does not know was that what all things they were doing is being recorded by Ann using her secret cams. They started the game the first game was won by Kristal and she was happy to make Ann strip off her jacket. When Ann striped off the jacket Kristal was so honey because of the drug that Ann has put on the drink. Kristal was staring on the boobs that she has seen in front of in her mind she needed that now at any cost. Ann takes this as an invitation and smiled sexily and continued the game. She knows that she is going to make this Dom her slave just than an hour and she will be her&#8217;s and all her property. Due to horniness and Kristal begins to lose her concentration and due to Ann&#8217;s spy work she knows what Kristal weakness is so she continued and in the next three games she won the match with full flush and now Kristal was sitting on the chair with only her panties and Ann with all her cloths only her jacket is lost. Ann smiled at Kristal and told her you are going to be mine for more than you think and she smiled again. Kristal did not know what that smile was for and she played again and she lost again and lost her panties also and now she is a slave to Ann for 12 hours she thought but Ann told her you know the rules and you are going to be my slave for the next 24 hours. Kristal argued telling her that she has not won all the games in a full flush. Ann simply smiled and went inside Kristal has not checked yet whether her clothes are there or not Ann kept the cloths in a place where Kristal will not find it. Then she came back and told Kristal I am now the Mistress and I will be thinking whether it is 12 hours or 24 hours&nbsp; now Kristal became angry and stood up to take her cloths then only she realized her clothes is not there she got angry and tried to beat Ann . Knowing this action earlier she was carrying a cattle prod with her and she used it on her pussy which sent Kristal pain and needing for air taking this opportunity Ann cuffed Kristal and ball ganged her and took her to the basement where her Dungeon was and she told Kristal one thing if she is ready to suffer for the miss deeds that she has done in her dining room by hitting her then she is willing to release her and she will only have to be her slave for 12 hours and Kristal told she is ready to take what she want to do because a game is a game and not real thing. Ann told Kristal that it is a game but do you remember the paper that you have signed before starting the game. Kristal told yes I know and have you read through the paper before signing. Now Kristal knows what she had got into with out reading the paper before signing. Ann told don&#8217;t worry I will destroy the paper in front of you if you are willing to be my slave for the time I decide&nbsp; if not I know how to make you agree for that . Kristal was calling all the bad words she know on Ann and then Ann broke the bush telling that you signed only three papers do you know what that papers were meant for. The papers you signed will give me all the ownership of your property and your bank amount and I will be able to transfer all to my account and you will be penny less when you get out of here and one more thing you are not going to get out of here from now you will get out when I needed and that on the date of your sale. Ann laughed and told Kristal time to make you one and put her on a chair and strapped her legs and hands and then she brought her slave Catty&nbsp; there and told Kristal now you can see my slave Catty do you know her&nbsp; then Kristal concentrated and found out now that she has been searching for. Now she knows what happened to her best friend&#8217;s sister who has been missing from her house three years before and she only knows that she has gone out of the states with her boy friend and nothing else. Now she knows every thing. She flicked her eyes at Catty and told something and Catty did not understand what Kristal has told now. Catty was given orders by her Mistress Ann to suck Kristals cunt till she is at the brim and do not make her come Catty started her Mistress command and it continued for more than two hours and Kristal was begging to stop this torture and she is willing to be her slave for the time she told her . Ann came back and told her slave to stop and she told&nbsp; Kristal&nbsp; now I am the deciding person and you are only a slave and you will be my slave till I release you and she laughed. The same procedure was done continuously for one week till Kristal was not able to fight back but she had a strong instinct to get away from this place and never come back but she does not know how to get out of this. She thought of a plan since Catty is Ann&#8217;s slave for this long time and her friends sister she will help her in some ways or other she will have to find out this first . 
From that day Kristal started the life as a slave to Ann and Ann made Kristal do all the filthy works including toilet cleaning using her tong which was a degrading one which she was forced to do and if she failed she will be taken to the dungeon and given electricity in various charges so that she will be exhausted and passed out then she will use ammonia to make her come back then she will make her ship and piss in a small bowl and make her eat it as her food which was a degrading one and which made her sick so many times. During her stay as a slave Ann was playing a bondage poker with another Domatrix who was told to be the buyer of Kristal. The Domatrix name was Martha and she was know to be the best Domatrix in the North America due to her approach to the slaves and her method of breaking the slaves but one good character in her was that she does not like forced slavery and she was strictly against that and for preventing this forced slavery she was having a force under her direct control. Martha does not know that Ann was making slaves by forced methods and breaking the slaves by showing their degrading videos and making them mentally break and make them her&#8217;s for money only and for nothing. The character of Martha was know by Catty and she was feeling love with Kristal and also was feeling sorry for her to become a slave to Mistress Martha she told every thing that she know about Mistress Martha to Kristal so that she will not be angry at her and one secret that she kept under her mind till date. She told Kristal that Mistress Martha is a good women and she only selects the slave by talking to them personally in a private place where she lives if you are ready to prove to her about your situation then some time she will help you and one more thing Mistress Ann is keeping a copy of all the auctions and your training in a disk which will be help full for you to prove your point. The main thing that I want to tell you is that Mistress Ann is having weakness in Bondage poker that you know other than that she is more weaker than that when she is getting spanking that means she loves to be spanked and she will come so many times daily from my spanking . She is a complete Domatrix but each Domatrix will have a sub deep in them that is the psychology of a Mistress. Ok best of luck for your auction and your escape.

One week passed and the date for the auction came but Mistress Ann does not know that her secret has been know by Kristal who was waiting to get her revenge but only one thing she did not find was that she was not able to find the emergency exit to Mistress Ann&#8217;s bed room were she used to keep all the records. At sharp mid night before the day of auction when Mistress Ann was taking her supper Kristal was able to trace the emergency exit and with the help of Catty she found out all the records and she took each and every record that she got and placed that inside a carry bag which will be used to carry all the belongings that she have after the auction is over. The auction came and the buyers were ready to buy the slaves but Mistress Martha was not present which made Kristal unhappy because her way to freedom has not reached. After about half an hour Mistress Martha reached with a sexy slave and within fifteen minutes Kristal was taken to a private room to talk to Mistress Martha and Kristal was not prepared to talk to her but she regained her strength and told her Mistress Martha I would like to talk to you in a private place not in this house, from her reply itself Mistress Martha found out some thing was not correct here and so she took Kristal to her car and talked to her Kristal was waiting for this time and told Mistress Martha she has something to show her but if Mistress Ann came to know about that then Catty and she will have to pay for that deal .Now Mistress Ann came to Know some thing important is there in this house and she was ready to take Kristal with her not as a slave but as a novice slave if she was not pleased she will hand her back to&nbsp; Mistress Ann. She took Kristal with her to her house there she take Kristal in her hands and gave her the joy that she has not yet enjoyed till now and after that Kristal told her she has a small bag at the back of Mistress Martha&#8217;s&nbsp; car and she wand&#8217;s that to be safe and she took the bag and brought it in front of Mistress Martha and showed her all the video files and the documents that she has obtained which made Mistress Martha angry and told Kristal what she has done is not fair but what she has done is excellent and she was searching for the person who used to take the teen Domatrix to her house and by forcing slavery&nbsp; to them that person will become wealthier and powerful and she was not having any proof to find the person and Kristal has provided that and she is happy for that and she told her about the rescue force that she had and what they do she told her that she knows about that more and her friend has told her about that earlier and she told her that she want to know whether she will be Mistress Martha&#8217;s slave&nbsp; or a free person to be a Domatrix again. Mistress Martha told Kristal that she is a free person now and she will help her to be a Domatrix again. Kristal told Mistress Martha if she is released if Mistress Ann finds her again will kill her or make her suffer for what she has lost. Mistress Martha told Kristal don&#8217;t worry I am not going to destroy you&nbsp; or your friend but I will destroy Mistress Ann and her kingdom that she has made and I will make her suffer for what she has forced on others with out their decisions.
Kristal knew that this is the time to tell Mistress Martha of her revenge that she wanted on Mistress Ann and what her week ness was. She told Mistress Martha that she want to take revenge on Mistress Ann and make Mistress Ann her slave and she want to make her understand what is forced slavery and she wand&#8217;s to do what ever she has done to her and she told Mistress Martha about the weakness of Mistress Ann and what she used to do on every weak days. During this time at Mistress Ann dungeon Catty was being punished and electricity was supplied in her body to reveal the truth of where the file and video files had gone and for whom she has been spying. Sensing the problems Mistress Martha has made the rescue force alert in front of Mistress Ann&#8217;s house. Mistress Martha and Kristal have gone inside the house with the map that Catty has given her before she has been taken by Mistress Martha. Martha and Kristal were able to locate the easy passage to Mistress Ann&#8217;s dungeon and they were marching towards the dungeon when they have seen the videos of Catty&#8217;s punishment being done. This made Kristal angry and she want Mistress Ann to suffer the same after taking Mistress Ann as her hostage. They reached the dungeon with their troops and found that Catty was there in the punishment equipment and they released her and was immediately sent for medical check up and they move forward towards Ann&#8217;s bead room and slowly opened the door when they have slightly opened they found out that she was drinking her favorite vodka and was planning to find a way to track the place were the evidence has gone. She was checking the security videos one by one so she was not able to see who is behind her in a sudden attack Mistress Martha used the cattle prod at the neck of Mistress Ann. She yelped but due to her drinking she was not able to fight for so long she has been captured and blind folded. Since she was partly drunk it was easy for Mistress Martha to get the acceptance certificate signed by Mistress Ann since she was partly drunk and partly unconscious she signed every thing that they kept forward and they took her to Mistress Martha&#8217;s house. 
This night was the happiest day of Mistress Martha and Kristal because both of them have attained the needed one and are free to live as they wish. The next day morning came and Ann was trying to wake up but she was not able to lift her hands or legs after some time she found out that she was naked as the day she has bone and she found that she was in some kind of a dungeon she tried all her best to break the bond and failed and fell down not knowing what happened and the time passed and Mistress Martha along with her lover Kristal(now known as Mistress Kristal) came down seeing them Ann started to yelp and told them to release her or else she will make them pay for what they have don. By hearing Ann yelp Mistress Kristal got angry and smacked Ann&#8217;s face and told her from now on she and Mistress Martha should be given respect and all her belongings and she is theirs. And showed her the papers she has signed and told her that Mistress Martha has got all the records of Mistress Ann deleted from the government register and there will not be any number of registrations for Ann and she is gone for ever. After telling this Mistress Kristal collared Ann and sealed the collar which will be in the neck till she dies and she told Ann she is now the lowest of all slaves and she is going to get them money by selling herself as a prostitute or by dancing in their bdsm club. The old Mistress Ann has to undergo the same treatment what she has done on others forcibly from Mistress Kristal and Mistress Kristal gave Ann a new place in the bondage poker bar that is who ever comes to the bar can use her for their purpose and then she can be bided for whipping only . Ann&#8217;s lives become a living hell from that day she tried to kill herself two times when she was freed by Mistress Kristal. But what made her kill herself is that she was forced to eat her shit in front of the Mistress who were her friends before and they all enjoyed this and they took her each at a time to the toilet to use her and she was used by her former slave in the office were she worked as a manager in her place is her older sub now her Mistress.
On the Spring time both Mistress Martha and Mistress Kristal will come together along with Catty and will spent weeks together and this time is the hell foe Ann and on the date of December 17th that Spring time Mistress Martha Mistress Kristal and Catty released Ann from slavery but she has not changed after that also she tried to force slavery on a Teen Mistress Who was called the Black Knight but it was an unfortunate day and Ann&nbsp; failed in that full game and was forced to become Black Knight&#8217;s slave for 24 hours after that Black Knight came to know more about the deeds Ann has done and what she has suffered and with the help of Mistress Martha Mistress Kristal and Catty Black Knight brought Ann to a place which is lonely in hills and made her eat the shits from a dig full of shit after completely eating it she become some more mentally sick and later it was heard that Ann the Sadistic one was being hoisted on a public bar for roasting as a punishment for attacking a teen Mistress. On that day she was alive when she was made to eat a fresh meat of a female in front of a crowd. This incident made her more mentally ill and in front of all the audience she piece red herself using the baking stick right from&nbsp;&nbsp; her pussy to her through and&nbsp; committed suicide.



PROLOGY;

DON&#8217;T EVER TRY TO MAKE A FORCED DOMINATION IT IS NATURAL AND YOU CAN FIND OUT FROM ANY PLACE THAT MATCHES YOU DESIRE AND NOT PLAY WITH IT. IT WILL END WITH THE SAME ENDING.


NB: Those who want to know what Ann has done to Catty and What Kristal has done to Ann to break her sprit send me a message or feed backs at Masterjonny@collarme.com 



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  JONNY


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





