BDSM Library - Bonnie's Fix




Bonnie's Fix
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  Bonnie was a hard working housewife and her husband liked to fuck as as many women as he could while he was away on business. Bonnie knew but she could do nothing until one day she decided to fix things.         






Bonnie was 25 years old and considered pretty. She had a full time job and took care of the house. Her husband was a salesman for a large corporation and did a lot of traveling. Bonnie knew that he had more than one girlfriend and saw them all many times when he was on the road.

Bonnie was hurt but couldn't do anything about it. She needed his income. One day she insisted she go with him to have a small vacation. His trip took him to Chicago, this time. 

As Bonnie and her husband, Ron, were having a drink at the bar he suddenly felt tired and sleepy so they went back to the room. 

It was two days later when Ron woke up. He was in a hospital bed with his arms secured by his side. His was a little groggy and his crotch area ached. A nurse looked in and said, HI, then left to get the doctor. The doctor and Bonnie came in a moment later. 

Bonnie smiled and looked Ron Straight in the eyes and began to explain:

Ron, you have been screwing around for years now and I have sat at home missing you and wanting you. I love you but things are different now. This sugery has taken me a lot of time to arrange and I had to take out a second mortgage to pay for it but it is worth it. Let me explain your new life to you.

The doctor has made a few modifications to you. He has put in some permanent restrictions in you blood vessels leaving your little cock.You now will have a PERMANENT erection, weather you are horny or not. It will be ROCK HARD at ALL times from now on day or night. He has also added some new plumbing down there. A new tube has been put in from you prostate to your urethra. From now on, besides having a permanent hard-on, you will be oozing precum continuously. You might want to consider using a women's sanitary pad unless you want your pre cum stains to leek through your pants.

The nerve endings going to the head of your cock have been cut and a small processor has been put in series with those nerve endings. This means that the top end of your cock is now numb and you will not be able to cum, unless the processor receives a specific signal from it's counterpart, which has been placed inside of me. The only way that it will send a signal out is if I have an orgasm and you are within 4 feet of me. 

I other words, Ron, The only way you will ever cum again is if you make me cum first. Your little cock will be open to you for only five minutes and only as long as you are within four feet of me, before it gets numb again and the only way to feel it again is for you to give me another orgasm.

From now on, you will be free to fuck whoever you wish to. In fact, I insist that you satisfy at least 2 women per month. It will now be your job to please as many women as you can with that nice permanent hard-on of yours. I don't care now. You will always return to me if you ever want you cum again.

I will enjoy watching you walk around trying to hide that tent pole in your pants, now let&#8217;s go back to the motel. We will go sit at the bar. I want to watch you pick up and please your first woman. Remember, dear, you are now here for the sole purpose of pleasing women. It's what you best at anyway, isn't it?

Life just got better for Bonnie. She now knew that Ron would always be happy to see her and would come home to her any chance he got.



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Lockedup57


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





