BDSM Library - My beautiful bisexual slaves and I




My beautiful bisexual slaves and I
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A multi billionaire creates an exotic sexual utopia where dreams really do come true. His beautiful slaves are bisexual women, and he soon finds that indeed, he has become a slave...of love         






&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 





This story is intended as entertainment for adults only





Having become fabulously wealthy from my vast real estate, and other assorted ventures,&nbsp; I decided to fulfill my deepest sexual fantasies, and to enjoy the fruits of my years of labor.&nbsp; My assets totaled about thirty five billion, and I constructed a very large and special estate in Mexico, with surroundings quite conducive to peace and solitude, and to the pursuit of my vocation as a male dominant to willing women, and researcher of the female orgasmic, and ejaculatory system.&nbsp; I'd had a similar arrangement at times before, but conditions had always made the continuation of my project untenable.



Through the years I have owned a number of willing female sub slaves, sometimes several at a time, and I find the sense of power and sexual possibility quite addictive to me.&nbsp; I have never married, and look upon this lifestyle as one that I enjoy most.&nbsp; I make it a point to never become emotionally involved with my sub slaves in a meaningful way, and merely use them as convenient toys for my sexual gratification. 



I feel great affection for them, nonetheless, and they for me, and our kisses are genuinely caring, though we all know that such a strange arrangement is not based on traditional ties, only a real expression of the feelings of the moment between us.&nbsp; I cannot deny, however, in my deepest heart, and in my own way, that I love them each very dearly. That this relationship could ever change seemed highly unlikely to me.

 

Strangely, it is never difficult to find beautiful and willing women to do my bidding in this kind of situation.&nbsp; Some of us have an intense and built in addiction for such domination.



My large estate is located in northern Mexico, on the outskirts of a metropolitan area, and my secluded villa is well protected by Mexican authorities because of generous&nbsp; payments made to them on a regular basis, all handled by my group of highly skilled lawyers through my foundations. I am allowed full freedom to do as I please, and even police protection, in the city, and within the confines of my property.&nbsp; I've invested nearly three hundred million dollars on my unusual estate, and I expect to invest even more over time.



I constructed a special research area within my villa in which I conduct intensive tests to learn as much as possible about female sexual response, and ejaculation, and the study of female ejaculate fluid, secretions, excretions, and the pheromone qualities of the various female odors, particularly vaginal effluvium.&nbsp; I explore the absolute limit of sexual ecstasy for each of my female subjects, by use of sophisticated equipment designed to produce the most intense orgasmic reactions possible.



I have ten female volunteers for that purpose now in my laboratory prison, all convicted of serious crimes against the helpless and elderly, and they are provided me by the Mexican government for a period of six months.&nbsp; At the end of that time, if the women cooperate fully in my research projects,&nbsp; I return them to the government, and their sentence is erased,&nbsp; and they are freed.



The women, who are all in their twenties, are exhaustively tested, however, for any diseases before coming here, are in good condition, and have a clean bill of health when they arrive.&nbsp; They are sedated during transit here to insure complete ignorance of their destination.



During their time here they are also forced into lesbian activities and relationships, for the entertainment of my bi female slaves, and once freed from the prison system, will suffer from involuntary orgasm for at least six months after being released.&nbsp; These women are well aware of all this before they come here, and prefer this to spending ten or twenty years inside a Mexican prison.&nbsp; If they do not cooperate absolutely, and do everything they are commanded to, they are returned to the Mexican authorities to serve out their sentences.



My pretty,&nbsp; bisexual household sex slaves are a great help in my research, and they are allowed to enjoy the female prisoners in virtually any way they wish sexually.&nbsp; In my own way I love my pretty slave ladies, and we have an incredible and highly exotic relationship in our own world.&nbsp; I had never before been in a similar circumstance with my former sub slaves, and frankly this experimental relationship is quite new to me.



A female staff of one medical doctor, one psychiatrist,&nbsp; two nurses, and two security guards oversee the small prison medical laboratory.&nbsp; Our beautiful and renowned psychiatrist, Dr. Sarah Smith,&nbsp; age 52, conducts therapy sessions for anyone who needs them here at the estate, and she is quite marvelous in her treatments, and cures. Her specialty is sex therapy, and she is one of the best in the world.&nbsp; She is paid a huge salary each year, and she is worth every penny of it.



 The doctors conduct most of the experiments, under my watchful eye, and I use the female prisoners sexually in any way I desire, and they must cooperate without hesitation, or face return to the prison system.



They are not harmed, nor do they receive any kind of harsh treatment or torture, and I am very strict on this, as my employees are well aware.&nbsp; The medical staff are very skilled in attaining the absolute, and complete focus of the female prisoners in producing their vaginal products, and in copious quantities, and are aided in this by strong aphrodisiacs and hypnotic conditioning.&nbsp; Very intense orgasmic experiences are required for my purposes.



The prisoners are well cared for nutritionally and medically, and receive generous financial rewards for full and mindless cooperation.



I send samples of their collected female fluids in my prison lab to my chemists in the United States for analysis and the development of new kinds of powerful aphrodisiacs and also medicinal drugs.&nbsp; Among my accomplishments in this regard,&nbsp; are three new wonder drugs effective against uterine cancer. 



They, in turn,&nbsp; send new experimental sex drugs to me on a regular basis for disposition.&nbsp; All of the drugs have been tested extensively in the lab before being presented to me so that they pose no danger to my female subjects, except, possibly, the painful pleasure of an extremely intense orgasm and ejaculation.



I believe that my staff, including scientists, chemists, lawyers, business experts and support personnel are the best in the world, and my access to needed supplies and equipment, and my facilities better than any in the world.&nbsp; I have traveled widely, and I have no doubt whatever that this is true.&nbsp; 



I now have six bisexual female slaves living here with me in my estate, and have room for many&nbsp; more.&nbsp; I was quite careful in selecting my ladies, and had them hand picked in the US after an exhaustive search, and psychological testing, and then had them flown here for employment.&nbsp; My slaves must be bisexual nymphomaniacs, very pretty, very loving, and very well endowed physically to even be considered.&nbsp; It seems the more I abuse them,&nbsp; the more they like it, and the tighter the hold I have over them, or so they claim. 



Each year six very well endowed males are brought here for service under highly unusual circumstances. They will receive one&nbsp; million dollars each, tax free,&nbsp; if they agree to spend one&nbsp; year in sedated consciousness, a process unique to my&nbsp; brilliant scientists.



They are told that they will fall asleep comfortably, and wake up in one year as though no time whatever had passed, and that they will be in better physical condition than when they fell asleep, in addition to other wonderful benefits.&nbsp; They will also receive, tax free, one million dollars.



All of the men who volunteer to come here must be single, in their late twenties, well endowed, and in superb physical condition, and have no ties whatever.



The men who come here will receive special drug and hypnotic treatment by my medical staff, rendering them devoid of normal cortical response, but remaining completely intact physically.&nbsp; They are conditioned to respond immediately, and with the required emotion to any sexual command given them, but only to sexual commands, and have a powerful post hypnotic suggestion against any form of aggression or non compliance.&nbsp; In effect they do exactly as they are told when it pertains to sexual commands, and appear to be interacting normally in their duties.



They can speak only during sexual assignments, and will obey sexual commands exactly.&nbsp; They are given healthful exercise periods during their stay, and the best food, nutritional, and sexual supplements in the world, as well as special extracts to greatly increase their seminal output, staying power, and genital size.&nbsp; They are also required to watch porn videos daily to build their sexual pressure, though masturbation is strictly forbidden by their powerful mental conditioning. 



Otherwise they may rest and enjoy themselves in their luxury prison apartments, until needed for service.&nbsp; 



When their one year of service is completed, they are de programmed totally, and are returned to the states completely healthy, and intact mentally, and given their million dollar reward.&nbsp; I make absolutely certain that my legal staff insures that they are paid quickly, and efficiently, either in cash or by any other means&nbsp; to their preference, upon their arrival back home.



The males who have undergone this process already, and received their one million dollars, swear that they remember absolutely nothing of their service, and in fact remember falling asleep and awakening, and nothing more.&nbsp; They also report feeling wonderfully refreshed and healthy upon awakening.&nbsp; 



They are prepped at a special location before coming here, under unique protocols, and brought here under sedation and high secrecy in one of my shuttle choppers.



I have my lawyers verify, by several means, to prospective volunteers, that this unique offer is for real, and legal under research guidelines, and not in the least harmful or dangerous to them, and that in fact, they are much healthier when they return.



One notable side effect is the exaggerated development of the penis and testicles, along with greatly increased staying power, seminal output, and sexual drive. No one has complained about the side effects so far. 



The males are kept in the prison area while here, and when needed, are brought to service my lovely slaves, or my large staff, who incidentally, require their services constantly.&nbsp; 



I am also bisexual and often enjoy hot sex with my ladies while they are being serviced by our resident indentured males. This is delightful to my girls and we enjoy every raunchy possibility for gratification. 



----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------



My female slaves are all completely free of the restraints of normal sexual conventions, and are capable of forming deep relationships with either men or women.&nbsp; I encourage this and have them perform for me in the most intimate ways possible, and they seem to quite enjoy this.&nbsp; They are actually totally unable to refuse me anything, because of their powerful needs and fears, and their affection for me, and will do absolutely anything I command them to do.



I have provided for my beautiful sex slaves very generously in the event of my demise, and my lawyers have explicit orders to make sure that this mandate is carried out with extreme certainty, and to the letter.



They do my housework, and chores, and are always available for any kind of sex, any time I want it, and conversely, I deny them almost nothing sexually.&nbsp; They are free to leave at anytime, with a huge separation gift, but none have taken this option, and on the contrary, would find removal from this setting quite traumatic. Once I have imprinted them with my absolute domination over, and ownership of them, and affection for them, they become desperately possessive of this amazing dream world .&nbsp; 



One of my lifelong personal preferences is that I like nice people.&nbsp; People who are not vindictive, or vengeful, or cruel, and who have true compassion for others.&nbsp; My beautiful slaves are indeed nice ladies, and that is why we are all so successful here together. 



I discipline them, however, and they quite like it, and I want them to obey me implicitly without fail.



My beautiful female slaves and I remain naked at all times, and go about our daily business in our own manner and at our own discretion.&nbsp; I have insured, by high tech equipment,&nbsp; that the inside temperature is carefully controlled for our needs as nudists. They are required to call me Sir anytime they address me, and this rule is strictly enforced.



Exquisitely pretty, thirty five year old Nichole was my first acquisition after moving here, and she helped me train and use the other five slaves:&nbsp; Smart and horny Susan, 34,&nbsp; perfectly formed Millissa, or Missy, 27,&nbsp;&nbsp; Olivia, 38, whom I call lady Olivia,&nbsp; petite oralist Christina, 25,&nbsp; and the voluptuous and vaginally hirsute Cynthia, 39, completes the lineup to date.&nbsp; I find having this many highly erotic supplicants is quite satisfying and entertaining.&nbsp; They seem to get along quite well together,&nbsp; and have formed deep love and physical relationships with each other, often engaging in hot, wet sex in full view of everyone, enjoying the complete freedom of their intense sexual needs.



All of them crave mental and physical discipline,&nbsp; and the punishment that I sometimes give them, but my definition of discipline and punishment deviates from the accepted norm, and is carefully delivered, with no malevolence involved, and designed primarily for sexual effect.&nbsp; I have gone over the line occasionally when angered by one of the girls, but rarely lose my temper.



I give them each a very generous stipend each month, and on occasion withhold that allowance when a serious infraction had been committed.



We are all compelled to take special designer aphrodisiacs each day, and are required to masturbate ourselves at least once during the day in full view of anyone who happens to be watching. These are among the special rules that they and I both must obey, and we don't contravene&nbsp; them, and follow an implied dictum that we cannot violate.&nbsp; 



Another item in this unbreakable constitution is that they are allowed to restrain me once each day, if desired, and by a full vote, and do absolutely anything they want with me, excluding, of course anything destructive, or greatly painful.&nbsp; Any form of retribution on my part, for these sessions, is forbidden.



There are a number of other unbreakable rules here in our world,&nbsp; that allow us to live in a very unique universe of sexual gratification.



When I break a rule, there are specifically assigned punishments for me, that I must endure.



My large estate has many rooms, and living, and entertainment areas, and a magnificent kitchen, a gym, and a massage therapy area, and the girls keep themselves clean and well taken care of, and always ready for our mutual&nbsp; pleasure.&nbsp; They have so many expensive clothes that each has about ten of my many closets filled with their favorite trappings. I'm afraid I'm a bit indulgent with them.



I fuck them often, and they enjoy fucking me, and I&nbsp; receive oral sex as often as I desire it. (which seems fair to me, my own attention to them being noted) 

They desperately need their cunts and assholes eaten, and I sometimes have to be firm with them and refuse to satisfy their needs if I have already performed this service more than five or six&nbsp; times in one day.



They are given state of the art contraceptives, and are carefully monitored by our&nbsp; medical staff for this, or any other health or female problems.&nbsp; The bathroom supply cabinets are filled with every kind of feminine product imaginable, as well as a vast array of over the counter medicines, antiacids, laxatives, and on and on. I spare no expense in this regard. Feminine napkin receptacles are present in each bathroom.



Nichole and I have trained them to be expert cocksuckers, and my large number of friends enjoy their talents on a regular basis.&nbsp; I also have parties on weekends, and usually have from ten to fifteen male and female acquaintances present so that we may just visit together or have an extensive orgy if so desired. I have my friends flown in from the US first by company jet to a large airport, and then by large helicopter to my estate.&nbsp; I have a full heliport in the front area of the main dwelling, and a large garage containing every imaginable kind of vehicle.



I fawn over my extensive collection of vintage Corvettes, but have a&nbsp; uniquely built Rolls and two super reinforced Cadillac limousines as well.&nbsp; We often take unplanned shopping excursions into the city, via serious escort procedures, and visit only safe,&nbsp;&nbsp; crime free areas.&nbsp; My greatly skilled female security guards provide a protection against kidnapping,&nbsp; and terrorist activity,&nbsp; that the President would envy.



I employ fifty people who live on the estate, and they are screened and tested very carefully before being accepted to work here. 



My estate is surrounded on the outer perimeter by a high electric fence, and inside of that,&nbsp; a tall, vanadium steel reinforced security wall topped with barbed wire, and inundated with state of the art security and detection equipment.



My large property is cared for by an all female staff that consists of security guards, maintenance workers, vehicle mechanics, dining area personnel, cleaning personnel, grounds care workers, and others.&nbsp; The security personnel total twenty five women, carefully chosen for their integrity and skill, and they carry automatic weapons, sidearms, and projectile tasers with them at all times.&nbsp; 



Also if any problem arises the Mexican authorities would be here quickly, or I could have my elite quick response team here by high speed helicopter from the US within a short time.



I'm convinced that my Mexican estate has no equal anywhere, because of special construction, and the vast array of high tech electronic apparatus that it contains.

All personnel outside of my slave group are housed in rooms surrounding the main building, and receive excellent pay and benefits for their services.&nbsp; They are strictly forbidden to bother, or disturb myself,&nbsp; or those inside my central confines, on any occasion,&nbsp; except for some extremely important matter.



------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; My Inner Sanctum



I was sitting on the large comfortable sofa when Nichole approached and knelt at my feet.&nbsp; She was so pretty, and her light brown hair was soft and shiny.&nbsp; Her perfect body was white and unblemished, and her vaginal hair bushy and erotic.



"Sir, is there anything I can do for you now that the dinner dishes are done?"



I grinned lightly at her, and rubbed my fingers over her silky locks.



"Nichole, you always seem to know when I'm in need, I think we must have a psychic link at times. Sweetness, I need to fuck....would you just do me right here please."



She smiled and stood looking down at me as she put her knees up and straddled my legs. She lowered herself down and my already hard cock nudged her wet pussy.&nbsp; I moved it around and slid it in her tight slit and it was heavenly.&nbsp; She was always so tight and slick and she was my favorite fuck of the group, though they all were fine pieces of ass.



She put her arms around my back, and her head on my shoulder as I shoved my erect penis all the way into her very tight and wonderful cunt and when I began to pump her she fucked me deeply, undulating her well formed hips, and groaned as her tight hole gripped my dick. 



"You're my favorite fuck slave", I whispered, "I just love your pussy!"



She gripped me tighter as I slid quickly in and out of her and she kissed my nose and cheeks as I neared orgasm.&nbsp; I looked at her pretty blue eyes and jerked uncontrollably, sending a thick wad of semen up her hairy snatch.&nbsp; I pumped in more and more hot cum,&nbsp; jerking several times and she held me tightly and milked it all out.



I fell back, unable to move, and she kissed me and pulled upward, as my spent dick plopped out of her.&nbsp; She grabbed a nearby towel and wiped her dripping vagina as she knelt and looked up at me.



I looked down at her in contentment and stroked her hair again.&nbsp; "You little cocksucker&nbsp; you're such a sweet piece of ass and I mean it."



She grinned slightly and looked down at her wiping.&nbsp; "Thank you sir, after all, I live to serve you."



Nichole stood and bent over, opening her tight asshole and cunt to me from behind.



"Is that dry enough Sir?", she whispered.



"Yes baby, that's fine.&nbsp; That was a good fuck.&nbsp; 



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------



The coming weekend was to be a busy one for us all.&nbsp; I had fifteen male and female friends coming over including three bisexual female sex slaves owned by my good friend Salvatore, and I wanted the party to go well.&nbsp; The girls had gone about their assigned chores, and the place was spotless.&nbsp; 



On Friday before the weekend party I walked in on Nichole and Cynthia, and they were going sixty nine on each other hot and heavy.&nbsp; I watched for a bit before I spoke, enjoying Cynthia's long tongue lapping deep into&nbsp; Nichole's wet, hairy cunt.



I had swallowed Nichole's orgasm many times and I actually envied Cynthia at this moment.&nbsp; They saw me and stopped suddenly, beautiful Cynthia looking up at me with an embarrassed grin, her face sopping wet with Nichole's snatch cream.



"Well don't let me stop you girls....one thing though, I get to watch and dirty talk you."



The two smiled and continued their juicy tongue work, and I walked around to Nichole's head and she was sucking on Cynthia's thick bulbous clitoris.&nbsp; It was red and swollen and Nichole was sucking it raw as she finger fucked Cynthia.



Cynthia had the most magnificent cunt I had ever seen with an extremely thick and bushy accumulation of red pussy hair.&nbsp; Nichole was beside herself eating snatch and when&nbsp; Cynthia began to shake and jerk, I sat down and watched Nichole eat pussy from a few inches away.



"You fucking nasty whore, you're pretty good at that!", I chuckled."



Just at that time Cynthia screamed and jerked violently squirting a heavy gusher of smelly vaginal juice into Nichole's pretty face.&nbsp; Nichole saw me out of the corner of her eye as she opened her mouth, and a thick, viscous streamer of steaming uterine leavings filled it at once.&nbsp; Nichole was in a frenzy of lust as she looked sideways at me and gulped it all down.&nbsp; She grinned just slightly as she opened again for another mouthful, and Cynthia was screaming and bumping up and down, and continued to shoot her inner cream for another thirty seconds.



When she was finished they both lay there motionless. Nichole's mouth was partly open, and to the side, and a rivulet of thick syrup drooled out and onto the bedcover.



She grinned at me, exhausted, and swallowed the rest of her nasty meal.



"Oh fuck Nichole...fucking hot and nasty...son of&nbsp; a bitch!"



"I don't think my orgasm is that messy is it?," she grinned, wiping her face off.



I kissed her pretty cheek and licked off some of the cunt juice and ate it.



"I like the mess and the stink.....a whole lot Nichole", I groaned.



"In that case you can start eating my farts Sir", she laughed.



I looked at her and grinned, scrunching my lips up in an agreement configuration.



They got up and pulled themselves to the side of the bed and sat there.



Nichole's cunt was draining and she wiped it thoroughly with a towel.&nbsp; Cyntha's magnificent ass bounced as she stood and headed out to take a shower.



"See you later", she said breathlessly.



"Mmmmmm", I whispered to Nichole, "I like Cynthia's cunt juice too,&nbsp; I've got to suck her hairy snatch one day soon."



"Well if you like messy and stinky so much Sir you'll love it, and plenty to swallow there too."



"Sir, your male friends this weekend...are they good looking?," said Nichole as she shoved an edge of the towel deeply into her vagina.





"Oh yeah slave, I fucking think you'll like them".



"Good, I'd really enjoy sucking some strange cock or pussy," she said, still probing her draining cunthole.



"I don't think that'll be a prob slave, there will be plenty of action there."



"Ok", she ejected. "Sounds good to me Sir."



"Dam Nichole that was a good fuck earlier, son of a bitch my balls hurt when I came."



"Well Sir.....that makes me feel good about myself,&nbsp; just like the first time you swallowed my orgasm....that's a special sign of acceptance you know."



"Ok I'll see you later you pretty cocksucker slave!"



She grinned widely at me as I left the room.



----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------



That night when all the lights were out, and everyone was in bed, I sat watching the large screen TV with my wireless earphones on so as not to disturb the ladies.&nbsp; I got up and went into one of the bathrooms and found Christina sitting on the toilet doing her business.&nbsp; In this situation one never knew what to expect, and she and I both were a bit surprised.



"Enjoying a nice dump?", I grinned, standing at one of the urinals.



"Can't shit, maybe I need a laxative," said the cute as a button Chris.



There was a moment's silence and I heard a loud roar of gas and several splashes.&nbsp; There are several powerful exhaust fans in each bathroom and the smell was pulled out immediately.&nbsp; She flushed and sat looking at me with her head resting on her hands.



"I sure would like to suck some cock right now Sir, hint, hint", she sighed, looking at my dick as I shook out the last drops of piss.



"Ummmm slave, what a coincidence, I wouldn't mind a good blowjob right now."



I walked over to her and she just sat there on the stool looking at my cock.&nbsp; I stood with my pecker next to her lips.&nbsp; She looked closely at it and licked my pisshole, capturing a few drops of pee.&nbsp; Then she grabbed it and shoved her perfect lips over it and began to suck hard, as she lapped her tongue under my dickhead.



Five foot two Christina was an inveterate cocksucker, and needed fresh cum on a regular basis.&nbsp; She grabbed my balls and massaged them firmly, and started to jack me off in her mouth.&nbsp; Her hot little oral cavity got my dick hard fast, and ready to spit.



"You fucking little whore, where did you learn to suck cock like that?"



She stopped momentarily and looked up sweetly at me...."Why you Sir....you taught me how to suck cock,&nbsp; you and Nichole."



"Oh yes, I moaned.&nbsp; You fucking learn fast you little shit stick, but you're the one who should be giving lessons."



She quickly had my pecker back in her mouth and looked up and grinned as she&nbsp; sucked with a vengeance,&nbsp; jacking me very rapidly.&nbsp; As she squeezed my nuts in her fingers my head fell back and I jumped slightly, and trembled as I popped my thick load into her wonderful mouth.&nbsp; I pumped forward several times in pleasure and could hear her gulping the salty goo with relish as her soft tongue worked me over.



She swallowed every drop and gently stroked my spent wiener.&nbsp; "Sir, I really would like to kiss you now, thank you for letting me suck your dick!"



I looked down at her in exasperation, and dropped down on one knee.&nbsp; She was smiling slightly and my cum was all around her mouth.&nbsp; I put my lips slowly to hers and we looked at each others eyes as I kissed her.&nbsp; She held my head and kissed me more deeply, sliding her tongue to the back of my throat.&nbsp; I sucked on her long cum soaked tongue, and she pressed her lips painfully into mine.



She finished the kiss and grinned at me.&nbsp; "Sir, your fucking cum is a little bitter, better watch your diet, too much cunt juice can do that to you."



"I'll keep that in mind you worthless little fuck.",&nbsp; I chuckled.&nbsp; "Mind your manners slave."



I grinned and kissed her once more on the cheek and went back into the large entertainment area.&nbsp; 



In a few minutes she came in and got on her knees right in front of me, doggie style, in preparation to sit down.&nbsp; She put a towel under her ass, and as she sat her perfect asscrack opened widely revealing a slight brown stain from her bowel movement.&nbsp; She sat back and grabbed my leg and watched the TV, resting her face upon my knee.



We watched for awhile in relative silence, and I got sleepy and finally went to bed.&nbsp; When I tried to get up she gripped my leg, not wanting me to go.&nbsp; "Got to get to bed Chris," I yawned, "you better get some fucking sleep to you little cunt."



She yawned as I left, and I could hear her a short time later turning off the TV.



It would be a fun weekend, and there would be a lot going on in every way.&nbsp; My dick still dribbled from Christina's blowjob. Dam she liked to suck, and she was a world class fuck too with her perfect little ass, and super tight cunthole.&nbsp; I fell asleep dreaming of petite Chris's cute body and that too tight little pussyhole.



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------



The next morning everyone was chattering and running around in preparation for the big party today.&nbsp; Each of my women wanted to be highly desirable, and to enjoy the festivities to the fullest, and I was very, very pleased to see them so happy.&nbsp; I went into one of the huge bathrooms to take a shower and Susan was occupying one of the shower stalls.&nbsp; She smiled broadly at me, and continued soaping herself, and gently cleansed her vagina, rinsing it out thoroughly with a spray nozzle.



"Hey girl," I grinned as I came in.



"You look just beautiful covered in soap."



"Nothing like a good shower to make you feel good Sir."



Her face became a bit apprehensive, as she looked at me.



"Darn Sir, I'm kind of disappointed though 'cause I'm menstruating and I'll have to wear a pad today.&nbsp; That's ok though, I can suck plenty of cock, and you said there are three new bi females coming with your friends. Should be good pussy to eat."



I smiled gently at her as I shaved with an electric razor.&nbsp; "Slave girl, you look beautiful anytime, and any place.&nbsp; Mother nature just can't be denied you know."



I finished shaving and stepped next to her and took the soapy wash rag out of her hand and gently soaped her hairy, and well endowed pubic area.&nbsp; It was so beautiful and I&nbsp; softly moved it a bit inside her.&nbsp; She held my hand as I did it and kissed me and pushed her wonderful titties against my chest.&nbsp; "You're good at that Sir, you'll have to help me douche out sometime soon, you might have fun with that also."



I twisted my left eye upward at an odd angle, and smiled at her.

"Now that would be interesting girl, let's keep that in mind." 



 "You going to be a good little suck slave today for the guests?", I smiled.



"Cocks and cunts, and all I want."



"Good little slut", I whispered,&nbsp; use that perfume I like so much, ok?"



"Yes Sir", she smiled.



"I've got to take a quick shower now so I can be ready when the helicopter arrives, and that will be in about an hour."



When I'd finished my shower I went to one of my rooms and picked out a casual pair of cutoffs and a Hawaiian shirt.&nbsp; After a short breakfast the PA announced the arrival of our shuttle copter and I quickly made my way out to the heliport pad.



I greeted several of my pretty security guards on the way out, and I was quite impressed with their professionalism and the tight kakai military uniforms they wore.

I fucked some of them on occasion,&nbsp; or received blowjobs when I wanted to, and they were always willing and available.



The loud sound of a large transport helicopter drowned out the conversation I was having with a cute guard, and we watched the huge craft slowly settle onto the large helipad. The wind created was strong, and blew against our faces almost painfully.&nbsp; As the engine was shut down the occupants began to file out, and I greeted several of my business acquaintances cheerfully.



Andrew, one of my best friends, and business partners walked up to me and grabbed my hand.



"Well fuck Harold, how come you're wearing clothes?", he said seriously, as the rest of the gang bumped past him.



I grinned and shook his hand tightly.&nbsp; "A man has to maintain some sense of decorum Andy, and I really don't feel like having my dick whacked with a copter blade."



We laughed and all of us filed in past the guards who stood at attention grinning widely.



We entered the outer part of the main structure and moved inside, down long corridors past countless rooms.&nbsp; Finally we came to the large central entertainment area, and my ladies were there waiting, in knockout evening gowns, and presented a spectacle worthy of a White House reception.



I was so fucking proud of my slaves that I couldn't contain my beaming pride.&nbsp; They were truly the equal of any female movie stars I had ever seen. 



No other women in the world, I was sure,&nbsp; could surpass them for beauty and elegance, and that was the simple truth. 



"Gentlemen, ladies, please say hi to my most prized possessions, and magnificently beautiful concubines, my wonderful sex slaves."



"First the lovely Nichole, the gorgeous Millissa, the sweet and pretty Susan, breathtaking Olivia, a most elegant slave with an IQ of 175, Christina, Chrissie is very special to me, and the wonderful Cynthia, who possesses the hairiest, and most awesome cunt I've ever seen."



Cynthia scrunched up her pretty face and brushed her beautiful red hair back in pretended resentment.



Everyone laughed and began to socialize, and I was so proud of my girls as they mingled with my important guests.&nbsp; There were several industrial big shots here, none of them over the age of fifty, and we had all been involved in lucrative business transactions at one time or another over the years.



The three bi females who had arrived on the helicopter belonged to Salvatore, a department store magnate, and he introduced me to them before they met everyone else.



"Harold, I would like you to meet my three slaves, Karen, Bonnie, and Sandy."



I shook hands with them all, and they were truly magnificent.&nbsp; They were elegant and extremely pretty, and just exuded sexuality.



"I am so happy to meet you", I gushed, and I kissed their hands and smiled at each of them.&nbsp; I couldn't believe the perfection of their bodies, truly some of the best ass I'd ever seen, and my dick began to get hard right there.&nbsp; It pressed against my Bermudas and we all looked down with a knowing smile.



"Oh fuck," I said, awkwardly, "can't have that yet can we?"&nbsp; 



Salvatore laughed out loud and rubbed his fingers into the butt crack of his nearest slave. "Well fuck Harold,&nbsp; this happens every dam time, ain't you got no control?"



The ladies seemed to take great pleasure from my bulging shorts and I smiled, and excused myself to return to the main crowd inside.&nbsp; One of them in particular, Karen, a stunning dark haired beauty seemed quite interested, and looked at me with an understanding smile.&nbsp; She was a smart one, I noted to myself, and one hell of a woman too, and I couldn't wait to become more acquainted with her. I can usually tell a woman of substance, and the word slave could never apply to this woman, except as she allowed it.&nbsp; A defiant slave,&nbsp; hmmmm.....I liked her.



I couldn't help wondering what she looked like fully nude, or more to the point, how she sucked cock. I knew I would soon find out.&nbsp; 



Salvatore had the most amazing taste in women that I knew of, and these beauties were exceptional even for him.



---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------



I walked back inside, and into the group, and conversed with several of my friends, discussing business ventures, new ideas, etc.&nbsp; As I sat talking over yearly gains with Andy, he brought a whole new topic of financial possibility into per view, and told me of the amazing profits that will be possible when the vast US shale oil deposits are ultimately utilized. 



Evidently, over a trillion barrels of oil are contained in vast oil fields in the plains of the United States, in the form of shale oil, which requires special removal technology.&nbsp; The US is now desperately trying to develop and build extraction plants and the wherewithal to obtain the desperately needed oil since it has now become cost effective.&nbsp; I was fascinated, and we vowed to talk again soon to discuss the breathtaking possibilities for profit.



Nichole came over, holding a glass of punch in her hand, and kneeled before us.

We always abstained from alcohol usage or drugs during these sex parties, and this proved to be very wise, as we had learned from past experience.



"Are you having a good time slave?", I smiled, smoothing her silky hair over with my hand.



"I'm having a fabulous time Sir, and if I'm not mistaken your party should take on a different tone before long."



I grinned down at her and continued to stroke her hair.&nbsp; "I believe you're right Nichole, and it won't be long."



"Andy this is one of my favorite slaves, and my confidant, Nichole.&nbsp; There are not many like her, you may be assured."



Andy took her free hand and kissed it gently, looking into Nichole's wonderful eyes.

"I am greatly honored to meet you Nichole", he said gently, "you are truly a beautiful woman."



Nichole smiled and looked up at him and squeezed his hand.&nbsp; "I am a slave Sir, but I would be overjoyed to please you in any way that you can imagine."&nbsp; She glanced at me and saw my full approval.&nbsp; 



"Nichole is a very sweet fuck and a real good cocksucker Andy, please enjoy her to the fullest."&nbsp; I gently rubbed the back of Nichole's neck under her hair.&nbsp; "Nichole, I want you to be a very nasty girl to Andy, and make his deepest desires come true. Do you understand me?"



She took her free hand and put it on Andy's crouch,&nbsp; and gently massaged his genitals. I got up quickly, smiled, and excused myself as Andy sat there mesmerized.



I moved toward the center of the room and small groups of conversation had formed, and everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves greatly.



I yelled for everyone to hear, and the room suddenly became reasonably quiet in anticipation of what I was going to say.



"Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to my home, and I sincerely hope you will enjoy yourselves to the fullest while you are here.&nbsp; I will now start the festivities, and we will begin by each of us removing every single article of clothing, and giving it to my slaves so that they may store the clothing in a safe, and hidden place.&nbsp; You will not need your clothes for awhile, I assure you."



With that everyone stripped off and my ladies quickly collected everyone's trappings, and put them in a large, secure storage safe.



Then my beautiful slaves stripped off and the men were positively stunned as they displayed their incredible bodies.



I picked that moment to do one of the dumbest things ever in my life, I wanted to vent my anger at Millissa for what had appeared to be a property indiscretion on her part earlier in the day.&nbsp; I had seen her today in her room with Nichole's favorite diamond necklace and assumed she had taken it without permission.&nbsp; I called out to Millissa, who was slowly modeling her wonderful body in anticipation of the orgy to come.&nbsp;&nbsp; 



"Millissa!",&nbsp; I yelled for everyone to hear, "Come here please!"&nbsp; I stood beside an empty couch and sat down, looking sternly at my gorgeous Millissa.&nbsp; She saw my frown and quickly changed her expression, knowing that something unpleasant was coming.&nbsp; Everyone gathered around us and poor Millissa stood there trembling from uncertainty and dread.



"Millissa, it appears that you are a thief.&nbsp; I saw you with Nichole's favorite diamond necklace today in your room."



I think I was doing this stupid thing primarily for the entertainment and sexual arousal of my guests, and at the expense of one of my beautiful slaves.



An awful look of embarrassment and shame came over her face, and she looked furtively around the crowd.&nbsp; She was mortified, and shifted back and forth as she held her hand over her thick, blond pubic hair.



"Tell me the truth or I will withhold your monthly allowance, I assure you."



The room fell to dead silence, and all of my male friends stood with awkward expressions on their faces, but also I could detect a trace of lustful anticipation in their manner while viewing the hapless and breathtaking Millissa.



"Sir I....."&nbsp;&nbsp; She began to sob, and looked in deep humiliation at everyone around her, and put her hand to her eyes rubbing tears away.&nbsp; "Sir.....I....yes I did look at Nichole's necklace for awhile in my room but I asked her first and she said it was ok."



She was silently crying now, but I could feel no sorrow for a deliberately disobedient act.



Nichole spoke up immediately, breaking into my conversation.&nbsp; 



"It's true Sir, she did ask to look at it, and I said it was ok."



For some stupid dam reason I believed Nichole to be covering for the disobedient Millissa, and continued my questioning, becoming more angry by the moment.



"Don't we have a strict policy against theft, or using someone else's property without their permission here in our special group?"



"Yes Sir....please believe me Sir, I didn't steal it!"



"Millissa, you have disappointed me and I don't like it at all.&nbsp; You've disobeyed one of our primary rules haven't you?"



She was crying fully now, and sobbed and snorted, her nose running profusely.



"No Sir and it really hurts that you don't believe me."



"Get your fucking ass over here and lay over my lap, and I mean now!"



She cried woefully as she moved over to me and lay down obediently, placing her ass over my lap.&nbsp; I raised my hand high and slapped her asscheeks as hard as I could and a screech of pain tore from her lips, and she quivered helplessly on my knees.



I slapped her ass harder the next time and delivered a number of seriously hard whacks,&nbsp; so that her perfect little rear became immediately inflamed and she screamed and shook in pain.&nbsp; She was yelling and crying piteously as the stunned crowd moved in closer to her debasement, and suddenly I stopped and rubbed her wonderful asscheeks to soothe them.



"Are you going to be a good slave from now on," I whispered, and remember that we don't tolerate such things around here."



"I'm sorry Sir, you're wrong....I wouldn't do anything to betray your trust or the girls."



I was still fuming and stood up angrily.



"Follow me", I commanded, and when she was on her wobbly feet, I walked into the nearest bathroom.&nbsp; She, and the crowd were close behind, and I stopped at one of the urinals, one that had been used extensively in the past hour.&nbsp; There was a pool of piss in it since no one had bothered to flush it, and she looked at it and me, and hung her head.&nbsp; Her beautiful long blond hair hung around her face matted with her tears.



"Get on your knees you fucking thief", I said, looking sternly at her.



Nichole grabbed my arm and cried plaintively..."Oh no Sir, she's innocent, please believe us!"



Millissa dropped down at once in front of the urinal, and knew what was coming.&nbsp; The crowd had come into the large bathroom, and was standing silently around us.&nbsp; 



"Put your head in the urinal and drink all of the piss out of it and clean the inside thoroughly!"



She began to cry again, and then slowly lowered her pretty face down into the acrid sewage.



Nichole stood sobbing, her hands over her face.



Millissa cried loudly and began to lick the bottom of the urinal and suck in the piss and swallow it.&nbsp; She gagged and cried, but continued her work, and soon had eaten most of the foul liquid out of the bottom of the ceramic bowl.



She then licked out the entire inner surface of the urinal, sobbing all the time.&nbsp; 



"Alright, that's good, now let us see your face."



She slowly raised up and knelt there, her face a stinking mess, covered with piss, and whatever else was in there, and looked in absolute and utter shame at the staring crowd.&nbsp; Her pretty hair was matted with urine, and it dripped from her chin as she cried.



At that moment, I could not believe what I had done, and dropped to my knees in front of her.&nbsp; A powerful remorse poured over me, and I felt a deep revulsion for this.&nbsp; I went blank for a moment, and realized something important had cut me deeply&nbsp; inside, and it hurt so much. I began to sob and ran my hand over her wretched hair.



I looked into her shattered eyes, and felt the complete collapse of her spirit. 



I moved my face closer to hers and spoke softly with tears in my eyes.&nbsp;&nbsp; "Millissa......I'm so sorry....oh God I am so sorry.&nbsp; I hope you will be able to forgive me for this."&nbsp; I moved my face to hers and looked into her sorrowed eyes and kissed her lips.



She was shocked at this, and didn't know what to do but finally began to kiss me back as she looked plaintively into my eyes.&nbsp; I slid my tongue all the way into her mouth and we french kissed each other.&nbsp; The smell and taste was atrocious but I was so ashamed of what I had done I couldn't help myself.&nbsp; She seemed to return to the living, and I vowed I would never do anything like this again to any of my ladies.&nbsp; It seemed, after all, that I did love them much more than I ever realized.



Suddenly everyone began to clap loudly, and there were a few tears in the group as they all stood there emotionally drained.



I got up and turned on a shower, and herded everyone out and closed the door and left Millissa to herself.



I saw to it that she was not bothered for the rest of the night.



----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------



Within fifteen minutes the whole large entertainment area was filled with fucking, sucking people, and I walked nude through the crowd searching for that one special lady I had met when the guests first arrived.&nbsp; I could see her nowhere, and was almost ready to settle for some other sexual diversion when I saw her coming out of one of the bathrooms.



The men were busy servicing any woman who needed attention, and vice versa, and I had no doubt that they would all be completely drained by the time the party was over.&nbsp; Some of my business acquaintances were using my beautiful slave ladies, and I saw Susan on her knees just gulping a thick load of semen delivered to her by one of my male guests, and she looked up grinning at me as she swallowed.&nbsp; She was wearing a sanitary napkin, and I thought that she had never looked more beautiful since I had first seen her.



At a more convenient time of the month I vowed to make love to her, and enjoy her magnificent womanhood.



I quickly walked over to the stunning woman who had so impressed me, and she smiled seductively at me, and my hard dick.&nbsp; Her cunt was dark, and furry, and moist, and her tits large and perfect.&nbsp; She was a real knockout.



"Well, do you want me to suck your cock or not Sir, I'd really like to do that if you don't mind.&nbsp; You see I've learned how to address you while I'm your guest."



She had a really nice smile and I have a theory that a smile is the window to the soul.&nbsp; I knew then that she was a good person.



I grinned slyly...."You look like a talented cocksucker slave, and one of the most beautiful women I've ever seen....Now, how about eating my paste?"



"Sit your ass down Sir, I'm really hungry, and I haven't been fed yet today."



We plopped down next to two other couples on the nearest large couch, and I found myself sitting next to Cynthia and one of the visiting bi slave women.&nbsp; She was french kissing her partner passionately, lapping her long tongue deeply into the woman's mouth.&nbsp; I turned to look at her, and she stared at me for a second and averted her eyes. 



She was obviously angry, and made no bones about showing that to me. This saddened me greatly. 



My dream lady got down beside her and I spread my legs apart, letting my super hard dick bounce up and down.&nbsp; Karen&nbsp; quickly moved down and plopped one of my balls into her mouth, and began to suck on it voraciously.&nbsp; It was the strangest feeling, her sucking one nut, and the other bouncing against her cheek.&nbsp; She deftly moved to the other ball and sucked it firmly, and I winced a bit from her firm bite on my swollen cahone.



She looked at me lustfully and pushed upward on my legs so that my ass was open for her.&nbsp; She looked at me the whole time and smelled my open buttcrack, and rubbed her nose in it and began to lick it with her very long tongue.&nbsp; I was going bananas now as she slid her tongue all the way up my asshole and fucked it in and out.&nbsp; 



When she'd thoroughly cleaned my asshole out she flipped my dripping pecker back and forth, and began to lick it from one end to the other.&nbsp; Precum dripped over her mouth and she slurped it down, and continued lapping.&nbsp; She then slid her lips over my cockhead and shoved downward, looking at me all the time.&nbsp; My prick slid easily into her gullet, and she began moving up and down rapidly as her throat muscles massaged my large penis.&nbsp; 



It didn't take long for me to get my nuts off, and I looked down at her with glazed eyes and made a strange sound as I jerked violently.&nbsp; A thick gusher of warm cum splattered into her mouth and down her throat, and she gulped it quickly as her eyes widened in pleasure.&nbsp; "Mmmmm......mmmmm!", she grunted, as another dollop of snot blew past her tonsils.&nbsp; I jerked four or five times, and she gulped each time making that strange moaning sound.



I had never seen a woman enjoy a sperm meal so thoroughly.&nbsp; Her large, wonderful tits rubbed against my leg, and she held there as my dick drained out the last of my seed.



Finally my cock slipped from her mouth in a thick streamer of slime, and she licked her lips and swallowed once more to get the last of it down.



"Oh shame on me!", she purred, "I shouldn't be nasty like that should I?"



I looked at her, unable to move.&nbsp; "Madam, if you weren't so nasty it would be my complete loss."



She smiled and moved up to kiss me.&nbsp; We french kissed passionately, and her kiss was earthy and all consuming.&nbsp; What a woman!, I thought to myself.&nbsp; Would it be possible for me to buy her from Salvatore some day.&nbsp; No....no way.&nbsp; At any rate the thought crept to the back of my mind and settled in somewhere for storage.&nbsp; How could she ever be an obedient slave, she was far too willful.&nbsp; I'll bet my wonderful new friend could fuck though!&nbsp; Her cunt was possibly hairier than Cynthia's, looking at them side by side now....and that was saying something!



I looked at her longingly, and smoothed her hair over with my hand.



"Are you a nice person?", I asked, seriously.



She looked at me in puzzlement.



"Now that's a strange question, did my blowjob make you think I wasn't a nice person?"



She smiled brightly, and looked at me.



"I'm nicer than you can imagine, once you get to know me", she whispered.



"I like dogs and cats, and I feel too dam sorry for people most of the time....and I'm a dam sucker for a sob story.&nbsp; Anything else?"



She was rubbing my genitals very gently and smiling unguardedly at me.



"Are you a good slave?"



"Well you're just full of questions aren't you?&nbsp; I think you know that I'm nice, and that I'm a good slave.&nbsp; Why, are you thinking of buying me?"



I grinned widely...."Well my dear, I don't think Salvatore would part with you."



"Beautiful girls are a dime a dozen for Salvatore.&nbsp; If I talked to him, and simply asked, he probably would, since you're a close friend."



"Ok, talk to him, then let me know what he says."



I moved down and looked into her eyes and kissed her softly.&nbsp; She was quite beautiful, and she was nice, and she would be easy to fall in love with.&nbsp; I thought to myself,&nbsp; 'Oh no, as if I didn't have enough to deal with already.'&nbsp;&nbsp; She kissed me gently and looked at me again.&nbsp; 



"Your slaves are in love with you, did you know that?"



I looked down in shame.&nbsp; "Dam me, you would have to say that!"



"I'd be glad to join you guys here, I just love your ladies.&nbsp; How in the hell did you ever find such a wonderful group?"



"God was smiling that day", I whispered.



She got up and went over to Salvatore on the other side of the room as she looked back at me , and kissed him,&nbsp; and gave him a big hug.



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------



The party continued on for another few hours until there were limp bodies lying around the inner area.&nbsp; The bathrooms were trashed, the entertainment area was a mess, the slaves would have much work to do the next few days, but I would not let them do a thing tonight.&nbsp; 



Finally my friends and their women&nbsp; were ready to call it a night, and they were escorted to their luxury apartments in the back of the complex by a security guard.&nbsp; She looked at the mess and grinned at me in amazement.&nbsp; I thanked her and gave her a quick kiss.&nbsp; She smiled and took the group to their rooms.



My ladies were exhausted and had gone to bed already.&nbsp; I went to Millissa's room and since there was a light still on I knocked on the side of the door.&nbsp; We never closed doors here but we tried to maintain some respect for each other's areas.&nbsp; Millissa was lying down in her bed, but was not asleep.



"Yes," she said.&nbsp;&nbsp; "Millissa."&nbsp; "Oh yes Sir."&nbsp;&nbsp; "May I come in?"&nbsp;&nbsp; "Of course Sir."



She lay there naked, completely cleaned and perfumed from her ordeal earlier.



I don't think I had ever felt worse about anything in my life, and I was sobbing already.



"My sweet slave I'm so sorry for this afternoon, please forgive me"



"I should have believed you and Nichole, I was so stupid. so dam stupid!"



She smiled at me and I came over and sat beside her on the bed.&nbsp; She could tell, apparently, my sorrow, and she reached over and took my cock in her hand and massaged it gently.



"It's ok Sir....I probably deserved it for something else, I understand, believe me, it's ok."



I let her stroke me and my cock was actually becoming hard again.&nbsp; My voice was unsteady and I could barely speak as I looked down at her.&nbsp; "I....I love you, you little shit, and I probably have since you first came here."&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 



"Don't worry Sir, I understand how it is, and Sir.....I love you too."



"My world is so different now than before in my life,&nbsp; and I'm just discovering things about domination, and myself, that are, well, quite hard to understand and accept."



She pulled me down to her and ran her fingers through my hair.&nbsp; "Please Sir, please kiss me."&nbsp; I smiled and bent over and put my lips close to her beautiful mouth, and touched it softly.&nbsp; We looked in each others eyes as we came together, and we kissed passionately and lovingly.&nbsp; I had never anticipated this kind of thing, and it was eating me alive.&nbsp; My heart melted as I smelled her delicate perfume, and soon she pulled her legs back and I climbed onto her, and she wrapped them tightly around me.



She reached under and gripped my penis and guided it into her moist vagina, and it slid into her very tight opening easily.&nbsp;&nbsp; We continued our kiss as I began to fuck her, and her pussy became slick with her inner fluids.&nbsp; Her strong smell was wonderful and I quickened my pace as I gazed into her beautiful eyes.



She was moaning with each thrust, and kissed my eyes and cheeks, and as I ejaculated in her, she kissed my lips all over and thrust upward, driving my semen deep inside her.



I lay kissing her, and was at a loss at this incredible development.&nbsp; In an impossible turn of events, I was actually falling in love with my beautiful slaves, but how could this be?



I lay there looking at her, and she rubbed her hand softly over my face.&nbsp; 



"Millissa.....I think...I think I'm falling in love with all of you, and I just don't know how to handle this.



I don't think I'll ever get over the guilt I feel now."



She smiled and kissed me on the cheek again, and smoothed my hair.&nbsp; "There's always something unexpected isn't there Sir.&nbsp; It will work out, just go on like you have, and I and the girls will understand.&nbsp; When you love somebody you just don't&nbsp; care about some things."



I looked deeply into her eyes a tear began to run down my cheek.&nbsp; I quickly got up and wiped it off and smiled at her.&nbsp; "You're very special to me girl, I don't even know if I can use foul language with you anymore."



"You've got to Sir....just trust us to know what you are saying.&nbsp; I want you to call me a cunt and cocksucker because that's our thing here, and I like it, ok?&nbsp; We know what's in your heart, believe me.&nbsp; And I like to suck dick and be degraded, ok?&nbsp; Just remember I love you."



"Millissa, tomorrow morning I must suffer my punishment for this, it's the rule."



"I don't want us to do that,&nbsp; but if you want it we will."



"A hard spanking by all of you, and eating out of a urinal."



"Oh no Sir, we won't make you do that."



"No sweetheart, I'll make me do it."



She sighed and looked sympathetically at me.



"See you tomorrow."



"Goodnight Sir."



When I got to my room I cried for a long&nbsp; time, sobbing uncontrollably.



-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------



For the first time in my life I realized that something incredibly important had been missing.&nbsp; I considered myself to be strong and courageous and untouchable, and I could see that as an elaborate lie I had told myself.`



I would find a way to continue this world of ours with the same sexual quality, but I would also find a way to give genuine love and respect to each of my ladies at the same time. It seemed I was in love with at least three of them now, and probably all of them.&nbsp; How could this have happened? I just didn't understand.&nbsp; I had never experienced anything like it before.



I fell asleep and left these imponderables for tomorrow.&nbsp; I would feel much better after my punishment, whatever the discomfort.



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------





I didn't sleep well that night and when I arose the girls were all up and in the entertainment area.&nbsp; "Hi everybody," I said, trying to be upbeat.



My ladies sat there on the couches and smiled at me, and I loved them all the more for it.&nbsp; "Good morning Sir, " they all said, as I sat down with them.&nbsp; 



"Girls, I'm glad you're all here because I want to say something to you."



"I did a terrible thing to Millissa yesterday during the party, and I want to apologize to you all."



They sat there without saying a word, and frankly I was glad.



Most of them had sympathetic looks on their faces except for Cynthia and Olivia, and I didn't blame them at all.



"I'm so sorry and I hope you can forgive me as time goes by.&nbsp; I went way out of bounds even when Nichole assured me that Millissa was completely innocent.&nbsp; I shouldn't have done that even if she were guilty.&nbsp; I guess part of it was trying to impress my friends with entertainment.&nbsp; I've done a bad thing and I'm very, very sorry!'



I looked at them in shame and they brightened and began to give me moral support, and moved closer to me.



The willful Cynthia spoke up and had her say.



"Sir, we understand how it is here, and that's the way we all want it,&nbsp; but it just made us very sad what you did to Millissa because, well......"



She looked around to the other women.



"We're all in love with you.&nbsp; I guess you just haven't seen it because, well, maybe you've never considered that possibility.&nbsp; I'm in love with you and so are the other girls."



They all spoke up at that moment, smiling and reassuring me that what Cynthia said was true.&nbsp; My eyes watered again, and it disturbed me, and didn't seem to be what a man should do.



"I'm in love with you all too, I smiled, trying to maintain my equilibrium.&nbsp;&nbsp; And I just discovered it yesterday."



When I had calmed myself, I spoke again.



"I have to be punished my sweet ladies, it's one of the rules. I want you to spank me the same way I did Millissa, but with interest."



They looked sympathetically at me, and then looked at each other.&nbsp; Olivia spoke for them.



"You're right Sir, you have to be punished.&nbsp; Millissa, why don't you sit in the same spot where you were spanked and let Sir lay over your knees."



I knew this was going to be humiliating but I deserved it, and was fully compliant.



I moved over to my beautiful Millissa and looked at her sweet face, and she smiled in sympathy.&nbsp; I lay down over her lap, and the girls all moved in to participate.



Cynthia and Olivia were right next to us on either side, and inched in close to Millissa.



"Are you ready to begin Sir," said Cynthia,&nbsp; rubbing her hand over the lower portion on my buttocks.



"Yes and I want the full treatment,and I want all of you to hit me hard, and make it difficult for me to sit down for a day or two.....ok?"



I dreaded this, actually, having your ass smacked very hard a lot of times was very painful.



There was a pause and Cynthia slapped down as hard as possible on my lower area.&nbsp; I jumped involuntarily, and gritted my teeth.&nbsp; She whacked me very hard again, and Olivia delivered a severe blow that made me yelp and writhe in pain.&nbsp; They both started in, hitting me as hard as possible, time after time.&nbsp; 



My ass was on fire and I bared myself and tried not to move from their vicious whipping.&nbsp; Through clinched teeth I spoke to Millissa, having difficulty talking from the pain.



"Millissa, sweetheart you must do it too and very hard."



There was a pause as Olivia and Cynthia took a short break, and Millissa slapped my already raw ass with a vengeance.&nbsp; I jerked and yelled from the pain, and she laid down several more very hard smacks.&nbsp; She was letting me have it in anger and I didn't blame her a bit.&nbsp; She whacked me extremely hard, and I yelled out loud as I&nbsp; quivered uncontrollably on her lap.&nbsp; I screamed at the other ladies, begging them to all take part, and do it hard.&nbsp; I knew this was necessary for the healing process for myself, and for them.



Beautiful Nichole, Susan, and Chrissie kneeled in front of Millissa, and slapped me hard on my asscheeks, which were now becoming bruised from the severe pounding.&nbsp; I yelled&nbsp; loudly as the three added their share of the punishment, and through the agony I actually felt better inside, and I was pleased with my slaves.



When they finally stopped I lay there shaking uncontrollably, and they began to rub my ass gently, all of them, and were kissing my ass with affection, and regret for having hurt me.



I slowly pulled myself up, in pain, and looked at Millissa who was sobbing and I kneeled and kissed her feet.&nbsp; I looked up at her watering eyes.



"It's ok sweetheart, it's ok....it's what I wanted."



Then I stood up awkwardly and looked at them. 



"It's not over", I said, and walked toward one of the bathrooms that had urinals.



They followed me into the bathroom and all gathered around.&nbsp; None of them were smiling.



Chrissie shut and locked the door to insure privacy.



"Sir," said Nichole, "please, you don't have to do this, none of us want it do we girls."



They all spoke in agreement and pleaded with me not to go ahead with it.



I knew it had to be done, and I dropped down on my knees in front of a urinal that was full of stale leavings.&nbsp; I looked at them and shoved my head down into the rancid mess and pushed my mouth into it.&nbsp; I nearly vomited, but blanked my mind and focused totally, and slurped up a mouthful of the stinking piss.&nbsp; My tears welled up as I thought of my sweet Millissa having to do this and I increased my efforts, and began to drink in the disgusting urine. 



When I had swallowed it all,&nbsp; I licked all around inside the bowl and cleaned it well.



My girls were crying now, and when I pulled my head out, covered with an unspeakable mess, they gathered around me and knelt down, and began to kiss me on the lips.&nbsp; Millissa kissed me tenderly and frenched her tongue into my mouth, and everyone of them did the same thing.&nbsp; We were all crying now and I just couldn't comprehend how I could have done such a thing in front of my slaves, or how I and my slaves could wind up like this, but I knew it was fair and just. We were a strange group indeed.



We got up and hugged each other, a group of crying fools reeking of urine, and we turned on the showers and thoroughly cleaned ourselves. We all crammed into one of the huge shower stalls, and scrubbed each other, laughing,&nbsp; and kissed each other over and over.



I held pretty Nichole and kissed her deeply, as she gently rubbed my dick and balls.



When we had finished we all dried off and went into the entertainment area.



----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------



As we sat in the lounge space Karen, my new interest, came in and sat down.&nbsp; I was surprised, since at the same time I could hear the huge helicopter begin to rise off the pad.&nbsp; I had wanted to see my friends off but I imagined they left early for one reason or another, and in a way I was glad, since I didn't want to leave my ladies.



She sat and moved next to me and smiled, and her big eyes sparkled with happiness.



I spoke up, introducing her to my group.



"Slaves, this is Karen", and I kissed her on the lips as I said this.



Karen spoke to me and to all of us.....she looked closely at me...."Salvatore has given me to you free of charge.&nbsp; He said I was a well deserved gift."



I smiled broadly and hugged her, and kissed her passionately.



"That makes me very, very happy", I said.



"I must return a favor to him one day."



I stood to address the group.&nbsp;&nbsp; "Girls, this is Karen, as I said, and she will be joining our group as a full partner and slave."



My beauties gathered around her and began to kiss her.&nbsp; Karen was very happy, and my girls clung to us both as we hugged.



"Karen, my slaves and I have just completed a kind of catharsis, sort of a private one, and we feel much better about it don't we slaves?"



They all laughed and agreed as they chattered with Karen.



Nichole and Millissa sat on either side of me for a bit of a private chat.



Nichole looked at me seriously.&nbsp; "Sir, Missy and I wanted to tell you something important.&nbsp; We don't want you to change your discipline requirements or stop the spankings or punishments because of this."



Millissa, or Missy,&nbsp; spoke also.&nbsp; "Sir, you've got to continue your control over us and use nasty language and the whole thing, because, we require that from you as our master, Ok?"



 "Actually", she said, as she looked back at the rest of the group, "we can't get by without it."&nbsp; She looked at me and smiled sweetly.



I paused for a moment.&nbsp;&nbsp; "Girls, I have a feeling that everything is going to work out just the way we all want it to." 



I kissed Millissa deeply, and then Nichole, and they kissed each other, and we went back and forth frenching each other's mouths lovingly.&nbsp; It was one of the most erotic and caring moments I'd ever experienced.



I finally got up and limped around a bit, holding my ass, and my slaves laughed as I winced in pain, and Karen gave us all a puzzled look.



"Girls....I have a suggestion.....ROAD TRIP!"



They went wild and cheered at the prospect.&nbsp; Our impromptu road trips were quite unnerving to the security ladies, but they always managed to put everything together in a timely manner.&nbsp; 



"Let's go shopping slaves, we need to buy some new duds for Karen, our newest slave."



Karen cheered, as they all did, and within an hour we were piling into a limousine for a day of pure fun.&nbsp; God I was happy!,&nbsp; and I suspected that the girls were too.





























&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; This story is intended as sexual entertainment for adults only



MBBSS2





When we returned from our shopping excursion we were tired but happy.&nbsp; Karen had bought a major assortment of wonderful clothing and jewelry, and she was delirious with the joy of her newfound home.&nbsp; She just seemed to fit in perfectly, and she and my ladies were kissing&nbsp; each other constantly, and laughing together as though they had known each other for a lifetime.



My beautiful girls were also kissing me and hugging me endlessly, and I was frankly at a loss as to the proper behavior of a slave master at times.&nbsp; This had never happened before.&nbsp; To tell you the truth, I still felt firmly in charge, but my love for them became a bit of a problem when it came to my dominance over them.&nbsp; I knew however, that it would work out to a good situation, given time.



I treasured the deep intimacy that I shared with these gorgeous slaves, and their love brought me a joy that I had never experienced before. They had never tried to take advantage of me, or my great wealth and power, and I couldn't understand this.&nbsp; There was no doubt in my mind that this was just the beginning, and that time would bring many good things to us.



We headed back to the entertainment area, and security guards helped carry boxes to each of the girl's rooms.&nbsp; Everyone had at least five bedrooms, and there was plenty of closet space for storage.&nbsp; Karen spent the next few hours unwrapping and hanging her expensive and fashionable dresses.&nbsp; She had chosen a number of pieces of diamond jewelry, and other items at her whim.



I was happy for her, and she kissed me repeatedly, while we were out, massaging my crouch.&nbsp; I had such a hardon during our excursion that I had to wait a few times before we could enter some of the stores we visited.



The girls stripped off in their rooms and a nude Olivia came into the entertainment area, and sat down and turned on one of the big screen TV's.&nbsp; I went to my room and stripped and came into the lounge also, and sat beside her.&nbsp; The other ladies were busy doing other things and Livy and I sat there watching TV.



"Wow what a time today" she said, "I always have a fucking blast when we go out on a road trip!", she said, smiling at me. 



"I love it too", I said, looking into her beautiful eyes,and "I love being with my slaves."



I moved next to her and put my head down and began sucking on her pretty titties. I sucked on her large nipples, as I massaged her breasts, and she breathed in suddenly, and rubbed my hair gently with her hand.&nbsp; I could smell her female odor, and got down on my knees in front of her and spread her legs gently apart.



The couches were always covered with large, clean towels to absorb any leakage, and we could do whatever we wanted at any time and not have to worry about the mess.



Olivia was highly intelligent and this was a major turn on for me, but she was also very hot sexually, and her fulsome and fragrant cunt was extraordinary. She knew exactly what I liked, and gave it to me in full measure when I wanted it.



 "I'd like for you to do your daily masturbation now Olivia", I breathed.



"Oh yes Sir", she whispered, "would you eat me please while I do it?"



She smiled at me knowingly, and prepared to give me what I craved.



I was feeling very horny, and stared at her hairy pussy, and then to her, and she spread her legs further apart, and raised her knees so that her incredible bush was fully open.&nbsp; Her parted slit was wet and this made me even hotter. Her deep asshole was moist&nbsp; from the juices she produced so heavily, and puckered in and out, revealing the darkness inside.



She licked her pretty lips and began to rub herself, running her finger over her well developed clitoris.&nbsp; She slid her fingers inside her messy vagina, and began to massage&nbsp; her mass of wet pubic hair as she looked down at me.



"How can you stand that smell Sir", she chortled, "I'm pretty stinky down there."



I looked up at her and licked my lips, breathing heavily.&nbsp; "Dam it you genius slave, you probably know more about what turns a man on than anyone here.&nbsp; You're going to think I'm disgusting but,&nbsp; I like the stink."



She smiled and groaned just a bit, and pulled my head into her steaming hairpie.



"I understand Sir,&nbsp; I understand."



She forced me into her sticky hole, and looked at me knowingly as she rubbed her pungent cunt all over my face.&nbsp; I looked up at her through the mess and my eyes were glazed over in pleasure.



"That's it, eat it Sir", eat my fucking pussy!"



"You're a cuntlicker aren't you Sir?,&nbsp; get your tongue moving and Olivia is going to feed you something very satisfying.&nbsp; Yes you like that don't you?"



She held my head and forced her sopping bush all over my face, and her thick juice ran down my chin and I licked around my lips and ate it.



I lapped my tongue deep inside her and the odor increased&nbsp; noticeably as I reached her inner recesses.&nbsp; She began to masturbate her clit very rapidly, looking down in lust at my face.&nbsp; As I swallowed more and more of her vaginal secretions she worked her fingers more rapidly, and was approaching her orgasm.



She held my head tightly and grunted in pleasure.



"Open your mouth Sir", here's what you want."



Her cunt gushed a thick streamer of odorous inner juices into my mouth, and all over my face, and I looked up at her in a spasm of pleasure as I gulped it down.&nbsp; She twisted her face in satisfaction as she forced more of her intimate liquid down my gullet, and this increased my enjoyment even more.&nbsp; I was gasping in extreme pleasure, and panting heavily from my exertion.&nbsp; 



She watched me swallow until her flow stopped, and gently smoothed my hair over with her soft hands.&nbsp; I was exhausted, and lay there with my head against her hairy hole.



"Did I give you what you wanted Sir?" she whispered softy, as her gentle hand rubbed my neck.&nbsp; I smiled in contentment, having experienced a sexual release that I couldn't believe.&nbsp; She bent down and pulled my head up and kissed me softly, and frenched into my mouth and sucked on my tongue.&nbsp; We kissed as we looked into each others eyes, and her understanding and tenderness were amazing. 



"Did you know that I love you Sir?", she whispered, "and I want to make you happy."



I got up and sat down beside her and hugged her.&nbsp; " I love you too Olivia, I love you very much.



She used a towel to dry her vagina, and then got up and headed for the bathroom.



"I need a shower Sir", she grinned, "thank you for eating my cunt."



Chrissy came in about that time and sat down where Olivia had been and put her legs up and next to her, and held them with her arms.&nbsp; Her cute pussy was opened wide, and I looked down at it in pleasure.



"Did I hear somebody say, "thank you for eating my cunt Sir?", she grinned.



"Well, I suppose so Chris but if you need service right now you're going to have to wait until later.&nbsp; I'm a fucking mess."



"Yes I see Sir, you look like you stuck your head in a large bowl of honey."



"Dam it, it's not that bad.&nbsp; Anyway I've got to shit and shower right now you little turd. 

As I started to leave I stopped, and looked back.&nbsp; "Hey, maybe we can all watch a good movie in the theater tomorrow."



"Sounds like fun", she said, and grabbed the remote control as I got up and left.



---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------



I went into the bathroom and Nichole was doing her business on the stool. Olivia had chosen one of the other bathrooms and Nichole and I were all alone.&nbsp; Nichole was reading a magazine and looked up and smiled when I came in.&nbsp; "Hello Sir, nature calls."



"Hello my darling slave, mind if I join you?"



I grinned and walked over and sat on the stool next to her.&nbsp; She looked at me pleasantly and put her magazine down.&nbsp; Well I'm glad you joined me Sir, it's a little boring in here alone.&nbsp; You got a big problem or small one?"



"Somewhere in between, I expect.&nbsp; She evacuated a portion of her bowel waste, and flushed at once, looking at me, amused.&nbsp; 



"It's not often that we have a chance to take a shit together", she laughed,&nbsp; "I think it's kind of kinky", 



I strained and emptied also, and looked away as my waste was rushed away.&nbsp; The vent fans were so efficient one could barely smell anything moments after a flush.



I looked at her rather sheepishly, and I guess I was a little embarrassed, because she put her hand on my back and rubbed me affectionately.



 "It's just nature Sir", I'm not ashamed.



I grinned at her and put my lips to her hand,&nbsp; "I'm not either", I lied.



She leaned over and kissed me, and I had to admit to myself that this was a first.&nbsp; We kissed for a moment, and both of us eliminated another part of our movement, and I moved back on my side again, and tried to maintain some kind of decorum.&nbsp; I couldn't keep myself from laughing, and she started laughing too, and about that time Missy, or Millissa walked in and saw us cracking up and stood there grinning in amazement.



Missy looked at both of us and started laughing too.



"Well I think I'll use another bathroom because I've got to do my business too."



She started to turn, and Nichole opened her big mouth.&nbsp; "Well that's ok Missy, why don't you join us."



Since there were six stools in each bathroom there was plenty of room.



Missy gave us a weird look and tapped her foot.&nbsp; "No, I couldn't."



Nichole piped up again,&nbsp; "Why not dear,&nbsp; you've got to try this."

 

Millissa looked at us like we were looneys, but finally relented.



She came over and sat next to Nichole and looked over at us.&nbsp; "God I'm embarrassed", she admitted.&nbsp;&nbsp; Nichole leaned over and kissed Millissa and rubbed her arm.



"Come on now Millissa, don't be shy, you've got to do it too."



Millissa looked over at me and laughed outloud, involuntarily forcing mother nature to take over, and a loud echo reverberated in her toilet.&nbsp; She fumbled for the flush handle and missed it in panic.



"Oh shit!", she said, and we all laughed so hard we couldn't stop.



Nichole and I were trying valiantly to make her feel at home by contributing our share, and I looked at Nichole as we both strained.&nbsp; We broke out laughing again and made a few sqeaky sounds but that was all.&nbsp; Millissa covered her face and dumped again, and flushed the toilet repeatedly.



We all looked at one another and smiled in exasperation.&nbsp; "It's no big deal guys", said the always adroit Nichole...the world will go on after this."



Nichole and I cleaned ourselves with the convenient bidet in our toilets and when we had dried, I went to the shower, and Nichole went back to her room.



Missy sat there grinning at me through her fingers as she covered her face.



-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------



After my shower I decided to make a visit to the prison and hospital area to check on the female inmates, and their progress in producing their valuable ejaculate fluids.



When I arrived two of the extraction rooms were being used, and the pretty female prisoners inside were squirming in pleasure, lying on special treatment fixtures, so that their legs were spread and held widely back, and their vaginal openings were in position to expel their orgasmic fluids.&nbsp; Special collection receptacles were in place, and I caught a glimpse of a the watery discharge squirting powerfully from one of them.



They were not restrained, and went through the process voluntarily, since they were well paid for their efforts, and knew they would be free within months.&nbsp; Frankly, they&nbsp; became highly addicted to the constant, and extreme pleasure, and could not wait for their next session.&nbsp; Also, after six months here they will have accumulated a very tidy sum of money to help them when they obtained their freedom.



After talking to the Doctor I learned that these pretty women, who were in their late twenties, were actually former prostitutes, a small detail omitted by the Mexican government before they were sent here.



I went into one of the extraction rooms and the attractive young prisoner was lying there sweating, almost delirious from pleasure.&nbsp; A nurse was removing her vaginal liquid, to store it away for later transport to the US by helicopter. 



I smiled at her, and asked the nurse, who was fluent in Spanish, to tell her that I thanked her for her contributions, and that her efforts could well contribute to cures for uterine and cervical cancer in women, and that she would be a free woman before long.



Her vagina was open and swollen,&nbsp; but she didn't seem to be embarrassed, and instead looked at me longingly.&nbsp; After a short conversation the nurse smiled at me and said that the woman had told her that she loved the treatments, and the money,&nbsp; and asked if I or another male might visit her privately for sex sometime soon.



I grinned and rubbed my hand very gently over the woman's ankle,&nbsp; I nodded in the affirmative to her, and had the nurse to tell her that I would see that she was accommodated soon, and that her schedule would take a break for just that purpose.&nbsp; I ordered the nurse to set this up for all of the women, if so desired, and on a regular basis, so that it didn't interfere with the extraction process. 



I told her to arrange appointments with our mentally suspended male servitors,&nbsp; as soon as possible, when they were not servicing the staff or my slaves.&nbsp; Since the males were housed in the same area, this would be quite within reason.&nbsp; The women had been exhaustively tested for diseases of any kind, and I knew that their having sex with the males would be safe.



Afterward,&nbsp; the nurse carefully cleansed the woman's vagina, and gently dried it with a towel.



----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------



I left and went back to the main house, and three of my slaves were watching TV, and&nbsp; masturbating.&nbsp; They finished just as I entered, and Karen, Chrissie, and Cynthia were cleaning themselves when I sat down.&nbsp; It was very erotic and I sat down beside Karen and kissed her. 



They seemed drained as they wiped themselves, and Chrissie spoke up and asked if I had done my required public masturbation yet today.&nbsp; Karen moved next to me and looked into my eyes playfully. 



"Well Sir....have you jacked off yet today, it's a rule, you know."&nbsp; She grinned widely, and Chrissie and Cynthia scooted closer also.&nbsp; 



"No, as a matter of fact I haven't",&nbsp; I sighed.&nbsp; "Guess I'd better do it now huh?"



Karen looked at my hardening dick.



"Guess you'd better Sir. You don't mind us watching do you?&nbsp; I don't know about these ladies but I get real fucking hot watching a man jack his pecker off."



Chrissie and Cynthia nodded and looked at me expectantly,



"Well ladies, it's almost like when someone asks you to sing a song.&nbsp; You don't know quite how to start."&nbsp; Karen kissed my cheek. 



"Well shit Sir,&nbsp; I'll bet you've never had that&nbsp; problem before", she said, in an exaggerated tone.



They grinned widely at me and stared, and I found this quite intimidating.

"Ahem"....I said, clearing my throat.



I put my hand on my dick and began to stroke it slowly, and it was gradually beginning to harden.&nbsp; Karen looked at me in a vexed manner, and sighed.



"Well fuck Sir, do you need us to give you instructions?"



I looked at her with chagrin and stoked faster, as Chrissie and Cynthia looked closely at me.&nbsp; My cock was hard by now and I beat it off rapidly, grunting and gasping in pleasure.&nbsp; They were trying to hold back their laughter, not out of cruelty, but because of the strange sounds I was making.&nbsp; My face suddenly went flaccid, and my eyes rolled back, and I jerked upward, expelling a thick glob of semen into the air. It splattered a foot in front of me soaking into the thick towel.



Chrissie looked at my squirting reproductive fountain in awe.&nbsp; "Out of sight!", she exclaimed,&nbsp; dam thing just keeps spitting don't it."&nbsp; 



Their attention actually made me ejaculate longer, and more powerfully, and I finally finished, my dick draining onto the towel below.



Karen bent down and looked into my face,&nbsp; "Now that wasn't so bad was it Sir?"



I tried to stand but couldn't and finally gave them a few much needed orders.



"Ladies, I want this place cleaned thoroughly tomorrow, and make sure all the supplies are restocked, and the bedclothes changed.&nbsp; You never know when more guests might be coming.&nbsp; I turned to Karen, and tried to appear the boss, and well in control.&nbsp; "Slave Karen, you will help Susan scrub the bathrooms, they're still a mess from the party."



"Yes Sir", she said seriously, I'll see to it. Please let me know if there is anything else that I can do. Like the others here, I live to serve you."



Chrissie and Cynthia became serious in their manner also.&nbsp; "The place will be spotless Sir, we promise", said Chrissie.&nbsp; "Sir, would you like me to wipe your genital area off for you.?"&nbsp; 



I grabbed the towel out of her hand and began wiping myself, glaring at her.



"NO THANK YOU!&nbsp; I can do it myself, I mumbled, and with that got up and headed for bed.



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------



When I got to my room I found my bed occupied by Nichole and Missy.&nbsp; They were holding each other, kissing,&nbsp; and whispering silently.&nbsp; They smiled when I came in and moved apart to make a place for me to lay.



"Looks like I share tonight huh?"&nbsp; I grinned broadly and lay down between them. 

Their smell was wonderful, and they folded over me, and each held me in their arms.&nbsp; I kissed them both, back and forth, as they lay their heads on my shoulder.



"It's been a long day hasn't it Sir", Nichole murmured, "we just felt like sleeping with you tonight."



"I'm glad you're here", I sighed, as I relaxed my body.



Missy kissed my shoulder,&nbsp; and put her hand on my penis, and gently squeezed it.&nbsp; Nichole did the same, and their touch was magic.&nbsp; Missy snuggled closely, and whispered in my ear.&nbsp; "I love you Sir", she said sleepily, "and so does Nichole."&nbsp;&nbsp; I just wanted you to fall asleep hearing those words."



I moved my hands, one on each side, to their sweet pussies, and gently slid my fingers into their wetness.&nbsp; The slick warmth of their juices had a tremendously calming effect on me, as we drifted off to sleep.&nbsp; They were breathing their warm, intoxicating breath into my face, and I fell into a stupor of happiness. 



----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------



When I awoke my sweet slaves were gone and I went into the kitchen and grabbed a boiled egg, said hi to the girls, and headed out to take care of routine business around my estate. It was better for me to be gone anyway so that the ladies could finish their work. 



I headed for my secure lab at the far end of the compound.&nbsp; My security guards were never far away, and I was not to be disturbed while in my laboratory, under any circumstances, unless it was a matter of life and death.&nbsp; The lab was greatly reinforced both inside and outside, and I entered only after a sophisticated eye scan and voice ID procedure.



I had constructed an impenetrable safe in my laboratory, built into the ground, and secured by steel poles sunk into the earth beneath the surface.&nbsp; In this safe I had stored five hundred million dollars in cash, both US and Mexican currency, and two hundred million in gold, platinum, and precious gems.&nbsp; The only way to open the safe was by uniquely sophisticated ID protocols created exclusively for me by my scientists.



My total wealth was listed on the worldwide billionaire list as something between five and ten billion, but the truth is that most of my assets were well guarded secrets, and I suspected that some of the other billionaires were guilty of the same good sense.&nbsp; Afterall I had assets all over the world concealed in a multitude of ways.&nbsp; My swiss bank account contained another five hundred million in cash and gold, and of course other valuable assets.



I also contributed at least a billion dollars each year to charities worldwide, a fact that was unknown to anyone, and one that gave me some feeling of worth about myself toward the needful of humanity. In truth I loved people, and liked to think of myself as a reasonably good person, notwithstanding my weird sexual habits and preferences.



I believe it is safe to say that my enumerated assets were between thirty four, and thirty six billion, which made me one of the richest men in the world.&nbsp; If my sweet ladies knew of this, and my worldwide influence, they would never look at me in the same light, and I intended to hang onto the marvelous love that they gave to me, and I to them.&nbsp; Love was precious to me, and I knew it was hard to find.



I had an arsenal of weapons in the lab also, along with food and water, and sophisticated medical supplies, another level of protection that I had added.



I had wanted my primary home and land base to be outside of the US for reasons of my own, including a kind of freedom, ironically, that I could not possibly enjoy in the US.&nbsp; Notwithstanding, of course, the great love I have for my country.&nbsp; My many other properties are located throughout the US in various cities.&nbsp; I visit them at random when in the states, and they are cared for in the event that I should want to use them. 



I had constructed for me, one of the most sophisticated computers in existence, that allowed me to store a significant portion of the world's knowledge and literature, ready for instant retrieval by voice command.&nbsp; I had become fascinated by gadgets long ago, and now had the means to enjoy my toys.



Importantly though,&nbsp; there was a comfortable den, and a relaxation and sleeping area where I could conduct e-conferences with my large, worldwide staff, and where I could escape for a time, to think, and plan new ventures.&nbsp; 



I rested in my den for about three hours, conversing&nbsp; with my worldwide organization&nbsp; by a large screen teleconference display, and then did my customary daily computer research on any of a thousand topics.&nbsp; I almost felt as if I were speaking to an educated friend while asking the amazing computer questions, it had a soothing woman's voice, and made my research much more enjoyable.&nbsp; When I had finished all my tasks,&nbsp; I headed back to the main building, and into the entertainment area.



----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------



When I returned,&nbsp; the living space was almost empty since after cleanup was finished, Nichole, Missy, Olivia, and Chrissie would be busy at the either the gym, hairdresser, health spa, or up on the sundeck.&nbsp; This usually occupied them for several hours and gave me a chance to do other things.&nbsp; Susan had finished her menstrual cycle, and was not wearing a pad anymore, however, now Cynthia was wearing a pad, though she usually used a tampon.&nbsp; Cynthia was vacuuming the entertainment lounge, and Susan was watching TV.&nbsp; 



 I sat down beside Susan and she told me Karen was in the bathroom.&nbsp; She smiled at me, and lay her head on my shoulder.&nbsp; Her soft hair and fragrance was erotic to me, not a little because I had just taken my designer sex drugs.&nbsp; Due to the very elite kinds of drugs we were taking my erections were frequent, and pronounced, and my ejaculations much larger and more powerful, and the ladies experienced the same kinds of effects on their sexual systems.



Susan was in the mood, and frankly so was I, and she put her lips next to mine and kissed me.&nbsp; It was a long and hot kiss, and I slid my tongue deeply into her mouth, and she did the same.&nbsp; Naturally, my dick was getting hard quickly, and her breasts were firm and protruding.&nbsp; She pulled back and stopped, looking into my eyes.&nbsp; 



"Sir, I haven't really seen much of you lately and I've been wanting to get hot and heavy with you.&nbsp; I really need it now, a lot."



"I've been thinking the same thing girl, we're so comfortable together that I always enjoy being with you."



She kissed my face all over and put her hand on my dick and began to massage it.

She picked up my balls in her hand and kneaded them gently.&nbsp; "Oh sir, I'm fucking hot to trot if you know what I mean."



She kissed me hard and sucked on my tongue, and stroked my cock until it was rock hard and bouncing.&nbsp; She put her lips next to my ear and her breath was hot and heavy.



"Sir, would you please fuck me in the ass?"



I was breathing heavily by now and when she moved down and began sucking my cock Cynthia made a strange face, and stopped the vac, and left.&nbsp; "Got some things to do", she said, as she exited hastily.



I nodded enthusiastically in the affirmative, and Susan went to the her room quickly and returned with a tube of lubricant.&nbsp; She took some out and inserted it up her butthole liberally, then kissed me with great passion again.&nbsp; "Sir, have you ever fucked a woman up her ass?", she said, shaking noticeably.



"Yes", I grunted,&nbsp; "kneel down on the floor."



"Yes Sir!"&nbsp; 



She put herself in front of me and looked around to watch.&nbsp; I moved behind her and stuck my finger up her rear opening, and moved it around slowly,&nbsp; stretching her tight asshole.&nbsp; I took it out and smeared some of the lubricant around my penis.&nbsp; My cock was fully erect now and I slowly moved my hard glans between her well formed asscheeks, and began to push forward. My dick slowly penetrated her tight anal sphincter, and moved slowly in.&nbsp; I pulled it back a bit and shoved it in deeper this time, all the way to the hilt.&nbsp; 



She groaned loudly, and pushed back against me as I started to fuck in and out of her snug anus.&nbsp; The feeling was fantastic and soon I was pumping away, and Susan was grunting and looking behind her in ecstasy.



"Give it to me good Sir", she moaned.



At that time Karen walked in, and out of the corner of my eye I could see her pause when she saw us.&nbsp; I continued fucking Susan's asshole with a vengeance, and Karen came over silently and sat behind me.&nbsp; I felt her finger in my buttcrack, and she had coated it with lubricant.



She forced her index finger slowly up my asshole, and then she moved it around expertly.



She massaged my prostate, and soon I was going berserk enjoying Susan's wonderful craphole, and Karen's skilled finger up my ass.&nbsp; Then Karen began to massage my swollen balls with her other hand, and I was very near a monumental orgasm.



Due to Karen's added efforts I experienced an intense orgasmic explosion, and blew my load with such power that hot cum splashed out of Susan's tight asshole, and dripped to the towel below. I knelt there quivering, unable to move, and Susan pulled away and fell onto the the large towels, and lay trembling as she looked up at me.



"Oh fuck Sir", she moaned, "Oh fuck!"



Karen kissed my back, and I sat down on the couch breathing heavily.



"Did you like that Sir?", she whispered, running her soft hands over my chest.



I leaned over and pulled her to me, and kissed her deeply, as we hugged each other.&nbsp; She looked in my eyes and kissed my lips softly, "I love to see you satisfied Sir", she murmured, "baby you really got your nuts off didn't you!"&nbsp; We grinned at each other and I stood on wobbly feet.&nbsp; 



------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------



Susan got up and started to walk to the nearest bathroom.&nbsp; She stopped and looked back at me....."Sir, would you please douche me out?", she said softly, "I really would like for you to do it for me."



Karen smiled and kissed me, and left to go back to her room.



I smiled at Susan, and got up and followed her.&nbsp; She went into the bathroom and over to the special feminine bidet fixture for that purpose, and reached in the cabinet above it and retrieved a bottle of the unique vaginal cleaning solution that my scientists had designed.&nbsp; It cleaned and sanitized the tender tissues of a woman's inner vagina, but was specially medicated to prevent irritation, and replace healthy substances washed out during the process.



I sat on a low seat in front of the bidet as she stepped in and sat down. She raised her shapely legs slightly up and back, and placed her ankles into depressions for that purpose.&nbsp; The bidet was made to accommodate a woman's body perfectly, and at the same time allowing her legs to be pulled back so that her vagina or anus could be flushed easily.



I took the application bottle and rubbed her pussy softly with my fingers, and spread her lips open.&nbsp; Her anus was a bit raw and stretched, and had traces of lubricant around it.



"Would you like me to wash inside your anus too?", I said, smiling.



"You mean asshole don't you Sir?", she laughed.



"Yes you little shit, I mean your asshole."



"Dam Sir, you really know how to treat a lady.&nbsp; I hope this isn't disgusting for you."



I began to inject the warm douche inside her, and she sighed audibly as the soothing liquid poured in.



"There is nothing about a woman's body that is disgusting to me slave Susan,&nbsp; I'm honored that you entrust me with such a service."



I moved down to her wonderful pussy and continued to introduce the liquid into her.&nbsp; The fluid began to wash out of her vagina, with a few traces of her recent period, and she squeezed her muscles and forced more of it out.&nbsp; I continued this several times and she was shaking a bit from the stimulation.&nbsp; 



As her pretty pink love orifice drained, I took the water nozzle and gently slid it into her cute butthole, and injected&nbsp; warm water into her.&nbsp; As it squirted into her rectum,&nbsp; a back flow of waste matter and semen began to come out,&nbsp; and I flushed the bidet bowl eliminating it.&nbsp; I continued this until her vagina and anus were thoroughly cleaned.&nbsp; I put my face next to her genital area and anus, and dried them completely with a clean hand towel and kissed them all over.&nbsp; 



She rubbed her hands over my hair and moaned softly.&nbsp; "No man has ever done that for me before."



She stepped out of the bidet and dried herself again, and put her arms around me and kissed me tenderly.&nbsp; "You're very special to me Sir,&nbsp; I love you."



"And I love you Susan."



---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------



I was a bit tired after the day's activities, and went into my room later to take a nap.&nbsp; As I lay there getting drowsy I could smell the residual fragrance of Missy and Nichole in the room.&nbsp; I would definitely have my ladies sleep with me more often from now on during the night, and at least two at a time.&nbsp; Visions of all seven of them in here with me in my super size bed dusted my eyes with a wonderful kind of sleep powder, and I dozed peacefully for a few hours.



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Aceith


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





