BDSM Library - Emma's Party




Emma's Party
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: when a good friend takes Emma out, she is not expecting the surprise she gets






THE PARTY

PARTY

It was Friday night, and Emma was getting ready to meet Caroline, her best friend. She had told Emma that she had a surprise for her, and to be ready on time, not half an hour late as she normally was. She also said to wear her sexiest clothing, so she had decided on a very short skirt, a thin blouse that almost showed her tits through the material, and no bra. She had chosen a "g" string, and stockings, and a pair of high heeled shoes. One look in the mirror and Emma knew that this was the right choice. She had a quick thought of something her e-mail friend had sent , and immediately she could see her nipples harden under the blouse. If this wasn't sexy, nothing was.

Caroline arrived dead on time, and was surprised that Emma had managed to get herself ready, and not have to wait for her. A quick drink before they left, to keep out the night air, and into the car. Emma had asked Caroline a few times where they were going, but she refused to answer, telling her it would be a surprise.

The car headed out of the main town, and into the suburbs, where the rich people lived.&nbsp; The drive took almost an hour, before Caroline pulled up outside this huge mansion, to Emma&#8217;s great surprise, Caroline told her it was her Uncles, and that he had lent it to her for a month, while he was away in Europe, so she had decided to have a party, and invite a few friends along to meet her.

Before getting out of the car, Caroline pressed against the car horn, just a short burst, and apologised, saying it would not waken the neighbours anyway. Emma did not know that this was a signal to those already in the house that she had arrived, the guest of honour.

Caroline entered first, and as Emma entered the house, someone made a grab at her arms, and another person pulled a black bag over her head. She made a sound to scream, but Caroline spoke to tell her it was part of her surprise.

She were led into another room, where she could feel the heat of the fire, hear&nbsp; mixed male and female voices. Emma waited for the bag to be removed, but instead, she felt your arms being pulled behind her. Suddenly she felt a strap around her left wrist, and as her arms were pulled apart, still behind her, another strap was placed around her right wrist.

Caroline then told Emma that it was a spreader bar, designed to keep her arms behind her, and apart. Emma screamed at Caroline to let her go, but she laughed, as Emma felt another strap being placed around one ankle. Even before she could react, a hand grabbed Emma&#8217;s other ankle firmly, and her legs were pulled apart, sending her to the ground. Yet another strap was fastened to this ankle, and she found her legs wide apart, and immovable.

Again and again Emma&nbsp; screamed at Caroline to let her go, but all she heard was laughter, and people joking about what they would do to her. At least, Emma hoped they were joking.

She felt hands moving under her, and lifting her off the ground. She was then carried, and laid on something hard, her arms held under her by the bar. Emma heard someone telling the others to get her clothes off, and even as she start to scream hands were opening the buttons on her blouse, exposing her naked tits for all to see. She heard herself begging them to stop, but they didn't, and soon a hand was touching her breast, fingers playing with her nipples, teasing them to hardness.

Emma feel cold metal against her leg, and scissors began to cut through her skirt, and she felt it fall open at her sides. Only her "g" string saved Emma from being totally exposed. But this soon disappeared as the scissors cut through the thin material, and they are removed.

Emma felt panic set in, as she&nbsp; lay there, unable to move, almost naked, just her suspender belt and stockings still on, the scissors having now cut through her blouse so it could be removed.

Caroline whispered in her ear to relax, and enjoy herself, but it was no easy matter to relax, when all of Emma&#8217;s clothes had been removed, and she was being ogled and fondled by unseen hands. Just then she feel a hand between her legs, and realised from the finger nails, that it must be a woman&#8217;s hand. She try to move away from it, but there wass nowhere to go, and the hand moves closer to Emma&#8217;s&nbsp; pussy, the fingers stroking her pussy lips.

The fingers seemed to know exactly what they were doing, and quickly located Emma&#8217;s clit, a finger nail stroking across it. Despite herself, this had always had the same effect on her, and even now she can feel the warmth growing. That it was a woman&#8217;s hand did not seem to matter, and as one finger toyed with her clit, a second started to probe it's way into Emma&#8217;s pussy. She began to squirm, though this time her hips were moving, trying to press towards the probing finger, as it began it's way deeper inside her pussy.

Emma had never had a woman do this to her before, and she wondered if, perhaps, it may be Caroline, and wondered why she had never said anything before. But as this thought crossed her mind, she heard Caroline's voice at the other side of the room, and realised that it had to be another woman, but why did she have to turn her on like this?. Couldn't she see what she was doing to you?

Another hand touched Emma&#8217;s breast, and with deft efficiency began to play with her nipple. The double assault was getting too much for Emma, and she began to move her hips more to meet the woman&#8217;s fingers, now two of them inside her. The dampness grew, and soon became a torrent of Emma&#8217;s juices as the three hands continued to bring her on.

Just as suddenly as the hands had first appeared, they left . Emma;s hips moved as if to search for the fingers, wanting them back, but they were not there. A sudden cold dampness appeared around her breast, and she realised that someone was spraying something around the shape of her breast. Then the other one, and a voice saying how he was looking forward to licking THIS cream off. 

Another cold dampness touched Emma&#8217;s groin, as more cream was sprayed around the outside of her pussy, and then moving up her stomach to meet the cream around her tits. More cream was sprayed across Emma&#8217;s stomach, going from side to side, and then a thicker liquid was&nbsp; dribbled onto her, on top of the cream, but running onto her flesh. She could smell honey, and strawberries, as the thick liquid settled on her body.

Emma felt a hand between her legs, and something soft being pushed at her pussy, but still finding a way inside her.&nbsp; Someone said that more fruit should be applied, and she could feel many hands placing items onto her skin, held in place by the sticky liquid she now decided was fruit syrup and honey.

Suddenly it all stopped, and Emma heard Caroline&#8217;s voice saying that dinner was ready, but no hands were allowed "Yet!"

A tongue touched Emma&#8217;s skin, somewhere near her belly button, finding this sensitive spot, and licking at the syrup that had run into it, circling , and stroking it with gentleness. Almost immediately there were other tongues, on her breasts, her neck, and her thighs. So many she could not count, but as long hair touched her in many places, she just knew that some of the tongues belonged to women.

So many tongues! she squirmed trying to reach up to all of them, but couldn&#8217;t, as they probed her very soul in search of excitement. She wanted to hold the heads that assaulted her senses, but her arms would not move. A head moved between her legs, and she felt a mustache on the inside of her thigh, gently tickling as it nibbles the food in her pussy, moving ever closer to her, until the tongue was deep within her.

Emma could hold on no longer, and with a scream, an orgasm like never before ripped through her, encompassing the whole of her body. She raised her hips to meet the thrusting tongue, as other tongues still plied with her nipples and stomach. Her body ached with frustration that she could do nothing as the assault continues.

One by one the tongues licked her body clean, though the tongue in Emma&#8217;s pussy still pounded away at her. She felt the bag being lifted, though not removed, from her head, and something touched her lips. Instinctively, Emma opened her mouth, and a cock is pressed into it. She sucked on it avidly, this her only response to what she was feeling. The tongue between her legs moved away, and she felt someone climb between her thighs, and seconds later a cock was pushing at her, entering, thrusting deep inside her, no resistance.

The cock in Emma&#8217;s mouth began to move faster, and she realised that the owner is about to lose control. She fasten her lips around it, waiting for the explosion of hot cum in her mouth, praying that he will not move away before she had drunk his nectar.

Then it was there, filling Emma&#8217;s mouth, salty and musty, but such a sweet taste. She sucked and drank for all she was worth, as the cock disgorged it's red hot cum inside her. Almost simultaneously the cock in her pussy exploded with a vengeance, and she felt the hot cum splashing against the walls of her fanny.

As the man moved away, Emma felt long hair between her legs, and a woman&#8217;s tongue snaked out to drink the cum from her pussy, the tongue pressing ever deeper inside her. Again Emma could not help but cum, her juices now mixing with the male spunk the woman is cleaning away.

The cock in Emma&#8217;s mouth is removed, but yet another takes it's place, and she silently thanked Caroline for such a wonderful surprise. She knew that whoever was here would be taking her, but she didn&#8217;t care, in fact, she just didn't want them to stop.

Ever





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Excalibur


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





