BDSM Library - Jennifer




Jennifer
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: jennifer gets her degree and starts work for  big corporation but feels undervalued. The company put her on a program to revise her self esteem.Very slow starting.






Jennifer a slow starting tale of how a young graduate finds her place in society.
Any similarities between the characters or corporations depicted here and any characters or corporations which actually exist is entirely unintentional.

Part One.

Jennifer walked slowly down the long brightly lit slightly curved corridor of the Walthers building looking for Mike Gordon's office, it was almost ten thirty on her third day at Walthers and Walthers. and her first day working as Mike's PA her first job since leaving university, a job far below her expectations, and, she felt, a poor return for all her years of study.

She found the outer office door with Mike's name plate, the Walthers ethos required names not numbers to identify offices, and Jennifer knocked before easing it open, the outer office was deserted so she walked in, and knocked once more before opening the inner office door.

"Hi you must be Jenny, are you any good at making Coffee?" Mike greeted her and reached out to shake her hand.

"It's Jennifer and I did not do four years at university just to make coffee." she replied, irritably.

"Mine is white two sugars, I'm Mike, I guess office protocol makes me Mr Gordon to you" he continued.

"They said I am to be your P.A."

"Yes Coffee girl, mine is white two sugars by the way, and have one yourself." he continued with a grin.

He looked at her, mid twenties, tallish, five ten perhaps in her flat shoes, nice smile he guessed behind the frown, blonde, smallish high breasts.

She stared back checking him out, Mid thirties, once athletic, now going to seed, his own brown hair, his own teeth, not the least attractive man in the building.

"So Jennifer, why did you join Walthers and Walthers."

"Money."

"Do you know anything of our business?."

"No."

"Well, we deal mainly with the Far East, Pacific Rim area, China, High End, Luxury goods, big mark up items, stylish, good looking, quality, that's our ethos, so we need stylish, good looking, athletic people, I was a Hockey Pro, once, but you will see everybody here is expected to look good, and hopefully be intelligent."

"Gee I'm sure they didn't offer me the job for my looks" she announced as she sat awkwardly in the Company's suggested uniform of dark jacket and skirt and white open neck blouse.

He smiled, he could see her potential.

"Mr Gordon do I get any training.?"

"You did two days with Miss Metcalfe?"

"Yes mainly about dress code and poise, that sort of rubbish."

"No, as you progress you will find the dress code is just that, a code, and may I say that is not an approved company outfit."

"Yes right its WalMart, like fifty dollars instead of five hundred, imagine five hundred for&nbsp; work suit."

"Mine was eight hundred," Mike sighed&nbsp; "So is money tight?"

"That's my business" she rebuffed him.

"I really don't know why you are being so obtuse, I can only guess that you were allocated to a pretty junior guy like me because of Miss Metcalfe's report," he turned to a paper file on his desk, "Ah she actually categorised you as unsuitable, bad attitude, inability to appreciate the need for continual image projection."&nbsp; Mike continued.

"I guess I only looked at the photograph when I bid for you." he suggested, "We bid for PAs, when we have a vacancy, oh well, as long as you make decent Coffee we'll get along just fine, oh and for heavens sake get an outfit that actually fits."

Jennifer sighed with exasperation. "This is just fine."

"No Jenny it lets you down which lets the company down, now look how about a Thousand dollar advance against your year end bonus."

"No way." she replied in horror.

"Look, its interest free if you don't make the thousand this year then pay it off next." Mike gently persuaded her, "but I can't keep you beyond the two week trial looking like that, sorry." 

"That's ridiculous." she complained.

"No it's not ridiculous it's in the agreement you signed, so here countersign the advance notice and than get yourself to a approved supplier and be back here by four thirty wearing a genuine company approved outfit."

He handed her the forms.

"Hand it in at either of our designate suppliers, oh and shoes, your's are a tad too low in the heel, your posture is bad, you will feel so much better."

Her eyes blazed "Should I get a nose job or F cup boobs as well?"

"No there is only a Thousand authorised" he smiled.

She left the office, smiled at Janie who had now returned to the desk in the outer office went along to the elevator and down to the entrance.

"Hey, where do you think you are going"&nbsp; Amy Winstock, the early shift security guard challenged ."
"Shopping" Jennifer snapped irritably.

"Look honey, guys come here to work, not sneak out to shop." Amy warned her. "I guess I better search you."

"No way!" Jennifer protested. 

Amy pointed to the company rules on employee responsibilities on the wall behind her,
"Just turn your pockets out, in the office. if you don't mind." 

Jennifer turned out her pockets on to the table, as Amy looked on.

"Thats fine, I have to be seen to do my job," Amy reassured her, "just try not to leave in core hours, unless you want me to strip search you?"

Jennifer smiled uncomfortably at the thought, but she thanked Amy and walked briskly towards the street.

Jennifer found the primary authorised supplier of Walthers and Walthers uniform, Enrique Estoban Costumiers, was just a few doors down from the office building&nbsp; and a small sign announced the boutique was itself a division of Walthers and Walthers.

The assistant smiled, a radiant smile, like a beauty queen, "May I help you."

"I need a work outfit".

"For"

"These guys" she handed over the piece of paper Mike had given her.

"Certainly, come through the back, I'll measure you."

The assistant led to a door marked fitting room, continuing through the apparent back of the cubicle to a larger room beyond.

"Hey just something off the peg," Jennifer suggested.

"Slip your jacket off, I'm Celia by the way," the assistant smiled as she bolted the door.

"Jennifer," she replied as she removed her jacket.

"Oh that posture, slip the blouse off please, let's see the problem" continued Celia.

"What problem?"

"Posture dear, that cheap nasty brassiere, where did you find it.?"

Celia unfastened Jennifer's bra and cupped her breasts as she stood behind her.

"Hey what are you doing?"&nbsp; Jennifer gasped.

"Isn't that nicer, lifted not crushed". Celia asked.

"Yes, but."

"So it spoils your posture, I did three years on the catwalk dear and believe me posture is everything, here try this."

Celia handed her a black lace bra heavily underwired,

"How's that?"&nbsp; Celia asked. 

Jennifer was surprised at just how much better it felt. "Yes, good."

"And shoes try these"

Celia handed her some black shoes with three inch heels.

"Walk in them."

"I don't like heels."

"You look much better." Celia produced a tape and soon returned with a jacket and Skirt.

"That's not bad, in fact&nbsp; that's perfect," Jennifer exclaimed.

"No it needs a little tuck," Celia exclaimed as she scribbled a note and attached it, to the Skirt.

"And the blouse," she put it on it was tailored snug fitting, Celia continued.

"Comfy."

"Yes."

"Wear the blouse, bra and shoes and come back at three thirty for the rest."

Jenny left the shop, were men suddenly watching her she wondered from her slightly elevated height, the heels were a pain but after a few shops she forgot all about it. she went window shopping and returned at three thirty for her skirt.

Four Thirty saw her back in the office,&nbsp; 

"Hi, new Jacket?" queried Janie, 

Jennifer smiled.&nbsp; Fully attired to company standards.

"Jennifer, very smart," Mike greeted her, "Just one thing, the St Christopher on the chain, no necklaces, sorry."

"But I always wear it" she insisted.

"You could wear one in your lapel, like this, he reached a jewellery box from a drawer and flipped it open revealing a simple gold cross."

"Yes, Thank you."

The day ended, Jennifer went home, forty five minutes in her aged Ford back to her Mom and Dads place.

They did not even notice her new clothes, but expected her to fix their dinner as usual.

She was almost late next day.

Mike did things, Jenny watched and did nothing, then a phone call, " For you"

"For me?" Jenny queried, she picked up her phone, "Hello."

"Hi Celia, Uniforms, was everything OK?"

"Yes, why?"

"You need spare blouses, well everything really, especially if you go away, I'll send a package over, it's all paid for, don't worry, so is everything OK?" Celia asked.

"Yes, thank you, yes." Jennifer replied then she answered Mikes quizzical look.

"Clothes, they will send some over" she explained as Mike smiled at her.

Lunch, the stuffy junior executive dining room, where Mike could take her as his guest, or eat out, Mike preferred a sandwich place and they ate together quickly returning well within the allotted hour. Then she watched Mike work until they went home.


Next Morning she was late, five minutes, but the swipe card system shut at nine so she had an interview to explain herself to the feared Miss Metcalfe.

Five minutes late became an hour.

"Hi, have a nice lie in," asked Mike handing her a coffee.

"Five minutes late and nearly an hour lecture."

She sat around and did nothing as usual.

"Is there something for me to do round here?" she asked.

"Yes, white two sugars, Please."

She slumped in her chair.

Lunch time, a sandwich.

Afternoon, boredom, Mike stood empty coffee cup in hand.

"I'll get it, milk two sugars, right?" she capitulated.

"No, sit here and look at these figures."

He pulled the chair back for her and she sat before the monitor.

Soon it was five, time had flown by, she went home fixed dinner for her folks,

Traffic again next day, arrived late, lecture an hour late to the office, computer work.

Lunch at the sandwich bar, life was becoming predictable.

Home, Sleep, get up, Traffic arrived late, lecture.

"Jennifer this is becoming unacceptable, squawked Miss Metcalfe, staring at her over her tiny heavy rimmed glasses."

"It's the traffic Miss Metcalfe."

"Then live closer and walk, I warned you verbally before, this is a written warning, one more and your employment will be terminated."

"What?"

"Final warning, one more incident and you will be dismissed for poor timekeeping and your reference will reflect this.

"But Miss Metcalfe I need this job."

"Have you considered a company apartment?"

"N'no, what?"

"Across the street, you could come here Sunday evening and go home Friday, nowhere for the car here but you could take Taxis, and the rent, well it's tight but you will get an increment after three months so it should be fine."

"Can I see one?" Jenny asked.

"Sure dear, come over now,"

Miss Metcalfe led through the foyer and they dodged traffic to cross the street to the apartment building above the shops opposite, everything was in corporate colours and&nbsp; immaculate, there were Walthers and Walthers logos everywhere and the lift simply whooshed them to the fifth floor.

"Here we are," Miss Metcalfe announced. The lift door opened into a small foyer with a single door leading off it and as they entered Jennifer saw the breathtaking view across the river and upstate from the windows, then she looked round to see the Widescreen TV, DVD, Computer, everything laid on&nbsp; and again everything displayed corporate logos and everything, even the furnishings were in corporate colours.

"This is corporate area so we do expect company dress at all times and visitors must be security cleared."

"Boyfriends?."

"Book a seedy Motel dear its easier" Miss Metcalfe smiled, "I can still remember boyfriends my dear, even if I am not so good at snaring them these days."

She checked the bedroom, a double bed, bathroom, big bath shower everything.

"How much?" Jennifer enquired.

"Deducted at source you will be strapped for pocket money for a while but soon you should be very comfortable with bonuses and increments."

"When do I move in?"

"Right now, phone your folks and explain and I'll have the janitor deliver your car to your folk's if you give me the keys,"

"What if I oversleep, Jennifer asked.

"Ah, you see this is company property so you cannot be late for work, otherwise tomorrow could be your last day."

Jennifer phoned her dad who gave her a hard time until her dad realised he would get full time use of her car, then he figured it was brilliant.

"I'll need my stuff"

"Just company stuff dear, just about everything beside clothes is here and we have your size so we can sort everything right now, in fact take the car home now and bring your company clothes back with you, I'll send a Limo for you in an hour."

"Thank you, Thank you so much" she almost skipped as she thanked Miss Metcalfe before making her way to the car park to drive her car home.

She bade her folks fond farewells and the big black company Limo came impressing the neighbours and soon she was back using her swipe card to enter her apartment and after three trips to bring all her cases up in the elevator she started to unpack and began setting her pictures and&nbsp; disks in the places provided.

Miss Metcalfe knocked the door and Jennifer invited her in.

"A few pointers dear, please use the tablets provided, the company expects consistent result and well, that's why we have 31 tablets per month."

"I don't understand."

"The Pill dear, dancers have been taking them continuously for years and we find significant benefits when staff use them to avoid tiresome periods, don't worry I myself have used them continuously for many years with no ill effects."

"I don't know," Jennifer replied uncertainly.

"And take the company vitamins, here, they help with the lack of natural sunlight." she showed Jennifer a medicine bottle full of capsules. "The dosages are on the label." 

Miss Metcalfe began to check the contents of Jenny's cases. "Oh Jenny this wont do at all, this underwear is worn out, barely fit for rags, and I'll wager you are wearing something just as bad today, show me." she demanded.

Jenny showed her the pantyhose and yellow panties she wore.

"No, you must wear company approved clothes, I shall have some sent over, meanwhile throw those in the waste disposal."

It was past Lunchtime when Jenny returned to Mike's office, "Miss Metcalfe told me you are a proper Walther's girl now congratulations!" 

Miss Metcalfe was waiting for Jenny as she went to leave the building,

"Jennifer, one moment please," she ushered her to the office,

"What is it?"

"Your clothing, its here just try it before I sign it off, I ordered Thongs and Hold up stockings, you sexy young girls seem to prefer these to old fashioned tights with the sweaty crotch."

"Thank you Miss Metcalfe"

"Try them on then, here let me," Jennifer was shocked to find Miss Metcalfe lifting her skirt and suddenly her tights and knickers were round her ankles.

"Miss Metcalf!" she exclaimed. 

 "Don't stand on ceremony dear, make yourself decent." Miss Metcalfe replied.

Jennifer wriggled from the clothing around her ankles and slipped the thong on followed by the stockings, she felt cool, not sexy, just cool, and appreciated the advantage of such attire in a hot sticky office in summer.

"I'll bin these then," Miss Metcalfe unceremoniously discarded the offending knickers and tights in the waste bin.
 
Jennifer looked on as Miss Metcalfe disposed of her old stuff, "The company has a reputation to maintain, you know now run along dear."

Jennifer revelled in her new found freedom, her own apartment, all on her own no roommate, she read late into the night, undisturbed and woke early feeling refreshed after a good nights sleep

Miss Metcalfe questioned Jennifer when she arrived next morning, "Take the Vitamins dear, the flourescent lighting ruins your skin tone if you don't" 

Jennifer admitted she had forgotten and promised to take some at Lunchtime but Miss Metcalfe handed her two capsules and a glass of Glucose drink, so she had little choice but to swallow them.

By the time Jennifer arrived at the office Mike was struggling with a computer glitch, "Jennifer, It's frozen," he suggested, and moved aside to let her squeeze alongside him, her leg against his, he felt the stocking top through the fabric of her skirt, he looked at her savouring the delights to come, and smiled, she rattled a few keys, and the screen cleared.

"Take over will you, it's driving me mad" he asked and stood to allow her to take his place, the view down her cleavage was very acceptable, just a few more weeks.

The phone rang, " Miss Metcalfe for you," Mike grinned motioning her to pick up her extension, 

"Jennifer, do you have a hairdresser? asked Miss Metcalfe&nbsp; 

"I have a friend do it."

"It's a tad untidy dear, I'll get you a reservation," Miss Metcalfe clicked the mouse a few times.

"This evening 8.00 Ronaldo's, just up the street, it's a company facility, so there's no charge, all right."

"I suppose so" Jennifer said uncertainly and Miss Metcalfe put the phone down.

By seven fifty she was waiting,&nbsp; the Hairdresser looked friendly enough.

"Ah Walthers and Walthers, Jenny, yes"

"Yes" Jenny replied, 

"Come through to the back. I'm Pearl. so it's Hair, Nails and Wax."

"No Wax, sorry" Jennifer protested.

"It's a package dear, free, but otherwise you need to pay, sorry, all or nothing."

Hair to standard Company length and style, nails manicured and the wax to remove&nbsp; her body hair, under arm, pubic hair, all of it, she felt naked even in her thong.

"See you next week" said Pearl.

"What?" queried Jennifer.

"Oh yes every Thursday, eight, see you, bye."&nbsp; smiled Pearl.

Friday, the usual routine, then Friday evening and she prepared to go home to see her folks for the weekend.

Miss Metcalfe knocked on her apartment door..

"Sorry dear, could you help out, it's a secretary's job really, not a PA, but we are short of someone to greet guests serve food and that sort of thing, it's only over the road."

"When do you want me?"

"Right now dear"

They descended to road level crossing to the main building and ascending by elevator to the top floor they found the party already in full swing, elegant ladies and suave gentlemen, while anonymous Company girls in uniform acted as waitresses and served drinks and nibbles.&nbsp; Miss Metcalfe directed her to a tray of peanuts and she started to offer them to guests, she felt hugely embarrassed, some of the guests had been her friends at university and yet she as waiting on them

At ten thirty she was sent home, feeling demeaned, ignored, almost sub human.

The door bell rang early Saturday morning, it was Miss Metcalfe.

"Did you enjoy last night dear?"

"Not really, Miss Metcalfe."

"Never mind, can you do another tonight, poor Lynda is still sick."

"I really should get home." Jenny answered.

"Company or parents first? You need to decide dear."

"I'll do it"

She served red wine, then more nibbles until Miss Metcalfe allowed her to leave at ten, as the gentlemen were invited, "Through to the back room", what ever that was. 

Jennifer was back at work again Monday morning.

Mike was brief and to the point.&nbsp; "Jennifer, you have an appraisal at central personnel at eleven, if you would care to prepare, Miss Metcalfe will show you where to go."

At 10.45 Jennifer went down to find Miss Metcalfe. "Are you all ready, dear, scrubbed up, shoes clean."

"Of course," Jennifer replied in annoyance.

Miss Metcalfe took her up to the top floor, Jennifer waited alone in an ante room&nbsp; then a secretary, came to fetch her.

Six senior partners waited, two of them Conrad Walthers and Hermann Walthers descendants of the firms founders, Gustav and Franck Walthers.

"Jennifer" Gustav Walthers greeted her. "Don't be shy, we are here to discuss your future, strengths and weaknesses that sort of thing, is there anything you wish to say?"

"I don't think so," she replied quietly.

"So, you are on a final warning for lateness, you had to move in to a Company apartment, you refused to carry out duties below your perceived status, you showed reluctance to adopt Company dress and appearance code, it is well for you that Miss Metcalfe has spent the time to let you redeem the situation, any other views, gentlemen?"

"Very little evidence of any intellect, Mike Gordon cannot identify any specific item where Miss Mc Andrew has actually earned the company money." Sean Hammond observed.

"But she is very decorative, very sexy, she put customers at ease last evening I think."&nbsp; Bruno Scarlatti added.

She felt helpless, standing before them, as they decided her fate.

"PR then rather than IT, is that our view?" Gustav wished to move on.

"Yes that's right, I mentor her if you agree," Bruno offered.

"Are we agreed gentlemen?"

Three hands raised, "Against" Three different hands.

"Then I use my casting vote, Please report to Mr Scarlatti's office at 2 p.m. for a mentoring session, you were very lucky that Mr Scarlatti has faith in you, You may go."

She went back to work, she worried about Bruno, she asked Mike about him.

"He likes good looking chicks, real ladies man, charming, all the girls like him, you should try to keep him on side."

She waited nervously in Mr Scarlatti's outer office at 2 p.m.

Hi secretary smiled at her.

"Is he Ok?"

"Sorry I cannot discuss Mr Scarlatti with anyone, but he is very reasonable, open to persuasion, if you see what I mean."

The buzzer sounded.

"You may go in."

The office was spacious oak panelled, strangely old fashioned for the Walthers building even the furniture seemed to belong to a bygone age, Mr Scarlatti sat behind a huge Mahogany desk. He motioned her to a chair.

"Jennifer, thank you for coming, as you see we have doubts but I think with some training you will be a big asset to the Company."

"Training, I have a degree," she replied confused.

"You are not a team player, coffee making, is something which builds teams, do you understand."

"Yes, sure but."

He cut her sort,

"You see, you don't call me Sir, am I as senior executive not worthy of such courtesy?"

"Well, I guess I never thought about it." she admitted.

"Still no sir, are you showing deliberate disrespect?" he asked.

"Sorry I don't do this hierarchical stuff." Jennifer insisted.

"Then perhaps I was wrong, you have no future here."

"I got a degree," she repeated.

"Claire my secretary has one also, she calls me sir."

"Ok I got it wrong, what do I need to do?"

"Show respect, stand up."

She stood.

"Sit down"

She sat.

"You say, Yes sir then do as told Ok, stand."

"Yes Sir" she stood.

"Did your parents chastise you as child, use cane or stick perhaps?"

"No Sir"

"It is like I thought, would you consent to correctional training to see if we can keep you here within the organisation,"

"And if I don't?" Jennifer asked quietly.

"I withdraw support and you're fired."

"Then I guess I have no choice." she said sadly.

He pushed a form at her which she read carefully before she signed it.

"Take this to Harrison in the Gym in the basement; he will get the program under way."&nbsp; Bruno suggested and she realised the interview was terminated.

"Thank you, Sir." she said gratefully as she left the room.

She found the Gym, Harrison was there alone.

"Hi Jen, I guess I got to train you some."

"It's all nonsense, just because I don't call these so called executives "Sir."

"Yeah they are seriously screwed up, I guess you never been spanked since Kindergarten"

"No, I don't think so." Jennifer agreed.

"Bruno says six lashes this afternoon, is that Ok?"

"No, No it's not, one beats me."

"But you signed, corporal punishment program A; that starts with six lashes, you agreed."

She stared at the papers,&nbsp; her signature scrawled beneath Mr Scarlatti's signature.

"Will it hurt?" she asked.

"Sure will, some girls like it, find it sexy, but most cry, I wipe their tears, you know comfort them, but it has to hurt."

"Ok, do it." she whispered resignedly.

"Bend over the rail please, and pop your hands in the leather cuffs," he added pointing to a wooden rail set at waist height supported by a pair of A frames, with leather cuffs attached to the front legs near the floor

He gently secured Jennifer's hands in the cuffs on the frame supporting the bar and as she bent almost double he threw her skirt up over her back and pulled her thong to her knees.

"Hey no one said anything about Aaagghh." Jennifer squealed.

The first slap from his outstretched hand across her buttocks silenced her, the second stunned her , the third brought tears, he stopped and spoke into an internal phone.

"I need a second opinion," he confided.

Miss Metcalfe appeared.

"She cries a lot after only three, is it Ok to continue,"

"Are you all right dear, you have to complete several modules if you are to stay here with us, are you all right"

Miss Metcalfe stared intently at Jennifer's bare buttocks, and at her perfect hairless slit seeking tell tale signs of excitement.

"Carry on Harrison, she is strong."

Three more blows then peace. Harrison rubbed Lotion into Jennifer's sore nether regions, as Jennifer cried softly.

"Say Thank you sir to Harrison." Miss Metcalfe advised her.

"Thank You Sir" she sobbed,

"And you will find it more comfortable to leave these off for the rest of the afternoon, collect them from me as you leave," Instructed Miss Metcalfe as she scooped Jennifer's thong from around her feet. 

Harrison released her hands and handed her a tiny disc on a golden chain.&nbsp; "You should wear this to show you are on probation," he suggested.

Mike was waiting for her as she returned to the office. "How did you get on?" he asked.

"Ok" she replied.

"Did it hurt?"

"Eh,"

"We know, all about the beating, I had to lobby like hell to keep you, is it sore?"

"Not too bad,"

"Show me" he suggested.

"No way"

"Don't be silly, you have failed to call me sir, I guess you want me to lie about it, and you won't even let me see if you need any lotion to kill your discomfort."

"I don't have any underwear on." she explained

"I am sure you look pretty much like any other girl, now bend over let me see."

She was revolted by the whole idea but somehow found the will power to bend over displaying herself to him as he lifted her skirt.

"You are all wet you naughty girl, you enjoyed it," he trailed a finger down her sex, briefly seeking her Clit before exploring her lower lips and eventually exploring an inch or so within, he was sure he felt her wetness increase.

"Mike!, my god, no, no way" she shouted.

"Don't you like that? he asked. slipping his thumb within her.

She wanted more than just a thumb but "No," said her voice and the moment was lost.

"Pity, it felt great to me, I thought perhaps we should make love, but never mind." 

He gently touched her shoulder indicating she should stand.

"Check these figures would you, I need to make a call." he requested.

She sat before the computer screen, she had never really been into sex, studies were important and&nbsp; pregnancy was the gateway to poverty in her parents opinion so boyfriends had been sparse and transitory, but an aching void had suddenly become apparent within her.

Why had she not said yes? he had offered what she needed, he was attractive, unmarried, so what had she to lose? perhaps she should carry a condom in case he wanted her in future. she put the idea from her mind as she idly played with herself with the left hand and operated the computer with her right.

"Left handed huh?" Mike was back.

"Sorry Mike, I mean Sorry sir, it won't happen again,"

"Any time, don't mind me." he smiled.

The day passed, she collected her thong from Miss Metcalfe as she left the building, "Jennifer dear, don't forget the vitamins, your complexion is suffering, take two capsules each morning and one before bed, they should help you, try one now."

Jennifer took the screw top bottle and unscrewed the child proof lid before taking one of the capsules and washing it down with a glass of glucose drink Miss Metcalfe gave her,

Jennifer thanked her and headed for her apartment, the stinging from her buttocks reminding her she needed to change her attitude. 

Next morning Miss Metcalfe was waiting, "See me when Harrison has finished dear please"

She remembered to call Harrison "Sir" took her six lashes, with a whip this time , quietly and went to see Miss Metcalfe.

"How are you, are you sore?" she asked.

"Yes Miss Metcalfe, a bit sore"

"Bend over then I will rub something in," Miss Metcalfe offered.

"Did you take the Vitamins."

"Oh yes, two this morning." Jennifer confirmed as she bent over.

" Oh no pants dear?" she exclaimed.

"No point" 

"Now Jennifer you were caught wanking yesterday, in the office in Company time, now this is unacceptable, you should use the equipment provided, you have one of these I believe."&nbsp; She produced a Vibrator with company logo.

"Yes, in my apartment,"

"Well dear, I can see you are aroused and we will get no useful work from you in this state so use this one, it is brand new, unused, just lie on the couch, and relieve all those cares"

"No, I can't do that Miss Metcalfe" Jennifer refused but Miss Metcalfe simply took her by the shoulders and pushed her down into an easy chair then gently eased&nbsp; the slim vibrator&nbsp; up into her sopping vagina.

"Silly Girl,&nbsp; just lie back and I will relieve the tensions for you." Miss Metcalfe suggested as she expertly twisted and manipulated the slim cylinder until Jennifer squirmed in ecstacy, she brought her fight to the very edge of orgasm then switched the machine off.

"Back to work dear"

"Miss Metcalfe, please you can't leave me like this," 

"Yes I can dear, now trot along"

She could barely walk to the elevator and her knees were buckling as she entered Mike's Office, 

"Hi, How are you." He asked.

"Uh Ok sir,"

"Say you're trembling"

"It's nothing," she lied.

"Has Miss Metcalfe got you all hot and bothered?" Mike enquired.

"Sorry sir." she apologised.

"Well you're no use to me like this, where is your Vibrator?"

"At home sir."

"Fine," Mike agreed, "Just this once then I'll help you out,"

Mike kissed her long and hard on the lips as his fingers tucked into the waistband of her skirt and pushed it down to her knees before spreading her sex. He paused briefly to unzip his pants and as his erection sprang clear he was able to guide himself right in to her over excited sex sinking right until his balls slapped her crotch with one single thrust. 
His fingers reached for her buttons and her blouse quickly followed her Jacket to the floor then her brassiere releasing her slender tits to his grasp, finally she wore just her&nbsp; heels and stockings but she was too excited to care as Mike thrust repeatedly into her, pushing her back against the computer desk.

He smiled; maybe she would make the grade after all, 

He realised her was about to come and pulled out sending cum arcing across her chest splashing her chin, and pumping, pumping across her belly.

He scooped some on his finger and fed it to her, she turned her face away, shame and revulsion replacing the exhilaration as her excitement subsided, and she felt ashamed as Mike wiped her with a hand towel from his locker.&nbsp; 

She reached for her blouse.

"No stay like that a little longer, let me savour your beauty, and anyway we need to let that cum dry so it doesn't stain your clothes."

He helped her dress for lunch time and they went for a sandwich at the sandwich bar, then back to work. 

She spent the evening watching TV, falling asleep then waking in her chair at 3 a.m. realising she had slept for hours already, so exhausted from the day's excitement, was she in love?, in lust? or just plain horny, turned on by being spanked, she did not know or care she just felt fulfilled.

Next morning Jennifer presented herself at the Gym at 9 a.m. she curtsied to Mr Harrison,

"I am here for my punishment please, sir."

She placed herself over the apparatus, hands in the cuffs her arse exposed and elevated,

Harrison rapidly delivered the six lashes and she thanked him and rushed to see Miss Metclafe.

Miss Metcalfe handed her the vibrator

"Here you are dear,"

Jennifer grabbed it and eagerly thrust it inside her already sopping hole.

Miss Metcalfe judged the moment.

"That's enough dear run along"

Jennifer, quickly handed the vibrator back to Miss Metcalfe and ran to the elevator and on to the office, she saw Janie was away from the desk and as Jennifer entered the main office Mike was talking to Janie.

"Mike, please, a minute, please." Jennifer pleaded.

"Hi Jen, I was just discussing the news with Janie." Mike replied.

"What is it Miss McAndrews, you seem agitated" enquired Janie.

"Oh no, not agitated, no." Jennifer insisted.

"Then what is it?" asked Mike with a huge grin.

"Please Mike,"

"What?" he teased

"She's on heat, she is desperate, Look" Janie lifted Jennifer's skirt to reveal juices running from her sopping hole and leaking down her leg."

"I had better see to her" apologised Mike as he unzipped himself,

Jennifer sat on the edge of the computer desk and opened her legs as Mike thrust into her.

Janie sighed "You two, I don't know, like rabbits."

Jennifer looked at Janie, she wished she would go away, yet here she was being used by, or was it using, the boss while Janie could only look on, with jealousy.

"Come on Mikey boy ride her, remember when we were in the store room," urged Janie.

"Oh god Janie" he moaned.

"Do it to her too, and squirt her, don't pull out, come on in; out; in." Janie continued to taunt her.

"Fuck me, harder, harder, please I need to come, please come in me," Jennifer urged.

"She certainly bangs like a bunny, Mike, I think its time to let fly, cool her with your love piss, pretend it's me Mike, pretend you're fucking me."

"OOhhh, god Janie, I mean Jen" Mike's balls erupted and pumped spunk deep within Jennifer's willing womb."

"See that was nice, right I'll get back to my desk, bye," said Janie and left the office leaving the door wide open.

"Oh god, do you and her?"

"Fuck?"

"Yes, do you fuck her?"

"Not often, she has a boyfriend, hey you're my fucking P A, not my girlfriend or wife."

Jennifer shook, sated yet left off balance, her physical needs assuaged yet her emotions undermined.

"Anyway work" He stepped from his trousers, 

"I got some spunk on them, pass a wipe would you?"

"No, I want you to fuck me again and this time get my name right," Jennifer insisted as she grasped his member and started tickling his balls,

It stood to attention and after slipping her skirt off she guided him in to her sopping spunk lubricated wetness, 

"Fuck your Jenny, Mikes Jenny, Jenny and Mike, fucking" she whispered.

"On the floor, fuck me on the floor" she insisted.

This time their lips met and he tore her blouse open to release her breasts. His breath rasped like an animal, sweat poured from him as her pounded into her.

"Admit it, I'm better than her aren't I," she demanded.

"You're lovely, thank you," he replied as his aching balls once again emptied into her, leaving him drained. 

He crawled into his chair and slumped against the filing cabinet.

Jennifer sat at the Computer and enjoyed the sensation of his spunk slowly oozing onto the chair, her skirt still on the chair back and she tried to continue where she had left off the day before with the meaningless report she had been assigned.

Jennifer absent mindedly took a couple of extra vitamin pills from the supply in her desk. Walthers and Walthers Vitamix C, the same as the ones Miss Metcalfe gave her, she suddenly felt better, and time seemed to fly by. 

Mike dressed himself and headed for the recreation suite where he lay down for an hour, Jennifer skipped lunch hoping her torn blouse would go un noticed when she left at five.

A package came. a new blouse, ordered by Mike, a nice gesture she thought, and then she went home, she fixed diner and slept in her favourite chair until morning.


Harrison was waiting for her at the Gym next morning.

"Hi&nbsp; Jenny," He greeted her, "I understand you are starting to enjoy the punishment, which was not the idea, so we need to move on."

"Move on?" she queried.

"Yeah, raise the bar, and it's sir, you keep forgetting, go out, knock, wait till I call you in, then curtsey and say good Morning sir, how may I be of assistance."

"No way, why should I curtsey, I am a P.A you are just a menial."

He twisted her arm behind her back.

"Start undoing the buttons," He whispered, "I shall enjoy this."

"Aaarrrgghh, You 're hurting" she wailed.

"Buttons," he ordered and Jennifer had no choice but to start undoing the buttons on her
blouse, he pulled her skirt and thong down and told her firmly, "Good, just shoes and stockings."

He changed arms and her jacket blouse and bra fell to the floor, then he pushed her to the whipping rail and started to flail her naked back and buttocks. she sobbed quietly&nbsp; and then to her horror as he finished he grabbed her by arm and pushed her naked into the corridor.&nbsp; 

"Knock nicely and I might let you in before anyone sees you." he suggested 

She knocked furiously on the door, it remained firmly closed.

"Oh dear," she saw Miss Metcalfe standing behind her, 

"This will not do dear,"&nbsp; she removed her own small jacket placing it around Jennifer's shoulders," He should have let you in,"&nbsp; the jacket barely reached below her waist and left her breasts exposed but it was all she had.&nbsp; Miss Metcalfe guided her to her office, 

"Sit down dear, let me look"

"It was horrible." Jennifer sobbed.

"People could have seen me."

"But you are sopping wet again my dear, it turned you on, we really are running out of ideas for you."

Jennifer felt the familiar feel of the vibrator sliding so easily inside her.

"You have a terrible attitude problem, my dear, why do you think you are so high and mighty?"

Miss Metcalfe wanked Jennifer gently with the vibrator.

"I uh, have a, uh degree,"

"Yes dear, of course you have, but you have cute breasts and a winning smile, that's why you have a job here, you could go far, make a lot of money, but you must realise where you fit in."

Miss Metcalfe expertly took her to the brink of orgasm and beyond,

Jennifer lay sweating, drained of energy and emotion, brought to climax by an elderly unattractive woman.

"Crawl into a corner and rest a while dear, have some Vitamins&nbsp; then we will have a little think."

She saw a blanket and pulled it round her and curled up in a ball and slept, after a while 
Miss Metcalfe woke her, 

"Jennifer, get dressed, here are your clothes, we need a little talk." Her jacket and skirt hung neatly on a coat hanger.

"Yes I'm Ok"

"Jennifer, it is about attitude, now we have decided to give you a last chance, we will reassign you to a corrective program from next Monday, it is a 24/7 on call assignment so you will live here, not in your apartment, and we will review it after a week." 

"But&nbsp; Miss Metcalfe, I like my job with Mike."

"Mike feels his performance suffers from your excess energy, but he is confident you can adapt and return after training."

"No I can't, I quit."

"Fine, your current remuneration sheet shows you three thousand in deficit, how would you like to pay?"

"Oh, how, oh gosh, no way." Jennifer blustered.

Miss Metcalfe presented her with a break down.

"Look dear, take a break, come back Monday and we start again."

Jennifer dressed, went back to the apartment and called a cab to take her to her folks place.

She lazed around, met old friends but they no longer talked her language, she missed&nbsp; her friends from the Company, Janie. Mike, Harrison, Miss Metcalfe.

Jennifer returned Monday morning as instructed, she cold not get in the apartment building her swipe card would not work so she sought Miss Metcalfe.

"Don't worry dear, just go and see Mr Hamilton in the Gym, and we will see if you have learned anything, have you taken your Vitamins?"

Jennifer shook her head.

"Never mind, have a hand full, they wont hurt you." Miss Metcalfe reassured her as she handed her a hand full of capsules and a plastic cup&nbsp; of Glucose drink. 

She knocked on the Gym door, waited until Harrison called her in then walked in and curtseyed.

"Good Morning sir, how may I be of&nbsp; assistance."

"Hi Jen, hey just strip and I will be with you."

"What?"

"Get naked, Ok"

"No!"

"Jen, I've seen it all before, don't blow your last chance."

Reluctantly she peeled off her Jacket, Blouse and Skirt.

"Naked" he reminded her.
&nbsp; 
She removed her panties and brassiere.

"Naked" he reminded her again.

She removed her shoes and stockings.

"Put your clothes on the chair." he ordered, "Now stand still"

He came round behind her and reached round to feel between her legs, his thumb slid easily within her.

"You are something else, Jen, just gagging for it yet so arrogant, come on through to the side room."

The side room resembled a tiny operating theatre, bed, surgical tools, a dentists chair and all clean, white, sterile, she sat on a simple plastic chair, naked.

Harrison told her to wait and she heard a discussion, then a woman and a man she had not seen previously entered the room.

"Good Morning Jennifer, I am Mr Fellowes and this is Nurse Hancock, we will be performing the procedure this morning."

"Status reminders dear," Miss Metcalfe spoke for them, "Just a little something, now hop up in the chair."

Jennifer climbed into the Dentists chair and as she went to ask what Miss Metclafe meant the mask was pushed over her mouth and the anaesthetic gas flowed, she tried to struggle but the gas overcame her and she was soon sleeping.

Jennifer woke much later, her breasts felt strange and something was very strange below.

"Jennifer, are you awake," asked the Nurse

"I guess; who are you anyway?"

"Nurse Hancock, we have done the procedure, the nipple rings will feel a little strange for a while and the clit ring will certainly take some getting used to, it can't retract into its little hood any more so it will make you more sensitive, remind you that you are a woman."

"You did that to me,?" Jennifer asked.

"Doctor Fellowes, well actually he is a surgeon, so it's Mr Fellowes, did it, he is very good."

"What do you mean good?"

"Oh he put one through my Labia once but it was too much of a distraction, I had to have it removed, in fact I think you will just spend all day craving cock with your clitoris stimulated like that."

"So does he know what he is doing?" Jennifer enquired in panic.

"Sure, we do lot of these, prostitutes mainly, helps you girls be ready when a man calls unexpectedly."

" I'm not a whore, I'm an executive PA." Jennifer corrected.

"Whatever, just keep the areas clean for a day or two, any problems have your pimp call us" Nurse Hancock gathered her belongings and left the room. 

"Bye," she called.

Jen looked in horror as she raised herself, her nipples now sprouted golden sunbursts held by a pin spearing right though the nipple but below, her clit which she admitted was perhaps meatier than the average girl's had been pulled clear of its hood and pieced with a small diameter but thick ring, and it irritated and stimulated tugging pressing as it tried to retract, designed to stimulate just as the moment had passed.

She gently massaged it sending a warm glow through her and the tiny bud became erect, she lay gently massaging herself, feeling nice, but then the desire and need followed nice, need becoming desperation, she looked for someone or something to assuage her needs.

Miss Metcalfe knocked and entered her room.

"Miss Metcalfe, please"&nbsp; Jennifer pleaded.

"I have it here dear" she handed Jen a vibrator.

"Thank you"

"I have a new uniform for you and I have a make up lady coming over, so let me dress you while you sort yourself out."

Miss Metcalfe expertly fitted the half cup bra around and under Jens breasts, then the white blouse, tailored, cut so the top buttons could never be fastened made especially to show her cleavage, yet tight round the waist; and her black leather skirt, just long enough to hide her sex unless she bent over, finally a leather thong.

"Now dear, put that Vibrator on Low and let me fasten it in with this," ordered Miss Metcalfe.

Jennifer moved the switch and moved her hand as Miss Metcalfe pulled the thong tight imprisoning the Vibrator inside her.

"Just the shoes now dear, lovely high heels, very uncomfortable but they look so sexy, here."&nbsp; She slid them on, Golden slippers, a mass of straps lacing around her ankles for support, exposing her toes.

Jennifer was surprised to hear faint clicks as Miss Metcalfe tightened the straps.

"What's that clicking?" she asked.

"Padlocks dear, to keep them on, you supervisor will keep a key, don't worry."

"Supervisor?" Jennifer asked.

"Yes dear you are on probation; you have to have someone looking after you."

"Probation?"

"Questions, come along, can you walk?" Miss Metcalfe enquired.

Jennifer tentatively tried a few steps, it was like ballet her foot nearly vertical, her buttocks swayed obscenely as she moved.

"Stop" Miss Metcalfe ordered and fastened a wide black choker collar around Jennifer's neck and tightened it so she could place a few fingers inside to help keep Jennifer safe in case she stumbled.

"Walk On" Miss Metcalfe ordered, thinking of her beloved horses of her youth, great brutes ten times her size which she had controlled with ease.

Jennifer walked from the Gym grateful for the guiding hand, they passed familiar faces and then along unfamiliar corridors deep into the building.

Miss Metcalfe stopped at a security door, "Metcalfe and Jen Two"

"Ok Open her up" a voice called and they went in, down a long room, a warehouse, with crates and boxes and packages then on to a labyrinth of small rooms some just cupboards. The halted at one and Miss Metcalfe opened the door.

"We had to clear your apartment for re use, dear, here is the crate with your stuff Ok"

"W'what" exclaimed Jennifer, she felt somehow drowsy, as if everything was a dream, she felt she would stumble and fall as if her feet were somehow detached from her brain.

"Don't be silly, follow me." Miss Metcalfe ordered.

"No please I will fall."

Miss Metcalfe smiled, at Jennifer.

"Of course I'll help you." she said as she grasped the band around her neck.

They retraced their steps and then ventured once again into unknown territory arriving at an anonymous door labelled Make up 2.

"Miss Mecalfe and Miss McAndrew."

"Oh all right, I am Charmaine, and I will be looking after you while you are with us, what is required madam."

"It's on the sheet, electrolysis, sort the lipstick then tattoo it and I think ponytails and a straw boater."

"Is she working yet?"

"No, next week when the piercing have healed."

"Don't I have any say" said Jennifer.

"No," Miss Metcalfe and Charmaine answered in chorus, and laughed.

"No probationers do as they are told."



To be continued?











Jennifer sat in the chair in silent disbelief, collared with a leather collar as a vibrator gently vibrated within her held in place by a leather thong, she felt light headed as she waited for the girl to groom her.

Charmaine set to work cutting Jennifer' hair and soon she became a cariciture of a young girl, her hair&nbsp; plaited into two ponytails&nbsp; yet her makeup silvered sparkling eyelids and blood red lipstick, said something altogether more provocative until ln her tight white blouse especially tailored&nbsp; to show her cleavage, and the black leather miniskirt, just long enough to hide her sex unless she bent over, and her high heeled golden shoes with their mass of straps and tiny padlocks and her black choker collar all topped off with a straw hat the effect shouted Prostitute from a hundred metres.

"We will leave it there I think, dear, it is getting late, come along." Miss Metcalfe decided, "Thank-you Charmaine."

Miss Metcalfe grasped Jennifer's collar and led her back to the familiar regions of the front office, the whole building seemed almost deserted now the days work had finished. "Here take some Vitamnins," Miss Metcalfe offered&nbsp; Jennifer a hand full of capsules and a Glucose drink which she took gratefully.

Jennifer felt faint, so much had happened so quickly, she needed her mummy, perhaps Miss Metcalfe was her new mummy, she struggled to remember. 

"You can sleep on my couch, Oh and I had better have my little toy back,"

Miss Metcalfe undid the clasp on the side of Jennifer's leather thong, and extracted the Vibrator as the thong fluttered to the floor.

Miss Metcalfe smiled as she left Jennifer alone in her office to return to her own sumptuous apartment.

Jennifer sat on the couch, she realised&nbsp; that she had not eaten all day, she had no ID card to operate the washroom locks. and no money, but worse her pierced clit was shouting out for attention, she searched for something to fix the problem but all the drawers were locked so she ventured into the corridor leading to the offices, her old office was locked, so she tried other doors.

The Janitor approached, black fifties short, grey coat, dark pants carrying a mop and a pail.

"Excuse me, is there anyone working tonight" she asked.

"No Miss, there ain't hardly no one here."

"Can you let me in bathroom please, I don't have any ID."

"No Miss, I ain't allowed."

"But I need the bathroom." her head spun.

He smiled "I can let you back in the whore house, there's rest rooms open there."

"What whore house?" she queried.

"Hey who you kidding, look you come along and get back where you come from,"

She decided to play along and he led down corridors she had never known existed to a heavy metal fire door, he took the key and opened the door, she stepped through,

"Just down there, bye now."

The door clicked shut behind her.

She walked as directed and turned a corner to find a reception desk.

"Hi you must be Jenny, I am Mo" the receptionist greeted her.

"Yes, is there a bathroom here."

"Sure honey now just sign in,"

"What?"

"Sign in Honey, we need a consent else you have to leave,"

"Can I use the bathroom first?"

"No Honey, just three signatures then you're in."

She quickly signed and Mo led her through to the Ladies. 

Her aching&nbsp; bladder relieved she realised her other needs remained.

"Mo, do you have a Vibrator or something I could borrow?"

"Honey, I got a John just waiting for you, come on through."

"A what?" Jennifer asked as she followed Mo through.

The room was small, just a bed and a lavatory and a sink and some cupboards.

She heard footsteps behind her and looked round, a guy maybe 160 pounds, six foot white, "Which one of you ladies is it to be" he drawled.

Mo smiled and pointed "Jen sir, you have paid, enjoy her but treat her right."

Mo left them and he approached the bed. "Mo," Jennifer cried.

"Hi I'm Alan"

"I'm called Jennifer, I'm a PA" Jennifer told him.

"Yeah, right come here." she turned her back on him but he gripped her hips and pulled her to wards him."

"Please no. that's naughty" Jennifer pleaded uselessly.

"Hey little girl, just chill, Ole Al wont hurt you," he explored her lower belly sliding two fingers inside her. "See you need it so bad just bend over and Ole Al will give you just what you need." he pushed her head forward with one hand&nbsp; and held her to him with an arm round her waist. 

His pants were already round his ankles and slid inside her as he held her and despite her words and token resistance waves of relief swept through her.

"Oh if you're sure it's all right, I don't want to be naughty."

"Hey doll don't over act." He could not believe her enthusiasm.

"No I need cock, please just do it and shut up."

He pounded into her frantically and pulled out at the last second to send cum arcing over her buttocks and arse crack..

He rolled off to sit briefly in the chair, shattered, barely able to stand.

"Where the fuck did they find you, my god, you're too much for me, I'll ask for you next week."

"Will you do me again please, I need more sir." she asked hopefully.

"Doll my balls are drained, no way."

He hitched his pants up and staggered from the room as Mo returned.&nbsp; "What a mess, lets get you naked if you are going to let them do that." 

Mo quickly undid Jennifer's Blouse and Bra, slipped her skirt off and left her in just her choker collar and shoes as they did not have a key to the tiny padlock locking the laces to the high heel shoes in place.

Mo expertly wiped up the spilt cum.

Would you like some vitamins. to keep your strength up? she asked.

Oh yes, yes please, Jennifer smiled, vitamins yes, vitamins they were good for you she knew vitamins were good for you, she ate a hand full and washed them down with a glass of glucose drink.

She felt refreshed, just a little more attention to her clit and she knew she would sleep like a log.

"Ready for another?" asked Mo

"I need something, yes.

 Mo went out to find an argument going on, Al was leaning against a wall exhausted&nbsp; telling a three other guys about the new whore , they were arguing good naturedly over who was next.

"She is Three hundred dollars." Mo announced, still they argued.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

"Ok who'll bid five"

"Five" A young black guy.

"Thousand," an executive from the top floor offered.

"Fifteen Hundred"&nbsp; The black guy, again.

"Done sir, please come through," Mo invited.

"Hi I'm Leroy" he announced as her saw Jennifer.

"I'm, what ever you want me to be actually, but please I need to cum,"

He dropped his pants and approached the bed.

"Oh my God, it's beautiful," she simpered, "How long is it."

"I don't know miss but you just be careful lest in goes in you womb and comes out through you head."

It slid effortlessly within her exploring, easing, gently stretching, filling her, he lay still as she frantically squeezed him with muscles she barely realised she possessed, milking, tantalising, coaxing him to give her his creamy spunk, to quench her inner fire.

"Are you cool with me in you Doll?" he asked.

"Please do something." she replied.

"Say stop if it hurts you," he pulled back, and thrust in pressing against her clit ring as he moved.

"Yes, Oh yes more harder,"

"You sure?" he said uncertainly.

"I'll say stop" she kissed hid neck and held him to her.

"Hey what's with the kissing."

"It's to say thank you."

"Look Doll pull out time." he explained.

"No" she pulled him to her desperately.

"Fill me with love juice, put out the fire you started in me, please,"

"Ok, don't blame me if it hurts," he announced as his thrusting reached a crescendo and what seemed like quarts of sperm&nbsp; hosed into every section of her innards.

His shrinking manhood slowly eased from her dripping with cum leaving her swollen cunt gaping and leaking.

She smiled at him. "Thank You" she said quietly.

"I fucked Hoes from Saigon to Seattle, London England to Louisiana, but you is something else," he sighed.

He left and Mo entered again, she saw the cum on the cotton bed sheets.

"You are a messy girl, hop up"

Jennifer climbed from the bed as Mo stripped the top sheet replacing it with a rubberised sheet from a store cupboard.&nbsp; "Messy little girls fuck on rubber sheets."

"Am I a messy little girl?" Jennifer asked seriously.

Mo cleaned around Jennifer's cunt, "Yes, but Jen, you look sore."

"Yes, I just need some more cock, in a bit need a rest first."

"I did not expect you until next week, I'm Maureen, everyone calls me Mo, and I am one of your main mentors, Alison is the other."

"Mentor?" Jennifer looked at Mo, she was perhaps five feet six 34 E silicone tits, tiny waist, wearing a smart white blouse, black skirt and high heels of the Company's 
standard uniform.

"We look after you, ensure you present a suitable product for our clientele, and we sometimes take a client ourselves, but we credit you with twenty five percent if we take one of yours, usually its if a girl gets tired or I get horny,"

"Ok"

"Look we have a baseline of two hundred to the company then twenty five percent company and seventy five credited to you, so a three hundred dollar john is worth seventy five, to you, after tax, but you have no overheads."

"Mo, I don't understand the big words but please I need a man thing again," Jennifer's clit was throbbing again.

Mo ushered the executive in and rapidly the girls had undressed him to his underwear, his prick drooped sadly, Mo unbuttoned her blouse, popped a nipple from her bra and offered it to him to suck,

Jennifer dived on the flaccid prick and began to suck, even trying to suck his balls into her mouth as the tiny creature nestled in the warmth, She bit gently, and it swelled immediately thrusting into her throat. she pulled away and leapt onto the bed ready for him.

He entered, thrust feebly once or twice and came, it took but seconds before he flopped exhausted.

"Can I sit a while?" he asked.

"In my office, through there, Jen has work to do."

A new queue had formed, a Tall athletic guy in his twenties was next and performed for maybe eight minutes, a balding guy may be forty, had to be revived with a wet flannel, the place was buzzing, the CCTV feed to the waiting room was showing Jennifer by now, repeats and live, several other girls had already left for their homes, and others mingled with the queue waiting for Jennifer trying to entice punters away, showing what was on offer some even tried wanking gently.

The competitive urge was taking over, and stop watch functions never previously used on five thousand dollar Rolex watches were being used, the guy had seemed to last eight minutes yet no one timed it, the balding guy less than twenty seconds from insertion to ejaculation.

The queue even had a collection to allow Max the janitor, who was reputedly hung like a Donkey to have sex with Jennifer.

Jennifer welcomed Max, she knew from his powerful frame that he would pack a powerful tool.

"Ah know just what you need Miss, you let ole Max in there and you will think you died and gone to heaven."

"Show me" she replied and suddenly he realised his mouth was clamped around her clit ring and sucking her clit,

"Oh yesss, thats it, Oh my, but I need something inside me,"

Something smooth and hard yet slightly cold eased inside her 

"Oh thank you."

The guys watching the monitor in the waiting room were in hysterics, an old guy fully dressed in a filthy old coat over dirty coveralls sucking a naked girl while pleasuring her with an old worn out Hand brush, the black bristles gently nudging her making her think it was his pubic hair.

"Gee fucked with a Loo Brush, how much lower can that slut go?" asked Walt Milton.

"No idea man but look at that cunt leak, god she is hot." replied Sammy Morse.

"Yeah man straight in ball deep, no fucking about with foreplay, just a nice straightforward fuck, no chat no dinner, no fucking ring, just a fuck." suggested Frank Jesson.

Jen drifted into ecstacy then she began to close down, and fainted into unconsciousness.

"Ok Max, let her sleep, Mo asked, and tha old Janitor moved away."

Mo headed for the waiting room.

"Sorry gentlemen, Jennifer needs a rest now, would you care to check out Amelia and Condolisa? they are still available for your pleasure.

"Ok but we are first in the queue tomorrow,"

"Certainly sir, If you are desperate perhaps I myself could accommodate you?" Mo suggested.

"No offence but no thanks." They left, 

Mo let Jennifer sleep on as Angie arrived to start her shift.

"Jennifer is in here, she has reacted rapidly to the Vitamins, she has the intellect of a twelve year old I guess so we better ease her down, Fifty MG's instead of two fifties for a while?" Mo suggested to Angie.

"Yeah, Twelve is fine, I like em naughty, " Angie laughed, "say did she do a degree?"
 
"Sure did, Metcalfe said she never responded until she had her clit ringed then she went straight down from cynical graduate to naive kid in a few hours, so she needs careful monitoring.

"What's next?" Angie asked. 

"She needs pills and CI, and I guess protein and fluids then she can just carry straight on, the CCTV is fantastic." Mo advised her.

"Yes I saw her on the Video," agreed Angie.

Angie looked at Jennifer as he connected the electrodes to Jennifer's breast piercings and as he turned on the electric current she woke instantly.

"Hi Honey," Angie greeted her.

"Who are you?" Jennifer asked.

"I'm Angie, I'm your mentor for today, I take turns with Mo, I have your pills and I am told you need fluids,"
&nbsp; 
Jennifer took the pills and drank the liquid greedily, 

"Its energy drink, like red bull, so go easy." Angie cautioned.

"I am so hungry," Jennifer complained.

"Yeah Ok I have some protein for you,"

"Eggs?"

"No Honey punters don't like girls farting, except real weird perverts so, we use liquid protein, you will get used to it, and it makes the CI program easier."

"What is See Eye?" Jennifer asked.

"That is something you may enjoy or hate but, you are scheduled for CI in twenty minutes."&nbsp; Angie left the room and Jennifer turned her attention to the protein.

The protein came in a creamy liquid form with a self sealing valve, Jennifer felt like a baby with baby food as she sucked greedily but it tasted good.

Angie returned with a simple plastic cape.

"Put this on and come with me."

They left the room and headed down a side corridor, into a room with strange rubber and silver stainless pipes and huge silver and coloured drums.

"The CI facility, state of the art honey, some girls love it, just kneel on the platform and put your hands through the cuffs on the plate"

"Are you going to whip me?" Jennifer asked.

"Would you like me to." Angie asked. Jennifer smiled, shyly.

"Oh, I see but I will strap you in and clean you out." Angie told her.

"Clean me?" Jennifer asked.

"Hush Honey, I like it, you try it"

Angie finished tightening the cuffs and tightened the strap around Jennifer's waist, 

Angie took the CI probe, fitted a new latex cover to it, lubricated it, with the special lube and eased it into Jennifer's virgin arsehole.&nbsp; 

"Oh no, not there, Oh."

"Hush, see it's in now, now how's this"

A jet of something shot up her back passage, then the probe seemed to expand,

"Its lubricating and stretching, do you like it?" Angie asked.

"No,"&nbsp; Jennifer complained as she vainly struggled to free herself.
.
More liquid, warm, then cold, then suction, then cold, then warm, suction again then the probe contracting and finally, a blast of cleaning liquid cleaning her rear end.

"You're all lovely and clean inside now Honey, ready for work, just let me plug you and we can get back to your room."

"Plug me?" asked Jennifer.

"Yes, Honey, just a little ass plug, you hardly notice, see".

She felt the intruder enter then once past the constriction of her spinchter she felt it expand gripping filling.

"Neat huh, any time you want to do anal you make sure I know and I will pop that little nugget out and away you go." Angie reassured her.

Angie released Jennifer from the bonds and she stood, her arse seemed strangely full yet her guts felt gloriously clean and empty.

"See, Colonc Irrigation, CI, cleans you out ready for Anal."

Jennifer sat on her bed and fretted, her clit needed attention, there were no customers,&nbsp; she had to ease her frustration with her thumb but then as the working day started they began to arrive some had heard of Jennifer and chose to sample her wares, some just wanted a fuck, Flieschmann from accounts was first, she recognised him, he kept her content for a few minutes, then a stationary salesman, a big black guy, some foreigner speaking in a thick accent, an Englishman, the punters became a blur, Angie rushing around cleaning her up between them, 

"Slow down Honey," cautioned Angie.

"I can't I need cock, I just need it," she gasped, "ever since I had the piercing." 

"It's Ok honey you fuck as much as you like."

After a hard days work Jennifer finally crashed into a deep sleep around three a.m. leaving a few Johns unsatisfied but they were quickly serviced by other girls so they left reasonably satisfied.

In the morning Angie woke Jennifer gently.

"Good morning Honey, you did really well last evening and it's a big day for you today."

"Big day?" she queried.

"Getting your Ass busted for the first time."

"Oh no, please Angie it's naughty."

"Look Honey, you signed the forms, I decide who fucks you, where they fucks you and how much they pays on my shift so butt out,"

"I need a man up my front bottom not there." she protested.

"So do I honey, but the Good Lord he made me so I ain't got no choice."

"No choice, why?"

"Gee Honey, you slow on the uptake."

"I don't understand,"

"You think real hard."

Angie helped Jennifer drink the Protein and energy drink and then the visit to the CI machine.

Jennifer almost enjoyed it but then Angie dressed her in a cheap business suit and they went on down a different corridor Jennifer had not seen before to a room, with lighting, cameras, a film set.

A tall white guy was lounging in white slacks and a tee shirt. 

"Jennifer meet Lloyd, he will be you Fuck buddy for this little flick,"

Jennifer's clit was throbbing, Lloyd suddenly looked very tasty.

"Boys and girls are we ready,"&nbsp; The directors voice boomed.

"Right listen up," he continued. "Jennifer walks in sits on the bed takes off the stockings and then looks up surprised as Lloyd comes in rips the skirt off turns her onto her front and takes her ass, any questions."

Silence.

"Over here then Jen and Action"

Jennifer walked to the bed sat down, played with her clit for a while and then Lloyd entered the scene turned her over and rammed himself into her arse as she screamed in pain.

"Stick it in my front instead, please," requested Jennifer,&nbsp; and Lloyd obligingly changed holes.

"Cut, keep to the script" shouted the director but Angie and Lloyd were too engrossed in each other to stop.

Eventually they stopped, exhausted Lloyd crawled from the bed.

"She is insatiable boss," complained Lloyd.

"She is too tight, get a spreader"

They quickly inserted the hydraulic spreader and applied pressure as ignoring Jennifer's protests and millimeter by millimeter her spinchter muscles were forced to relax against the and soon they could see she was easily taking far more than Lloyd could possibly give.

Angie removed the apparatus and they waited for Lloyd who was sadly trying to wank his flaccid prick to life.

"It never happened before."

"Ok get the understudy."

They fetched a very nervous Paul from reception, he only wanted a fuck but liked the idea of getting paid instead of paying.

They tried again, this time as Jennifer was turned face down he slammed his penis 
straight down her arse hole and kept right on humping, for several minutes before he pulled out sending come shooting up her back.

"Mr Director" asked Jennifer.

"Why does Lloyd not come in and surprise us as Paul and me do a back bottom fuck and then he could fuck my front at the same time."

"Give Paul a minute, actually, Lloyd up the ass and then Paul does the cunt, work the angles out for yourself."

"Action" 

Lloyd turned her on her tummy and entered her ass, then Paul came in, Lloyd pulled Jennifer upright using her like a shield while keeping his prick up her anus, and as he did so Paul dropped his pants and slid his manhood into Jennifer's vagina.

Jennifer squealed with delight.

"They will have to dub it, she sounds like a hog dying." announced Angie. 

"Ok boys and girls, that's a wrap, for Jens Arse busted, how's about we get some stock footage,"

"Mr Oppenheimer" One of the camera men hailed the director.

"Mr Oppenheimer, could we help out with the acting, instead of getting new people in?"

"Sure get your end away for free, lets get the slut nude, Lloyd up her arse, Paul, Cunt, then someone in her mouth and she can wank two more with her hands."

Angie whispered to the director.

"Ok guys, Angie will star in a little appetiser, Angie brings slut in, crawling on dog leash, Angie sits on bed and slut takes down Angie's Panties and pleasures her."

"Sounds good boss" a few muttered in agreement.

"Is that slut nude and leashed?"

"Ready" called Angie.

"Action"

Angie tugged the leash and Jennifer crawled rapidly behind her to the bed, Angie sat and indicated up her skirt, 

"Slut suck Mommy, good slut," encouraged Angie.

Slut/ Jennifer eased Angie's panties down and reacted with shock.

"Y'you got a.man thing""

"Sure Honey now you have a nice dreamy suck on it."

Jennifer took the tiny shrivelled member between her lips playing her tongue across the tiny foreskin, it tried to stiffen.

Angie looked worried, Jennifer was supposed to react with horror but she realised, she was becoming aroused, "It's sweet, what a tiny little jewell, it's lovely to suck, shall I bite it off, make you a proper girl."

"No, Don't be an idiot." Angie pleaded.

Suddenly the tiniest jet of watery cum dribbled from the tiny appendage and Angie fell back exhausted, and the crew laughed and clapped.

Scene two was more complicated, getting the choreography right so Lloyd could ream her back passage with his penis, while leaving room for Paul to take her in the vagina while allowing the Camera guy access to her mouth and the other guys close enough for her to wank their tools as well.

Pretty soon all was ready, Paul and Lloyds penises were lubed up and Dave the Camera man's prick dosed with strawberry sauce, to give slut a gastronomic treat and everyone poised to go.

"Action"

Lloyd sat on the bed and lifted Jennifer so her arse slid down on to his pole, Dave knelt astride Lloyd and slid his strawberry flavoured appendage into Jennifer's mouth, while Paul moved up behind and rammed into her vagina, willing hands then guided her fists around the other camera men's shafts and the pleasuring continued, she forgot to masturbate the penises in her hands, but she lacked experience and it would come, jets of spunk flew and soon it was finale time.

"Sit on the floor by the bed, Slut and we will catch the final moments." the Director ordered.

Everyone with any spunk left, Janitor, lights man, the guy delivering sandwiches, ten guys stood with their pants down, pricks erect expertly brought to the edge of orgasm by Angie and slut herself.

"Action"

They all started masturbating then the first one started to cum, the cum splashing Jennifer's nose, she wiped it off then licked it from her fingers, more cum splashed her breasts, her hair, her eye, running over her breasts, down to her crotch.

The camera panned down as she wanked her own vagina as the cum dripped from her.

The Director made a final announcement. "Home time boys and girls. Thanks"

Angie led Jennifer back to her room, naked wearing just high heels covered in come, she was too excited to be embarrassed.

"Angie, two men, when can I do it again."

"When I cleaned you up Slut, I liked it when they called you Slut, Slut sums you up."

"Is that what I am, a Slut?"

"No dear you are a whore, Slut is just a name. but I'll call you Slut from now on, not Jennifer."

"I think I like that, a nickname, Slut. I never had a nickname."

They went into a washroom, Angie fixed a huge plastic collar around Slut's neck and carefully washed the spunk from her hair while keeping her body dry.

"Can I get a shower?"

"No Slut, some punters like the smell of sweat and dried spunk so we try to oblige, I keep you hygenic with wipes, you let me look after you."

Angie produced a gift wrapped box and handed it to Jennifer, she opened it, a necklace in gold with the single word, SLUT.

"Wear it always, to remind you who and what you are."

She set Jennifer to work as usual but already word was out and she had a few doubles. guys who liked to share a girl, sandwich her as they used her, arse and vagina at the same time, some would try to come together, but Jennifer just wanted them to keep fucking and never stop.

"You are Number one on Porn Tube, already, from this morning, look"

Angie showed her the Laptop screen and there she was in the grainy image, a tiny head amongst the sea of men using her, and after the fucking, the spunk shots, slow motion replays of all those men spunking off over her, and the spunk hitting her nose and of her eating it.

"Look we called you Slut, so no one knows it's you."&nbsp; 

"Just as long as my folks don't see it, I would die if dad found out."

Jennifer, worked into the night but fell asleep during a brief lull between customers, and she found Mo and Angie were with her when they woke her with an electric shock in the morning.

"Sweetie, we are worried about you, you are a wonderful whore, your porno downloads are some of the fastest selling in the world yet you seem worried about your parents."

"Gee if mom knew, I could never face her again."

They fed and irrigated her and then Angie popped a vibrator up Jennifer's cunt to keep her desire under control,&nbsp; they brought her some clothes thy found in a trash bin. "Try the outfit on." they suggested.

Mo handed her a short grubby white shirt, yellow tee shirt several sizes too small and a red jacket, with pockets crammed with condoms.

"We want to film you in an upstate brothel, keep that on for the afternoon punters then we will head out around six." 

Jennifer had a quiet afternoon then around six thirty Mo advised her that it was time to go, she placed a long cape with SLUT written across the back in large letters around Jennifer's shoulders, and they walked through reception to the South side entrance to the Whore house which led through to the bookstore with the Coffee house fanchise and out to the street.

A Limo was waiting, darkened glass made seeing out as difficult as seeing in, they climbed in and it set off into traffic. then they headed north along the suburban expressway before travelling along the regular roads with intersections and stop start traffic, and then the arrived.

Jennifer sort of thought she recognised where she was, at least the architecture was familiar, and as she walked the fifty yards or so from Limo to the brothel entrance, posters seemed to jump out at her.&nbsp;&nbsp; SLUT star of Bangs like a Bunny and double donged Slut live, here and the date.&nbsp; Her feet hurt, she was not used to walking, and the stairs were a challenge, but she made it.

They showed her the room, a bare mattress on a worn iron bed,

"The customers are waiting down stairs, we mailed the regulars to come and try you as a publicity stunt." Mo explained.

"Mo, I need a man or a vibrator like now please." pleaded Jennifer.

"Ok I'll fetch him in."

The old guy shuffled down the Corridor, he had been surprised to get the message that he had won a free session with the famous SLUT and no way would he wish to miss it,

The old guys prick was already edging out between his fly buttons as she came into view, first the feet in the totally impractical high heels, the gorgeous legs, then her bare shaved cunt the tits and.

He staggered, his heart thumping irregularly, he gasped for breath.

"Jennifer"

"Hi Dad."

"Wait till I tell your mother."

"You can't you old fool this is a whore house, mom would throw you out, so fuck her or fuck off." Mo suggested politely

"Is there no limit to your depravity."&nbsp; He staggered from the room.

It was like a home town who's who, This is your life, her Kintergarten principal, her old Biology teacher, Father Jacobs her old priest, it seemed funny to see them with their pricks out, and why was Coach Reynolds from the Hockey team so puny below and some weedy guys well hung.

She set about draining them of cum with her usual ruthless energy, but found herself tiring, as Elmer, a guy from a few doors from her folks came in.

"Hi Jen, long time no see."

"Elmer, oh, no small talk just fuck me."

"How's the car?"

"Fuck the fucking car, dad uses it."

"I miss you coming around Saturdays for the oil and tires to be checked." Elmer announced.

"Then you are very fucking sad." she replied.

"I wanted to ask you out, but you seemed out of my league."

"Yeah too right, I got a degree, you just got a auto repair certificate."

"Guess we're equal, I service cars, you service men, anyway, I still want to take you for a drive some day, away up in the mountains."

"Dream on" she replied, and he to her surprise he continued.

"Maybe get married" he continued.

"Don't be an idiot, I need sex 24/7 not a weed like you."

"I can sort you out."&nbsp; he assured her.

"Fuck me or fuck off," she replied.

"Bye then, I ain't give up on you." Elmer sadly left and walked to his Corvette.

Jennifer heard the explosion of sound and rushed to the window as Elmer took out his frustration on the car, smoke pouring from the tires it crabbed crazily down the street.
Sherrif DuBois, Elmers uncle watched the spectacle.

"Hey d'you see that, He ought to be in NASCAR."

"You should book him" an elderly lady complained.

"I'll book you for solicitation" he saw a brief glimmer of long buried memories as she shook her head.

Jennifer staggered back to be and collapsed, exhausted into a deep sleep.

Mo checked her chart, Jennifer's Vitamin levels had got too low, her brain was thinking like a woman again, so Mo injected her as she slept, making her think like a child once more

Mike Gordon was waiting beside Jennifer's bed when she woke, she looked round at the unfamilliar surroundings of the downtown brothel.

"Hi sweetie." he announced. "we got the trial period results through and you have been accepted, subject to a loyalty test."

"What?" 

"Your job as my P.A, just the Loyalty test, you made six thousand dollars already."

"I'm a Slut." she corrected him.

"Yes, you make Coffee and I fuck you, a PA" he pointed out.

"My clit is throbbing, will you rub it for me." Jennifer asked.

"No, come along, its loyalty test time."

She dresses in the filthy tee shirt and shorts and with a collar and leash and her Slut necklace Mike led her and Angie and Mo through the neighbourhood where she grew up, where a month previously she had been a much respected university graduate, and then to her horror he led her to her own home.

He knocked, and her dad came to the door, he looked horrified, but asked them in.

Jessica sat on the couch with Mike's hand inside her shorts gently masturbating her when her mother came downstairs.

"Hi mom." she said.

"I ain't no mother of yours slut." she declared.


To be continued?









Violet McAndrew stared at Jessica, as she sat on the couch in her parlour.

"Jennifer came to visit." Jock McAndrew explained limply.

Violet stared at the stranger sitting in her parlour who had just addressed her as Mom.

A disgusting unwashed wreck of a girl, wearing a filthy tee shirt and shorts, her neck ringed with a dog collar with a leash, and a necklace spelling out SLUT, her dirty blonde hair had been crudely woven into the girlish pig tails with a battered straw hat and worn out high heeled shoes to complete her degradation.&nbsp; 

A smartly dressed businessman sat next to the girl with his hand down her shorts apparently pleasuring her.

"That is no daughter of mine!" Violet said again more correctly remembering her suburban status, and setting aside her own long forgotten memories of her distant past.

"Please Mummy, don't be so horrible."

"Who is this, this," words failed her as Violet stared at the interloper, she was vaguely&nbsp; similar in height and colour to Jennifer, same long elegant legs, same colour eyes,yet her demeanour and disreputable appearance as light years apart from her own proud successful daughter.

"Oh look, its Mister Kitts," Jennifer announced as the cat walked in. "Here Kitty Kitty."

The cat climbed straight onto her lap and lay down purring.

"See it is Jennifer," Jock admitted with resignation, "She was star turn down the whore house last night."&nbsp; 

Violet shrank back into her chair as the realisation struck home. "She got in with a bad crowd," Mike suggested, "Now the company feels obliged to make amends."

"What do you want?" Violet asked her voice quivering with the enormity of the situation..

Mike pulled his hand from Jennifer's shorts and explained, "It's about Jennifer, as you see she is not of sound mind, you could say she is insane, she acts about seven years old, now as next of kin it's really down to you folks to pay for her rehab, but as a gesture Walthers and Walthers will absolve you from that obligation, and reimburse you for consequent losses," he paused, "That is if you assign the next of kin rights to the company and agree the Company should serve as her guardian in your place."

Mike looked at the older woman, bigger breasted than Jessica her bra struggled and failed to defy gravity. he realised she was once a good looking woman herself, and he&nbsp; imagined how she might look if the sagging breast tissue could be firmed up, with inserts maybe.

"The company is willing to offer ten thousand dollars for Jessica, to cover your expenses and to avoid adverse publicity, by which we mean you will sign the declaration to confirm that she is not of sound mind and assign to the company legal guardianship over her and her property,"

Her dad asked "Cash"

"Sure" Mike agreed,

"How about Twenty." her dad tried. Mike shook his head. "Fifteen?" again a shake.

"Fifteen and I'll throw her in too." Jock laughed as he pointed at Violet.

Mike looked up in surprise, and stared straight into Jennifer's mother's startled eyes.

"Actually, we do need to do some tests on Mrs McAndrew to help us us understand Jennifer's&nbsp; condition, Mike explained, "and we had proposed to pay up to two thousand for expenses, but a legal guardianship order would certainly facilitate things."

"Five." Jock demanded.

"Fine, I have the papers, I just need to fill in the names, Angie, get my case." Mike smiled, candy from a baby, he thought.

"Don't I get a say in this?" asked Violet.

"No" said Jennifer, Jock and Mike together, and they laughed, as Violet sat fuming in the armchair. 

"It's just a legal technicality," Mike reassured her.

They sat around the table when Angie returned with the papers and Jock unknowingly signed his life away for fifteen thousand dollars.

Jock's eyes gleamed when Angie handed him the cash, he checked it three times, before he headed down to the basement to hide the cash.

"I guess we had better sort Jennifer's things out," Mike suggested.

"What are these tests?" Violet asked, changing the subject.

Mike reassured her "IQ tests and blood tests so we can project Jennifer's likely future responses, it's nothing to worry about."

"And five thousand dollars is a lot of money, Mummy." Jennifer confirmed.

"I think you should pack." Mike suggested, "You are going to have special treatment now."

Jennifer led Mike and Mo up to her room, they laid out her clothes and her childhood toys and disks in piles on her bed, and when when Angie came in with flat packed cardboard boxes they started to pack them away.

Mike looked out of Jennifer's bedroom window, the back lot stretched away toward the freeway just scrub land where Jock planned to keep cows when he bought the property, but the City would not issue a grazing permit without him providing a winter shelter and would nor permit a winter shelter in a residence zone, so his ten acre plot remained unused, hemmed on two sides by houses and the other by the freeway. 

Mike motioned for Angie and Mo to leave and gently held Jennifer by her waist as he slid her shorts down, he took a condom from her pocket and slid it over his erection then drove hard up into her willing ass hole. He sensed a change coming over her as she responded to her old familiar surroundings, she grew less childlike suddenly.

"You'll never know how many times I looked out of this window and dreamed someone would make love to me." she recounted.

"Hell this ain't love this is a fuck," he reached in his back pocket. "Here's twenty Dollars"

"You better fuck my cunt as well then because I don't have any change!" she smiled.

Mike was shocked, at her language, the pig tailed Jennifer never used such language, the Vitamins seemed to be wearing off allowing the adult Jennifer's&nbsp; personality come through again. he turned her over, changed condoms and drove into her pussy.

"Take that silly condom off and give me a baby." she whispered.

Mike shot his load in helpless excitement, he felt ashamed yet exhilarated, sure he wanted kids some time but was this mixed up slut playing with his emotions deliberately? he asked himself, he tested er state of mind with a question, he asked why her father was called Jock, when he had if anything a South side accent. 

"McAndrew, Scottish tenth generation," she confirmed. 

He began to worry but when he offered her some Vitamins from the bottle in his jacket pocket and she swallowed them down with the bottled water from her bedside table to his relief she visibly relaxed. 

The packing completed they carried the boxes outside to where a company Limo waited.

"Best get Jennifer back to the whorehouse." Mo suggested, "I suppose we best take her down town, I guess we won't beat that two thousand she made last Thursday."

Jennifer's mother took notice, "She made two thousand a night? for whoring|?"
"Yes." Mo agreed. "Nett."
"So why the fuck we put her through university?" asked Jennifer's dad.
"Two thousand a night?" she asked again.
"Yes, except she got a disease, that's why we need the guardianship ." Mo explained.

"No, I never fucked her," her father protested, seeing his wife's horrified look.

"I guess now we signed the forms that just leaves the Newspaper advertisement," Mo reminded them, "everybody that fucked Jennifer McAndrew bareback is entitled to a free VD check and their local Walthers and Walthers pharmacy" she reminded them "I'll get it in the Weekend Advertiser for Friday."

"But everyone will know Jennifer is a whore." protested her mother.

"It's Mr Scarlatti's orders, he don't want Jennifer leaving the program." Mo explained. 

Jennifer stood sadly in the hallway, and looked through the clear panel in the door as she waited,&nbsp; "May I go out and play Mummy," she asked.

Mike glanced at Mo and and smiled. "No dear we are going home."

"I am home, silly." Jennifer simpered.

Mike frowned at Mo, the regression was getting out of control.

"Come on Jennifer, lets see the nice men again," Mo suggested and she took Jennifer gently by the hand and led her to the Limo.

"I'll get a taxi," Mike shouted and Mo helped Jennifer to climb in the Limo and as soon as Angie joined them they headed back down town.

The Limo pulled into the loading dock beneath the east wing of Walthers and Walthers and Angie headed for the staff entrance while Mo led Jennifer past the dock and on inside the building a cold damp dimly lit workshop.

"Jennifer, you have a disease, so Mr Wyatt will quarantine you to stop you infecting anyone else," Mo informed her, "say Hello to Mr Wyatt."

Bill Wyatt looked at Jennifer, he remembered when she had been an executive PA, now she was just a diseased whore.

"Hello Mr Wyatt," Jennifer said pleasantly.

"You call me Sir, Y'hear you diseased whore," he snapped back, "Now get naked."

Jennifer looked at Mo, and Mo started to help her undress.

"I guess you want her sprayed quarantine yellow," Bill queried.

"Oh yes, just paint, no Tattoo, it's only a dose of Clammy not HiV or Hepatitus, so it's only for a couple of weeks tops, but I do love your work Bill." Mo simpered.

Jennifer looked at Bill as he pulled a face mask on and picked up a industrial paint gun which hissed quietly.

"I'll do a base of Yellow and hand paint the lettering when its dry." Bill suggested, do you want Diseased in full or just VD."

"I think VD" Mo suggested, "But can you spray panties and tights on like you did to Phillipa?"

"I can spray a Red Bra with itty bitty polka dots on too, if you want." he suggested.

"Yes excellent." Mo agreed.

The spray gun hissed as Bill started the compressor and Mo carefully wound Duck Tape around Jennifer's wrists binding them together in front of her and then Bill pointed to a rope coming down from a pulley in the ceiling and Mo looped one end around Jennifer's bound wrists then pulled the other end until Jennifer was forced to stand upright under the pulley, finally she scooped Jennifer's hair up shoved a big paper bag over her head and&nbsp; wrapped Duck tape round it to protect it.

"No," Jennifer wailed as the Yellow spray began to cover her, everything below her chin, "It's nasty,"

"Don't be silly, you're a big girl now." Mo chided her.

Bill expertly sprayed Jennifer's torso primrose yellow and then changed to a jar of matt black, he adjusted the pressures and started misting the black carefully up her legs, giving an effect like stockings before changing to a solid black for her "Stocking tops."

Her crotch he also sprayed Black to look like panties and then he took his brush and filled in the seam of the stockings down the back of her legs.

The red for the bra needed extreme skill so he changed the spray gun to an airbrush and after expertly painting red in a bra shape over her breasts, he again took the brush and filled in small white polka dots by hand..

Finally he wrote Diseased Whore in two inch letters and VD in Nine Inch letters across her Belly and a big V on her left breast and D on her right breast.

Bill wiped his hands on a piece of rag and went to his cupboard, he took out a few dildos and asked Mo which size. 

"Four, I think Bill, and a Three B Butt plug." she suggested. "Have you a screw type titty puller?" 

"Oh yeah, that's a good idea," Bill agreed. he rummaged in a drawer and produced a boxed set of tit pullers.

Jennifer looked confiused, "What areTitty pullers,?" 

Bill ignored her "I guess we get one made up when we know the size?" he suggested.

"It's temporary Bill," Mo suggested as Bill looped half a puller around each starburst which embellished her breasts fitting around her nipple held by the nipple rings, and then started to wind the adjuster in, the left and right hand threads pulling the nipples inwards.
 
Mo checked the cleavage gap as Jennifer's tits converged, "I'm no expert but I guess that feels like a cunt?" she suggested as she tore the bag away from Jennifer's face..

"What are you doing?" asked Jennifer finally as she realised something strange was happening.

"Its a precaution," explained Bill, "Some folk don't like rubbers so this way they can titty fuck you while you have the disease instead."&nbsp; he thought a while and as he cropped the spare thread from the puller shaft he said, "Hell lie back I'll show you."

He dropped his pants and his half hard penis flopped out, yet as loosened the rope and laid Jennifer down and straddled her hips with his knees his tool became erect and he started to slip it up between her tits.&nbsp; The dry un lubricated skin made his foreskin pull back awkwardly making him wince.

"It needs lube," Mo shouted and she took a bottle of cheap baby oil and splashed it in the cleft between Jennifer's breasts.

"Phew thats fucking good." Bill suggested, "Fucks better than most cunts." he said as he worked his tool up the narrow valley.

"Do you like it?" Mo asked and when Jennifer shook her head Mo tipped oil over her crotch and then worked the dildo into place. "better?" Mo asked but Jennifer's gasps made a reply superfluous. 

Bill grunted as his old grey spunk squirted over Jennifer's&nbsp; neck and chin and as he rolled off her,&nbsp; Mo rolled her over so she could get the Butt Plug in, it was tight but it slid in easily enough when Mo got the angle right and got her knee behind it.

"Now look Jennifer." Mo addressed her, "You can't work until you're clear of disease so for a week of so you will stay here at the loading dock in case any of the loaders needs anything, I will see you get Vitamins and some Glucose three times a day and Angie will pull your plug every two days but meantime you stay here."

"Where is the bathroom?" Jennifer asked.

"Piss down that drain," Mo suggested, "Oh and put these on."

Mo produced some rubberised mittens&nbsp; with thick straps which could be padlocked around the wearer's wrists, she pulled them over Jennifer's hands and locked the strap with two tiny padlocks. "I can't move my fingers" Jennifer complained.

"Best have matching shoes." Bill suggested,

The shoes were in black leather, high heeled with straps around the ankles but when she tred to stand Jennifer found them very uncomfortable.

"They hurt," Jennifer complained. "I can't walk." 

"They're for fucking not walking, they look sexy, that's the main thing, and you can always crawl." Mo suggested as she tightened the straps.

The door from the loading bay opened, "I got a package for Walthers and Walthers, floor B" a nondescript guy announced.

"Just putting a diseased whore in quarantine," Bill apologised, "Where's the other guys
"Unloading a Jimmy,"
"It sucks and Titty fucks just fine if you need anything?"
"No sir, no offence but I ain't that fucking desperate." the guy declared firmly before turning on his heel and heading back to his truck.
The guys from the Loading dock found Jennifer amusing, they remembered how she looked down on them when she arrived , and they cut a pack of cards to see who fucked her first, queueing up to fuck her tits as word got round that her tits fucked as good as most cunts.

They even put ten dollars each in for the first guy who could get spunk in her mouth as he titty fucked her.

Time sort of passed in a daze for Jennifer, sometimes she was given something to eat, but mostly the glucose and Vitamins kept her strength up and she would sit and dream until someone needed to use her. No body fucked her, no one removed the dildo and butt plug to give access to her diseased innards, but they still made use of her tits and mouth leaving her to use the edge of her mittens on her clit to provide some of the relief she needed. 

Jennifer was dreaming about pussies, the black one Mr Kitts and Fluffy the female when she heard a voice she recognised, she looked across the room and saw a familiar silhouette, someone from her past, her heart pounded, it was Elmer from her neighbourhood.&nbsp; The loser who used to fix her dad's car.

"Hi, Package for room thirteen twelve?"

"On the side kid, want to try our new titty-fuck?"

Elmer wandered over,

"Tits ain't big enough man, does it suck?" he asked.

"Like a grade A dream young man," Mo confirmed.

"Yeah, I could use a blow," he started to undo his pants.

Jennifer looked up helplessly at Mo.

"It's ok honey, just suck it right on down."

Jennifer braced herself for the assault of the vile smelling member but as the tip brushed her nose she was surprised to smell the clean aroma of soft soap and taste the slightly salty taste of a healthy cock, she wondered what his cum would be like as she tried to open wide enough to suck his balls inside.

"Fuck her son, this is a diseased whore not some girlfriend, you want her teeth out or something?"

"No sir" Elmer declaimed, "This is just fine, hell I'd pay two dollars just to fuck her mouth for an hour."

Elmer ran his hands through her hair.

"Needs slicking down how about I work some man mousse in it?" Elmer looked at Mo.

Bill replied "Hell yeah, then we can cover it with dust and shit off of the floor, make her look even cheaper, go to it son pull out and let fly."

Jennifer sucked as hard as she could but Elmer slid his penis from her mouth and as Mo came up behind him and expertly manipulated his shaft his seed shot out all over her face and forehead, Elmer scooped it up and worked it lovingly into Jennifer.s filthy blonde hair matting the pig tails, binding the strands with his glue.

The heard the sound of brushing and saw Bill sweeping he floor with a broom, he swept the dirt into a pan then added the contents of his ashtray and then came across and tipped it over Jennifer's head.

"She looks like the shit at the bottom of a garbage can." Bill laughed.

Jennifer wished she could stop her heart beating and die right there, Elmer the neighbourhood loser had just spunked all over her hair, and she was naked and covered in dirt, with diseased whore painted on her. She tried to cry but no tears came, but then Elmer squeezed her arm and smiled at her.&nbsp; Her heart leaped as she saw desire and lust in his gaze, not pity, lust, and suddenly her life did not seem so bad, at least she was not out in the rain.

Days passed slowly for Jennifer, most of the visiting drivers used her, most preferring to wank over her as the smell got worse, while elsewhere her world was changing.


---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

A Walthers and Walthers Limo collected Violet McAndrew at around Nine on the morning of the fifteenth, it dropped her at the Kincardine Foundation on Carlton at ten fifteen, and she woke from her "Tests" at three thirty.

Violet knew something was wrong as soon as she woke, her chest felt strangely heavy yet tender, she looked at her feet, they were missing, she panicked "What have you done to my feet?" she squealed as she struggled against the straps holding her down to the metal framed hospital bed.

"Nothing, why," Dr Michaels confirmed in surprise.

"I can't see them."

"It's your new titties silly." a nurse chirped, Violet looked at the girl whose breasts strained her uniform obscenely, like some grotesque caricature of a Porno film starlet in a naughty nurse outfit.

"Fanny's right, Mrs McAndrew, we intended them to be 34 E but well, maybe I got carried away."

"Lots of saggy skin, yuck," said the nurse whose name tag said Tiffany" I want boobies like that one day."

Violet&nbsp; looked at Tiffany's pouting breasts and looked again at the mountain of flesh now standing proudly from her own chest her sagging skin now stretched taut over the protuberances.

"You better hold them in your hands as you walk until we get some Bra's made." Tiffany suggested, "That's if you can walk!" she added mischievously.&nbsp;&nbsp; 

Violet looked again, she often wished she had better boobs, they sagged after she breast fed Jennifer and she often thought an extra couple of inches would make her more attractive, she backtracked her thought process, would perhaps make her attractive so she could dump the neighbourhood loser and find a real man.

"I suppose these are the tests I signed up to, Dr Michaels?"&nbsp; she asked.

"That's right." Mike Gordon replied, "But you got two weeks of rest and recuperation ahead of you so just relax."

"How can I" she was going to say relax when Dr Michaels gave her a whiff of gas and she went into a deep sleep once more.

"Shall we do the Elephants ears next Tiffany"

"Can I cut the cunt flaps doctor?" Tiffany pleaded.

"All right, but I'm not messing around, if you can't fist her it's too bad, it's very awkward to stitch up if I have to ease them."

"Yes Doctor, sorry doctor." she said&nbsp; wondering how long it would be before he needed to examine her breasts again.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Jock McAndrew was surprised when the Ambulance arrived, "Violet went in a Limo." he explained as two men in white coats came to the door.

"You are Angus Michael Rennie McAndrew." Steve Andersson asked.

"Sure" McAndrew replied.

"Then I have a State requisition for your detention under the mental health ordinance of 1897.

"What"

"Signed by the guardians in trusteeship of your next of kin Violet and Jennifer Mr McAndrew namely Mr Gordon of Walthers and Walthers inc."

"Hell," McAdrew's realised he had signed over his rights over Violet and Jennifer. "Hell this is wrong." he shouted but his arm was now up his back and Andersson's assistant was administering the injection to calm him.

Jock felt drowsy as he left his home for the last time, he noted there was a construction crew waiting along the street and he wondered where they were headed.

The Ambulance drove slowly away and as it disappeared over the crest of the hill the construction crews leapt into action. firing up the bulldozer and starting to take down the front fence of the McAndrew property.

The big Catterpillar D8 crunched through the back wall of the property about the same time Jock arrived at "Bound" Walthers and Walthers select club on the bluffs above the city.&nbsp; The old Bulldozer lost some more yellow paint revealing the former green US Marine colours it bore out in Nam as it systematically flattened the wood framed home and filled in the old basement burying Jocks cash, so by sundown there was just a neat asphalt apron leading to the building site in the old McAndrew place back lot.

Jock was just a plain old fashioned retard at heart, so the Bondage club came as a profound shock, fit guys in black leather and PVC with their manhoods dangling, or strapped up in little leather rigs with padlocks, and the smell of shit and lube and leather, he got real scared when her found his prick straining his pants like a junior tent pole and got really worried when he was taken to the room with the sizing rig.

Jock had no idea what a sizing rig did, but the adjustable rail at waist height and just a foot and a half or so back the obviously telescopic shaft, with a latex rubber cone on the end, emerging from the gunmetal grey cylinder mounted on a very strong but adjustable table at around ass hole height, gave him a pretty accurate guess as to what it did.

Mike Gordon just left instructions he was to be taken out of circulation for a while but Sadie LaGrand the principle trans-sexual correct-tress for the day shift had her own ideas.

"Hell I ain't no Ho-Mo" Jock protested as they pulled his pants down, pushed him up against the rail and lined the Yazumo Inc patent Anal-sizer probe slid up against his anus before opening the air valve and watching the probe dissappear up his anus with 25 psi showing on the gauge as Jock screamed in pain.

Takazumi Suzuki, Taku to his friends, operated the controls, he was a third year in electronics at Uni but he helped out with the machinery, and was the only person at "Bound" who could read the Japanese symbols in the instruction manual!

"Looks like its bottomed out"&nbsp; Taku, suggested.&nbsp; Shall I spread it?" he asked.

"Yeah," Sadie drawled. "Let me gag the wimp first." she dragged his jaws open and shoved a well chewed ball gag in his mouth and secured it with a leather belt around his head. 

"Can you connect the pain detector please?" Taku asked.

"Fuck the pain, he can die for all I care, Four inch." Sadie ordered.

Taku, manipulated the control so the centre remained locked and the outer slid over the inner's&nbsp; cone shape and began to expand, becoming spread ever wider and thicker under its tough rubber membrane.

Sinue tore, or was it bone split, the sound was much the same, a squelching crunching glopping sound, as McAndrews backside was stretched as never before and became as Sadie so eloquently described it,&nbsp; "something useful, not just something to shit through and talk out of."

"It's at Four, Miss Sadie,"&nbsp; Taku advised, "I'll pull it, ok?"

Sadie stared at the obscenely stretched rectum with the bloodied and shit stained sizing plunger waiting to withdraw.

"I was joking Taku" she said quietly.

"Sorry, not understand American humour," he lied.&nbsp; He retracted the outer element of the sizer, collapsing the spreader and reducing the diameter and then pulled the operating arm back manually.

Jock's ass hole gaped open obscenely and small lumps of shit and blood dripped onto the floor.

"Job for Faggot not technician" suggested Taku and they left the room together to find someone to clean McAndrew up.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The ten day cooling off period on the property deal between Mike Gordon acting for Jock, Violet and Jennifer&nbsp; McAndrew as Guardian, and on the other part Bruno Scarlatti of Walthers and Walthers. whereby Walthers purchased the McArthur property for Ten Thousand dollars, less Nine thousand Nine hundred Ninety Nine dollars expenses, passed&nbsp; as Jock explored his feminine side as he learned to suck cock on the Yazumo Inc Head-Traina at Bound, while at th same time Violet learned to walk again with her new and very impressive breasts and Jennifer tested the new variant Walthers vitamins as she recovered from a dose of VD in the filth of the loading bay.&nbsp; 

To be continued?,













 



 










Cast List.

Jennifer McAndrew
Mike Gordon
Conrad Walthers and Hermann Walthers
Walthers and Walthers
Mr Fellowes and this is Nurse Hancock,
Angie
Leroy Brown
,





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  A.Broadsword


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





