BDSM Library - A Step into Submission




A Step into Submission
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A favor for a friend turns into the first step towards complete submission at the feet of a cunning young domme.






This story is dedicated to Lady Orchid, Mystress, the Domme Corps and MystressWorld.com



I spent a great deal of time in that strange place between awake and asleep trying to convince myself I was not dreaming. 



The muscles in my shoulders and legs were clearly suggesting this was reality, I would never dream this kind of discomfort.&nbsp; The worst was I could not move to get comfortable.&nbsp; The little bit of motion I actually had only seemed to make it worse. 



The piece of fabric in my mouth, now well soaked in my saliva, was decidedly annoying.&nbsp; I could not spit it out all I could do was roll it around and around in my mouth. 



All I could smell was a woman.&nbsp; Every breath I took was filled with the scent of a woman.&nbsp; Not the sweet scent of perfume from the nape of a neck but the much more animalistic scent of a very aroused pussy.&nbsp; With every single breath I had no choice but to breathe it deeply into me. 



By far the worst though was my ass.&nbsp; It burned and ached to a level I could have never imagined.&nbsp; Slightly shifting positions to alleviate the pain only found three more painful spots to torment me.



Despite all of this I was horny.&nbsp; Oh God was I horny.&nbsp; My balls ached like never before.&nbsp; All I was aware of was my cock going from raging erection to half hard over and over again.&nbsp; This is what ultimately brought me out of my strange trance of pain and lust.&nbsp; I had to get some relief for my cock and balls, I had to cum, I could not stand it anymore.



I tried to get my bearings.&nbsp; The little bit of light streaming from the gap in the blinds suggested it was morning.&nbsp; I looked for the clock that had sat on my nightstand.&nbsp; I could faintly see the glow but it was facing away from me.&nbsp; I looked up at the restraints around my wrists and they remained as firmly attached to the headboard as when they had been first fastened.



It came rushing back.&nbsp; Doing Denise a favor, like I could deny her anything, the trip to the special club, realizing I was way over my head, having no choice but to play along, my wardrobe for the evening, hands all over me, humiliation, very turned on, the discipline bench, on my knees in front of Denise, my bound hands, licking Denise's pussy, bound to the bed, the teasing, the begging.



Oh shit! had that really happened?



My present circumstances would suggest so. 



I realize what is in my mouth and I again fail to spit it out.&nbsp; I remember Denise standing over me, I'm begging her to let me cum, begging her to untie me and instead she picks up my discarded thong and puts it in my mouth.&nbsp; I watch helplessly as she takes her panties and carefully places them over my nose.&nbsp; She runs one fingernail slowly up the length of my throbbing cock.

 

"Remember people get to cum, slaves get to "want" to cum," and she walked out.

 

I have no idea how long I have been here, I moan pittifully into my impromptu gag.&nbsp; All of a sudden the blinds are pulled up, blinding me, and my tormentor stands over me with a predatory smile.

 

She is dressed like any pretty young woman on her way to lunch but I am terrified of her.&nbsp; The experience from last night remains very clear.&nbsp; Beneath that ever so attractive and innocent exterior lies a tigress and I am fresh meat.

 

I moan trying to beg arround my gag and she just smiles.&nbsp; My cock immediately hardens for what feels to be thousandth time since this began.&nbsp; The ache in my balls returns with a vengence.&nbsp; Once again her fingernail traces a maddening line up the underside of my cock.&nbsp; I try to thrust my hips to get some more sensation but she just pulls her hand away.

 

She walks over to my dresser and picks up a camera.&nbsp; She starts to snap pictures of my predicament, finally slowing only to take some close-ups of my desparate cock and balls.

 

She sits down on the bed, flipping through the pictures, showing me a picture of my raging cock and finally speaks.&nbsp; "It's always important to have a good 'before' picture."

 

She readjusts her discarded panties over my nose and gets up and leaves the room.

 

I wait agonized, wanting to beg, wanting to ask a million questions, wanting to cum.&nbsp; None of which is meant to be.

 

She returns with a bowl of water and a towel.&nbsp; She folds the towel and having me lift my hips places it under my beaten ass.&nbsp; I moan in discomfort, but she ignores me.&nbsp; She returns once more with a razor, a can of shaving cream and a pair of scissors.&nbsp; I start to struggle.&nbsp; She calmly grabs both of my nipples and twists hard.

 

"Stop struggling!&nbsp; This is going to happen and you are going to accept it.&nbsp; Everyone saw how you reacted last night, I'm just going to help you reach your full potential.&nbsp; Besides we don't want any accidents do we?"

 

The snip, snip of the scissors ends my pathetic struggles.&nbsp; I watch helplessly as she gathers some of my pubic hair between her fingers and cuts it off with the scissors.&nbsp; The denuding of my groin contines mercilessly until nothing is left but stubble.

 

"See you already like your new look," she says laughing.&nbsp; To my dismay my cock continues to throb.&nbsp; Her casually moving it side to side to remove my pubic hair has done nothing to diminish my arousal.&nbsp; She takes more pictures.

 

She then shows me the can of shaving cream.&nbsp; "See it says 'Perfectly Smooth', just what you are going to be."

 

She carefully begins to lather my cock and balls, holds up the razor and says with a laugh, "Any last words?"

 

Ever so slowly I watch as she removes every last hair from my cock, balls and pubic area.&nbsp; As much as I am horrified at what is happening to me; my cock stays rock hard, relishing the sensation of my masculinity being stripped away stroke by careful stroke.&nbsp; A constant low moan fills my throat.&nbsp; For the first time in my life I wish my cock would soften, anything would be better than my betraying cock eagerly accepting the sensation of being emasculated.&nbsp; Before I know it the humiliating task is done.&nbsp; She takes a washcloth and wipes away the remaining shaving cream and a few stray hairs.&nbsp; Revealing a cock which I no longer recognize as my own.



"Much better," she claims carefully examining her handiwork, "and obviously you love your little boy look as well."&nbsp; I want to tell her that I hate what she has done to me, what she is turning me into, but all that comes out is pathetic moans.



She takes more pictures and chuckles, "I will give you two a few minutes to say good-bye."



I stare helplessly at my bare cock and balls, trying to will myself soft, anything to make it look like I am not hopelessly aroused by the treatment I am receiving.



She quickly returns and without a word places something very cold on my crotch.&nbsp; Seconds ago I was begging for the attention, now I am desperately trying to pull my cock and balls away from the ice pack.&nbsp; She seems to take a great deal of pleasure from my predicament as she strokes and teases my quickly shrinking cock.



Soon my cock looks more pathetic than ever.&nbsp; Not only is it completely hairless but now it is small and shrunken.&nbsp; I start to feel quite sorry for myself; that I can be manipulated and played with so easily.



Humming quietly to herself Denise pulls out a partial plastic ring of some kind and places it at the base of my cock and balls.&nbsp; "I think we can go smaller, don't you agree?" she says looking at me.&nbsp; I have no answer to give as she removes the first ring and replaces it with something smaller.



I watch helplessly as the ring is enclosed and a small plastic tube is produced.&nbsp; Now I recognize what she is doing!&nbsp; I have seen chastity devices before but never even imagined wearing one.&nbsp; I again try to pull my cock and balls away from her but all I get for my efforts is a reminder of how sore my ass is.&nbsp; She feeds my flaccid cock into the tube and produces a small padlock.



Looking me directly in the eyes Denise snaps the lock shut.



"Now listen carefully," she says without a trace of humor in her voice.&nbsp; "In a moment I am going to release you.&nbsp; You will go to the bathroom, remove the rest of this silly hair," she commands while running her fingers through my chest hair, "and this as well," stroking up and down my legs, "take a shower and come downstairs, we have a great deal to talk about."



"And don't bother getting dressed, you are well past that point," she says as she unties my arm from the bed and leaves the room.



I lie completely still, I am almost afraid to move.&nbsp; I painfully move my freed arm and reach down to touch my imprisoned genitals.&nbsp; I can feel nothing through the plastic and my fingers can find no gaps in the torturous device.&nbsp; I struggle to free myself and remove the distasteful gag I have been wearing for so long.&nbsp; I take my first clear breath in hours.&nbsp; I struggle to stand and find it easier to just crawl to the bathroom.



Over an hour later I am standing at the top of my stairs feeling like I have been placed into a different body.&nbsp; The removal of all of my body hair has made my skin exceedingly sensitive.&nbsp; The slightest breath of air gives me goosebumps.&nbsp; I look at myself in the mirror and see a feminized boy staring back at me.&nbsp; My ass is a mass of bruises and welts, with black and blue being broken only by angry red stripes.&nbsp; By far the worst is my cock and balls.&nbsp; The plastic prison keeps my cock pointed submissively downward.&nbsp; My cock is trying to get hard but the short tube makes it impossible.&nbsp; My erections are now rewarded with a dull ache and a maddening sense of blunted arousal.&nbsp; A small little padlock now completely controls my manhood and the key is in the possession of a very cunning woman.



I take a deep breath and take my first step towards complete submission.

I moan trying to beg arround my gag and she just smiles.&nbsp; My cock immediately hardens for what feels to be thousandth time since this began.&nbsp; The ache in my balls returns with a vengence.&nbsp; Once again her fingernail traces a maddening line up the underside of my cock.&nbsp; I try to thrust my hips to get some more sensation but she just pulls her hand away.

 

She walks over to my dresser and picks up a camera.&nbsp; She starts to snap pictures of my predicament, finally slowing only to take some close-ups of my desparate cock and balls.

 

She sits down on the bed, flipping through the pictures, showing me a picture of my raging cock and finally speaks.&nbsp; "It's always important to have a good 'before' picture."

 

She readjusts her discarded panties over my nose and gets up and leaves the room.

 

I wait agonized, wanting to beg, wanting to ask a million questions, wanting to cum.&nbsp; None of which is meant to be.

 

She returns with a bowl of water and a towel.&nbsp; She folds the towel and having me lift my hips places it under my beaten ass.&nbsp; I moan in discomfort, but she ignores me.&nbsp; She returns once more with a razor, a can of shaving cream and a pair of scissors.&nbsp; I start to struggle.&nbsp; She calmly grabs both of my nipples and twists hard.

 

"Stop struggling!&nbsp; This is going to happen and you are going to accept it.&nbsp; Everyone saw how you reacted last night, I'm just going to help you reach your full potential.&nbsp; Besides we don't want any accidents do we?"

 

The snip, snip of the scissors ends my pathetic struggles.&nbsp; I watch helplessly as she gathers some of my pubic hair between her fingers and cuts it off with the scissors.&nbsp; The denuding of my groin contines mercilessly until nothing is left but stubble.

 

"See you already like your new look," she says laughing.&nbsp; To my dismay my cock continues to throb.&nbsp; Her casually moving it side to side to remove my pubic hair has done nothing to diminish my arousal.&nbsp; She takes more pictures.

 

She then shows me the can of shaving cream.&nbsp; "See it says 'Perfectly Smooth', just what you are going to be."

 

She carefully begins to lather my cock and balls, holds up the razor and says with a laugh, "Any last words?"

 

Ever so slowly I watch as she removes every last hair from my cock, balls and pubic area.&nbsp; As much as I am horrified at what is happening to me; my cock stays rock hard, relishing the sensation of my masculinity being stripped away stroke by careful stroke.&nbsp; A constant low moan fills my throat.&nbsp; For the first time in my life I wish my cock would soften, anything would be better than my betraying cock eagerly accepting the sensation of being emasculated.&nbsp; Before I know it the humiliating task is done.&nbsp; She takes a washcloth and wipes away the remaining shaving cream and a few stray hairs.&nbsp; Revealing a cock which I no longer recognize as my own.



"Much better," she claims carefully examining her handiwork, "and obviously you love your little boy look as well."&nbsp; I want to tell her that I hate what she has done to me, what she is turning me into, but all that comes out is pathetic moans.



She takes more pictures and chuckles, "I will give you two a few minutes to say good-bye."



I stare helplessly at my bare cock and balls, trying to will myself soft, anything to make it look like I am not hopelessly aroused by the treatment I am receiving.



She quickly returns and without a word places something very cold on my crotch.&nbsp; Seconds ago I was begging for the attention, now I am desperately trying to pull my cock and balls away from the ice pack.&nbsp; She seems to take a great deal of pleasure from my predicament as she strokes and teases my quickly shrinking cock.



Soon my cock looks more pathetic than ever.&nbsp; Not only is it completely hairless but now it is small and shrunken.&nbsp; I start to feel quite sorry for myself; that I can be manipulated and played with so easily.



Humming quietly to herself Denise pulls out a partial plastic ring of some kind and places it at the base of my cock and balls.&nbsp; "I think we can go smaller, don't you agree?" she says looking at me.&nbsp; I have no answer to give as she removes the first ring and replaces it with something smaller.



I watch helplessly as the ring is enclosed and a small plastic tube is produced.&nbsp; Now I recognize what she is doing!&nbsp; I have seen chastity devices before but never even imagined wearing one.&nbsp; I again try to pull my cock and balls away from her but all I get for my efforts is a reminder of how sore my ass is.&nbsp; She feeds my flaccid cock into the tube and produces a small padlock.



Looking me directly in the eyes Denise snaps the lock shut.



"Now listen carefully," she says without a trace of humor in her voice.&nbsp; "In a moment I am going to release you.&nbsp; You will go to the bathroom, remove the rest of this silly hair," she commands while running her fingers through my chest hair, "and this as well," stroking up and down my legs, "take a shower and come downstairs, we have a great deal to talk about."



"And don't bother getting dressed, you are well past that point," she says as she unties my arm from the bed and leaves the room.



I lie completely still, I am almost afraid to move.&nbsp; I painfully move my freed arm and reach down to touch my imprisoned genitals.&nbsp; I can feel nothing through the plastic and my fingers can find no gaps in the torturous device.&nbsp; I struggle to free myself and remove the distasteful gag I have been wearing for so long.&nbsp; I take my first clear breath in hours.&nbsp; I struggle to stand and find it easier to just crawl to the bathroom.



Over an hour later I am standing at the top of my stairs feeling like I have been placed into a different body.&nbsp; The removal of all of my body hair has made my skin exceedingly sensitive.&nbsp; The slightest breath of air gives me goosebumps.&nbsp; I look at myself in the mirror and see a feminized boy staring back at me.&nbsp; My ass is a mass of bruises and welts, with black and blue being broken only by angry red stripes.&nbsp; By far the worst is my cock and balls.&nbsp; The plastic prison keeps my cock pointed submissively downward.&nbsp; My cock is trying to get hard but the short tube makes it impossible.&nbsp; My erections are now rewarded with a dull ache and a maddening sense of blunted arousal.&nbsp; A small little padlock now completely controls my manhood and the key is in the possession of a very cunning woman.



I take a deep breath and take my first step towards complete submission.









This story is dedicated to Lady Orchid, Mystress, the Domme Corps and MystressWorld.com



As I walk down the stairs I try to muster some kind of rebellion within myself.&nbsp; How can I so easily let this happen?&nbsp; Not even 24 hours ago I was a normal guy, so average that being described as a nice guy was a compliment.&nbsp; Now I am walking down my own staircase naked but for a cruel plastic prison that now binds my cock and balls.&nbsp; Not just naked, that would almost be normal.&nbsp; I'm bare.&nbsp; Not a hair remains below my eyes.&nbsp; I have never felt so exposed and vulnerable in my life.



Still I take step after step.&nbsp; My cock continues to try to get hard, my balls ache with need.&nbsp; Every part of my body is hypersensitive to the slightest sensation.&nbsp; That is every part but the part that needs it the most, my captive cock.&nbsp; I try to will myself soft, try to gain some kind of control, but the weight of the cage, the tightness of the ring around my cock and balls constantly remind me of my predicament. 



I start to think that my new chastity device must have been invented by a particularly cruel woman.&nbsp; I can see my cock, but I cannot touch it.&nbsp; I try to put it out of my mind but I cannot ignore the sensations it forces upon me, I cannot get hard, I cannot get feel anything other than bound and controlled.&nbsp; The sensation is maddening in the extreme.



I take a deep breath and step into my living room.&nbsp; Denise sits in my favorite chair, working away on my laptop.&nbsp; She notices me standing in the doorway and I once again see a predatory smile.



"Come stand right here," she motions to a spot in front of her, "Hands behind your head, feet spread."&nbsp; I take position in front of her finding myself not able to do anything but stare submissively at the floor.&nbsp; Once again the camera starts to flash.&nbsp; I feel my heart begin to pound and my face begin to flush.&nbsp; I sense her stand up and move behind me, again the damnable camera flashes, now recording my tortured backside.



Once again I try to find some sense of rebellion in me but nothing materializes.&nbsp; Am I actually enjoying this?



I feel her hands come around my body and start to stroke and caress my chest.&nbsp; I momentarily release my hands from behind my head.



She grabs my nipples hard, "Don't move!" she commands.&nbsp; I once again lock my hands behind my head.



She continues to caress my chest, my stomach, my thighs, my imprisoned cock and balls.&nbsp; I try not to react but constant low moan starts in the back of my throat.&nbsp; Suddenly she grabs my ass hard, the low moan turns into a yelp of pain.&nbsp; I hear her make a soft sound of pleasure from behind me.



Again her hands begin to explore my chest and back.&nbsp; My cock is rages inside its small cage.



"Do you like your new look?" she whispers into my ear.



I finally find a voice which sounds quite pathetic even to me.&nbsp; "No," I reply.



Immediately my nipples are once again grabbed and twisted, only this time she does not let go.&nbsp; "Wrong answer," she whispers.&nbsp; I try to have a rational thought as she continues to twist and pinch my nipples mercilessly.&nbsp; I can feel her breath in my ear, her body pressed against my back.



"Yes?" I question trying to stand still.



"Wrong answer," she again breathes in my ear, twisting even harder.&nbsp; I yelp in pain feeling tears starting to form.



"Say: I love my new look, Mistress," she whispers in my ear.&nbsp; I repeat her instructions.&nbsp; She twists harder.&nbsp; "Sound like you mean it," she says starting to bite my ear.



"I love my new look, Mistress!" I plead, my hands starting to ache from the effort of not moving them.



"Say: I love being a smooth, hairless little slut," she growls into my ear.



"I love being a smooth, hairless little slut," I proclaim.



"Good boy, kneel."&nbsp; Denise says triumphantly.



I almost fall to my knees, my heart pounding, my breath ragged.



"Put your hands behind your back and leave them there," she commands.



Any illusion of rebellion on my part is lost, it is just easier to obey.&nbsp; Denise snaps some more pictures of me, I wonder why she continues to have to record my humiliation when I see something new sitting on my coffee table.&nbsp; For the first time in my life I actually feel my eyes widen and my mouth drop as I see the pictures.



A picture of me down on all fours, wearing nothing but a tight little thong, my ass high in the air kissing some woman's high heel clad foot.&nbsp; Another of me in the same position, now carefully licking what looks to be a man's boot.&nbsp; A picture of me, now naked, bent over, tears running down my face as a paddle in the background is raised to strike my ass.&nbsp; Me on my knees sporting a very hard cock leaning forward to kiss a very shapely woman's ass.&nbsp; Another, still on my knees, still with a raging hard on, now licking some guy's leather covered crotch.&nbsp; Me tied to my bed, a pair of panties carefully arranged over my nose, still sporting a very hard cock although now the cock is hairless.&nbsp; Picture after picture, each one forcing me to relive the moments of the last 18 hours.



Denise catches me looking at the pictures and smiles, "By the way, you are out of photo paper.&nbsp; Don't worry though, I've sent all these pictures home so I can print out any you are missing."



"Now I want you to listen to me very carefully," Denise says leaning forward in her chair.&nbsp; "It is very obvious to me, and anyone that saw your little performance last night, and anyone that sees these pictures, that you are a submissive.&nbsp; You may not have recognized this in yourself, but it is very clear that your cock has and a boy's cock never lies.&nbsp; You are going to be my slave, my slut, my whore, my sissy and any other role I choose for you.&nbsp; As long as I have known you I suspected you were submissive and I am very pleased that my initial suspicions were right.&nbsp; I just had to get you in the right place at the right time."



She leans back in the chair a very clear look of triumph on her face.



"Now you may try to deny this but all these pictures suggest otherwise," she says very seriously, picking up a picture of me kneeling in my thong my erection clearly evident, "and I would hate to have to start making these pictures more public."



I look at her intently trying to decide if she is bluffing.&nbsp; She returns my look and I instantly know she is not bluffing.&nbsp; My eyes drop under her unyielding stare.



"Good boy," she says, "Now it's time for you to learn some new words, say: Please let me be your slave, Mistress."



I swallow and take several breaths, I know I do not really have any choice and ask myself several times; Am I enjoying this?&nbsp; Before I even realize I am speaking it comes from my lips.



"Please let me be your slave, Mistress."



All I can hear is the blood rushing through my ears, my own ragged breath as I kneel before her.&nbsp; I ask again, "Please let me be your slave, Mistress."



Finally, she rises from the chair, steps to me and running her fingers through my hair says, "Oh yes my little submissive you may be my slave, and much more."



I feel a barrier fall inside me and realize yet another step has been taken.









This story is dedicated to Mistress Marianne, Mystress, the Domme Corps and MystressWorld.com





I knelt at her feet as Denise gently stroked my hair.&nbsp; My begging to be her slave had broken down barriers in me I was not even sure I had.&nbsp; I felt a huge weight had been lifted off my shoulders.&nbsp; Had the fantasy become reality?



She broke the silence, "Now my slave the time has come for you to properly take your place and worship your Mistress."



She stepped back and placing her hands on her hips said, "But first you must beg for the privilege."



I imagined the picture we must present.&nbsp; Denise dressed for a normal Saturday out and about, standing above me, the epitome of feminine power.&nbsp; Me on my knees, smooth and hairless, naked but for the chastity device that imprisoned my straining cock.&nbsp; I swallowed trying to find the words.&nbsp; Considering all the begging she had already made me do it should have come easily but I found myself struggling to find the words that would please her.



A part of me wanted to rebel.&nbsp; To be begging to give oral sex just felt so needy, so deprived, but considering my performance over the last day or so it was hardly outside my new character.



"Please allow me to worship you Mistress," I begged.



"So you want to be my little pussy licker?" she taunted, still towering over me.



"Please Mistress, let me worship you, let me lick you, I will do anything you want me to," I now begged becoming more and more urgent.



"Oh yes, my little slave you will do absolutely everything I require of you.&nbsp; Your performance last night was very poor and I expect much better from you.&nbsp; Come here."



"You may remove my shorts," she commands.



I reach up with trembling hands and carefully undo her shorts, slowly sliding them down her long legs.&nbsp; She stepped out of the shorts, motioning I should place them carefully on the couch.



She stepped forward grabbing my hair and holding me inches from her panty covered pussy.



"Now kiss me and ask me again," she commanded.



I carefully leaned forward the remaining inches and placed the most gentle and passionate kiss I could to her silk covered womanhood.&nbsp; The kiss lingered, the silky fabric brushing against my lips.&nbsp; I drew her scent deeply into me.&nbsp; A scent I was now very familiar with; a scent that seemed to penetrate right through me.



I reluctantly drew back.



"Please, oh please Mistress allow me the honor of servicing you, kissing you, licking you," I begged.



She lifted my chin to look me in the eyes.&nbsp; All resistance, all rebellion disappeared, all I wanted to do was please this woman, ego be damned.



"Remove my panties," she said in a heavy voice.



I reached up and carefully slid the silky white thong from her hips.&nbsp; As I went to set her thong next to her carefully laid out shorts she said, "Kiss them."



I placed a kiss to the panties and carefully laid them on the couch.&nbsp; As I looked up she once again stood before me, hands on hips.&nbsp; A goddess contemplating a servant.



I felt a momentary brush of humiliation as I looked at her well trimmed pussy.&nbsp; She now had more body hair than I did.&nbsp; She turned, giving me a look at her well rounded ass and made her way to my favorite chair.&nbsp; She looked over her shoulder catching me looking at her ass, "Like what you see, slut?"



I felt like a child caught with his hand in the cookie jar, "Yes Mistress," I mumbled.



"Don't worry you will be worshiping it soon enough."



She sat down in my easy chair bidding me forward with the crick of her finger.



I staggered forward on already sore knees.&nbsp; She placed one of her legs over my shoulder drawing me closer; the other leg spread wide giving me complete access to her exquisite pussy.&nbsp; I brought my hands up to place on her hips; I had to touch more of this goddess.



She grabbed my ear roughly," Oh no, none of that, place your hands behind your back and leave them there, I am only interested in that mouth and tongue of yours."



I reluctantly placed my hands behind my back.



Still holding my ear she said, "Now listen carefully.&nbsp; You will do exactly as I say.&nbsp; You have a great deal to learn and I expect complete obedience.&nbsp; Your little cock is going to stay locked up until I am satisfied that your only concern is pleasing your Mistress.&nbsp; Now we shall begin."



Immediately she started to give me commands.&nbsp; Gentle kisses to her thighs, loving kisses to her pubic hair, long slow licks to her labia, gentle nibbles.&nbsp; At once everything else fell away, my sore knees, my aching cock, and my humiliation at being so used.&nbsp; All I could do was follow her commands as her breathing got heavier.&nbsp; I have no idea how long I spent between her thighs feverish obeying her commands when she suddenly shook with a powerful orgasm.&nbsp; Despite everything else I was feeling I could not help but to feel a rush of pride that I had provided her such pleasure.&nbsp; I started to lean back, anxious to rest my tongue and jaw. 



Once again she grabbed my ear, "Where do you think you are going?" she scolded.



Once again the commands started, me gently cleaning her juices from her pubic hair, more long slow licks, and more gentle nibbles.&nbsp; She once again tensed as another orgasm took her.&nbsp; She moaned softly, a sound I will never forget and would long to hear over and over again.



Finally she allowed me to sit back.&nbsp; As I knelt there on aching knees, my cock absolutely raging inside its small cage I looked up at her and could think of no other place I would rather be.









This story is dedicated to Mistress Marianne, Mystress and all the Domme Corps of MystressWorld.com.



I took deep breaths drawing the scent of Denise deeply into me.&nbsp; The taste of her filled my mouth.&nbsp; I could not even lift my eyes to look at her.&nbsp; Even with the memories of last night, I could not remember ever being so controlled, so dominated.&nbsp; I shuffled on my knees trying to find a comfortable position but I quickly gave up, accepting the pain and discomfort as part of my new role. 



My cock raged in its cage.&nbsp; The submissive half erection it was being forced into was driving me crazy.&nbsp; My balls ached with my need to cum.&nbsp; All I wanted to do was curl into a little ball on the floor; but I remained on my knees at Denise's feet waiting for her next command.



Finally she stood, taking my chin into her hand and forcing me to look into her eyes.&nbsp; I saw satisfaction, amusement and power in her deep blue eyes and realized that she was enjoying herself far too much to relinquish her hold on me. 



She looked down and said, "Tsk, Tsk somebody seems to have made a mess.&nbsp; Good little slave boys always clean up their messes."&nbsp; I looked down and saw a puddle of precum that had leaked from my captive cock glistening on the floor.&nbsp; I looked around trying to decide how to clean up my humiliating discharge.



"Your tongue will do just fine, slut," she commanded.&nbsp; I looked up at her, hoping for some pity, but those deep blue eyes had none.&nbsp; The small sliver of pride I had been clinging to from bringing her to orgasm instantly evaporated.&nbsp; I shuffled backwards on my knees and leaned forward.&nbsp; The humiliation of the moment almost crushed me as my hesitant tongue started to lap up my precum from the floor.



The camera once again recorded my humiliation.&nbsp; Somewhere deep inside me a part of me screamed.&nbsp; It was bad enough to have to commit these humiliating acts but to have them being constantly recorded was mortifying.&nbsp; Little souvenirs that Denise could savor whenever and however she wished.&nbsp; I also realized that with every picture Denise gained more and more hold over me.



Finally I sat back and Denise put down the camera and stroked my hair saying what a good boy I was. 



"Now my little submissive that is a good rule for you to keep in mind.&nbsp; Little slave boys always, always, clean up their messes."&nbsp; Denise laughed and I cringed at what that might mean.



She squatted down in front of me and taking one of her delicate fingers gently stroked the little bit of my cock head that was exposed by the small chastity cage.&nbsp; The effect was electric.&nbsp; My sensation deprived cock jumped at the gentle stroke covering her finger with more precum.&nbsp; She brought it up between us and simply said, "Lick"



My tongue once again snaked forward and tasted my frustration.&nbsp; Again she reached down and stroked me.&nbsp; I moaned deep in my throat.&nbsp; Once again the finger was brought to my lips.&nbsp; "Suck," she commanded.



Over and over, the obscene little ritual repeated.&nbsp; Denise stroking the tiniest bit of my cock that remained exposed, my frustrated cock eagerly pumping out more and more precum, my tongue reaching for taste after humiliating taste.&nbsp; Finally she just held her finger up between us, my tongue reaching once again.&nbsp; "Oh stop it," she giggled, as she carefully coated my lips with my discharge.



"You look good with cum on your face, "she said mockingly, "suits you."&nbsp; I once again felt my ears burn in humiliation.&nbsp; "But I would like to go out and you can hardly go out in public looking like such a boy slut," Denise said standing up.&nbsp; "Don't move, I'll be back."



I watched her leave the room remembering her comment about how I would be worshiping her ass.&nbsp; I licked my lips unconsciously, once again tasting myself.&nbsp; As I knelt there afraid to move I looked at her shorts and silky thong carefully laid out on my couch.&nbsp; I looked at the piles of humiliating pictures scattered across my coffee table and I looked at my chair.&nbsp; My big old chair.&nbsp; I realized I would never see that chair quite the same way again now that I had spent who knows how long servicing Denise as I knelt before it.



Finally Denise returned and handed me a little pink thong.&nbsp; I looked up at her horrified that she was going to make me wear it.



"Don't be silly," she said down to me seeing my confusion.&nbsp; "Kiss them."&nbsp; I carefully place a kiss to the tiny little panties. 



"Hold them out."



I hold out the panties and slowly draw them up to her hips.



"Kiss them again."&nbsp; I carefully lean forward and place a gentle kiss to her thong covered pussy.&nbsp; "Don't you think you should thank me?"



I realize what she is asking and feel another bit of resistance fall.



"Thank you Mistress for allowing me to worship you." I almost whisper.



"Again," she admonishes.



"Thank you Mistress for allowing me to worship you." I say louder.



"Better," she says, "but you really should be more grateful."



"Now go upstairs and wash your face," she points toward the stairs.&nbsp; "We are going out; I have put what you are to wear on your bed.&nbsp; Nothing else.&nbsp; She says with a firm tone.&nbsp; "Oh and slave," she says as I struggle to my feet, "shave off that silly beard.&nbsp; You are going to be spending a great deal of time licking pussy from now on and a smooth face is much more comfortable to sit on."



I stagger up the stairs trying to reconcile how I became such a prisoner in my own body.&nbsp; I remember the pictures, the now omnipresent chastity cage, and realize on some level I must have desired this.&nbsp; However the almost crushing humiliation remains and underneath it all a raging arousal.&nbsp; The arousal is overwhelming, clouding every thought, every action and perhaps worst of all I see no relief until my new Mistress desires to grant me the release that I am now constantly craving.



I look at my own cum covered face and sigh deeply.&nbsp; My beard of three years is about to be removed by my own hand and I question how much farther I can fall.&nbsp; The answer of course was quickly becoming very obvious.&nbsp; As far as Denise desired me to go.



I quickly shave my beard before I lose my nerve.&nbsp; I look at myself in the mirror and it was like I was seeing myself for the first time.&nbsp; My smooth face, "to improve my pussy licking," my hairless body, my locked up cock, I looked and felt like a boy slave.&nbsp; It took me a long time to recognize myself and it embarrassed me to see myself like this.



I wandered into my bedroom and I saw my new wardrobe.&nbsp; It looked far more innocent than my overactive imagination had imagined.&nbsp; I picked up the running shirt and slipped it on.&nbsp; It was far tighter than I would have normally worn but not unlike what you see some guys wearing to the gym.&nbsp; I picked up the running shorts.&nbsp; They were almost weightless.&nbsp; I slipped them on and noticed some very concerning alterations.&nbsp; The drawstring had been removed but more frightening; the liner had been removed.&nbsp; As they settled around my hips I felt like I was wearing nothing.&nbsp; I examined myself in the mirror and tried to convince myself that I looked like someone going to the gym.&nbsp; I could not deny however that I felt very exposed and vulnerable in the almost weightless clothing.



I started down my stairs to see Denise placing my wallet in her purse and picking up my car keys.



She stopped me and motioned for me to turn around.&nbsp; "Nice; the shorts could be tighter but it will have to do," she said hurrying me out the door.





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Davus


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





