BDSM Library - Gameshow




Gameshow
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Six strangers sign up to appear on Fort Bondage.  Can they contain their orgasms to win the prize or will they be sentenced to a potentially endless punishment?






Waking up in the van with my arms and legs secured to the walls wearing thick boots, a thick black leather collar and a tight leather posing pouch. Opposite three sleeping girls chained spreadeagled with black knee high leather boots, black collars and black rubber thongs. Either side of me, two men shackled to the wire grid via the clips on our leather cuffs and leather belts round our boots. The light in our moving cell came from a screen showing femdom porn where slaves of both sexes were punished by goddess like dommes. Add to this the sight of each girl slowly coming too, struggling against their bonds and then realising they were completely helpless as were the men straining to escape opposite them and it was no wonder my cock was as hard as hell, with a thickness boosted by the cock ring so thoughtfully pre-fitted during my drug induced sleep along with the rest of our outfits. As all six slaves awoke, the heat in our compartment rose and the sweat became more profuse. any moans of protest... or pleasure were lost amongst the cries of the pornstars on screen. We would soon be joining them.



The truck came to a stop and the doors were thrown open. two closely-cropped and very well-built women wearing headsets climbed in. a blindfold was fitted to the guy to my left and then my vision was cut off. the women went about their work in silence save for the sounds of heavy breathing and the occasional clanking as someone would pull against their restraints. in time i heard footsteps as the guy next to me was led away and out. it was my turn soon.



My legs were unbuckled and the clips on my cuffs released. however there was only temporary relief as through gloved hands of the women worked quickly to connect my hands by my arse with a small but strong chain running through the thong back of my pouch. i was led to the entrance of the van before being lifted by the amazons to the floor. i felt something being attached to the collar before i was led away occasionally being whipped by what must have been a riding crop when i stumbled. the short stinging attacks on my arse and balls made me gasp with pain. 



now inside a hot room - i figured they must be studio lights. my lead was detached and my hands were unclasped before being reshackled with my arms stretched up above my head. by stretching my fingers i could feel cold steel bars. and behind me, very close, i could feel someone. my suspicion that it was the other guy was confirmed when one of the women said 'James, meet Todd. you'll get to know each other very well'. as i felt his hot breath against my neck and occasionally his leather covered bulge between my cheeks i could well believe it. my blindfold was removed and i surveyed our predicament.



We were trapped in a cage designed for no more than four people. to all sides there were tv cameras and women similar in appearance to the two that helped me into the studio. their uniform consisted of black bras, tight pvc trousers and judging from the underwear poking out of the tops of them, tiny black g-strings were compulsory too. the girls went about their business affectionally greeting their colleagues through kisses, strokes or gentle spanks. this was very much a lesbian production.



I turned round to talk to Todd. he was a man-mountain with huge shoulders and arms, his muscles all the more pronounced for his straining against his shackles. his lower half was equally well proportioned - his pouch fighting a losing battle to contain his huge cock. 'Its going to get pretty wild in here' he warned. just then the next guest was installed. a beautiful tall gothic looking girl with great eye make up, blood red lipstick and tattoos was dragged into the prison and chained into position in front of me. the cramped dimensions of the cell meant her quivering arse had no choice but to be bisected by my proud cock whilst i was forced back further onto todds bulge. I tried to clench my buttocks to keep him at bay but only succeeded in gripping his prick inducing a low groan and some deep breaths. 'Jackie the guy with his cock between those cute cheeks is James who in turn has Todd at his rear entrance.' laughed one of the henchwomen. I looked down at the painted back in front of me down to her rubber thong and grew just a little harder. i tried to reassure her... 'dont worry i'll look after you'. 'silence' hissed the henchwoman and reached between the bars for a telescopic spreader bar and extended it as far as it could go. i was helpless to stop her dragging my legs apart before the thick cuffs were secured around my boots some 3 feet from each other. i realised how vulnerable my asshole was with two inadequately skimpy pieces of material between me and todd as his bulge made further advances. at the same time the head of my cock was lowered so it rested menacingly against Jackie's rear entrance. and there we hang, a sweaty slave sandwich with me as the filling.



Mai Ling is next to be led into the cell. She seems to be enjoying the whole ordeal far too much... back in the truck she was gyrating against her bounds and looking over to the men imploring us to fuck her. Her handcuffs had been hooked to the cell and before her blindfold had been removed she began rubbing her rubber-covered crotch against todds left leg. todd found this a much more appealing prospect than being trapped between my legs and managed to struggle free and turn to face Mai Ling. The oriental beauty with straight jet black hair and a sensational dragon tattoo pulled herself up so her legs were in the air and wrapped her lower limbs round todds muscular arse. i could feel her left thigh against my arse and when she began to the squeeze her muscles as she rubbed her pussy against todds leather-covered package i couldn't help but move against jackie's arse. she groaned in response, not in protest but in pleasure and began moving back at me. the four of us were gasping for breath as we became a single gyrating entity.



Proceedings were brought to an abrupt halt as a huge black slave joined us in our prison. the henchwomen chained clive into position which meant his right leg was touching my spread-out left pin. rather than the leather pouchs straining to contain todd and myself, Clive wore a jockstrap rendering his arsehole open. i looked down at clives inevitably massive bulge and noticed that the front of his jockstrap looked like it could be easily detached. pondering why this might be i was rudely awoken by the return of Todds manhood, harder than ever after Mai Lings intervention as he was whipped into line. Mai Ling's groan of frustration quickly subsided as she focussed on a new target and straining forward managed to wrap her legs around clives right leg. clive didnt dare turn round to face her given the close attention of the minders who were now leading the final contestant into the pen.



crystal was an amazonian black woman with huge breasts and an impressive arse. the standard issue costumes meant that her rubber thong disappeared between her cheeks. she was chained into position to join Jackie at the front of the cage impaled on Clives package. 



Just then the monitors around our cell flickered into life and the red light on the camera in front of us was lit. the vision of all 6 of us in the cage was something to behold. jackie was still with her eyes shut gently rocking backwards and forewards over my cock. crystal was swaying more from side to side almost in an attempt to dislodge the impossibly tight strip of rubber from her crack to let clives member enter her if freed from its leather prison. i was gritting my teeth steeling myself for what was to come and as a sign of the effort i was putting in to keep todds erection at bay. Clive was emitting a low groan as Crystal massaged his cock with her cheeks as Mai Ling rubbed against his legs. Todd just hung there between my legs with no more space to retreat to. all of us were now covered in sweat with Jackies raven hair matted to her face. however some of us weren't how the horny production team wanted us and Crystal and Clive were soon covered in glistening body oil infused with what must have been pheromones. as our black colleagues slid against each other - well as much as their chains, the steel bars and our prone bodies would allow suddenly the teams desire levels went through the roof. Just as Todd was building up a rhythm behind me driving my bursting cock to nearly entering Jackie whilst mai lings increasingly desperate gasps revealed how close she was to her first forced orgasm more lights came on, the cameras started rolling and into the spotlight walked mistress. 



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Dark Wand


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





