BDSM Library - The Birthday Present




The Birthday Present
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A wife gives her husband his fantasy of her being used as his birthday present         






The Birthday Film

Sue had wanted to give her husband, Geoff, something special for his birthday. She had given herself - she had promised to do whatever he wanted, no restrictions whatever,

Geoff told her he wanted to see her with a couple of men - not just see her but have it filmed, the men free to do whatever they wanted and the video to record it so he could remind himself whenever he wanted.

Having promised, she was as good as her word and agreed. They had often fantasised about him giving her to other men and now it was to happen.

Geoff had a contact who sold blue videos and who he knew also made them to order so he had gone to Dave to set up the evening. He explained to Dave that he wanted a video of Sue being fucked in all sorts of positions by a couple of men, big men who would be firm with her, demanding but not violent. He wanted to see her pushed and stretched beyond her normal boundaries and Dave said he would arrange it. He agreed that it would be a one-off video, no copies to be made and a price was agreed and paid in advance.

Geoff had Sue remove her pubic hair that afternoon so the camera would see everything and she dressed without underwear so there would be no marks on her body from bra straps or pants. After quite a few drinks, they set off in a taxi for the studio run by Dave. Sue got out of the taxi and followed Geoff to the door where they were greeted by Dave and quickly shown into a very well heated lounge with an adjoining door which was partly open and they could see a large bed surrounded by photographic lights on stands.

Geoff took Sue's coat, leaving her standing with just a filmy blouse which clearly showed the outline of her breasts and nipples, a shortish skirt which was full and loose, her tanned legs looking longer than usual in high heels.

Dave stood back to admire her, the camera already running although she did not realise - Geoff wanted a complete record of the whole evening.

Dave went up to her and cupped her breasts and jiggled them. He spoke to her as he held her breasts in his hands. "Hello love, I am the director and its my job to get the best shots of you in action tonight. I need to know your body, how it looks and feels in order to get the best results. You've got nice full tits, not so big that they will flop all over the place but large enough and soft enough that they jiggle and move nicely - good, I can use that. Sit on the edge of the table for me." 

She moved back to the table and shuffled her bottom onto the table. She was alight with the knowledge that strange men would come in and see her naked and touch her and feel her and then fuck her. She was frightened, unsure of how it would be, would she cope; she was also very turned on, she had never done anything like this before. She saw Geoff watching her, saw the pride in his face as he watched his beautiful wife give herself for his pleasure and she then decided not to think about it anymore but to go with whatever happened. She had made an offer, not quite expecting this although she knew her offer would be turned to something sexual when she thought of the novel present.

She sat on the edge of the table. Dave put his hands on her hips and pushed her back on the table then pushed her so she was lying back, her legs dangling over the table edge. He lifted her skirt and raised it, opening her thighs as he did so. Geoff and Dave both stood examining her, touching her thighs, running fingers between the very large lips of her cunt and opening her. They saw her juices, making her wet already, and Dave dipped his fingers into her cunt to feel just how wet she was.

"She seems a natural for a film Geoff, I'm sorry you didn't bring her to me before. Shaving her was a good idea, really shows off the size of her big cunt and lips. I always find that the ones with a big cunt are more likely to juice up better. The lads will have no trouble getting up her. Sometimes the women are agreeable to doing a show then they dry up on us and we have to use oil but Sue is sopping wet already so we won't need the oil tonight." He lowered the skirt and walked away, calling over his shoulder, "you can get up now, I've seen all I need to see just now."

As Sue stood up, two men walked into the room and were introduced to her. They were both large men, almost like boxers. They were muscular but looked as if they might have given up the training a little while ago and turned just a little flabby but still heavy and powerful. They exuded a air of power and force. Mike was white, tall and heavy; King was black, tall and heavy. Both wore towelling dressing gowns and appeared to wear nothing else.

Dave explained to them all. "Right now, this is a private, one-off film. The model, Sue, is available to you two to do whatever you like." (He had previously explained to them that there was to be no violence.) 

At these words Sue realised she was now out of control - in fact she had been since she made her offer then agreed to honour it.

"Lets get on with it then - she's all yours lads."

With that Dave stepped back and two camera men moved in from the other room and took up positions so that they covered both sides of Sue. Geoff followed Dave's lead and moved back. Dave spoke. "Action." They had agreed that any directions or comments would be left on the film to give the real atmosphere of what was happening. Geoff did not want it dubbed with music and artificial oohs and ahhs, he wanted a record of the true events, a record of Sue being used by these two blokes while Geoff, Dave and the two camera men watched.

Mike and King walked towards Sue and shrugged off their robes as they did so. The camera caught her anxious look as she saw their large, bulky, naked bodies, saw their semi erect cocks, their almost shaven pubes making their cocks and balls look larger than usual. She had seen naked blacks on the naturist beach but not semi erect and not heading towards her like this.

"Come on love, lets see what you've got" said King as he started to unfasten her buttons. They stripped her blouse from her, cupping and fondling her breasts, rubbing her nipples between thumbs and fingers as on of the cameras stayed on her face, recording her reactions as she was groped and the other went to close ups of her breasts and nipples. They saw her face show embarrassment, a little fear, winces of pain as they squeezed and gripped her full tits and nervousness at this strange experience. She began to feel like a piece of meat as they handled her and was having second thoughts when Dave's voice called over.

"OK lads, that's long enough on the tits - lets get onto her cunt, its worth having a look at I can tell you."

With that they unfastened her skirt while one camera man went down on his back, camera pointing up her skirt, ready to show her cunt as the skirt fell away. The men pushed her feet apart and reached down, feeling her stomach and down to her mound then down between her legs to bury fingers in her wet cunt.

King hoisted her over his shoulder in a fireman's lift and carried her to the bedroom. Before he let her down, Mike stood in front of him, facing her bottom as she lay over King's shoulder. Mike opened the cheeks of her bottom and explored her arse. He called to Dave.

"Her arse is tight as hell. We'll leave it till later I think." Then to King. "OK mate, drop her on the bed." King obliged, dropping her so she fell on her back across the bed.

"Give us a coin somebody" Mike called and Geoff handed them a ten pence piece. They tossed it and King called "tails - I fancy a piece of her tail" and laughed. Mike caught it and examined the coin. "Sorry mate, its heads - you'll get some head as well I expect." At this they all laughed.

Mike spoke to Sue. "You've got me first. We are going to start with a bit of straight fucking to get you going. The fancy stuff will come later - and so will we!" He laughed at his own joke.

Geoff noticed how they were treating her so matter of fact, it was just a job to them, she was just another woman for them to perform on. That was how he wanted it, her being used just for sex.

Mike climbed onto the bed and swung his leg over hers as if he was getting onto a motorbike. He was kneeling between her thighs which he pushed apart. Dave was now close to them giving the camera men their instructions. 

"You stay at her face, now you keep to the side, get the whole picture for now but be ready to go close up on her cunt when Mike starts to ride her. I want to see a close up of his cock disappearing up her cunt and pulling back out again, I want to see the pink flesh of her cunt each time he almost pulls out then the bang back in and the juddering of her hips as he thrusts up her." He turned to Geoff. "That's why I like big lads for jobs like this - they've got a bit of weight behind them when they bang into her and you will see her whole body shift with each stroke as they fuck her. Her tits will wobble and her body will wobble a bit like a jelly when they get a rhythm built up, you'll see."

All this time Sue was lying there as if she did not exist, they were talking about her but not to her. She was just there waiting for it all to start. He role was to take whatever they did to her.

Dave then spoke to her. "OK love, my lads will start on you in a moment. Just you react naturally, forget we are here, just enjoy a good shag. If I tell you to move something or take up a particular position then I want you to do it straight away, OK?"

He moved away before she could respond. He did not want or expect a response from her, her job was to just to be there and take it. Mike and King would do whatever was needed.

"Action - get stuck into her now" and Dave stepped back, leaving room for the camera men to record how Mike took his now erect cock in his hand and placed it at the entrance to her cunt then leaned his weight into her. Although he was big, he slipped in easily enough as she was so wet. Mike took her hips in his rough hands and pulled her to him as he pushed into her then pushed against her as pulled almost then pulled again as he rammed back in. He kept this up for some time and it was true, her body did set up a ripple it time to his strokes. He got rougher and now she was grunting, quiet moans of almost pain as he was being rough with her. Both camera worked to capture every reaction and sound.

"OK King, up you get now" called Dave and Sue felt the bed shift as the big black man climbed on and sat across her shoulders, his cock hanging in front of her face which left her in no doubt as to what was need even before King's hand went round the back of her head and lifted it so her mouth was level with his cock. She had to open her mouth fully in order to take it and he soon leaned over her, resting his hands on the wall above the bedhead and shifting the angle of his hips so his large cock was angled down her throat.

Mike had slowed down a little now the action had shifted to her mouth and they all watched for some time as the large black cock fucked her wide open, filled mouth. He pulled her head up to meet his downward thrusts and lowered it as he drew back each time, making it much more of a fucking of her mouth than her sucking his cock.

Mike was now feeling her breasts as King sat across her throat so her breasts were in Mike's hands, she had a white cock in her cunt and a black one in her mouth and two cameras recording the lot while Dave and her husband watched.

Dave gave more directions. "Right lads, lets get her on her hands and knees for a while eh? I want good shots from behind and underneath to show that lovely cunt being fucked."

The two men climbed off her. King tapped her shoulder. "You heard the man, get on your hands and knees."

Sue turned over onto her front and pulled up her knees to get into the required position.

Dave shouted to her, for the film's benefit as much as anything but also to keep her understanding that she was there to do as she was told. "Hurry up girl, we haven't got all night. Now get that juicy cunt stuck out and I think its King's turn to give you a poke. Ready King?"

"Sure am" King called to him as he moved to kneel behind Sue, his large black body making a stark contrast to her slim white figure.

"Ever seen a black cock up her before Geoff?" asked Dave. 

"Never seen any cock up her before this evening Dave" he replied. 

"Well in that case you might want to get a bit nearer - should be some good shots. He's a big lad so he'll open her cunt wide and the camera underneath will catch it all. Do you mind if you get into shot occasionally?"

"Not at all"

"In that case, you can stand wherever you like but don't get in the way of the camera. Before we start, do you want to feel how wet your wife is, waiting for this black cock to give her a poke?"

Geoff moved to the bed and Sue felt his fingers slip into her cunt. It was very wet, despite having coated Mike's cock with her juices, there was still lots of it about.

King held his huge cock in his hand and held it out towards Geoff. "This is going deep up this lovely little white pussy - OK with you baas?" He was deliberately doing the typically black drawl although he didn't normally talk like that. It was for Geoff's benefit as well as for Sue.

"You just give her a good fucking for me to enjoy watching King" he replied and stepped back.

King lined up with Sue's cunt and his big hands gripped her hips, pulling her back as he rammed in so he plunged in deep. Sue cried out as the thick cock was pushed fast and hard deep into her. King wasted no time and set into a fast pace of deep thrusts. The camera underneath was picking up the full effect of her white cunt with its pink inner lips, spread wide open by this thick black cock. Sue was panting with the exertion and with the strain of being fucked so vigorously.

"Its a good job she's so wet otherwise this could be a bit painful for her" Dave observed to Geoff in a voice that made it quite clear that it would be happening anyway.

Dave gave instructions to Mike now. "Mike, get up front and do her face for us." Mike climbed onto the bed, kneeled in front of Sue and lifted her chin so his cock could slide into her open mouth. This time she had the white cock in her mouth and the black one in her cunt. Her cunt felt really stretched as King ploughed into her remorselessly and she was wishing she had thought of another present when Dave called a rest.

The men climbed off her and she collapsed on the bed. One of the camera men brought her a drink while the third one who was being kept out of her sight continued recording events and sounds.

As Sue sat gulping her large brandy, Geoff sat next to her and fondled her body, touching and feeling her where the two strange men had been gripping her and fucking her just moments before. When the glass was empty, Dave came over and took it away. He called King over to the bed.

"Lift her legs for us a minute please King" he told him. King stood by the bed and grabbed Sue's ankles, holding them up so she fell back onto her back, her legs raised in the air.

"Come on, use your sense lad, I want to see her cunt, open her legs for us." King held her ankles far apart so her legs were held open and her cunt was being held open to them and raised in the air. Dave's fingers explored her and he spoke to Geoff.

"She's really wet now - too wet for the lads to get a good grip. Its time to use her arsehole now." At that, he moved his fingers and opened her cheeks. King held her ankles farther apart until Mike took one and King the other so they could really hold her wide open and Dave found it easier to open her buttocks.

He turned to Geoff as he worked. "She's resisting me, doesn't she like it up her arse, it seems pretty tight?"

"No she doesn't really like it there" Geoff told him.

"That's a pity because you told me no holds barred and I need somewhere tighter otherwise my lads will lose their erections, she's just too wet and I want to get them to come in her soon. Remind her that she promised whatever you wanted."

Geoff went to his wife's head and whispered to her. "Come on love, you've been brilliant so far. You know you promised whatever I wanted so try and relax. They will have you whether you let them or not but it will be easier for you if you co-operate, try and do your best." She nodded her agreement to him and tried to relax as she was hung upside down, the two men holding her ankles with her legs spread wide open while the director probed her arse. He dipped his fingers into her cunt to wet them then pushed one deep into her arse then a second. She cried out as she was penetrated and Dave laughed.

"If you shout about my fingers, wait till you get King's cock up there! King, you'd better get really wet before you fuck her arse, OK?"

"Anything you say boss" King replied with a grin. To Geoff he said quietly "I do love giving it to tight arsed white girls who I know wouldn't look twice at me outside of here but in here they'll suck my black cock and open their arse for me. I really enjoy my work mister, I hope you will enjoy it too." Geoff thought that he would.

The two men lowered her legs and she gathered herself on the bed, pulling her legs under her as she sat in the centre of the bed while they stood around.

"OK, break over, back to work my lovelies. You two stand by the bed for now - Sue get back on your hands and knees. Camera, action! Now Sue, reach behind you, bend forwards and open your buttocks for King, let him see your tight little arse. Hurry up, if you aren't quick we'll forget the no violence request and bring in the crop and give you a tanning to encourage you." She believed him and leaned forward, putting her hands behind her on each cheek and opening her buttocks as requested. One of the cameras moved behind her and she knew it was pointing straight at her arsehole as she opened herself for the camera.

She felt King put his cock into her cunt, to wet it, stroking in and out a few times to get the length wet. She felt it being taken out then felt it against her arse, felt the pressure as he pushed it against her tight little rosebud then she screamed as it slipped past the ring of tight muscle and was buried in her bowels. King immediately started to stroke her, slowly at first, getting her arse used to his size. Gradually the pain eased and he speeded up and used more force. Dave called out with more directions.

"OK King, I want you to spunk up her arse so in your own time, let her have it."

King seemed to move more naturally and put more force into it, gradually getting more worked up until they all saw him clench his black buttocks then shoot deep inside her and grip her hips, pulling her onto his throbbing cock as it emptied deep into her. As he relaxed, he pushed her away from him as he withdrew so the camera could see the dribble of spunk and juices on him as his cock pulled out then it closed in on her still open arse with the tell tale white stream of spunk oozing out of her arse. King's fingers played around the rim of her arse, using the juices to lubricate her as he finger fucked her arse which was still spread open from the size of his cock. Sue collapsed shortly after this and they took another break, standing around the bed where she lay.

"Back to work folks. How about this Geoff? Would you like a shot of you feeling her cunt and arse where she is so wet?"

"Good idea" said Geoff.

"Right, Sue, stand up by the bed. Both cameras are running so just act naturally. Let your husband feel you. Geoff, you have a feel of your randy wife's holes which these two guys have filled for you."

The camera watched as Sue stood for Geoff. Geoff was in front of her. He was fully clothed which made her look even more naked. He cupped her breasts, playing with her nipples which were hard and erect stubby knobs. He moved his hands down to her stomach, down over her mound to her cunt. He pushed one foot aside with his so her legs were opened. She adjusted her stance, dipped her hips a little so she could open herself for his fingers. He probed her soaking wet cunt then turned her round. He ran his hands down over her back, over her buttocks then with a hand on her shoulders, gently pushed her to bend over a little.

"Come on Sue, open your arse for your husband. You've opened it for our black friend's cock so your husbands fingers shouldn't be a problem to you." His deliberate crudity helped her. She was an abandoned bitch so might as well do whatever they wanted, after all that had happened she might as well. She reached back and pulled the cheeks of her arse open for Geoff. His fingers ran round the rim of her arse, felt the spunk oozing from her as she stood. Ran down the back of her thighs where it had dribbled and wetted his fingers ready to penetrate her which he did. She let him. He finger fucked her as the camera recorded it then he found himself getting rougher with her. He was usually gentle with her arse but now he did not need to be, she had just taken a large cock so what difference would his fingers make, she could probably hardly feel them now. After a vigorous finger fucking he pulled out, stood back and gestured to King and Mike that she was all theirs again. Geoff stepped away from the bed as Dave gave directions.

"Right Mike, your turn to come. Do you want to come in her cunt? Fill her mouth? Or shoot over her face?" 

Mike joked "Yes Dave, all those!"

"In that case, I'll decide for you - put her on her back, get her legs over your shoulders and fuck the shit out of her till you come in her cunt then we'll call it a day."

Sue was still standing by the bed. Mike pushed her down on her back. "Come on you randy cow, you heard what the director said. On your back, legs in the air, that's right, good girl." He lifted her raised legs onto his shoulders and kneeled close to her cunt. He leaned into her, penetrated her and proceeded to fuck her. He groped and squeezed her breasts as he fucked her, building up a rhythm. He squeezed her hard and made her yell a couple of times. Eventually he speeded up, his strokes became sharp, violent jabs at her and he then leaned deep into her as he pumped his spunk into her cunt.

When he had finished he threw her legs off his shoulders, one each side of his body so her lags were splayed as he pulled out of her. His spunk ran from her cunt and down between the cheeks of her buttocks to mingle with King's spunk from her arse.

When they lifted her from the bed they held her standing up so the camera could show the spunk dribbling down the inside of her thighs and down the back of her thighs.

A girl came in with a bowl of warm water and a sponge and helped her clean herself up while the men totally ignored her and all talked about what a good session it had been and how well the men had performed. They did grudgingly admit that she hadn't been too bad a model for an amateur! It was part of the film for the benefit of the third camera but it made her feel like a slut who had been used and discarded.

When the third camera closed down, Geoff came to her and hugged her and thanked her for the best birthday present ever. "What on earth are you going to do next year to top this?" he asked her. She really did not know but she would try to think of something.



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  MaxUK1955


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





