BDSM Library - The Badminton Match




The Badminton Match
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Two rivals on the badminton court experience rivalry in a way neither could have imagined when some guys invade their grudge match.






&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The Badminton Match

The sports club usually closed at ten thirty in the evening but this had been a grudge match between two girls who did not particularly like each other and therefore neither would agree to a draw or a postponement when closing time came and as a result they were the last two in the gym.

Jane was tall and fairly slim with long blonde hair, tanned legs and arms which were shown off to advantage by her white skirt and blouse. In contrast Alice was a little shorter, very slim and dark haired with an olive complexion. Although they worked together, they were from very different backgrounds, Jane regarding herself as quite superior to Alice who she thought of as quite common. This only added to the rivalry between the two, at work, play and with their men. Both girls were in their late twenties and attractive, usually drawing an appreciative audience when they played as they provided an attractive display, especially to a male audience who found their bodies most appealing as they threw themselves around the court, dressed in their short skirts.

This evening however, they were alone as the club was visiting a rival for a competition, leaving Jane and Alice plenty of time to play their game to establish once and for all just who was the best.

They were both concentrating so hard on the game that neither of them heard the door being forced or the sounds of the group entering the hall and the voices therefore came as a shock to them both when they heard someone say "now look at the legs on these two."

They both spun round to see a group of six young men in their late teens to early twenties standing in the gym watching them. They could sense immediately that it was not the badminton that attracted them and Alice decided that firmness was required and told them "this is a private club - you have no right to be in here so leave now before we call the police to have you thrown out."

The one who was obviously the leader said "first of all we have cut the phone line by the door, secondly there is no house within half a mile of this place so no-one can hear you and thirdly, we only want to watch." At this the others laughed and were whispering to each other. The girls were beginning to be a little frightened but both decided that the last thing they should do was to let their fear be seen so they faced up to the youths. "We had just finished playing" said Jane "so you are out of luck. If you would like to leave now we are just going to lock up before going home."

"Oh, you can't disappoint us after we have come out all this way especially to see you two play. You see, we know that the rest of them are away tonight and that you two would be playing and we have planned a whole evening for us all. I'm sure you'll enjoy it, won't they lads?" At this there were smirks and laughs from the others who all shook their heads in agreement. Jane felt like hitting them with her racquet as she did not like younger men at the best of times and these were now becoming a big problem but she realised that it would not be wise to do this.

"Look, what do you want? We really are finished playing so you are wasting your time hanging around. We are going to leave now so please get out of our way." At this she started to walk towards the door but the ring leader stood in her way.

"Look, he said, sounding very reasonable, "me and the lads only want to see how the game is played. We really have come a long way especially but we got delayed so we are a little late. Please just play a little longer so we can watch for five or ten minutes. We'll sit over there, out of the way and just watch." He turned to the rest of them and said "now sit over there and don't get in the way" and they moved to the edge and sat around the floor. The girls were confused. Perhaps they had misjudged them. They whispered together and agreed that it may be best to humour them and play for a few*
minutes and then leave the hall.

"OK" Jane said, "we'll play just for a few minutes and then we really are going to go - agreed?" "Of course" he replied.

They started to play a slow, hesitant game then gradually felt better as the youths sat quietly around the edge, under the control of the older one who had done all the talking so far.

After a few minutes, he got up and went over to them, halting their game. "There is one thing we would like you to do for us" he smiled. "What is that" asked Alice then they both were shocked to hear him say "take off your tops so we can see your tits bounce when you play." With this he couldn't hold back his laugh and the others all whistled and cheered. The girls looked round to see how they could escape but they were ringed by the youths. "Either you take them off nicely or we will rip them off for you but they are coming off either way - its up to you how we do it. You don't have any choice really, there are six of us, three to each of you. We will hold each of you down and take off your tops and you'll get them torn in the process or you can just take them off yourselves. We only want to watch. I expect you have both sunbathed topless on a beach - its no different - we only want to watch, you'll be quite safe."

The girls did not believe this for one moment but they knew that if they resisted the youths would take their tops off and once they had hold of the girls it was unlikely to stop there so they very reluctantly agreed on the condition that they promised to leave them alone if they played for five minutes. The leader agreed and they all watched as they both pulled their sports shirts over their heads and dropped them on the floor. "Come on, and the bras" he laughed so they reached around behind and unclipped their sports bras, exposing their breasts. They both realised that the best thing was to get on with the game rather than stand around inviting further contact so they&amp;
immediately started to play.

As they served, they bent down and felt their breasts hang then jerk up as they lifted to hit the shuttlecock and they felt the eyes on them as they moved around the court. Both of them were playing slower than usual to minimise the movement until Jane bent down to retrieve the shuttlecock after a missed shot and heard a shout from behind her+
- "hasn't she got a lovely arse."

The leader got up and came round to them both again. "Look, its a bit obvious that you have slowed down. Lets make it more interesting for us all. You will play to fifteen points and the loser is going to be tied to those beams over there and she will have her pants taken down, her skirt removed and her arse beaten with this" and he showed them a riding crop that he had in his hand. "Just to show that we mean it" he said and clicked his fingers and suddenly the others all ran forward to grab the two girls and hold their arms, forcing their arms up behind their backs so they were bent forwards. The leader spoke to them. My name is Dave, what is yours?" They both told him to go to hell until he stood in front of Jane and said again "what is your name?" She repeated "go to hell" with her head forced down so she could not see what was happening. The next thing she heard was Alice scream as Dave hit her bottom full force with the crop. "I shall keep on hitting her until you tell me" and she heard Alice scream each time she heard the whistle of the crop and sound of it hitting Alice. "Her name is Jane" screamed Alice, but Dave said to Jane, I want you to tell me and carried on hitting Alice until her screams forced Jane to say "my name is Jane - stop hitting her you bastard."

"Well done, now its her turn to tell me her name. Now remember how long it took your friend here to tell me," he laughed. "You may not want to tell me straight away" and with that he applied the crop to Jane's bottom. She screamed out to Alice "tell him for pity's sake -this is killing me" but Alice was going to make Jane suffer the way that she had. Dave had correctly seen that there was no love lost between these two and he had the youths holding Jane carefully spread her legs so that he had a clear shot across her buttocks. He laid on with the crop, carefully concentrating on the same spot each time so that it was on fire for her. As each blow fell, Jane hated Alice, not Dave since it was Alice who could stop this. "Bloody tell him" she yelled to Alice in a choking sob and Alice could hear the pain and relented. "I am Alice" she whispered.

"Right, now we have established that, lets get on with the game and remember that the loser will be stripped and beaten but this time it will be all over." The girls were still being held but they had been allowed to stand straight so they were facing Dave as he stood in front of them. He looked at their breasts, each in turn. Both were attractive girls with large well shaped breasts and after their beating, both of them had erect nipples. He stood in front of Jane and reached out to her breasts with both hands and pinched her nipples. She tried to pull away from him but he pulled her nearer by her nipples which was painful to her. He then got a full handful of each breast and squeezed them roughly, digging his fingers into her until she could not hold back her scream any longer and she shouted in pain. He then moved to Alice who tried to pull back but was pushed forward from behind, her arms pulled up her back to thrust her breasts out full at Dave who took full advantage of them. "Not quite as big as Jane's" he said to her "but a lovely feel to them. I would love to beat these tits so perhaps you will lose so I can?" He laughed as the two were released and he told them to get on with the game.

They both believed his threat and they both played to win. There were constant calls from the youths as the girls bounced around, no longer caring how their breasts swayed as they played. The points were growing only slowly as the two were so evenly matched and Dave stood up to interrupt their game again. "Look, this is taking ages - to save the lads getting bored, take your knickers off so they can see your bums when you play." The girls were horrified at this and started to protest until he reminded them of what he would do so they both lifted their short skirts and put their thumbs in the waist bands of their sports pants and, in front of the cheering and clapping youths, pulled them down. Dave took them from them and held them to his face. "What a terrifically sexy smell you both have" he laughed. "Before you start again, lets just see what you look like" he said as he held up both their skirts.

Alice had a thick bush of jet black hair as was to be expected from her colouring but there was a gasp and a cheer from them all when they saw that Jane was shaved. Her pubis was bare, smooth and shiny. Her lips were displayed for all to see. "I hope you keep dropping the shuttlecock" he told her "so we can see plenty of your cunt."

The girls resumed their game, both of them disturbed and very worried about the way things were going. Each of them had had the same thought. If I can win, while they are busy with her, I'll be able to slip away. Of course they would go for help to rescue the other but the first priority was not to be the one being beaten so they both played hard to win.

They no longer cared when they bent down to pick up the shuttlecock and there was a cheer as they exposed either a shock of black pubes or a shaven pussy. They no longer cared as their breasts bounced, often painfully, swinging with their shots as they raced to save a point or to score another point that would take them into safer waters.

Eventually they were neck and neck at match point. Alice served to Jane who smashed it back and took the advantage. Jane then served to save herself and Alice saw where it was going and returned it safely to the far corner where Jane could not reach. This went on until eventually Jane served and Alice threw herself across the floor to reach the shuttlecock, sliding on the floor to reach it and succeeded at the last moment in just getting it back to Jane who then neatly tipped it back over the net where Alice had no chance of reaching it as she was still sprawled across the floor, her skirt pulled up to1
reveal the full length of a bare thigh.

Dave and the others stood up and came onto the court, clapping and congratulating Jane for her wonderful game. Dave stood behind her with his arms around her so his hands cupped her breasts. "My word, you are sweaty" he said as he felt her. Before she realised what he was going to do, his right hand moved down to her thigh then back up to her crotch and his fingers slipped between her lips. Dave found that she was very wet as his fingers slid between her lips. She struggled as he told the others how wet she was "but lets get on with giving Alice her prize for coming second" he said, to Jane's considerable relief.

However, her relief was short lived when he said to one of the others "tie her up so she doesn't slip away while we are busy with the dark one." Hands held her arms behind her back and tied them together then fastened her to a hanging rope from the gym ceiling. It was obvious that they wanted her to watch what was going to happen to Alice and she watched part in terror for Alice and part in relief that it was not her. As she stood there, the youths would come up to her and feel her breasts, some of them being deliberately rough and squeezing her nipples or grabbing her painfully while others were more interested in her cunt and were feeling how wet she was. She did not mean to be wet but she had been stripped, beaten and touched then made to perform in front of a group of youths who would beat the loser so it was not surprising that this had affected her sexually. She did not quite understand just how it had affected her in this way but she did feel aroused and she felt a glow of anticipation as she wondered just(
what they would do to Alice. Her whole body was explored - even her bottom was felt and fingers explored between her cheeks to her hole which was kept from everyone, the one place she did not give was now pulled open and explored and she was unable to stop them, being tied up helpless.

Jane watched as they lifted Alice from the floor and stood her in front of Dave. He lifted her skirt to see her naked and then unfastened it so it slipped to the ground. A cheer went up and there was whistling from most of the youths. "You know the prize" Dave grinned to her as she was led to the centre of the gym. There a bar on ropes was lowered until it was level with her head. Her wrists were pulled and fastened to each end of the bar so her arms were pulled wide open. At a signal from Dave the bar was slowly raised so her arms were pulled up until she went up on tip toes to keep the strain off her shoulders.

"Perfect" Dave said as he ran his hands over her. "Your thighs are stretched, your buttocks are pulled tight so they will feel every bit of the crop and your tits are pulled up so I have a nice clear target for when I get to your nipples. All we have to do now is open your legs so I can also get at your cunt" and at this another bar was put on the floor and her ankles fastened to each end of it so her legs were held open.

Jane watched fascinated. Partly relieved that it was not her hanging there, partly because they were leaving her alone while they were busy with Alice and partly because she felt that Alice deserved whatever was coming to her and Jane found herself looking forward to the spectacle.

Alice was now spread-eagled in front of the youths who all gathered round her, taking full advantage of her vulnerability. Alice felt hands all over her body. she felt nails scrape up the inside of her thighs. She felt fingers explore her cunt then other hands push them away so they could feel her. Her breasts were kneaded and pulled and her nipples were pinched and nipped and squeezed. 

Dave swished his crop and she knew it was about to begin. She steeled herself for the first blow. Why wasn't it that bitch Jane, so stuck up. A beating would do her good. Why me? What have I done to deserve this? I won't let the bastards get to me - I'll take whatever they give out - I won't be beaten. As she thought this, she knew that she would in fact be beaten but they could only beat her physically, they could not beat her inside. There she would win. Inside her head she would take whatever they dished out and she would win.

The first blow fell on the right cheek of her bottom, the next on the left cheek. She bit her cheek and held back the sob. The next blows fell on the same areas and she held on until it was too much and she let out a long moan rather than a scream. It was an inward scream but she would not let them hear her scream.

Jane watched fascinated as Dave beat Alice. She saw what he was doing. Saw how he was concentrating on the two cheeks of her bottom. Jane could see the red welts start to raise on Alice's dark skin and she found herself enjoying this. She was glad that they were beating Alice. She deserved it. All those times Alice had mocked Jane because her accent was different. She might be middle class but that was no reason for Alice and her crowd to mock her as they did. If Alice was for the workers then let this be a lesson to her. These were her own people now giving her a beating, stretching her out so her tits were raised, her legs open, her black bush on display. Jane wanted Dave to move to Alice's tits, to her cunt. She wanted to hear her scream.

Dave handed his crop to another youth and came over to Jane as the lad continued the beating. He obviously knew what he was doing as he started to move away from her buttocks in a widening circle, taking in her back, her thighs and her stomach.

Dave spoke to Jane and she realised that he was not the ruffian she had thought. He now spoke to her in an educated voice that was at once sympathetic. "I'm so glad you won, I would have hated having to beat your lovely body. I could see how this one was so common and needed to be taught a lesson."

Jane found herself warming to this man despite what had been done to her. It was as if none of it had happened. She was a spectator. Suddenly she felt free from it all, she was no longer under threat. Dave was touching her, his hands exploring her body and she opened herself to him, turning to be available to him as he explored every part of her. "You really have a lovely body - I would like to fuck you later, when we have finished with this bitch. How would you like that?" "Oh yes" Jane heard herself say and somehow it felt so right, she was so wound up she would agree to just about anything.

"Now look, I cannot let the others see that I have taken a liking to you so I shall have to still treat you the same, you do understand don't you?" Jane nodded her agreement. Somehow none of this mattered. He was on her side. He would look after her. She might have to go through one or two things but it would be alright in the end, not like for that bitch Alice. She wasn't going to enjoy the evening. She was going to get what was coming to her.

Dave whispered in Jane's ear "I don't think you like that girl. Am I right?" "I can't stand her" Jane agreed, feeling that now she was one with Dave. "Would you like to beat her?" he asked and she found herself nodding enthusiastically then she thought of the consequences. "I would like to but I can't, I have to work with her after all this." "Don't worry, I'll fix it for you" he laughed as he walked away from her.

He went over to Alice who was by now sobbing and he told them all that she should have a rest for a short while. He blindfolded her and they turned towards Jane, leaving Alice hanging there with the red wheals forming on her body where the crop had hit her.

They gathered round Jane as Dave untied her. "Let's take her to another room for a minute - I've had an idea for some fun" he told them. Her stomach lurched as she wondered whether she had been stupid to believe that he might be on her side but she had no time to dwell on this as she was propelled into the next court.

Dave stood in front of her with the others gathered round. "I'm going to give you a choice. Either we tie you up and beat your tits or you go back into the gym and we watch as you beat your friends tits. Which is it to be? Your tits or hers?" They stood quietly waiting for her answer.

She felt elated. Not only would they not beat her but she could get her own back on Alice for all those unkind things she had said to her. There was no doubt of her answer. She would love to beat Alice but she must not appear too keen. "I cannot do that" she said then Dave said "fine, then its your tits that get it. Tie her up lads, lets get on with it." "No, wait" she cried. "I will if I have to."

"That's much better" Dave said. "We'll all enjoy watching you use the crop on your friends tits. As a woman you will know the best bits to hit, won't you." She knew that this was right. She knew exactly how to hit Alice and she was going to do something else as well. Alice had taken her last boyfriend from her by sleeping with him so she would hit her cunt with the crop to punish her.

They gave Jane the crop and led her back into the room. Dave went up to Alice and said "you have had a long enough rest. Now to continue with your prize. Before we continue, we have taken your friend into another room. Tell me, would you like us to do all this to her when we have finished with you or should we let her off since she won?" At this he winked at Jane who stood in front of the blindfolded Alice.

"Why should she get away with it? She is no friend of mine, she should take her share of this you bastard and I want to watch just as she watched me."

Dave nodded to Jane as if to say - see? now do your part. Jane moved to stand in front of Alice and admired her breasts. They were a little smaller than hers but the aureoles were darker and her nipples stood out as firm as hers. She felt a rush through her groin as she prepared to make the first blow. The gym was silent as they waited for it to start. The youths thought that this was a treat - one of the girls going to beat the other - saving them the effort.

Jane raised her arm and brought the crop down right onto Alice's left nipple. Alice screamed with pain and shock. "You bastard" she spat out between gritted teeth. "Don't worry, we'll do it to Jane as well. Does that make it any easier for you?" Dave winked at Jane. Inside Alice's head things were not too straight and she found herself wanting more pain. The more pain she felt, the more pain would that stuck up bitch Jane feel so she almost wanted more. Jane obliged as she rained blows onto Alice's breasts which now were quite blue with bruises.

After a while she stepped back to see how Alice looked and saw how her body was covered in bruises. Jane ran her hands over Alice's back, down her buttocks which were rough with the raised wheals, over her breasts, feeling the fullness of them then squeezing her nipples which were so tender that Alice could not hold back her scream.

Jane then went on her knees in front of Alice's spread-eagled body and she touched her cunt. She saw that Alice was built similarly to her. She felt her lips. The youths were spellbound. Jane opened Alice's lips. She thought of Ian, her boyfriend. He would have touched these lips. His cock would have pushed into this cunt. He would have pumped his spunk into Alice when it should have gone into her. Jane jabbed her fingers into Alice who jerked against the ropes that held her as Jane's nails scratched the tender flesh of her thighs. Jane found Alice's clitty, the one that Ian would have sucked. Jane leaned forward and licked Alice's clitty, taking it into her mouth just as Ian would have done. She nibbled it like Ian had nibbled her until she felt it harden and swell. She continued to flick it with her tongue. She wanted it hard and swollen. She kneeled back and lined up the crop. Alice heard the swish and sensed what was happening an instant before the crop hit her then she thrashed against her bonds as the crop hit her swollen clitty.

Her scream filled the gym and the youths cheered. This was better then they could have hoped for. Jane saw a flash and realised that someone was taking photos but by now she was beyond caring. She beat Alice around the thighs and the cunt until her arm ached and she stood up. Alice hung against her bonds, only just this side of fainting with the pain. Jane felt powerful. She felt revenge was hers. Not revenge but justice. She was doing what needed to be done. To hell with that, she knew that she had enjoyed it. She had enjoyed having Alice spread before her, to take her however she wanted.

She stood back, dressed only in her short white skirt, her breasts glistening with sweat from her exertions, her eyes ablaze with the pleasure of it all, her nipples erect with the excitement, so erect that they were almost painful.

Dave now took the crop from her and then signalled the others to untie Alice. As Alice was released and her blindfold removed, she had difficulty standing and fell into Jane's arms. Jane felt Alice's breasts against her own. Felt the heat from Alice's swollen and
bruised breasts as Alice clung to her, her arms around Jane neck.

The two of them moved back to some seats and sat together, Jane comforting Alice, her hand cupping one of Alice's breasts, thinking to herself how Alice did not realise that it was she who had done this to her. How she now gently cupped the breasts that she had beaten. She lowered her lips to them to kiss them better, gently rolling her tongue around the swollen nipples, wondering how many times Ian had done this.

Dave came over and asked Alice how she was. "What do you care, you bastard" Alice shouted at him. "Now let us go."

"Would you like to punish the person who did this to you?" Dave asked her and Jane felt her insides lurch and dissolve then she thought that she had misunderstood. Dave would not tell Alice what she had done to her. He was going to take her on his own, he wanted her, she was special to him. He wouldn't do this. He was just playing a game
with Alice.

She thought this right up until she saw Dave hand some polaroids to Alice then remembered the flashes she had seen. Alice looked at them in horror and Jane knew what she was seeing. She was seeing herself tied up and Jane standing in front of her with the crop in her hand. Jane hitting her breasts with the crop. Jane nibbling her clitty and then hitting her clitty with the crop.

"You lousy rotten bitch, I'll get you" Alice screamed to Jane as she flew at her. The youths pulled her off and held them apart. Jane had nothing she could say to Alice who was sobbing with anger and with pain. Dave spoke to them both. "Let me make a suggestion. I am going to give Jane her prize for winning the game then I shall ask Alice what she wants us to."

He reached out to Jane and took her hand. He led her to a table that had been brought to the centre of the floor from the other room and told her to lie on it. She was in a dream world as she obeyed. It was all too much for her. She could not take this in. She had no more will to resist. She went to the table and climbed onto it. They could do whatever they wanted, she was powerless to resist any more. She was past her overload.

"Wait, stand up again and take off that skirt so we can see you properly" Dave instructed her and she slipped off the edge of the table and unfastened her skirt, letting it fall to the floor. She stepped out of it and stood totally naked, waiting for him to tell her what to do. He told her "Now lie on the table, on your back."

She lay back as instructed. "Now, spread your legs, get your cunt open, go on, hold your lips open." She lay there and opened her legs, she felt the cold air on her lips as her hands went down to open them. She looked at Dave who had betrayed her and saw him standing by the table with her racquet in his hands.

Dave spoke to her in a voice that could be heard by all. "Your prize for winning is to be fucked by your own racquet. I'm going to push the handle up your cunt while all my friends watch." At this she instinctively closed her hands over her cunt and shut her legs to protect herself but Dave just laughed. He signalled four of the youths to come to the table and they took hold of each wrist and ankle and pulled her open into a star shape, her arms pulled back and apart so her breasts were lifted as she lay and her legs were pulled wide open to reveal her smooth shaved pubis and her thick, sensual lips. Dave called to Alice. "Perhaps you would like to open her lips for me so I can fill her with the racquet handle?"

There was no hesitation from Alice. "After what she did to me, I want to ram it up her myself, let me get at her." She stood by Jane, stretched out on the table and spoke to her, bending forward to whisper in her ear. "You bitch, lets see how you like to be on the receiving end. I'm going to hold you open and I hope the racquet is too thick for you so he has to ram it up you."

She ran her hands down Jane's taut body, stretched as it was, until she reached her cunt. Alice slipped her fingers between Jane's lips and pulled them open, revealing the soft, pink insides as she held them open, ready for Dave. She pulled them hard, pulling them down and wide open so Jane tried to shift her position to ease the pain but to no avail. Alice dug her nails into the tender flesh of Jane's lips as she held them as wide open as possible.

"If I were you I would angle my cunt to the racquet to make it as easy as possible" Dave told Jane as he lined the handle up with her cunt. He then twisted it so that it entered her without catching her lips and he then firmly screwed it into her.

Jane felt it enter her, stretching her cunt painfully with its width and she moved her hips to angle them up to it to help it go in more easily. As it screwed into her it filled her insides until suddenly Dave gave it a hard push and it slipped deep into her, making her shout with the shock of it inside her.

Dave then gave the racquet to Alice who pulled it almost out then very quickly rammed it deep back inside, making Jane squirm and shout again. Alice kept this up for some time, pulling it almost out then ramming it in, sometimes slowly then every now and then giving it a hard quick jab.

Alice said to Dave "make her turn over onto her hands and knees, I've had an idea." Dave told her to turn over or she would be beaten and Jane turned over very slowly and with great trepidation, awaiting whatever it was that Alice had in store for her. As she kneeled on all fours, the racquet was still deep in her cunt and her breasts hung down, a fact which was not lost on Alice. "Lend me your crop" she said to Dave who handed it over with great interest. Alice examined the thick silver handle which had the shape of a large erect cock. She stood beside Jane's head and flicked the crop onto theO
nipple of the breast that was hanging next to her, making Jane wince.

She spoke to Jane. "Ian told me that you would let him do most things but you did not like his cock in your arse. Now, to show you what you are missing, I'm going to push the handle of the crop up your arse, see how its shaped?" With this she held it in front of Jane's face so she could see the shape and the thickness. "To make it easier for you, I'm going to let you suck the handle to make it wet, so open your mouth." Jane knew that a wet handle would be easier to take so she opened her mouth and took the handle, trying to wet it as much as possible with her saliva as Alice stood fucking her mouth with the silver phallus. Jane felt totally humiliated, kneeling like this with the racquet in her cunt and her mouth being fucked by the crop handle until Alice took it out of her mouth and went round the table to Jane's rear. She started to fuck her with the racquet again then moved to Jane's bottom.

Slowly Alice fingered her bottom and slid her fingers between Jane's cheeks until her finger reached her sacred hole, the one place she would not admit anyone. Alice's finger played around the edge then she held the two cheeks apart with one hand while she lined up the crop handle with the other. She applied gentle pressure at first so that the handle pushed against the muscle around Jane's hole then suddenly, without any warning, she rammed it hard inside Jane, making her scream with the sudden pain. Once inside, Alice kept pushing to see just how far it would go the pulled it all the way out and repeated the process. She kept this up for some time until Jane's arse was beginning to stretch to take the crop handle and Jane felt as if her whole bowels were filled by it. The sensation of it being pushed and pulled inside her began to become less painful and she almost began to find it pleasurable until Dave started to match
Alice's movements by fucking her cunt with the racquet.

Jane kneeled in front of all the youths while Alice and Dave fucked her cunt and her arse with the racquet and the crop handle and one of the youths fondled her hanging breasts which swayed with the movement of her body as jerked with the thrusts inside her.

After a while they both pulled out and Jane collapsed on the table. Dave spoke to both Jane and Alice. "We have been videoing the evening and we have shots of Jane beating Alice and now Alice fucking Jane with the crop and the racquet so neither of you will be able to make any complaint about us. We can now fuck you both without any fear of trouble from either of you so you can all take your pick lads."

At this, the two girls were rushed from the table to the exercise mats on the floor of the gym next door and the youths queued to fuck them as they were laid on their backs on the floor. The first few simply fucked them as they lay there, mostly with the girls legs hoisted over the youth's shoulders in order to raise their cunts up ready to take the invading cocks but after the first rush of enthusiasm, the others became a little more adventurous. One of them put Alice on her knees to see how she liked her arse being fucked like she had fucked Jane's arse. First he slipped his cock into her cunt to wet it with the mixture of Alice's juices and the spunk that had been pumped into her then after it was covered in juices, he slipped it out and held it against her arse before leaning heavily into her and filling her bottom with his cock. He then fucked her for some time before filling her with his spunk which felt red hot inside her.

At the same time, another youth had taken Jane to the vaulting horse and tied her wrists to the handles so she was standing bent over the horse. He proceeded to kick her ankles apart so he could get into her cunt from behind and he was so thick inside her that she had to open her thighs more and angle her hips to take him fully. He fucked her furiously before shooting his spunk deep into her. The next youth declared her so wet that he could not feel anything so he opened her cheeks and took advantage of her bottom which was still open from the crop and fucked her where she was tight and he took his time before adding his spunk to what she already had inside her.

Whilst she was tied there, Dave came over and filled her cunt with his cock, fucking her deeply and slowly for some time before pulling out. He then went over to Alice and made her kneel in front of him and suck Jane's juices off his cock before he fucked her. To be fair to them both, he then untied Jane and made her suck Alice's juices
off his cock.

By now, both girls were exhausted and Dave stood in front of them. "You two have been just about our best ever. You are both obviously naturals so I am going to leave the crop for you as I have a feeling that you will both want to use it again. Now you two have no secrets about tonight so you can both be totally free with each other about what you like and I think that you will both enjoy beating the other and being beaten. However, we shall contact you both in a little while and I think that you will come to our next session as willing volunteers."

With that he laughed again and they all left as quietly as they had appeared but both girls were thinking that he had been right, they were already looking forward to hearing from him to arrange their next meeting. They felt totally abandoned and satisfied in a way that they had never before experienced and they fell into each other's arms on the floor and lay there for some time before they were able to get up and dress to go home. Boring home. Need this excitement. Need to be taken. Enjoyed being out of control. Enjoyed taking the other as well. Waiting to hear from Dave.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  MaxUK1955


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





