BDSM Library - So you want to be my sissy?




So you want to be my sissy?
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A man is told what the requirements are for the ultimate sissification....






So you want to be a little slut, do you?

Sometimes I have to wonder if you know who you are dealing with. If you know how cruel I can be. Sometimes I wonder if you will try to back out once you see the tools I lay out that I plan to use on you.

You don't understand how much pleasure I will take in turning you into a pathetic little sissy. How I will strip each piece of clothing from you with a razor blade as you stand, wrists chained above your head, blindfolded, with my penis gag locked deep into your mouth.

How I will be standing in my latex corset, thigh high stockings and thigh high black patent leather boots. Perhaps now and then I will sit in front of your naked, helpless frame and move my heels down your tender flesh, leaving long, red gashes. How I will kick lightly at your hard cock as it stands out, begging for attention.

And my vibrator, should I decide to use it, may find it's way down your naked flesh as well, still wet from being inside me as I writhed on my bed while watching you shiver in your chains. The slick, vibrating plastic will hum against your cock and balls until you whimper so loud even the neighbors hear. And I'll just reach up and shove the gag deeper in, until you nearly choke on it. It's good for you.

You'll feel my hard nipples against your chest, I'll let them free from my corset just to move them down your body and then to your cock, sliding it between them and rubbing you until your body shakes with need. And I'll laugh.

Pulling back, giving your cock what it deserves A tight leather lacing, a harness, wrapped around under balls and pulled up, locked to your collar so every time you move your head you tighten the bonds. Your cock will be on fire for me, dripping precum, and every drop I will catch on my boots to feed to you later. As you kneel, nose to the floor, your hair a tangled mess in my fist as I push your lips to the cum and order simply, "Kiss, you miserable little slut."

I'll fasten a slick latex plug against the wall, pointing out toward your vulnerable virgin ass, and I'll smile as I push you slow against it, until you feel it poking at your crack, working it's way closer...closer. And if you shake your head in dismay, you'll feel it on your cock. I'll have my body pressed so hard against you, you will feel my nipples against your chest, my wet thighs riding your leg.

So when I hold you by the hips with my latex-gloved hands you will know what I'm going to do to you. Push. Watching you cringe. Push. Watching you let out your breath painfully, feeling your ass cheeks tighten when I move to massage them with my hands. Push. Until you whimper in pain and I know the plug is sliding it's way deep into you. Your body shaking. How does that feel?

I'll wrap my legs around your thigh and push, tightening so you feel my wetness slide up your flesh, your cock bobbing helplessly against my stomach, tugging on your collar. Oh, this is just the beginning.

And then, to re-dress you. As you stand helplessly, plugged like the slut you are, a cock in your mouth keeping you quiet. I'll make you step into the lace panties I have chosen for you, red. And I'll make you wiggle your ass as I pull them up over your thighs. And then the bra, also red, with false breasts.

But only after clamping your nipples tightly, squeezing them, torturing them. Twisting them until you cry out behind the gag. Making sure they are red and sore so you can feel them rub against the foam. A constant reminder.

In your red panties and bra you will look like quite the little whore, and I will pace, my high heels keeping you alert to where I am in the room. Telling you what a little whore you are. Taking Polaroids so I can show you later. Making you lean over what you can and press your ass into the wall to re-tighten the plug, to make sure it remains deep inside of you.

Next the garters and thigh high stockings, also in red lace. Your cock will be bulging inside the red panties, begging for release. But I'll ignore it, perhaps brushing a breast across it as I lean down to pull the thigh highs up. And then locking the garters to them, I might reach around and squeeze your tight ass again, dig my nails into it.

"You're turning out to be quite a hot little sissy," I'll tease. More pictures. More pressing you into the wall. More pausing with my vibrator, you'll hear it, hear me on the bed, moaning, writhing, bucking. You'll feel my heels moving up your body as I watch you, poking at the panties, poking with that spike heel until you whimper and clutch at the chains painfully.

"You look so hot," I will tell you, "Like such a whore, in red lace, I want to suck your tits."

Will you wonder what I am doing with that vibrator, when you hear that distinct sucking sound?

"I just wish there were a man around," I'll say from on my knees right in front of you, "So I can suck some real cock, I want to taste cum, I want cum down my throat. I want to smear it over my lips and nipples...but all I have is you, my little sissy girlfriend, and my vibrator."

I'll play with your breasts through the bra, pressing mine into yours. You'll be my little lesbian slut lover. That's exactly what you need.

But of course, I have the solution. I'll take you down from the chains and strap you down on the bed, pressing down on your so the plug is still tight. Leaving the gag and blindfold securely in place, leaving you in the red lace bra and panties, moving my hands over your thigh highs, my thumb teasing the naked flesh just about the seams.

With the bindings still linking your cock and balls to your collar, you will know better than to struggle. I'll slide my strap-on harness around your hips. You know what is coming. You'll know very well when I slide the big black dildo into the harness and point it upward, feel me moving on the bed, straddling you.

"I like fucking my girlfriend this way, " I'll remind you as I lower my wet cunt down on the big slick piece of plastic. You'll feel the pressure on the other side of the panties, pressing down on your forgotten cock. You'll feel it against your cock every time I ram my hips down, taking that dildo as deep as I can, massaging your tits and telling you what a little sissy you are.

Maybe you'll even feel my wetness through your lace panties. You'll know it's there, you'll know very well. And the pressure of my body riding the dildo will crush your cock and balls and ram that plug deeper into your ass. You will feel like you're going to be split in two.

"You like to be used like a little slut sissy whore?" I'll growl down at you, gripping your bra tightly, squeezing your breasts as I rock and writhe. When I cum, you'll feel it piercing through the plug in your tight ass, you'll feel it smashing down onto your trapped cock as my ass crushes against it, as I ride you like a horse, your tortured cock now pushed back all the way down between your legs, tugging hard on your collar.

You'll hear me get up off you, spent, unlocking the harness and commenting at how wet the cock is with my cunt juices. But like a whore, you know what you get next. As I finally unlock that gag for the first time, you know what you get next. You will open your mouth wide for me, without even my asking, and accept that soaking wet dildo eagerly. And I'll fuck you with it, fuck your mouth, until you can barely breathe. But like the slut you are, you will take it, and beg for more.

"You want more, little slut?"

"Yes Mistress, I want more, I'm a total whore, " you'll reply appropriately, and you'll take that shaft deep as I watch and talk about how I might use it on your ass next, but wondering oh-where should I shove that plug in your ass when I am using your ass for this dildo? Oh, I wouldn't do that, would I?

But you'll take it all slut, You'll be my slut when I need it, you'll be my sissy when I need it. You will present me with your face as a sitting place when I feel like having your breath against my cunt and ass. You will bend over and give me a place to shove my plug when I want it. You'll open your mouth wide and take my big, black dildo when I want to watch you suck.

And you'll learn to like it.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Akasha


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





