BDSM Library - Sweet little Janie becomes a real Cow




Sweet little Janie becomes a real Cow
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: In a closed Midwest Community they have their own special way of bridging the gap from school to adult life, unless you ar a straight A student.






Janie Dillinger was a bright girl, a straight A student in most regards, a girl with a bright future, except in Debenham, in Markham County, girls somehow did not seem to get on in the world.
Janie often marvelled at how clever her dad was, he could do her maths assignments and watch TV at the same time while her mom would always say "Oh see your dad, I don't know" despite her mom's own straight A grades from almost twenty years before.

Debenham was small town narrow mindedness personified, everyone went to Church on Sunday, everyone got married and had kids, all the husbands were smarter than their wives, each fall the class graduated from high school and about two years later the girls returned, married, sometimes they then moved away with their husbands but often they stayed right in town, happy to bring up kids, and keep house, where before they had wanted to be an executive or surgeon.

The semester ended and with high school finished Janie looked forward to college, the oldest of four children, with a sister and two brothers, she looked forward to the future but remained puzzled by her parents reference to her going to "college," yes but which?

Her mom fussed around her, always asking which boys she liked, and although even high school kids were not allowed to date in Debenham in case it interfered with their studies, the evidence her mom saw as she washed Janie's knickers made it clear that somebody turned her on.

Janie would not admit, even to herself at first, that she lusted after Jake McGuann,
something about him, she knew not what, made her shiver quietly on the hottest day and caused those embarrassing wet patches in the white knickers that the school insisted on the girls wearing.&nbsp; Jake lived on her street, he was out of her league, like a high school drop out loser, but so strong, she saw him lift a car by its' fender while someone changed a tire, and she imagined his manhood, and what it would be like, to be Loved by him, not that she had any clear idea of Love or Lust or raw sex, her Hymen remained intact and she had never even been alone with a guy or kissed properly yet. 

It was the unguarded remark about Jake to her Mom which changed the course of Janie's life. It was so unexpected that their daughter would lust after a big, strong, if none too bright muscle man rather than a Doctor or Lawyer.

"Its big Jake that makes Janie cream her panties" her Mom told her Dad as she prepared to relieve him ready for a sound nights sleep.

"You clever girl," he said, "Jake eh" and he pulled away from her, pulling his erect penis from her hands then guiding her into position on her back legs spread.

"You deserve a treat" he announced as he slid his streamlined member between her puffed Labia Lips and onward towards her womb, she loved the feel of his member in her cunt but she was so loose that she did little for him, and he usually preferred blow job or Anal, although that was now far from tight after twenty years use, but she deserved the treat, she particularly loved the feel of cum flooding her insides and she hated condoms but tonight he did not care if she still was fertile, and the excitement seemed to swell is Penis to fill and fit her almost tightly.
"It's ok, just lay here, no need to douche, that was real nice, I ought to come in you more often." Jack whispered as he held his wife firmly, her breasts still firm showed through the thin cotton nightdress, now rucked up around her waist, he wanted to feel her breasts against his chest and easily tore the material, where she had repaired it last time, revealing her womanly figure.

Jack kissed his wife's lips, remembering the girl he had known in high school, so sweet and clever, just like Janie was now, and then the Woman who came home from College, soft responsive, loving, but somehow childlike, no ambition, the afternoon by the lake, he asked her to take a walk with him, they went a mile, in the woods, and when she sat her skirt had ridden up and he saw her naked, hairless crotch and before he knew it he was shooting his load up her as her Pa and brothers sneaked into the clearing.

He never even asked her to marry him, he could only agree or spend weeks in hospital having the hole where his Penis used to be sewn up, but once he got used to the idea that if he needed intelligent conversation he needed to head for the Town's Bars and that sexual relief was available 24/7 he figured why fight against it, go with the flow.

If Janie wanted Jake, Jack reasoned, that changed everything, there was no point her getting educated just to serve that redneck's needs, and if she went to the training ranch then he would never be good enough for her, he had to give her the choice.

Jack broached the subject at breakfast.&nbsp; "Most of the girls in your year will be doing two years Community work, instead of University, would you like to at least see the program before you decide?"

"I guess" Janie agreed so after lunch they headed out of town in Jack's classic soft top Ford Mustang, 

The facility was a simple ranch, wooden buildings in the 19th century style, approached by a long, long drive maybe two and a half miles of rutted gravelled road.

The building grew larger and Jack pulled over, "See, over there."

Janie, sat transfixed, her Dad had promised to show her an alternative to University but could he really mean this.

Girls, Women, Naked, each with a wide leather collar with a brass cow bell attached, all kneeling, grazing in a paddock, each with a number inked or was it tattooed on their rump and each with enormous breasts even girls who had tiny breasts from the year above her were now sporting enormous DD or larger busts.

"That's it girl, you got straight A's so we can let you go to college for a while before you come back as something educated or you can join the other girls."

"Other Girls?" Janie stammered.

"Yes just you and Delia got straight A's and her dad wants her to do the Community program so it's just you, and remember these girls will probably earn thirty thousand dollars by the time they go home."

"Earn?" she asked.

"From milk sales, of course, and guys will pay, look the hormones, female hormones, and guys," he faltered and she butted in.

"Like Prostitutes?"

"Girls need the relief, guys have the cash, where is the harm in that, and how can your mom and I support you through University?

She shook her head sadly

"It will bankrupt us, Janie, we love you, but that is asking an awful lot." her Father said, "then there is Billy, he is a cert for Yale or someplace."

"But Dad, you can't lay that on me, saying I can only go at Billy's expense."

"Will you try for a while Janie, just a week or two.?"

Janie silently screamed "No" but she loved her Dad and she had been taught to obey.
"I don't know" she heard herself saying, the girls from the year above seemed contented enough so perhaps she would enjoy a break from continual study.

There was a admin block looking like an old Barn, Jack parked out front and suggested that they "See Mr Reinhardt and meet some Girls."

The went in through the outer door, the reception area was modern brightly lit, with polished woodwork quality carpets, comfortable chairs, and in the office beyond Principal Reinhardt was expecting them. He sat in his leather swivel chair behind an impressive oak desk while they sat on matching black leather chairs beyond.

"Ah Janie, you are thinking about joining us I understand." he greeted her.

"Yes Sir, I have not decided yet," she replied twisting her long blonde hair between her fingers nervously.

"That's fine, just wait a minute or two and you can meet some people, and Jack there is hospitality in room three if you wish."

A friendly girl of maybe twenty four appeared, petite, dressed in Levis and tee shirt, "Hi I am Heidi, would you like to come through."

Janie stepped into the world of the Cow Girls.

The corridor had a simple concrete floor, no fitted carpet, glazed tiles lined the walls to waist height, everything designed to be hosed down. 
Their footsteps echoed around the building, Heidi opened a door and they stepped into a large room, it smelt of disinfectant, there were various partitions and machinery hummed and whirred, all stainless steel, white enamel and Chromium and pipes and tubes were neatly rolled up or stacked.

"This is like continuing education, you learned the stuff for university, for the man's world as required by sate and federal law, this prepares you for womanhood, Ok, do you understand?" asked Heidi.

"No" said Janie.

"No Ok, you are all wound up, struggling to get good grades, no chance to relax, yet life is about repetition, you change thousands of diapers, but only learn once, wash thousands of dishes, Ok, without proper transition from school to real life you can get psychological disorders, we give two years stress free, yet productive, training for life."

"The breasts?"

"Yes, Janie, with proper hormonal inducement, you too could be producing milk within six to ten weeks."

"What?"

"A simple injection, a proper balanced diet, and within a year you could be producing several litres per week, and the girls just love being milked, you will too, that's my job, milking the newbie's, the old hands use a machine, but there is a technique to getting girls started and that's where I come in, come and see."

They rounded the corner of a partition, No 435 was resting, one rail supporting her tummy a second her collar bone as her tits hung down obscenely to the suction cups of the Milking machine, in stalls further down 467 and 376 also enjoyed the pulsating of the machines if their facial expressions were a guide.

"Look slip your Tee shirt and bra off and feel" and before Janie could respond her Bra strap was loose and her tee shirt pushed aside as Heidi swung two suction cups over Janie's nipples. The effect was electric, she had not even experienced a boy sucking her delicate breasts but the machine's rhythmic&nbsp; pulsating, sucking on her virgin nipples almost drove her mad, she never wanted it to end yet wanted it stopped instantly.

"It's making you feel all squiffy, isn't it?" Heidi asked.

Janie nodded.

"Let me see" Heidi undid Janie's Belt and eased her Levis down, then she pulled Janie's white cotton knickers tight into her slit and watched as the wet patch expanded.

Janie seemed stunned, incapable of coherent thought, she just stood and let it happen as Heidi manoeuvred her gently into the next stall.
 
"You're ready, Your dad said you like Jake," Heidi asked as she guided Janie into place, slipping a rail between the suction pipes and her belly, and clipping it in place for her to lean on, and gently pushed her head forward to the horizontal torso position favoured for milking.

Janie agreed, "Jake, yes."

Heidi shifted the upper body rail to under Janie' shoulders, then fastened leather straps around her shoulders and waist holding her in place, then Heidi deftly removed Janie's Levis, panties and shoes.

Janie became aware of another person watching.

"Hi Miss Dillinger, would you do me the honour of allowing me to take your cherry"
Jake asked.

"Just do it Jake" Heidi ordered and Jake stepped forward, discarding his Denims and shorts and slowly eased his manhood within her.

Janie was in denial, how could she feel so alive, the pain of penetration, the stimulus of the suction and the turn on of being naked in front of a stranger, suddenly the pain was gone and her insides became alive, filled, fulfilling their biological function, at long last.

Janie felt the twitching and soon cum was shooting through Jakes Penis and deep&nbsp; so deep into her womb, then leaking back to drip down her legs.

Jake pulled out, and Heidi reached for his erection as it slid clear, a finger in his arsehole, his balls squeezed in her palm and he was ready again.

Heidi thrust her fingers into Janie's gushing slit, three fingers entered easily then she took the wetness and transferred it to Janie's anus, she could barely insert a finger an inch inside, but she had great belief in Jake.

Jake took his place again, this time the smaller puckered hole the target and after a few thrust of his well lubricated thumb he eased his Prick into her arse, she was desperately tight, but his lust overcame all and as she screamed in agony he edged inch by inch inside until fully sheathed to the balls he started thrusting to loosen her up.

Janie almost passed out with the pain but Jake muttered "I love you" and her life seemed complete, if Jake wanted her there, if it pleased him then he could do it any time he wanted.

Jake pulled out and sat down and Heidi slowed the suction then removed the Cups.

"Will you do two years then marry me Janie?" asked Jake.

"Will you fuck me sometimes before we get married?"

"Of course he will" said Heidi, "now sign here."

Janie signed her future away with a flourish.&nbsp; 

Jack was busy with 426 in hospitality stall 3 when news came that Janie was sucessfully deflowered and signed in, 426 was eating a biscuit as he humped her slit from behind, she waited patiently for him to finish.

Jack finished up, and sadly took the bag containing Janie's clothes and the duplicate of her registration and agreement papers, he walked to the car knowing he had seen his bright sparkling daughter for the last time, next time she would be a Debenham clone. 
a tear fell from his eye as he remembered her poetry and her Maths.

Janie rested strapped in a stall, Heidi had removed her remaining clothing her watch and ear rings to give to Jack, and she remained completely naked bent over the bar her torso horizontal, her legs straight.
Heidi returned with Ted Mannion, resident surgeon, and after exploring her orifices, both cunt and anus with fingers and a small torch he pronounced himself well pleased,&nbsp; he made her swing her legs up then he fitted the spreader bar, the adjustable type, her legs now spread sideways not one front one rear like the splits but sideways like a cow.

She cried with pain. "Please I need the bathroom."

"Just do it here, there are no bathrooms for Cow Girls."

Janie tried hard to hold out but her poor strained bowels released their filth to her intense shame.

Heidi cleaned her with a hose pipe then she released the bonds and led her to Ted Mannions consulting room.&nbsp; 

Ted Mannion, he had seen it all before, first he checked her height, then he asked her to stand on the scales to weigh her, then the weight recorded he asked her to hold out her arm for a blood test,
She looked away as he sought a vein or she might have spotted the syringe was not empty, the feeling was intense and wrong, Janie confused, staggered and sat down.

"I feel odd doctor" she complained.

"Sorry I should have warned you, sit a while."

Ted took the larger syringe and lifting her breasts in turn injected the underside of each with preparation A, growth hormones and stimulant and he then selected the spreader appropriate to he small mouth and ratcheted her jaw open allowing access to her vocal chords and the quick operation he had done hundreds of times over the years, a temporary splint to allow the vocal chords of singers to heal but here allowing only bellowing and mooing sounds to be made. She would certainly no longer hit high A, as even after the edible splint decomposed her basic hormone and medication dose would prevent coherent speech.

Ted rang the buzzer and Jake came through, bringing a wide collar with a bell attached, its clapper covered in tape to silence it and they placed it around her neck, then a wider belt around her waist and finally leather wrist and ankle cuffs.

She still slept so Jake carried her to the padded bench where Ted administered the indelible Dye, and Janie became Daisy 573.

Heidi came in and they fitted knee protectors to her knees, she would be crawling from now on so she needed protection and finally leather gloves, tight inflexible, all four fingers bound together, and the whole firmly secured with a leather strap.

Janie woke, in pain all over, lying on a pile of hay, in a stable or barn, completely naked, she tried to speak, but no human sounds came.

A shadowy figure loomed closer. "Hi I am Hillary, and I am going to be your regular milkmaid"

Janie tried to cover herself, and stand up, but she felt woozy and could not balance.

"It's all right, It's a bit of a surprise, but the milk won't come just yet, but you do need to start readjusting to your new life"

Janie stared.

"The pasture here is very lush and you can get enough nutrients from it to live if you eat about eight hours a day, nod if you understand" Hillary informed her.

Janie nodded.

"So go eat"

Janie tried to stand.

"Stay on all fours Janie, the medication won't let you do the two legged thing so just crawl." 

Janie stayed put so Hillary just left her.

She made several fruitless attempts to stand before crawling to the door, the paddock stretched before her and in it naked girls, twenty and more grazing, eating grass, crawling, she recognised a girl from the year above her, her gigantic breasts almost dragging the floor, yet she had been slim. flat chested even twelve months before. 

Janie sat and watched, she took a sip of water from the trough, it tasted sweet, she drank some more, and figured she was hungry band again tried to stand

Hillary returned with chains, she attached one from each ankle to the belt around Janie's waist.

"Now crawl" Hillary instructed slapping Janie's thigh and Janie crawled into the Paddock.

The sun was now low in the sky and the girls were getting anxious, Janie watched fascinated as the larger girls carefully eased them selves towards the Barn, their udders bulging painfully desperate for the relief of the milking machine.

Janie was surprised how good the grass tasted, and was soon munching happily and she was unprepared for Heidi to appear and call her in, she crawled rapidly after Heidi after Heidi slapped her rump and soon they were back in the medical wing.

Ted greeted her, "Janie, we have a special client for you tomorrow, but you really need freeing up some so if you will get in the stall I'll get started.

She refused but the cattle prod settled matters, 1000 volts, she quickly agreed to co operate.
Loosening up was simple, an expanding dildo, force it in, pump up the hydraulics till she screams or moo's let it down again, and repeat. The pain was unbearable but the pleasure itself was extreme.

The next operation was purely practical, a coating of hard plastic over her teeth, she would spend hours chewing and her natural teeth would wear too quickly, a swift injection and it was completed long before she woke.

The next day was an anticlimax, she was led into hospitality stall 2, her waist neck and hands strapped down and a plate of biscuits put in front of her and as she chased the biscuits around the plate with her tongue trying to grab them she was vaguely aware of something happening behind her, and of something wet shooting up then leaking out of her but the medication in the water was taking effect. 

In fact she had turned her first trick, $1000 for a fresh young ripe ass and the punter had been well pleased.

But if her lower region senses were dumbed down her tits were becoming a fixation, from the first day her nipples had hardened and swelled and relieving the tight sensations had become an obsession, Heidi and Hillary always massaged her Tits for her if she made it obvious but it was not enough, and she was always hungry, for best taste Cowgirls needed to eat vegetarian, grass was the ideal and with the nutrients and medication in the water in the water troughs gave a properly balanced diet, but of very little calorific value, Janie or Daisy 573 as she now was, seemed to spend all day hungry and all day eating the lush green grass.

Janie lay under the shade tree, thinking, she had been at the ranch a while, how long she was not sure , and her tits seemed bigger somehow, the chains which had prevented her standing were now long gone, she hoped she would get some biscuits, she liked biscuits, men gave her biscuits to eat while they did things behind her,
she saw Heidi coming for her. "Hi Daisy, how is your milk coming," she asked uselessly as Janie had lost the ability to speak,

Heidi grabbed Janie's left breast, she could see it was ready to milked by the way it strained but so far she had not succeeded, her practised hands manipulated Janie's nipples and to her intense surprise a small drip of milk appeared.
"It's coming, you clever girl look", Heidi showed Janie her milk soaked palm.

Janie nodded.

"We try the machine tomorrow." 

Tomorrow could not come soon enough, Janie's tits surged to replace the milk Heidi had taken filling her straining udders to the point of pain, she moved very carefully now as the liquid sloshed around making her wobble unsteadily and today for the first time she followed the herd to the milking parlour, Hillary fitted the suction cups and to Janie's intense relief started the suction, the milk flowed, uselessly this time, the medication spoiled the product and for a week until Janie had become used to drinking only from the milking parlour supply as she was milked, her milk was used only for the Ranch pets, cats and dogs, mainly.

Janie's new super long tits, so long they almost brushed the ground as she crawled pleased Ted Mannion and Principal Reinhardt and they accelerated her leg spreading program so soon her legs could splay out forty five degrees each side giving a clear view of her tits from behind, just like a cow in fact. 

Milking brought a whole new dimension to Janie's new life, the sensations returned below her waist, as did her needs and just like four legged cows she needed to find a good stout fence post to pleasure herself against, sometimes Jake came, and she would be brought in while he serviced her, but the pleasure was muted compared to the twice daily milking, and her tits continued to grow longer each day.

This signalled a further change in her life plan, Principal Reinhardt had contacts back in Las Vegas and Europe who prized these girls with abnormally long tits beyond all others and when Ted Mannion confirmed his prognosis phone lines buzzed.

They rang Jack and Norah,

"Jack, yeah Janie is doing fine, but Jack how does fifty thousand a year for two years sound."&nbsp; It sounded just fine to Jack. 

"The surgery is simple and totally reversible". Principal Reinhardt explained, leaving aside the painful, uncomfortable and dehumanising effects. and pretty soon everything was signed and sealed. 

Janie knew nothing until she was led to the surgery after milking, she felt the injection but nothing else until she woke hours later.

Her chest was sore, she looked and looked again in disbelief, her chest was as flat as wen she had been seven years old and there protruding from her belly, surrounded by stitches were her bulging tits, and straining nipples, a tear fell from her eye.

Ted Comforted her&nbsp; "Don't cry, You are one of a chosen few, very few girls can be modified like this and you are one of the lucky ones, and you will go to Las Vegas and then possibly to Geneva Switzerland, you could make two thousand dollars a night." He did state the obvious that Missionary position sex was now impossible and only action from behind, doggy or more correctly Bovine style was now possible.

The surgery had been difficult, cutting the skin around each breast in turn and passing each under her skin to its new more correctly cow like position before stitching it in place and a further change was internal, a two hour operation, almost certainly not reversible, which meant her bladder now emptied into her bowels.

Ted felt she needed to know.

"Janie, look to complete the cow illusion, we had to reroute your plumbing, so now you will piss through your arsehole, you wont really notice, with the medication you hardly even know if you are shitting or pissing and without clothes it don't matter anyways." He dropped the bombshell in a matter of fact manner and he burst into floods of tears, he held her close, but somehow it was inappropriate to show such concern for a cow that he pushed her away.

Ungrateful cow he thought, she should be pleased, it ought to stop her getting thrush.

He though of the possibilities if she healed, she would be truly world class, not for yield or quality of milk but there were loads of rich perverts ready to pay well to sample a human cow displaying this level of authenticity.

He just needed agreement from her folks for a whole body black and white Frisian look Tattoo, Ok Jake would need another bride because so tattooed she would remain a Cowgirl for the rest of her life, but there would be plenty of money for all of them.

Janie stayed in the surgery for a week, until she healed sufficiently to learn to walk, as when full of milk her newly positioned Tits and her thighs collided at every step unless she splayed her legs out, like a cow.

She wept uncontrollably. 

To be continued.





222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222
















Janie Dillinger Daisy 573
Jack Dillinger Norah
Dr Mannion
Debenham
Principal Reinhardt
Jake McGuann,









Ted Mannion and Jack Dillinger between them shook Debenham's tranquil stable Mid West small town complacency to the core.

For years the COmmunity Work (COW) program had seen the towns adolescent girls go through the loss of Virginity and sexual awakening phase in a controlled manner which by use of medication and hormones had stabilised the Girls intellect from the peaks of high school to the mid eighties on a standard IQ test leading to respect for their husbands and generally happy compliant lives of domestic servitude.

The milking program when finished gave the girls husbands the choice of whether the girls retained the outsize but completely natural, as in hormone induced as opposed to silicon, or whether Ted Mannion would do some reduction, most guys wanted them enlarged but Ted always had them maxed already, any more and back trouble would cripple them, so for years girls crawled around eating grass, and being milked, and Debenham folk thought nothing of it.

The first plans to tattoo Janie Dillinger, white and black like a regular Friesian Cow, were clearly over ambitious as was the plan to fly her to Switzerland but then they decided to simply paint the black and white on her body.

It took weeks and kept flaking off again and cost most of the money Janie had earned so far from the men who had paid to screw her, but in Arab robes and head dress it was not noticeable, and that is how she travelled to Denver, Colorado for the 73rd Girl Cow convention.

They used an old Ford, she had been incontinent for weeks so they cut a hole right through the floor, fitted a deflector to stop any back draft and fitted a seat off of a Lavatory can for her to sit on, so she could just shit right on the highway. and at Denver they carried her in a special wheelchair commode, but with her markings and real Cow udders right back between her legs she was the sensation of the show.

Several girls quit right there as she waddled on stage, so obviously the outright winner, yet she inspired more thoughts.

Denver brought competitors from all over the world, the Austrian Conrad Reich brought a matching pair of Cow Girls tattooed all over but they could not compare to Janie.

Conrad Reich offered fifty thousand US cash for Janie, the first evening, and when it reached two hundred thousand Jack and Ted accepted, signing her future away to a famous Austrian Cow Girl owner.

Jack watched with mixed emotions as the animal who had been his daughter was led away, he remembered fondly when she was a sixteen year old beauty, athletic slim her firm breasts only needing a bra for decoration, yet his share of the cash would but a nice new automobile, and a college education for the other kids.

Ted got fifty thousand but this retained his services to maintain and improve Janie, his airfare and expenses were to be paid in full each time he visited her in Austria..

A month later Janie and Ted met again, she shivered in the cold Mountain air in the high pastures, yet looked as if she recognised him slightly.
Reich had given the orders and Ted agreed the effect would be stunning, and when Reich accepted there was less than a one in three chance of success for the procedure he agreed.

Janie was sedated and it was a whole winter later that they judged her healed enough to bring back to consciousness again. Her markings had long since flaked off, so they left her pink.

Ted was torn, on one hand his handiwork was as good as he could have wished, but the beautiful girl was gone for ever.

Her Legs had been first, carefully severed just below the knee, and the stump remodelled, and the bone stored carefully, then her pelvis sawn and leg bone grafted in and stitched with steel staples to splay her legs apart without straining the hips, and the internal changes, moving her clit, so it nestled against her rectum to be stimulated by anal sex. he left her bladder alone as he had previously moved her urethra so she peed through her bowels, finally he did a hysterectomy and discarded the whole unnecessary womb and vagina, cut away her labia and sewed up the now unnecessary hole.

Finally he shortened her fingers and fused them together like a hoof, and remodelled her nose and jaw to be more cow like, she was just like a cow in his opinion.

They had neglected her vocal chords and she found her voice, "Moo Cow". she said.
"Moo" finally as summer approached again she was released to the high slopes
where she exhibited no sense or fear .

She won the Best Cow in the Pan Europe series easily, and went back to Denver for the US, finals which she also won, but protests were growing and the organisers announced rule changes outlawing many of the procedures she had undergone for forthcoming contests.

Conrad Reich discussed her future with Ted Mannion and as she was now useless for competition Ted offered to take her off his hands to return her to Milk production. Conrad sold her to him for one Euro.

And so Janie went home, to Debenham, where her appearance in the pasture at the COW facility made fathers withdraw their daughters from the program immediately and as the COW organisation ordered her removal she was left for her Dad to look after. She grazed the lot behind their home, and required milking twice a day and got irritable if she was not fucked at least a couple of times a week, but she was now a cow, not a daughter.

Jake McGuann fucked her most Saturdays, out of pity mostly, all thoughts of love long consigned to the waste bin, except some memories of the straight A student remained.

Janie's brothers and sister helped out with the chores, Amelia, two years younger, struggled to keep at the top of the class as the COW facility struggled to meet its commitments and offered more inducements, College courses, fitted around grazing and milking with revised medication being an attractive option, some girls took to marrying young, and one day Amelia suddenly saw her future.

Amelia came home early and went to tell Janie about some new shoes she saw, but there was Jake, naked, from the waist down about to service Janie in the back yard
Amelia felt herself blushing, but fascinated crept closer and as Jake slid into Janie's proffered ass hole Amelia knocked over the feed pail.

Jake smiled "You're next" and stared at Amelia as her shafted he erstwhile sister.
Amelia found it such a turn on that she climbed on the fence to see better, the top rail pressed between her legs and she moved so she could rub against the fence post, Jake was being driven mad watching her as he fucked her sister, and as Amelia gave up and pulled he tiny red panties aside to pleasure herself with her fingers&nbsp; so Jake pulled out of Janie washed the shit off his prick with the backyard hosepipe and lifted Amelia bodily onto it, she buried her face in his shoulder as her membrane split and she became a woman.

"Hi Jake, you come on in the house when you finished up you hear." The girls father had returned,

Jake thrusted harder, "I guess we're going to have to get married"

Amelia kissed his nose "Yes please."

Time passed, Greg and Amelia started breeding right away, Amelia studied Nutrition on line and pretty soon she figured how to replicate the COW program diet while eating normally at Mc Donalds and taking a few pills, their daughter was born and pretty soon she was bottle feeding so Jake and Amelia could harvest their little bounty and most agreed hers was some of the finest COW milk they ever tasted.

Mercer Hargreaves, Producion manager of the COW facility came to see Amelia and expresed doubts about the fact the milk was hers, but after sampling some draught so to speak, he became a fan. He came back next day to run some more checks, and the day after.&nbsp; Amelia hit him with a wonderful idea. "If you hire me as you PA you can have milk every working day, she announced as she expressed some milk into his coffee cup.

Mercer followed his crotch not his head and made the best decision of his entire useless life. "Sure thing little lady, start Monday Nine O'clock sharp."

The COW system was in a bad way and really Mercer should have been been laying people off not employing more.

Amelia changed COW for ever in her second week.

Mercer, was enjoying his morning drink and had just changed tits when Amelia suggested they could offer natural breast enlargement to Women from outside the area, using their formula, and by the end of six weeks the medication should have slowed their mental faculties so they would be quite happy to stay on and be milked, if not then they had big problems for a week or two with high yield and no one to milk them.

Mercer was not too keen but Amelia gave him a blow job and the promise of anal if he agreed changed his mind and he went for the idea and they got a website set up on the Internet that afternoon. He figured he was just humouring Amelia but they got thousands of hits and two phone calls that afternoon.

They agreed the spare administrators bungalow should become reception, and they would play things by ear for a bit.

Juanita was the first, an ageing call girl from Las Vegas, dark shinned with small saggy tits, Amelia just opened her Jacket and let Juanita feel her breasts and Juanita signed up straight away.

Ted Mannion administered the first shot, and they took Juanita out to dinner, but by day two she was happy to just watch TV. 

Amelia knew they needed a different approach, the Milk business need separating from the fetish, and slowly they evolved the new system, 

They took on a new failed doctor, Steve Oatley, Steve saw the problem and evolved a strategy, extended production cycle, E.P.C. instead of Girls spending a couple of years, they would spend maybe twenty years, and not Debenham girls, they had Hookers seeking cheap boob jobs, fugitives from the law and eventually women the Mob wanted out of the way semi permanently.

Juanita was a guinea pig for the technology first they fed the girls a massive dose of hormone and sensory depressant, within two days most girls breasts were visibly&nbsp; 
changed, then after about two weeks, the second confined to the facility, the girls went for a fitting session.

With the new diet there was no need for the grazing, the girls could just watch TV and eat and sleep like regular housewives, and the suction equipment could work 24/7.

Initially they figured a small room would be necessary but with such little brain activity they decided to take a further step. Ted and Steve did the fitting together, her blood tests were Ok so Steve lubed her front and rear the natural way hosing her cunt and anus with his cum, then they inserted a catheter and worked up the various base sizes for the cunt and anal plugs, Juanita took a 5 front and a 4 rear, so they assembled a 5 and a 4 on the base plate and manoeuvred them in.

Juanita suffered some pain but then the hydraulics expanded the head of the insertions until the pressurised release of urine which gushed into the catheter bag, and the pressure readings revealed she was fully impaled, it was then a simple matter to assemble the production unit around her and she was a functional phase two unit, and when the I.V. feeding was added she was happy to sit there listening to pop music, the hollow anal plug taking care of the waste.

Phase Three was time consuming, but, a guy from the Mob suggested it and they made up a few, more as a deterrent, this was permanent, first the womb was removed and the clitoris moved to a more accessible position as high on the abdomen as the nerves would stretch. The Urethra was repositioned to allow urination through the anus. A single expanding hollow plug then retained the unit to the base plate facilitating removal of the now un nescessary legs.
Units normally retained arms and hands until brain function reached 1% of usual and the arms remained unused for three or more weeks, then they were lopped and in its final form the production unit became fully portable, fed intravenously the unit provided a constant supply of sweet warm milk for harvesting, the mark two with improved access to the head could also give blow jobs

Many Women became phase one A. whereby like Janie their breasts were allowed to expand until they drooped below the navel at which point Ted or Steve would re position them low on the woman'`s belly, and as most cow girl competition regulations now outlawed leg shortening and surgical splaying and insisted both vagina and anus were retained, so the interest in these cows remained.

But many just wanted a domestic pet, so particularly the older women would have the full modification package, legs shortened pelvis splayed, in some cases a full or partial hysterectomy gave room for considerable internal milk capacity when the breasts were relocated to the belly, incontinence was encouraged, the cows were after all intended to live outside.

Janie was again selected for Ted Mannions magnum opus, the next great leap forwards, the ultimate human cow, and realising the Arab nations had not adopted the latest rule book he took Janie away from her folks and the shed and Paddock where she lived to his operating theatre once more.

Already Janie had been modified more extensively than any Cow Girl ever before, Her breasts had been moved to a new more correctly cow like position on her abdomen . Her Legs had been severed just below the knee, and the stump remodelled,&nbsp; her pelvis sawn and leg bone grafted in and stitched with steel staples to splay her legs apart without straining the hips.

Internal changes involved moving her clit, so it nestled against her rectum to be stimulated by anal sex, moving her urethra so she peed into her bowels, which made her incontinent, and a hysterectomy, the whole unnecessary womb and vagina removed allowing her labia to be cut away and now unnecessary hole sewn up and remodelled leaving just a single slightly enlarged Anal orifice between her legs..

Finally her fingers had been shortened and fused together like a hoof, and her nose and jaw remodelled to be more cow like.

Ted knew the head was the key, he thought they could take the Arab Nations open easily with Janie, but he had heard rumours of an Arab girl now similarly altered ready to take Janie on so Ted needed to go further, Arabs gave no prizes for second, Two Million dollars for a win nothing for second

Janie dropped off to sleep as the anaesthetic started to work and then as Steve Oatley watched ready to assist, Ted took his craft knife and cut down the length of Janie's nose, carefully seperating the skin left and right, then cutting back over the crown of her head, and then sideways until her skull glistened.

The while of a circular saw and smell of sawn bone made Ida Morgenstern, Ted's chief nurse and assistant throw up but Ted continued until Janies skull could be levered apart, he kept cutting, pulling the skin away to protect it cutting both eye sockets loose then taking bone from behind them to allow them to be slewed rearwards and then the sawing was done.

Rebuilding her was like a kids construction kit Ted thought, bits of leg carefully stored from their shortening, served to widen the skull and the eyes were moved to the sides, and the eyes oh so carefully moved to their new home, he assumed she would be blind but she needed moving eyeballs, Glass eyes would lose points in competition.

Finally he stitched her skin back, grafts from her buttocks and thighs providing the extra skin for the widened and remodelled cow shaped nose.

They had a special recovery unit for Janie, and by feeding intravenously and milking constantly she produced milk throughout the operation.

Ted had miscalculated in one minor respect, the recuperation and recovery took six months, and with her skull reasonably healed to its new shape and minimal scarring the day came to reduce the medication and let Janie wake.

Ted saw her stir, he spoke, "Hi Janie."

She squealed.

Ted removed a bandage from Janie's left eye, he saw her looking around, "Wave if you can see," he ordered and to his surprise she lifted her arm. or was it front leg?

Then she raised her leg again as he took the bandage from her right eye but she started squealing unconrollably.

Ted sedated her quickly.

He tried again next day, Janie would open one eye, close it and open the other, yet her eyes were bright, she was curious, it un-nerved him.

After several days of steady improvement Ted checked with Ida and Steve before removing Janies&nbsp; catheter and IV feeder and waking her.

He allowed her to sit up and then climb down from the recovery unit. She waddled unsteadily but determinedly to a desk where a Lap Top computer was switched on and tried to type on the keyboard with her hoof.

Ted was intrigued and taking some tape fixed a pencil to her hoof so she could hit the keys.

It took a few minutes, but she wrote, "My legs are short, I can't talk, and I can see both sides at once, like split vision, what have you done to me?"

Ted was in shock, her brain had recovered.

"What's ninety nine and twenty five Janie." he asked, she typed 124.

Ted had produced an intelligent freak.

He tried to lead her away but she became aggressive, "I'll bring the computer." he promised and she waddled after him.

He took her to a side room, a bare room white walls, tiled floor, a table and two chairs and a hatch like a serving hatch to the next room. Ted shut and bolted the door, he fixed the computer power pack to a socket and let Janie work on it then he took a sponge and sponged the shit form round her ass hole before dropping his pants and sliding his prick easily into her loose rear end,

She squealed, "ah, Oh, yes, harder, fuck me." the coating on her vocal chords had failed and she was speaking for the first time in years.

Ted rode Janie, fucking his cow, she was loose enough for an easy hassle free entry yet still tight enough to excite him, the perfection he had striven for, and she was responding, usually human cows just ate biscuits as they were taken but this one was vocal and clearly enjoying herself.

Ted rested his weight on Janie's back as he came and paused before pulling out.

"Why me" Janie asked in a peculiarly distorted voice.

"Why not," replied Ted.

"What will happen to me now," she croaked.

"I'll do your vocal chords again and send you to the Arab Cow Girl competition."

"Let me talk, please, I can't remember much, I need answers, I'll just moo when you want me to," she pleaded.

"Did you like the sex?"

"Yes, I don't remember what sex was like before but, it was intense."

"I remodelled you inside, I'm glad it works."

Suddenly Janie screamed.

"Whoa Girl steady,"

"Is that me" Janie asked catching sight of her reflection in the floor tiles.

"Yes aren't you the prettiest little cow ever?" He asked.

"That's why I can't focus, my eyes are each side of my head."

"You will get used to it, I'll fuck you again later if you like."

"Please come back and talk to me, fuck me if you like but I need to talk, it's been so long."

It was surreal, a cow wanting to talk, his cow, his penis reared again and he bent her over the table once more and he plunged straight in and took his pleasure again.

Ted was just hitching up his belt when the door opened, a receptionist ushered a man with a young girl in, without noticing Janie and Ted were there.

The girl screamed. "No Daddy, not that, no."

Janie looked at her, just out of high school, bronzed, athletic, those perfect pear shaped high breasts which hung so beautifully when full ready for milking, clever, just like Janie had been when she came, like looking in a mirror she thought.

"Hi I'm Janie, what's your name." Janie asked as she turned to see the newcomers.

"Jessica." she stammered.

"Would you like some of my lovely warm fresh milk Jessia? I need milking would you like some." Janie rolled onto her back.

"Go on Jess don't be shy." she urged as Jess knelt uncertainly.

"Please." asked Janie plaintively. "Go away you men, you are upsetting her." 

They left quietly.

Janie felt Jess's hot breath on her breast then the touch of her lips on her nipples and soon the milk was flowing and Jess seemed calm and contented.

"That's nice, you will love it too Jess."

Jess sucked contentedly.
 
"Undress Jess, like a baby, it feels so much better you will see."

Janie spoke so calmly that Jess quickly slipped off her sandals, tee shirt, shorts and panties and returned to Janie's breast.

Janie saw Jess's fingers slipping down between her legs.

"If put your knees by my ears, Jess then I can lick you while you suck, would you like that?"

Jess did not answer but did as Janie suggested and after a few experimental manoevers Jess's vagina was positioned exactly right for Janie to lick her to orgasm as she sucked.

"It's nice, if I had regular tits I could not do that you see." Janie explained.

Ted and Jess's father watched on TV, and then Ted walked in and collected Jess's clothes.

"Your father signed you up for two years, Jess. welcome aboard."

She barely noticed such were the waves of pleasure pulsing through her veins.

They stayed locked in the room for a week, Janie ate burgers and chips, and Jess fed from Janie, the food came through the hatch, the door stayed locked, except when Ted gave Jess her injections, they made her breasts and nipples tingle but Janie made it all right with her lips and tongue.

Jess got used to shitting in the far corner, while Janie found she could control her bodily functions, at least well enough to get to the corner before letting go as her intellect gradually returned.

Janie struggled to remember but the years were a blur from after she arrived at COW facility to waking after recovering from the operation.

Ted took Jess away for an hour and she returned chained, ankles to waist so she could not stand but Janie made her feel all right again, and Ted decided on Janie's future, she would be the cow in reception.&nbsp; After the Arab contest of course. 












Review This Story
 || Email Author:  A.Broadsword


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





