BDSM Library - Greg to Georgina 




Greg to Georgina 
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Greg becomes Heidi's latest unwilling patient and challenge as she seeks to master the art of sucessful gender reassignment






Greg to Georgina.

Part 1 .

I'm just a regular guy, I like a beer, I hate queers, trannies, perverts all that, I'm as straight as they come. Honestly, Ok at five six I'm no quarter back and girls don't exactly throw themselves at my feet, but really back then I was doing just fine working my way through uni.

I guess it was boredom, like I was surfing the net like you do, in the faculty library, the only one on campus where the server wasn't programmed so anything unsuitable for a five year old came up as "Message Blocked, Adult Content," and there was this thing about Ladyboys, which I downloaded onto my thumb drive, we called them memory sticks back then, and I forgot about it. Like completely. I only realised what I had done next day when I got home from class and checked my emails.

I guess I was lucky, Amelia Harper, a girl I never saw before found the Thumb next morning, like it wasn't encrypted or anything, and pretty soon she found my essays, with my student number class and name across the top and of course the porn.&nbsp; She found me on facebook, and emailed me.

"I have something you need." she explained.

I emailed her back, thanked her profusely and, after a few returns of suggestions we agreed to meet, at the faculty library, at noon next day.

I checked her on facebook, she had freckles for christs sake and twin piggy tails of brown hair, and brown eyes, and she looked pretty, not pretty, but pretty ordinary.

She was in the Library before me, looking at the notice board. "Hi, I'm Greg." I announced, she was as tall as me I realised, and there was something brooding in those dark eyes of hers. "Do you have my Thumb."

She giggled, "Oh you mean Memory stick!" she laughed as she took a Thumb drive from her purse, A red one, 1GB, mine was silver. "It's all there," she said, "You essays, and stuff."

"Where's my Thumb?" I asked.

"It's like insurance," she said, "It works as long as you pay the premium." 

"Hey, hold on." I whispered.

"Or I could let the Principal find it." she whispered, "Just email your cell phone number and I'll be in touch." 

She grinned wickedly and slipped away.

Trouble was she had no more idea of what she would do with the damned drive than I did.

I emailed her my cell phone number and pretty soon she rang me, "Hi Greg," she said and then she just asked, "Greg, is your hair naturally curly." I heard giggling in the background,

"What?" I asked.

"Do you curl your hair?" she asked.

I never bothered much about it, it curled naturally, not tight like Negroes but just curls, like I guess I should have got it straightened or cut short but it just wasn't a priority.
"Sure, it's natural, Why?" I asked.

"Carrie wanted to know," she giggled, and she cut the call off.

I sort of tried to forget about it but then on Thursday night around eight I got a call from Amelia , "Greg, I think you should come over," 

"Come over where," I asked.

"Our Dorm of course!" She replied. " Anna Marie Richter building room 27."

"I'm not allowed." I explained.

"That's your problem!" she replied helpfully, "Half an hour?" she added "Or shall I let the Principal." I cut her short.

"No, I'll come." I replied.

I slipped my quilted jacket over my Tee shirt, and Levis, found my sneakers and set off across the campus, the building was maybe half a mile from my room so I had plenty of time, and the guard barely looked as I walked by.

I knocked on door 37, Amelia opened it revealing her friends Carrie Michaelson and Lavinia Carstairs waiting inside, my heart sank, two stunning blondes, sort of girls who could have any boy they wanted waiting on me, I had a bad feeling.

The room was no bigger than mine, even more untidy perhaps, posters festooned the walls, pop stars mainly, just a bedroom with dressing table with mirrors, a sink and somewhere to make coffee, and a few lockers, very basic.&nbsp; Amelia sat in front of her computer, Lavinia and Carrie sat together on the single bed, all dressed in almost a uniform of white Tee Shirts and stone washed Denim Jeans

"See I told you he'd get in." Lavinia exclaimed.

"It's the curly hair!" said Carrie, "Old Harry thought you were a girl."

"What with a five o'clock shadow like that?" Amelia exclaimed, "I told you he was nothing like as pretty in real life as in his facebook entry!"

"You might have shaved!" Carrie snorted,&nbsp; "It's only polite when you visit a girl, shower and shave."

"I guess he showered," Lavinia observed, "or else he tipped a whole bottle of aftershave over himself."

"That's cheap drugstore deodorant," Amelia noted, "I think we should make him shave."

"Oh no!" I said.

"Now Gregory, you don't really have a lot of options here do you?" Carrie observed, 

"But if you won't shave well how about some of this." She held a tube of depilatory cream.

"Hell, that will burn my face!" I protested.

"Who said anything about your face?" Lavinia observed with a sly grin.

"No, it says suitable for facial hair on the box," Amelia informed me .

"Look what do you want?" I asked nervously.

"It's not what we want but our duty as citizens which matters here," Carrie announced seriously, "Gregory has impure thoughts and needs correction, and we are to be the instruments of the correction, isn't that right girls."

They agreed happily.&nbsp; "Sit down," Carrie motioned for me to sit on the bed between herself and Lavinia.

"Look I'm not sure about this!" I exclaimed but I sat down and watched as Carrie squeezed some yellowish cream into the palm of her slender delicate hand, and brought it up to my face.

I shuddered, "It's cold," I protested but it was the thrill of her soft touch and the slightly perfume of her firm body which caused the shudder, her deep blue eyes just inches away peering intently. "It burns." I added.

"It stinks." Lavinia protested, as she moved away. "I didn't realise it smelled so bad!"

"That's because you only use it on your," Amelia giggled leaving the sentence unfinished.

"Keep your eyes shut," Carrie warned as she moved up around my top lip working he cream firmly into my pores.

"You're supposed to wash first." Amelia observed.

"I did." Carrie insisted.

"His face!" Amelia explained.

"Oh!" Carrie giggled.

"Leave for ten minutes then rinse." Amelia read, "Lets look at some pictures while we wait." she punched the switch and the computer monitor came to life, a Latino girl, pretty small breasted, smiling at the camera, I recognised it, taken from my Thumb drive, two more pictures followed and in the fourth she would turn and reveal.

"Isn't she pretty, Greg," Lavinia observed, "Do you like her?"
 
"Look I was only." I started to say.

"Oooooh, she's not a she is she?" Lavinia pointed out unnecessarily as the girl on screen changed pose to reveal six or seven inches of solid muscled penis protruding from her glistening hairless crotch.

"That's why Greg has such girly curly hair girls, he wants to be a girl like us!" Amelia observed delightedly.

"Do you Greg?" asked Carrie, as she rubbed my face once more, "Because we need a new friend."

"The ugly awkward one to make us look good!" Lavinia added.

"Hey, wait till I get to work with the make up," Amelia suggested, "guys will be falling over themselves to date you." 

"Very funny!" I added. "My face is stinging, are you sure it said for facial use?"

"So wash!" Amelia suggested as she showed me, "I'll do it!"

She took&nbsp; a brown plastic bowl and half filled it with water before throwing a face cloth in and bringing it across to me, "Hold still," she ordered and she started to rinse the stubble away.

I felt my erection stirring, "Oh that's no good at all." she cooed, "that's not very girlie is it?"

"No," I replied awkwardly.

"No Miss, show respect." Amelia ordered.

"I think proper Lady-Boys tape their thingies down." Lavinia observed, "At least the ones on Gregs Thumb drive seem to!"

"Oh, lets make Greg do it too!" Carrie suggested, if it was supposed to make me less aroused it failed completely.

"It seems to be getting bigger," Amelia observed, "Maybe we had better do something about it!"

"Yes, a cold shower!" Lavinia suggested.

"Hey!" I objected, but before I could stop them Amelia had twisted my arm behind my back and they were pushing me down the corridor to the communal bathroom.

"Back, Harry's coming, "Lavinia wailed, as she somehow sensed or heard Harry approach so we rapidly returned to Amelia's room.

"I think if we wash it with cold water?" Carrie suggested.

"Yes, get his pants off." Amelia cried as she seized my belt and dragged my zipper down,

"Hey," I shouted and tried to struggle free from Amelia's grip.

"Hold him hand me that pantihose Lavinia, grab his other wrist Carrie." Amelia ordered and before I could stop them they had twisted the legs of the pantihose around my wrists and I was helpless.

Amelia dragged my Y fronts down around my ankles and to my extreme embarrassment my penis stood out and proud like a flagpole.

"It's quite big for a little fellow." Lavinia observed, naively," quite obscene."

"Yes, it's a threat to our honour, we need to tame it." Carrie agreed, "but first." she lifted my length with the end of Amelia's hair brush which was lying on the dressing table, we need to," she stopped short as she gazed in horror..

The touch with the brush was the final straw, my Prick twitched convulsed and suddenly I was pumping my load all over Amelia's floor.

"You filthy pig!" Amelia squealed delightedly, as she observed the creamy trail across her polished floor.

"What a nasty thing, it needs to be restrained," Carrie observed as she handed me a tissue, "clean yourself up."

I did as she asked, "Look this is getting." I broke off, "come on let me go."

"Shut it pervert." Amelia said "lets get that thing tied down."

Lavinia pulled my pants off my feet and then, said, "You guys got any old Pantihose?"

"Yeah why?" Amelia asked.

"If we cut the legs off, and he wears a couple of pairs it should hold his thing out of the way." Lavinia suggested.

"Hey," I protested but it was too late, Amelia produced some torn pantihose from under the bed and scissors from her dressing table and Lavinia crudely hacked off the legs to leave just some pretty much reinforced panties.

"Oh no," I protested but they pulled them up my legs and Carrie produced a pair of rubber gloves from Amelia's top drawer, and after slipping them on she guided my now flaccid member back between my legs as Amelia pulled up the makeshift panties pushing my manhood hard up against my anus.

"Oooh look," Amelia cried in surprise, "It's going to work!"

"Put this old skirt on him," Carrie suggested, as she found a stained and split black miniskirt Amelia had thrown under her bed and they made me pull it on. 

"She's a bit flat chested!" Lavinia observed, "Do you still have those falsies you wore last semester?"

"All right, you can laugh!" Carrie snorted in mock annoyance, "but yes, they're in my room, I''l get them."

Carrie was gone around five minutes and returned with a pink bra with obviously padded cups, "Try this" she suggested.

"How will we get it over his arms?" Lavinia asked.

"The straps come off so you can wear it with bare shoulders," Carrie replied.

"Go on then." Amelia ordered as she grasped my Tee shirt and pulled it over my head, leaving it hanging on my arms behind my back..

Carrie pulled the bra around me, she detached the shoulder straps at the back to slip them over my shoulders and I felt a tremor of excitement in her grip, a firm warmth as she pulled the material up against my chest.

"Shorten the&nbsp; straps" Amelia suggested and as Carrie fiddled so the padded mounds settled onto me.

"Hows that, comfortable?" Carrie asked, I nodded so she pulled my Tee shirt back on, 

Suddenly the shirt was well filled, rising up at the front to show my navel.

"Gosh," Lavinia exclaimed, "He looks like a regular girl!"

"Except the legs!" Carrie observed, "Get a razor Amelia."

"I.m not using my Razor on that pervert!" Amelia retorted.

"It's ok, get another tomorrow," Lavinia added, "And shaving cream!"

Amelia reluctantly found her little razor, and Lavina filled a bowl with warm water and as she soaped my legs so Amelia scraped away the hairs.

"Please be careful," I asked, unnecessarily as Amelia's nimble fingers did their work "He has lovely smooth thighs." said Lavinia wistfully, as Amelia shaved right up to my makeshift panties.

"We better make a proper job." Carrie suggested.

"What, his thingy." Amelia suggested.

"No!" I squealed, "You cant it, you might cut me!"

"She meant cream." Lavinia pointed out, "depilatory cream!"

"Good Idea, but I meant shave his balls" Carrie corrected.

"Oh god no you can't" I argued.

"Do the legs with cream first." Amelia suggested. "Then we'll see!"

"I'll shave my balls myself." I offered.

"That's no fun," Amelia argued, as she picked up the tube of depilatory cream and started to work it in to me.

My prick was now in a bad way, over stimulated yet constrained I thought my balls would burst, as Amelia's soft fingers worked the cream into my legs.

They, made me stand and pulled off my makeshift knickers, my prick stood rigidly to attention, pre cum leaking, the veins bulging, a nuclear missile about to explode.

"Hold the bowl, Amelia," Carrie said as she pulled her rubber gloves on, "This bull needs milking."

She cupped my balls with her left hand and encircled the shaft with her right and as I looked at her smile, her perfect teeth, her pale pink lips, and those deep blue eyes, I lost control instantly.

The girls giggled helplessly as my cum splashed uselessly into the bowl, and my penis gradually softened again.

Carrie started to snip away my pubic hairs with scissors but Lavinia suggested that the should leave a heart shape, so they set to work, Carrie snipping with scissors, Amelia scraping with the Razor, Lavinia dabbing on cream where bare skin was revealed.

"Enough." I ordered as Amelia got down to my balls but Lavinia just dragged my shoulders back and I fell back onto the bed and before I could recover she sat on me, her backside against my chin, her shirt rose upto leave her warm round firm bottom, with bared buttocks where her thong had pulled tight.

"Its gone stiff again!" Ameila announced.

I went stiff with fear, as well as stiff with excitement, as I felt the tickling as Amelia scraped the hairs away, and then as Lavinia applied some cold cream to my red hot member the inevitable happened, Amelia took the full force in her face, "You filthy pig." she said but she was smiling.

Cum dripped from her eyebrow and down her cheek to the corner of her mouth where she absent mindedly stuck out her tongue to lick the drip up. "It's salty." she said, "What?"

Lavinia and Carrie just giggled, "It's all over your face." Lavinia gasped.

"You slut!" Carrie giggled.

"You're jealous!" Amelia retorted, "See it's salty," she wiped some from her eyebrow and placed the cum covered finger against Lavinia's lips, "See taste it."

"Yuck, it's slimy" Lavinia squealed.

Carrie wiped some from Amelia's cheek, "Not too bad!" she exclaimed, "I had worse."

"Lavinia's never given head." said Carrie conspiratorially.

"I have so" Lavinia argued.

"Perhaps you can practice on Greg!" Carrie squealed delightedly.

"Hey." I shouted, "Don't I get a say in this?"

"No" they answered in Chorus.

Amelia started to wash away the cream from my legs and belly, "Yuck there's his stuff in that water" Carrie cried.

"So?" Amelia countered, "Pass a cloth over." Lavinia started to dry me bending ever further forward giving ever better views of her inviting buttocks.

"No!" Amelia wailed as I tried to stiffen again, and she yanked my makeshift panties up had against my crotch before neatly guiding my penis back between my legs with her bare fingers.

"Hey guys it's nearly midnight," Amelia suddenly observed, "Quick put his stuff in a carrier bag and get him out of here."

"He'll have to sigh out!" Lavinia&nbsp; squealed.

"He can't sign out as Greg," Amelia announced.

"What was the name of the girl from off campus you used to have over?" Carrie asked, "The one with the frizzy hair?"

"Oh Georgie, Georgina Andrews" Amelia replied

"So sign out as Georgina ah, what," Carrie suggested

"Why not Anderson, similar but not the same?" Lavinia suggested

"Yes Georgina Anderson."

Lavinia let me get up, she undid my wrists and Amelia pulled my skirt up, Carrie pushed my sneakers on and did the laces and they pushed me out the door.

"Bye Georgina, see you tomorrow!" they all trilled in Unison.

To be continued









Part Two


I scowled at old Harry as he insisted I sign out of the girls dorm.

"Look it's not midnight yet!" I whispered.

"It's two minutes past by my watch!" he pointed out, "And its for your protection." the stench of stale beer was almost overwhelming.

I opened the door, elated at my escape but as I felt the cool night air on my freshly shaved legs, the tightness of the padded bra on my chest and my prick imprisoned back between my legs which chafed with every step I felt horribly vulnerable,&nbsp; half the guys on campus would beat me to a pulp if they saw me like this and the other half would form a circle and watch, or worse.

I found a quiet spot beside the Steinhausen building, and slipped my Levis on and the padded bra off, hiding it in the carrier bag Amelia lent me, I felt a lot better, a lot safer. 

I made my way around the sides of the sports field taking the long and quiet way around to my building.

The Fire escape looked the best bet, we had a midnight curfew and without getting the Concierge across from the Colman Allen building I was locked out.

Andy Grant's light was on, beside the fire escape on the third floor, my floor, I just had to get the lower section of ladder down or climb to the second floor, I checked out the drainpipe, it looked sound enough and it ran fairly close alongside the fire escape, I took my belt off and looped it through the handles of my bag, and taking a firm grip on the drainpipe I sort of scrabbled and walked up the wall.

Traversing to the fire escape with its angle iron supports was difficult fifteen feet above the ashphalt path but I made it and I reached across and banged on Andy's window.&nbsp;&nbsp; 

"Let me in!"

"Sure little buddy," Andy announced looking out and he quickly raised the window.

"Thanks, sort of lost track" I said as I scrambled across the window sill and across his study table scattering beer cans and papers.

"No problem-oh dude." he said as I rushed across the room towards the corridor and the safety of my own room.

I slumped in my chair, my heart was beating furiously as I dragged my Levis off and frantically dragged the cut down pantihose off to release my poor tortured penis.

To my profound relief I found that he didn't seem to have suffered any permanent damage, but the heart shaped remnants of my pubic hair looked most bizarre.

I relaxed and thought of my evening, especially when Amelia, or was it Carrie, brought me off with her rubber gloved fingers, and the prospect of Lavinia practising her skills of giving head. Somehow things didn't seem so bad.

I woke around eight in the morning, my arm hurt like hell and I realised I had fallen asleep in my chair, I went and switched on my computer , it had barely played that stupid Microsoft jingle when the ping of an incoming email sounded out.

It was from Amelia. "Hi, Georgina, lets do it again soon!" 

I sort of relaxed, Friday went fine, except there was an email "What size pants and shoes do you wear." It was from Amelia. I replied, I had this bad feeling.

Saturday I went to see my folks, and stayed through to Sunday lunch then I returned to Campus at around eight, there were about thirteen emails from Amelia.

"Reply please." Thirteen times.

I replied "Hi"

"Where have you been!" she replied, "I have something for you Georgina, come over."

My heart sank, I put Amelia's bra and the cut off Pantihose in my bag and made my way over to Amelia's rooms.

"I asked Georgina over, not Greg," she said pointedly, "But we have been shopping."
she opened a carrier bag, "Shoes, and Jeans, second hand of course, try them on."

"No way!" I exclaimed.&nbsp; Amelia picked up her cell phone.

"I could call security!" she suggested.

"Ok," I agreed, "give me some space." but she wouldn't she watched my every move.

"For heaven's sake!" she whined and she grabbed my belt and hauled my Levis down, "Hey I told you to come as Georgina where is the underwear I made you?"

"In my bag" I admitted as my manhood strained making a tent pole of my y fronts.

"I made you something!" she said, "See," It was brown leather, like a reinforced leather thong with straps

"You shouldn't have." I said.

"It was nothing!" she said, grabbing my Y fronts and yanking them down.

"No really, you shouldn't have." I insisted.

"Don't be silly!" she said, "Its much nicer than that stretch nylon, but first," she said ostentatiously pulling on her rubber gloves, "We need to sort this problem."

"Look Amelia." I said but she had the bowl ready and as she cupped my balls with one hand and gently wanked my shaft with the other so I started twitching and suddenly I was cumming, a great jet of creamy cum shot out and she barely grabbed the bowl in time to catch it.

"Is that better?" she asked, "Now just hold still." She looped the belt section of the leather thong around my waist and then guided my rapidly deflating penis back between my legs and pulled the middle section of the thong down and back to hold my penis tight against me then pulled the continuation of the leather flap up and back to where it looped back around the belt section and down to a buckle.

"There!" she said "perfect,"

"Did you make that?" I asked. she nodded. "It must have taken hours!" I suggested.

She nodded, "But worth it!" she grinned, "Now the Jeans." They were at least two sizes too small, I had to lie on the floor,

"Look they'll split before they go on!" I wailed, but they slid gradually into place clinging almost obscenely to my backside.

"Ooh, Georgina, look in the mirror!" she squealed.

I looked and didn't like what I saw, "You look so girly!" she said, "Try the shoes!"

The shoes were a nightmare, the heels were at least three inches high and it was like walking on stilts while standing on tip toe. I minced carefully around the room and Amelia announced she was delighted. 

"I think with a better thong for wearing under your skirts and, I guess a reinforced gusset in the Jeans you will pass for a girl, I think we've cracked it Geogina, you're going to be a girl."

"What!" I objected, but she was working again undoing the belt of my jeans and undoing the buckles of my thong and trying to extract it without removing my trousers.
"It needs a strap at the front maybe two!" she admitted, as she finally dragged it from me, "I'll make one tomorrow!" she promised, "Now put your Bra on and you can go home!"

"You have to be joking, look!" I exclaimed, instead of being tucked away uselessly between my legs my erection now poked rigidly down the leg of my tight jeans.

"Oh," she giggled, I'll get my gloves." she picked up the brown bowl and pulled on the gloves again before pulling my Jeans down and releasing my penis, it sprang free rearing proudly as she cupped my balls and worked the loose skin of my shaft backwards and forwards gently. 

"Oh that's so good." I moaned, "Mind out I think I'm." I broke off, there was no doubt, the eruption started deep in my balls, forced it's was along my shaft and erupted as she watched, she made no attempt to catch it, she just let it splash he face once more.

Cum dripped down her face, from her left eyebrow, across her cheek and down her nose to drip off her chin and into the bowl.

"Why didn't you use the bowl?" I asked.

"Look, you do what I tell you and anyway you were too violent,"&nbsp; she said awkwardly,"all that lust, it's a good job I released it for you or you might have exploded!" she said.
as she grabbed my shrinking member and pushed it up and back trapping it once more as she pulled my Jeans up hard into my crotch again,&nbsp; "Right you can go home!" she announced. 

I wanted to say thanks, when can I see you again,&nbsp; but it hardly seemed appropriate.

I found a good spot among some bushes to discard the bra and slip my own Levis over the Jeans, and I was home long before curfew.

I checked my emails and Amelia had sent a message already, "I need my Jeans back, bring them to the Library tomorrow lunchtime."

It seemed a reasonable request so as soon as I could I made sure my door was firmly locked and peeled off the Jeans, my poor tortured penis sprung free and I checked him out pretty thoroughly, he didn't look any the worse for wear, just pretty satisfied.

I wrapped the Jeans up in a brown paper parcel, and next day I caught up with Amelia in the Library at Lunchtime.

There was another email when I checked later, "Same place, same time, I have something for you!"

I met her again at lunchtime, she returned the parcel, with a smile, "My place seven thirty!" she ordered.

"Look I can't" I explained.

"Make it eight then, no arguments!" she hissed as she picked up the parcel turned on her heel and walked out the building.

I went right back to my room, locked the door and found she had returned the Jeans, heavily reinforced with leather around the crotch, and now lined in silk.

I tried them on, it was not easy but after a nightmare trying to tuck my penis back between my legs I managed to get them done up. I was quite relieved!

I dressed normally and headed back to class, I had commitments, but I wriggled out of them and around seven thirty I headed for Amelia's place, I took my sports bag, once again I changed in the bushes, slipping on the padded bra and slipping off my Levis, ols Harry looked up and smiled as I walked in, "Hi there Miss Anderson!.you ought to move in, you spend so much time here!" he said.

I just grinned and made my way to Amelia's room.

They were all there, Amelia, Carrie and Lavinia.

"Hi, you're early, you must be keen!" Carrie giggled.

"How's the Jeans?" Amelia asked.

"Hell to get on," I admitted.

"We thought about that and we came up with," she produced a long silk scarf. "Da Dahh" she sort of imitated&nbsp; a trumpet, "this!"

"So?" I enquired, "What's that for?"

"You'll see later." Amelia laughed, "But Georgina, I think you owe us a favour, a small service which you are uniquely equipped to perform.

"Oh god, what?" I asked, as Amelia had me sit on her bed, she undid my Jeans and dragged them off me.

"Now Georgina," Amelia announced holding my rapidly swelling penis between her fingers, "this little penis, we decided that perhaps as it is only small then it could be useful to us."

"What?" I asked.

"Well poor Lavinia has never had occasion to suck a penis, obviously if she is to keep a man she needs to practice and as you have a half size, ah what's the word, appendage." 

"What!" I demanded again.

"Don't be awkward," Amelia suggested, "Just sit down, and be nice to her,"

"I'm not sure Amelia!" Lavinia suggested. "Really."

"For heavens sake, what kind of control freak are you!" I asked.

"I'm just helping my friend out," Amelia suggested, "And you don't want the Principal to find you sneaking about in the girls dorm in womens clothes do you?"

"I guess." I said.

"It looks awful big Amelia."

"Look, don't be stupid." I started to say.

"Shut it!" Amelia retorted.

"Look that's a very pretty blouse," I said, "we don't want to get stuff on it, I think."&nbsp; 

"You are right," Amelia said, slip it off Lavinia." Lavinia slipped the buttons of her shimmering white blouse and slid it gently from her shoulders and handed it to Amelia, Lavinia's breasts gently swelled the cups of her pristine white bra and I felt my erection grow even larger.

"What about your Bra, Lavinia?" Carrie asked.

"No, stuff should wash out." Lavinia blushed, "How do I do this?"

"Stand up Georgina," Amelia said. "and you kneel down in front Lavinia, and take the tip in your hand."

"Aaarrrgggh." I wailed as she grasped my protruding helmet, "That hurt!"

"Grip the shaft silly" said Carrie, and then Lavinia dipped her head and she fed my tip between her ruby red lips and I thought I had gone to heaven.

"Gently Georgina, let her go at her own speed.

"Um Swaga" Lavinia exclaimed.

"Relax, don't gag." Amelia advised, and I felt myself sliding ever further inside Lavinia's perfect mouth.

I felt her chin against my balls, I was right inside her, she breathed easily enough through her nose, "Well suck him!" Amelia ordered.

"Wassa hap if hecump." she said unintelligably.

I thrust gently.

"You do not fuck her face, is that clear!" Amelia ordered as she slapped my buttock, suddenly I couldn't hold on any longer, the pressure in my balls felt too great, my shaft started twitching and Lavinia started gagging.

Lavinia coughed, I fell back and a great spurt of my cum splashed Lavinia's perfect nose, she gasped and the second spurt got her right in the mouth and then the spurting diminished.

"You look like a whore nin a Japanese film!" Carrie squealed and then she shut up in embarrassment as Amelia gave her a quizzical look.

I took a wipe from Amelia and started to clean up Lavinia's face.

"It was to wipe yourself with moron." Amelia announced, but I didn't stop, I wanted her face beautiful again so I could kiss it, but then Lavinia brought me back to reality.

"Yuck!"Lavinia said, "do you guys really like doing that?"

"Its better than getting menstrual blood everywhere when you have a boy and a period." Carrie rationalised.

"Well I never want to do it again, period." Lavinia lied.

"It's much less messy if you swallow, try swallowing, when Georgina recovers.

"He's all soft." Carrie noted, "You got stuff on your Bra Lavinia, give it here I'll wipe it."

Lavinia removed her bra, her firm breasts barely sagged and her nipples stood out proudly, "Ooh look, you turned Greg, I mean Georgina, on!"

My Penis reared and Amelia quickly wiped it with some tissue and made me stand.

"No." Lavinia refused.

"Don't be silly!" Amelia ordered, "Open." she slapped Lavinia's left nipple with a hairbrush she took from the dressing table and as Lavinia yelped so Amelia pushed my Penis forward and between Lavinia's lips.&nbsp; 

 Lavinia tried to pull away but Amelia had grabbed the silk scarp and started to wind it around my back and Lavinia's neck. trapping us, not that I wanted her to stop, far from it, she may have been an oral virgin but she sure learned fast, her breathing was regular, her sucking rhythmic.

"I'm going to cum, are you ready." I asked.

"HummHumph erry" Lavinia confirmed and then I was pumping her throat full of creamy cum. 

She struggled but she was unable to get away, "she's choking!" Carrie squealed "quick!"

Amelia slipped the knot on the silk scarf, and Lavinia pushed away from me gagging and choking, she spat my cum into the brown bowl lying on the floor.

"Are you all right?" I asked.

"No!" Lavinia wailed. "I nearly choked, you beast!"

" Lavinia," Amelia chided her, Georgina has only got a little cock, how are you going to suck a proper one?"

"I don't know!"Lavinia sobbed, tears running down her cheeks. "I don't know."

"I'm sorry," I said.

"You're not sorry, I saw that look on your face!" Carrie corrected me.

"No, alright," I agreed, "it was great until I nearly killed her!" I put a protective arm around Lavinia.

"It wasn't Greg's fault, it was yours Amelia," Lavinia said.

I gently added my other arm and cupped Lavinia's firm breasts

"Yes but you can keep practising and then move on to bigger men." Amelia insisted, "Greg's sort of a half way house."

"Well I don't want you interfering next time!" Lavinia insisted, "And you leave my breasts alone!" she snapped at me, but she made no attempt to move my arms away.

"Hey, we have a deal," Carrie announced, "He's ours plural."

"Plural's two," Amelia announced, "we're three."

"Exactly, so none of us have exclusive use." Carrie insisted.

"Don't I get a say?" I asked.

"No!" they replied in unison.

"Anyway I wanted to show how to use the scarf," Said Amelia as she pulled me away from Lavinia, "Look" she just pushed the end of the scarf down between my legs from the front, "See" she pulled it up from behind me and as she did so she pulled my Jeans up, my penis just blended into the gap between my legs as she gradually pulled.

"See," she said, "Easy."

I had to agree it was much easier than last time.
"I think you had better go" Amelia suggested almost angrily.

"Yes it's getting late!" I agreed, I took my bag and left, but instead of heading down to the entrance lobby I waited at the end of the corridor.&nbsp; Ten minutes passed and then Lavinia appeared, I waited until she closed Amelia's door and then I followed her.

Lavinia opened her door and before she could close it I stepped inside with her, she gasped.

"Are you all right!" I asked.

"No go away!" she squealed. and tried to shut the door, "We have an agreement!"

"I saw Amelia on her own!" I admitted.

"What!" she said.

"Amelia had me round, we sort of." Lavinia slapped me across my cheek, she was angry, 
"You beast," she snapped, I could see she was fine, angry, but fine.

"You're fine I see." I agreed, holding my cheek, "I would have stayed if you had been upset."

"In your dreams." she replied.

"I'll go," I offered and when she remained silent I slipped quietly from the room.

"Georgina" I heard a voice behind me, I turned, Lavinia had called after me, "Just a minute."

"What?" I asked.

"Can I ask you something," she replied.

"Sure," I agreed,

"Inside." she added, so I returned to her room, "Can you keep a secret?" she asked.

"For you, yes of course." I agreed.

"Your thing, it's not very big is it?" she suggested.

"Well I'm sure you're well aware of that," I replied irritably.

"But some men have much bigger ones?" she asked, "In the showers after sports?"

"Sure,why." I asked.

"Quarter backs, like ten inches." she said.

"Some, why?" I asked.

"I can't take all that!" she protested, not straight away.

"Just relax more don't gag, ah, I don't know." she shook her head.

"Not there!" She said.

"What, in your bottom?" I enquired.

"No, No!, No!"

"You're surely not a virgin?"  I exclaimed in amazement.&nbsp; She nodded.

"And you want a small practise penis?" I asked, "Before you move on to a real man?"

She nodded.

"Well fuck you!" I swore.

I was so upset, how dare she use me as a sex object, I took my bag and stormed from the room, and it was only when I was halfway back to my room that I realised I was being a total idiot.

To be Continued










Review This Story
 || Email Author:  A.Broadsword


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





