BDSM Library - Lisa's introduction to becoming a BDSM slut whore




Lisa's introduction to becoming a BDSM slut whore
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: this story is almost all true with very minor alterations in the training of a beautiful married woman by a sadistic madam






LISA'S INTRODUCTION TO BECOMING A BDSM WHORE SLAVEGIRL 




CHAPTER 1

Lisa looked at herself in the mirror before she left home with her husband, John. She was 26 years old, 7 years younger than John, and knew she was a real looker as John would say. Her hair was a golden blonde cut just above her shoulders and kept in a very simple style, she had large blue eyes, beautiful cheek bones and a pretty nose, she thought her mouth was a little too large but she had lovely shapely lips and nice teeth. Lisa was a UK size 8, a lovely small waist, her bust was a UK size 34c, very firm but her nipples were outstanding when aroused and John had actually measured them one evening during foreplay at nearly 1inch long so guessed that was her freaky part of the body. Her rear was cute as John put it, small but round, just the right shape, her legs were long and she stood barefoot at 5ft 10in tall. Lisa had shaved her pussy for the first time at Johns request and was getting quite excited at the evening ahead, a meal at Johns boss's country club, at his bosses request as John was going on business to Asia for upto 3 months next week, she knew John obviously wanted a night of passion when they got home so she had dressed to his request. Lisa wore a tiny black thong, thin black suspender belt with 5 thin straps to hold up each seamed black silk stocking, 3inch black heels with an ankle strap and finally her black cupless bra with adjustable straps all around and had been set at hole 3 around each breast which just slightly squeezed them but not in an uncomfortable way, shoulder straps at 5 to lift the breasts high, rear strap at 7 and centre strap between the cups at 8 wich caused the breats to pull apart and tend to point the nipples slightly outwards. She felt really sexy and this was all concealed by her black dress, 6 buttons at the front from top to bottom and which covered her cleavage and reached just above the knee, quite classy but she was sure John would want her to undo a few buttons in the cab on the way home. She put on her diamond stud earings, checked her lipstick and went to meet John who was ready to go.

They arrived in good time and enjoyed a fantastic meal with Johns boss, Peter, and his wife Pamela. They were in their mid fifties and such great fun. Lisa had met Peter twice before at work functions but only briefly. He was a very handsome man and a self made multi millionaire. She had never met Pamela before but they hit it off straight away as she was very witty and funny. The evening went well but Lisa knew she had perhaps drunk a tiny bit too much wine and as they retired to the bar for after meal drinks and coffee, she excused herself and went to the ladies room. Pamela went with her and Lisa then admitted to being a litle flushed and dizzy. Pamela suggested a private cubicle as they provided a chair and make-up section, quite luxurious actually. Lisa was quite dizzy so Pamela told her to sit down once they were in the cubicle which made her feel a little better, then Pamela suggested Lisa undo a couple of buttons on her dress and before Lisa could even think, Pamela had already undone 3 for her! Lisa never had time to blink before the lot were undone as Pamela quickly said it was probably a little tight and Lisa needed to cool down......well, Pamela gasped at Lisa's scantily clad body and her wonderful round breasts! Lisa tried to cover them with her hands but Pamela moved them away and told her not cover up but cool down. As pamela admired Lisa's body she leaned over and looked into her eyes, Lisa felt a slight tingle, it had never happened before but she felt interested and attracted to this woman, she had never fancied or been with the opposite sex but this womam, Pamela, was very interesting. Pamela was 52, dark brown hair, unusually tall at nearly 6ft, in fab shape and carried her 38dd bust very well. Lisa also bent her head forward and the 2 kissed, very lightly, then eagerly probed each others mouth with tongues. Lisa was shocked at herself and very aroused, but Pamela was in control, this had been planned carefully over the last 2 months with Peter and John without the knowledge of Lisa.

As they kissed, Lisa felt very vulnarable wearing barely any clothes in front of another woman and tried to loosen some of Pamela's attire but was firmly put back in her place. Pamela told her to remove her hands or she would use handcuffs to restrain her. Lisa giggled and tried to fondle Pamela again, so this time the police style cuffs were produced and fastened so fast it shocked Lisa. She was now stood up by Pamela, wearing her heels, suspender belt, stockings, thong, cupless bra and wearing handcuffs behind her back.....feeling hornier than ever before in a private cubicle in the country clubs ladies room, with a woman she had never met until this evening and who was old enough to be her mother. Pamela stood beside Lisa and pulled the young womans head back and whispered to her... "call me madam from now on you dirty girl".... Lisa giggled but felt excited by this sex game......what a game....she had no idea about her future! Pamela pinched Lisa's nipple,... "dont laugh, I am serious bitch, call me madam!" ..... "yes madam" replied Lisa..... " good girl, we have about 15 minutes to play before the boys start to wonder where we are, they will be enjoying a few brandies so let yourself go and do as I ask". Again Lisa confirmed in the correct manner and decided she liked this role play. Lightning fast, Pamela ripped the fastening on Lisa's thong and pulled it off, putting it in her own handbag.... "collect this from my home when John departs for Asia, you wont need it tonight"..... "yes madam, of course" Lisa said in amazement at her rapid submission in this game. She would definately go and visit Pamela, perhaps for more fun! Pamela continued to kiss and probe Lisa's lips, ears and neck with her tongue while caressing her breasts, pulling each nipple which were very aroused, stroking her pert rear giving it the occasional pinch. Lisa began to groan with sexual pleasure, she was becoming very very aroused and wet.....and totally helpless! Pamela then spread Lisa's legs wide apart and then began to lick and bite her nipples while using her other hand she alternated between tugging her clit, outer lips and sliding her finger in and out of Lisa's pussy. Pamela commended Lisa's smooth shaven pussy and told her to keep it like that at all times. As Lisa began to breath heavily and make a noise, Pamela covered her mouth with her hand to suppress the volume and informed Lisa that if she behaved and they played again, then&nbsp; perhaps a gag should be used......this triggered Lisa into an orgasm and her juices ran down her inner thighs onto her stocking tops. While Lisa was having her multi orgasms, Pamelas hand continued to work the helpless girls pussy while the other hand pulled, pinched and slapped her nipples, all the time Pamela looking Lisa in the eyes whispering she was a dirty little slut.

Lisa was exhausted when Pamela decided to stop, her nipples were massive, so long that Lisa was sure they had never before been that legnth and thickness, they looked abnormal on each firm breast, pointing outwards at angles, red and sore. Her clit and outer lips had been tugged, stretched, twisted and were aching at the workout they had been given. Pamela took a good last tug on Lisa's clit, lips and nipples and remarked they would sensational adorned with jewellry as they were all an increadible legnth. Lisa, still cuffed and vulnerable, watched lusting after Pamela as the woman she had decided to address as madam, washed her hands and brushed up her hair. Pamela then spun Lisa around and with her lipstick wrote "SLUT WHORE" in 2inch letters between Lisa's shoulder blades, just high enough so they couldnt be wiped off, she would need a back brush when she got home. She then uncuffed Lisa, told her to clean up and remake her face, but to leave her juice stains over her body and stocking tops and to keep the top 2 and bottom 2 buttons on her dress undone. Lisa was still in a state of shock, surprise and slightly ashamed of what she has so easily done but was in awe of this older woman and wanted desperately to touch and use her body too, so while re-appling her make up and putting on her dress as ordered.....reavealing her lovely cleavage and the tops of her stockings as she sat down in the bar soon after,..... she made up her mind to call Pamelas bluff and collect her ripped thong next week.

When John and Lisa arrived home, they stripped in the bedroom and John asked Lisa about the lipstick writing on her back.....she had completely forgotten about it......so she told him Pamela had done it as a joke when she slipped her dress just past her shoulders in the ladies room as she was very hot and uncomfortable due to drinking slightly too much..... and the older woman had enquired about her sexy bra and called her a slut whore as a joke.......how easily Lisa lied. Thank god he didnt ask about her not wearing her thong in the back of the cab as she sat there, legs apart, letting him stroke her pussy discretely out of the drivers view.




CHAPTER 2

The following week, John had gone to Asia and over having a coffee at home, this brought Lisa back to thinking about her brief session with Pamela. She was ashamed at getting slightly drunk and letting herself be put in the position she had been in. Nevertheless, she had been so aroused and orgasmed like never before, she remained constantly thinking about her escapade. This older woman, Pamela, John's boss's wife, had her questioning her sexuallity so she decided to try and forget all that had happened and get on with her life.

4 days had passed and when Lisa answered the phone one mornig, it was Pamela....."well slut whore, are you coming to get your thong or do you want me to send it to your husband in Hong Kong?".......Lisa was surprised but remained quite calm and said she would collect it in a few days........"a few days is not good enough slut whore, you have 2 hours to get here, and wear exactly what you wore before" shouted Pamela and put the phone down. Lisa found herself obeying the instructions readily and drove to her destination.

Lisa pulled up at the large house and was greeted by a japanese maid who ushered her into a room and disapeared. Lisa sat in the large room which had heavy drapes around the walls but didnt wait long as Pamela soon arrived. She looked sensational, her hair was slicked back and she wore heavy make up, a tight fitting see-through white blouse which revealed her black bra, a tight short skirt, hold-up stockings and really high ankle boots, the heel must have been 5inches. Lisa gulped as Pamela looked 20 years younger than her age!&nbsp; "hello slut whore" boomed Pamela....."come to get your thong back?"......."yes" stammered Lisa......"yes what you slut whore"...."yes madam" apologised Lisa. "good" replied Pamela "but you will have to earn it bitch!"

Pamela ordered Lisa to remove all of her clothing except her adjustable cupless bra, legs apart, hands behind back. Lisa did as commanded and stood in the desired position in front of Pamela who ordered her to open her legs wider. Pamela told Lisa she was pleased she had kept her pussy smooth and confirmed she may be rewarded later. "did you enjoy the cuffs I used on you slut whore?" asked Pamela....."yes madam" Lisa replied truthfully. Again Lisa felt really strange virtually naked in front of this woman old enough to be her mother but was getting slightly aroused. Her nipples began to stiffen as Pamela brushed past her and wondered just what she had let herself in for and what was going to happen. Pamela produced some heels for Lisa, they were 6inch. Lisa was ordered to put them on and really struggled to keep her balance. Pamela then produced leather wrist and ankle restraints which Lisa was also told to put on. The feel of the leather excited Lisa and Pamela sensed this. Pamela clipped the wrist cuffs behind Lisa's back knowing that she now had this slut at her mercy for as long as she liked, after all, Lisa didnt work and hadnt had children yet. Pamela then held Lisa's face and informed her she was going to make Lisa BDSM slut whore, not only to her, but also for other people to use. Lisa gasped and asked Pamela to release her, Pamela replied by slapping her face hard, told her to obey every order and learn to enjoy her new situation as an object of use. If she didnt obey, John would lose his job and be blacklisted in the UK and never work again. Lisa was unaware that John was in with this plan and started to laugh, then cry when she realised this was not roleplay as she had thought. Pamela brought her back to reality by slapping her face again and told her to stop crying!

Once Lisa had calmed down, Pamela looked at her young slut whore, dressed in 6inch black heels, adjustable cupless bra, wrist cuffs behind her back and ankle cuffs on her spread legs. Pamela was satisfied that she could now begin to use Lisa and pulled back the drapes on one wall to reaveal all types of BDSM instruments. She started by using a ball-gag on her to keep her silent.....how lovely Lisa looked in this. Next Pamela put a large leather collar on Lisa followed by 3 tight&nbsp; leather straps between her shoulders and elbows....this caused a bit of discomfort to Lisa as it pulled her shoulders right back and ger breasts out....she decided to go along with this then get the hell out tonight when it was over and never return.....she was unaware she would serve Pamela for quite some time! Pamela whisperd in Lisa's ear that she was certain to enjoy the next stage. Lisa was suddenly made to step into a pair of latex pants which were pulled up to her thighs. Pamela showed Lisa a medium sized butt-plug which made Lisa's eyes widen in fear, was this woman mad? Pamela stroked Lisa's pussy and clit until she began to move her hips, her juice was spread over the butt-plug and this was inserted with some difficulty into Lisa's anus. "you will learn to like that a lot you slut whore as well as so many other things" said Pamela. A 5inch black dildo was inserted into her pussy and the latex pants were puled up into position very tight so the 2 implements inside her were securely in position and would remain so despite any movement. Lisa moaned as each movement however slight aroused her and sent sensations she had never experienced in her pussy and anus. Pamela then adjusted Lisa's bra so the straps around each breast were set to 4 which really squeezed the base and made them bulbous, shoulder straps set at 6 to lift the breast really up high, while the rear strap was set to 6 and the centre strap at 9 which made when point out east and wets in a ridiculous way and was very unconfortable. "how delightful you look now slut" said Pamela....Lisa could only moan. Pamela then produced an ankle spreader, just a small one which kept Lisa's legs apart at 22inches, then attatched a leather leash to her collar. Lisa was then humiliated by Pamela taking photos of her at many angles. Finally, Pamela whispered to Lisa that while she had a coffee, her japanese house maid, Kim, would take Lisa out in the house grounds to stretch her legs. Lisa nearly collapsed and writhed and mumbled in shame at her predicament......"dont worry slut, Kim is a very good maid" said Pamela and laughed as she walked out of the room.

Lisa was alone for only 2 minutes before Kim arrived. She still wore her maids uniform but now wore boots which still only took her to 5ft 2inches tall, way below Lisa. Kim took the leash and yanked it nearly choking Lisa, who stumbled but regained herself before nearly fell. "walk!" barked Kim as Lisa followed slowly due to the ankle spreader. Each step sent sensations deep into her pussy and anus and each time she slowed or faultered, Kim turned around and pulled each nipple reall hard. Lisa soon got the hang of it and after nearly 10 minutes her pussy was saturated. Kim stopped near the gates at the bottom of the drive.....my god, Lisa just wanted to get out of this place......why had she let herself do this.....it all seemed too late now. Kim re-attached the end of the leash to the back of the collar then ran it down her back and attatched it to the centre of the ankle spreader. This arched her backwards pushing her breasts up making them now really look obscenely askew. The japanese maid took off Lisa's ball-gag to rest her aching jaws much to her relief. Lisa was so helpless and at Kims mercy she just had to obey and go along with her orders. Kim ran her hand over Lisa's nipples which were massive by now and said they looked as if they should belong on a cow! Due to Lisa being bent backwards, she was not far off head height with Kim who took her opportunity and gave Lisa a prolonged kiss on her lips while pulling and twisting her nipples. Lisa began to groan in this aroused state but kim stopped every 20 seconds like clockwork for a further 20 seconds of rest. Lisa was driven to the brink of orgasm the teasingly stopped by this little japanese sadistic maid. After what seemed like 15 minutes of this, Kim stopped, then spat on Lisa's sore breasts and face about 10 times.....it was disgusting! Lisa was sure during this time that vehicles had passed the gate, but was too preoccupied with Kim abusing her. Kim put the leash back into walking mode, re-attatched the ball-gag and before setting off back to the house shouted at Lisa "I make orgasm big style when i am ready!"



 
CHAPTER 3

Lisa was glad to be back in the house with Pamela, although her breasts and nipples ached from Kims abuse. Her ball-gag was removed, she was given a drink then taken into another room, very dim, dark and small. her ankle spreader was removed, also the 3 straps between her shoulders and elbows, much to her releif. Kim assisted Pamela in taking Lisa to a leather padded bench, like the type she had vaulted over at school. She was ordered to mount the bench and lay on her back. Kim then fastened her legs with the ankle cuffs either side to the bottom of the bench making them spread apart wide. Her wrists followed suit either side at the other end so she once again remained helpless and humiliated.&nbsp; A leather hood was put on her with eye, mouth and nose holes, this also had the facility if required at some stage, to attatch eye shields so the wearer couldnt see. The bench had many attatchments, rings, straps, kneeling places for others to use to name a few and this is what Pamela intended to use at some stage of this session.

Pamela produced a small leather tawse, looked at the fear in Lisa's eyes and said " my little helpless slut whore, you have done well so far, but we are barely begining. I want you to eventually take up to 500 lashes in one session, on whatever part of your body I choose and with whatever implement I desire to use. You will learn to orgasm at my precise command from just taking the whip, and by the look of your juices running out of those pants, this wont be much of a problem. I will not mark your body, certainly not in this early stage but I&nbsp; am sure will beg me to in the future". Lisa shuddered and closed her eyes.

Pamela's first strike was on Lisa's left breast and she screamed. This was followed by 9 more and the same on the other breast. Her nipples felt like they were on fire, the pain shooting through them. "please madam, please, no more" begged Lisa. Pamela then picked up a riding crop and flogged her upper thighs 20 times each. Lisa was in agony and writhing which made her pussy wetter than ever with the dildo fastened in there and the butt-plug in her anus. Her final torment for the time being the crop being used 10 times on each breast. As Lisa began to cry, Pamela said " well done slut whore, now you may have a reward. You have permission to lick my pussy when I&nbsp; am ready." Lisa had never ever done this or anything else with a woman and didnt think she would be able to.

Kim removed Lisa's hood, followed by her ankle cuffs which enabled Pamela to remove the latex pants. The butt-plug was left in and the saturated dildo removed. Pamela took this to Lisa's mouth and ordered her to lick it clean while Kim took more photos of this event. "lick it clean and taste your filthy pussy you dirty slut whore!" shouted Pamela. Lisa readilly obeyed as she didnt want flogging again. 

Pamela removed her short skirt, blouse, and when she removed her bra Lisa's eyes widened at the size of Pamelas breasts. They were reall big, they seemed double the size of hers and the nipples were pierced and adorned with pendant earings about 2 inches long.....Lisa couldnt take her eyes off Pamela who then removed her black lace undies which revealed a really hairy pussy but neatly trimmed. Lisa did not want to go there, she had made her mind up! Pamela pulled out 2 kneeling pads, 1 either side of Lisa's head, while Kim re-attatched Lisa's ankle cuffs in their previous poition. Kim was ordered back in a suitable position to photograph this next scene. 

Pamela mounted the bench, her knees on the pads and leaned over Lisa so her pussy was straddled about 12 inches above Lisa's head. Lisa looked up and saw Pamelas hairy pussy above her.....oh god....she was pierced in her outer labia too, 4 in each, adorned by large gold rings. This was too much for Lisa and she closed her eyes. She was startled and opened her eyes when Pamela reached over her and tugged Lisa's clit, it aroused Lisa again and her juices started running out of her pussy, "reach your head up and lick when you are ready slut whore!" shouted Pamela. Lisa looked up and could smell Pamelas pussy above her, she knew she should be appalled but wasnt, but still couldnt bring herself to lick her. Kim then bought over some pegs for Pamela. These where attatched to Lisa's outer labia, 5 on each, then 3 on each inner labia followed by 1 on her clit. They hurt as they were attatched, then it subsided. Next 7 were attatched at random to each breast and one on each nipple. "I think the nipples, inner and outer labia and clit will look beatiful when pierced in those places" said Pamela to Kim.&nbsp; Pamela then flicked at the pegs in whatever order she chose, Lisa began to writhe in agony and exstacy, she became very aroused at this despite the pain and hearing Pamela talk about piercing her really turned her on. 

It probably took 10 minutes of this teasing to really arouse Lisa, then Pamela removed the pegs on her breasts and nipples, which was extreme pain. Kim was ordered to flick the pegs on Lisa's, clit, inner and outer lips, as much as she liked, which pleased her greatly and she got down to work pulling, twisting and flicking then slowly building on Lisa's aroused state. Pamela had a very short thin tawse and started flicking Lisa's nipples and breast. The stinging sensation was unbearable for Lisa but coupled with Kim working on her pussy she could not help herself getting into an aroused state. "you want to lick me dont you slut whore" said Pamela and Lisa accepted defeat. Lisa opened her eyes, looked at the hairy wet pierced pussy 12 inches above and reached her head up. The musky smell of Pamela's pussy hit her and she craned her neck up and ran her tongue over Pamela's slit and labia rings. " good girl, you like it then.....you must keep going if you are a slut whore....otherwise just stop and you can go home now". Lisa was out of control and reached up again, just managing to touch Pamela's slit with the tip of her tongue....Lisa wanted to keep licking but Pamela kept raising herself higher. " do you want my pussy then girl, are you a slut whore?"........"yes madam yes, more please, please" cried Lisa. " what are you girl?" shouted Pamela......."a slut whore madam" cried Lisa. Pamela slowly lowered herself onto Lisa's eager tougue and soaked her face with pussy juice. Kim continued to work on Lisa's bruised and swollen pussy before Pamela gave Lisa 30 terrible hard lashes over both breasts and shouted "orgasm now you filthy slut whore!!!!!!!!!"&nbsp; Lisa had multiple orgasms while licking Pamela's pussy, having her breast thrashed and cut and having her pussy thourougly punished and spat upon by Kim.


to be continued.....&nbsp; 









LISA'S INTRODUCTION INTO BECOMING A BDSM WHORE SLAVEGIRL - Part 2


CHAPTER 4

Lisa woke up the next morning and found herself alone in large bedroom. She tried to get her thoughts together, remember all she had done and been through....was it all real? She knew it was and also remembered being taken to the bedroom by Kim, bathed, given 2 pills and told to rest. 

She got up and found she was naked, her body had been marked with small cuts and scratches to her lovely breasts, but she knew it wasnt permanent and would heal soon. This had been caused by Pamelas thrashing of them. Lisa couldnt find any clothing so tried the door, it was locked so she went into the adjoining bathroom. She then saw some clothing and a note. She slowley read through the note which were instructions from Pamela. Lisa was to get dressed, prepare her make up and be ready for 10am. The door would be opened by Kim who would then take Lisa to complete todays tasks. Lisa went back into the bedroom and glanced at the clock, god, she had less than 15 minutes to prepare, so hurrying, started to get ready. She washed her face and prepared her make up, the instructions were to wear it heavy and fasten her hair up. Then she looked at the clothing....dressing in black hold up stockings, black 6 inch heels, very short red skirt virtually showing the tops of her hold ups and her thighs, white button top blouse and leather collar. When ready, she looked at herself in the full legnth mirror barely recognising herself.......she looked like a whore but knew she had to comply. She remembered the photos being taken of her and the threat of Pamela to expose them. Lisa also remembered the shame of reaching up willingly to lick Pamelas pussy.

At precicely 10am, the door opened and Kim walked in. Lisa was checked and approved by kim who then attatched a leather leash to her collar and marched her out. Lisa said she was hungry and thirsty but Kim ignored her protests and just slapped her telling her to shut up. Lisa got the message quickly and wondered what was about to happen. She didnt wait long as Kim put on a jacket which made her look quite respectable, then pulled the leash and Lisa followed. They went outside the house and stood by the main door, a large black car pulled up and the male driver grinned and opened the rear door for Kim and Lisa. Lisa felt so ashamed and wanted to cry but knew it would ruin her make up but couldnt as she was sure she would be punished. The car pulled off out out of the main gates and drove to a suburb of the city, Lisa knew roughly where she was but couldnt really be sure as everything seemed a little run down. The car stopped outside a row of shops and Kim ushered Lisa out......Lisa could hardly hide her shame as a few people stared at her. She was then lead into the shop which was clearly a tattoo parlour......Lisa became fearful at what might happen and started to plead with Kim to leave...."dont worry bitch, your not having tattoo, maybe another time, we just have a little inspection". Lisa calmed a little and was greeted by a guy who introduced&nbsp; himself..."hi, i'm Jim...well...very nice Kim...I have my instructions from Madam Pamela so lets get started".

Lisa was taken into the adjoining room which was private and told to remove her top and skirt. She did this and actually found she enjoyed showing herself to Jim who was pretty fit. Kim removed the leash and sat near her. Jim asked Lisa to sit back in the medical chair, then proceeded to secure her hands with cuffs to the sides. Lisa thought she might enjoy the mans penis in her and started to get wet thinking just how big his cock might be. Jim then attatched side stirrups and put her ankles into the rest which were strapped in tight. Her collar was fasted back so she couldnt pull her head up but at least she could see sideways. She groaned a little as the stirrups were widened and her pussy was exposed, a slight trickle of juice running out down her slit. Jim put a ball-gag on her which made her think if his cick might be huge and hurt her, the gag being in place to keep her noise down. Lisa looked at Kim who smiled at her..... she saw kim put her own hand up her skirt....the maid was obviously playing with herself! Jim looked at Lisa, a needle in his hand, Lisa's eyed started bulging in fear and her body tensed before Jim said, " dont worry girl, this wont hurt, its a little jab to numb you". Lisa felt the needle in each breast and around her pussy. It didnt hurt but why had she let herself be so stupid last week in the ladies rest room with Pamela, she really regreted what had happened but couldnt explain why she was so aroused.

After several minutes, Jim bought over a medical trolley and began to work on Lisa's body. He used a tool to stretch each nipple and pierced the base. Silver bars were inserted and the ends fastened. Lisa was aware of what was happening but not in any great discomfort. Jim then proceeded to pierce her outer labia in 5 places each, into which siver rings were fastend. Her clitoris followed with 1 piercing and a larger ring attatched. Lisa knew this had been done professionally and when this ordeal was over and she was reunited with her husband, she hoped all would heal quickly and there would never be any trace.
Jim removed her ball-gag and turned her head to the side....." I am not allowed to fuck you girl but I want paying, you will suck my cock now". Lisa could hardly refuse as his cock was unzipped, it must have been 9inches and very thick, and was pushed into her mouth. Oh my god she thought, she actually enjoyed it, her pussy was soaked and she needed this in her but knew it wasnt going to happen. Jim pumped her slowly then as he became closer to orgasm he upped the tempo in her mouth. Lisa was nearly choking as he withdrew and spurted semen all over her hair and face. She caught a few drops in her mouth and licked what she could off her lips. She really wanted fucking now!


 

CHAPTER 5


Once dressed and back in the car, Kim gave her a drink, a wipe to clear her face and told her to reapply her make up. Kim then informed Lisa they would be visiting Madam Pamela's closest friend and to obey everything she was asked to do. In Lisa's aroused state she felt she would do anything.

The drive took about 10 minutes and Lisa could now feel her nipples, clit and labia gently throb as the numbness wore off. Kim lead Lisa out of the car and to the front door of a very nice house. Lisa couldnt car who saw her now but hoped she might get a nice cock up her, so great was her arousal, and the throbbing kept her mind on those newly adorned parts of her body. If the idea of piercings were to heighten the sensations, as she had once read, it was certainly working.

The door was opened and Lisa took in the lovely interior of the goergian home. The woman who opened the door introduced herself as Susan, Pamelas friend. She was maybe around 60 years old, pretty overweight, but hair done well and dressed very well which then made Lisa feel very slutty. "you are here for my pleasure dear" said Susan and took my leash from Kim who was dismissed. " Pamela said you had a beautiful firm body and initally it looks good" said Susan. "Thank you maam" stammered Lisa. Susan told lisa not be nervous and took her into a large day room. As Susan sat down, she ordered Lisa to stand in front of her, facing forwards, hands behind head, shoulders arched. Lisa did as she was told and immeadiately felt her top rub over her pierced nipple....the sensation bringing her pleasure. Lisa was the ordered to turn around and was again given approval of her body by Susan. Lisa felt like a naughty schoolgirl in front of a strict school mistress and found herself getting rarther turned on by this performance. "now get on your hands and knees and crawl around like dog" Susan ordered. Lisa lowered herself to the floor and knew her far too short skirt must be revealing too much but obeyed Susan and started to crawl. "good little bitch.....I think my friends will here soon, you can entertain us, but first I have to sort out your hair, I have noticed semen in it". Lisa had forgotted about this and felt ashamed.

Susan took Lisa to a huge bathroom, sat her down on a stool and took out some scissors. Lisa had to obey and cried as Susan cut chunks out of her beautiful hair, her beautiful blonde hair! The end product was was quite&nbsp; short and spiked as Susan brushed it up before using gel on it. Lisa made up her face again and this time really did find it hard to recognise herself.

Back in the day room, Susan's friends had arrived. Diane must have been in her 50's, and was accompanied by her two daughters who were not introduced by name. They all dressed beautifully and looked quite classy. Susan spoke "these are my friends and your duty Lisa is to show them the road not to go down by being a slut and a whore"......."this is how you will look and end up girls, if you have slut cravings"......"remove your blose and skirt Lisa, you filthy slut whore!". Lisa did as ordered, taking off her top and her skirt. The girls stared at Lisa's body, how&nbsp; had this woman turned herself into a slut they thought. Lisa's shame subsided as Susan ordered her to crawl around the room again, only this time all she had on was a collar, hold ups and heels. She knew her pussy was glistening as she felt herself gettind aroused be each movement. Susa then ordered Lisa to stand facing the wall in the corner while Diane and her daughters finished thier cups of tea.

The girls left the room and Lisa was bekoned forward. Susan said that as Lisa was a slut, Diane would like to sample her. Lisa was ordered to remove Dianes clothing so all she stood in were her panties, bra and shoes. Diane then lay on her back on the sofa while Lisa was ordered to stroke the older womans shoulders, neck and back. As Diane became aroused, Susan told her to take out Dianes breast and lovingly kiss them, followed by the order to finger fuck Diane. Lisa found herself enjoying this but was really aroused too. Diane pulled Lisa forward and kissed her, darting her tongue in and out of Lisa's mouth as she climaxed over the sluts hand. "what filthy little slut she is" said the daughters who had re-entered the room without Lisa seeing or hearing. Still Lisa had no shame as she was so aroused. Diane got dressed and left, "well done dirty girl" said Susan, "now undress me!"

Lisa undid the plump womans top and removed it. Susan had tattoos all over her arms and shoulders. "now my skirt" ordered Susan, which Lisa pulled off her. Susan had large thighs and Lisa was not at all impressed. " now by panties followed by my bra slut". Lisa removed her panties as ordered and saw the womans pussy, covered in grey hair, moist near her slit, a large clit protruding, Lisa shuddered. She then got up and removed Susans bra and her massive tits were released. Susans tits were covered in tattoos and looked grotesque thought Lisa. Susan went to the sideboard and produced some ankle and wrist cuffs which were put on Lisa. She was then led down to a cellar room adorned with every BDSM implement you could imagine!




CHAPTER 6

Lisa was shackled above her head by a single chain attched to a ceiling ring which caused her to stretch. Her legs were opened using an akle spreader and she was ordered to lean forward slightly, causing her ass to be pushed out. "you may cry out, scream, whatever, the room is sound proofed" Suan informed Lisa. "under Madam Pamela's instructions, you will visit me here twice a week and you will be flogged by varoius implements on any part of your body. You will never resist, but will learn to enjoy our sessions. Today we start with 200 strikes of your body which I am sure we can increase to over 1000 within a month. Let us begin!".

Lisa shuddered as the leather tawse cracked against her proud ass. The sting made her arch her back. 19 more blows rained down on her not so cute pert ass before she could think about the pain. When Susan stopped, Lisa was in agony and knew she had cried out for mercy. "relax you peice of filthy shit" said Susan, "you will only make it worse, you must learn to enjoy this as soon as you can and you know you eventually will". Next Susan used small paddle on Lisa's thighs and buttocks. This really hurt more than before and Lisa bucked with each strike which Susan informed her had been 30. "as a reward for reaching 50, I have a surprise for you". Susan went around to face Lisa and pulled the shackled sluts nipples..."mighty long slut, but we will get them longer in time"...and attached what looked like a small rest about 1/2 inch long behind each nipple, then placed Lisa's pierced nipples bars onto the rest and fastened them tight. This pulled her nipples forward the 1/2inch as the bars had been pierced at the base of her nipples, stretching them to a total of 1 1/2 inches. "they will eventually remain stretched and perhaps we can get 1inch or more stretchers for you slut girl" laughed Susan. Lisa's nipples were massive and she groaned at the pain the stretching caused. "we shall be done in about an hour, so dont worry, they can be removed but you will get instruction from Madam Pamela to wear them at an increasing rate each day".

A small whip was used 50 times on her back and breasts which actually brought about Lisa's first screams of agony. She was then given water and a 5 minute break. " thats 100 so now another reward" Susan told her. An adjustable pole on a floor stand was positioned between her outstretched legs. At the top was a verl large black dildo. This was raised to the tip of Lisa's pussy so as to only just reach it. Susan faced Lisa and told her to admire her tattoos. Lisa thought they were horrible but Susan asked her what she thought. "they are lovely maam" lied Lisa. "good, we may get some done on you then!". Oh my god, why did i say that thought Lisa. 

In the same position, Susan struck Lisa's breasts with a short riding crop. This caused Lisa to jerk forward, her pussy straining against the dildo touching her. 9 more strikes saw Lisa groan and her juice trickle down her thighs. "yes my little whore......want to cum?" asked Susan, mocking the shackled young woman in front of her. "yes maam" said Lisa truthfully. Susan raised the notches on the pole so the dildo fully entered Lisa's dripping hole, her pierced labia stretched either side and her proud pierced clit to the fore. Lisa groaned at the sensations throughout her body and the actions that this old fat woman was doing to her, but in her aroused state Lisa knew her position. The crop was used again on Lisa, on her legs, arms and back. "thats 150 now and we will make you into a pain slut wont we"asked Susan. "yes maam" moaned Lisa who had yet to orgasm due to the pain of the crop which kept interrupting her sexual arousals coming from her pussy, even though the pole between her legs was saturated. 

Susan got a whip from the wall and without waiting, totally let fly at Lisa. The screams echoed around the room. Without stopping, Susan struck Lisa 50 times bring red wheals to her body. Lisa shuddered to several orgasms in tears. She had been reduced to orgasming on a dildo in front of an ugly woman.......my god she thought. 

When released, Lisa was made to crawl over to a leather padded chair that Susan sat upon with her legs open. Lisa was ordered to kiss Susans nipples, they were awful but Lisa obeyed before being instructed to give Susans grey haired pussy the work over with her mouth. Lisa orgasmed without touching herself as Susan told her again and again that she was going to be good whore slave girl.


to be continued..........&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 











PART THREE

Nearly four months had passed and Lisa had learned to adore Mistress Pamela. 
She was allowed to go home every evening after she had served mistress, whether it was just cleaning the house or waiting on Mistress and her guests. It gave her that little bit of respite and freedom as well as time to relax.

While Lisa lay naked on the bed after her hot bath, she ran her fingers over her body. Her breasts seemed so firm now and her nipples were so sensitive now they were pierced. The piercings to her clitoris and labia kept her constantly aroused whenever she moved, at home and in public. Her navel and tongue, also pierced, completed her adorned body as she stood to look in the mirror. Her cropped short hair really did make her virtually unrecognisable since she had first met Mistress Pamela, but never the less, still a very beautiful woman.

Her husband had been in touch regularly since moving overseas to work and had cancelled his scheduled visit home to see her due to the increased volume of business. Lisa though that this was probably a good thing as she had yet to work out an explanation of how she looked. His next visit was another month away so she had time to think of something.

The ringing tone on her mobile phone made her jump and snap out of her trance. It was Mistress Pamela who gave her instructions for the evening. Lisa was a little upset as she thought she had the evening to herself but her duty to her Mistress always came first.

Mistress Pamela left instructions on Lisa&#8217;s dress code and a car would be collecting her at 9pm, giving her just over an hour to get ready.

Lisa put on a multi-strap black suspender belt which had eight wide straps on each thigh holding up her black stockings. She then put a black shelf bra on which displayed the whole of her breasts. Next on was a pale blue satin long sleeved top which she carefully buttoned up at the front, remembering to leave the top 3 undone allowing her cleavage to be exposed. The top was definitely a size too small which caused her pierced nipples to be clearly visible through the material. She slid her black pencil skirt on which was a tight fit too, showing her shapely rear, the slit on the right revealing her thigh and suspender straps. Finally she put the six inch black heels ankle boots on before starting her make up. This was applied heavily around her eyes and a full deep red lip gloss was also used. Her hair was sleeked back with gel as Mistress Pamela had ordered. 

Lisa felt incredibly sexy dressed like this and she felt her heart racing as she waited for the car to arrive. 

At 9pm she went to the front door and waited outside as instructed, the cool evening air stiffening her nipples. The car pulled up a few moments later and flashed its headlights twice, which was her signal to approach. Lisa walked slowly to the car and as she neared, the rear door opened and she was beckoned inside.

Lisa recognised the driver and sat alone in the back waiting for her next instructions.
The car travelled away from her home and the driver informed Lisa that the journey would take 45 minutes. He then told her that she was to insert the earphones which she could find on her right and follow the instructions that had been pre-recorded for her journey. 

Lisa did as he said and listened to her message. There was no mistaking her Mistress&#8217;s voice and she complied with the instructions exactly as she guessed that she was being viewed or filmed by an internal camera in the car.

Instruction one was to put on the collar in the compartment in the middle of the arm rest. It was black leather, four inches wide with rings at the sides, front and back. It lifted her chin upright and was not really very comfortable. Once this was adorned, her next instruction was to raise her skirt and insert a five inch dildo into her pussy hole and a three inch butt plug in her ass. This was followed by extremely tight black elasticated panties which held the two objects tight in her holes. The next instruction was to fasten leather ankle cuffs on each leg and then the same on each wrist. Her penultimate order was to strap a ball gag on herself and finally clip her wrists together behind her back, rendering herself helpless. Mistress Pamela had obviously been watching her via a camera as her voiced whispered that Lisa had done very well and she should now relax as she had 10 minutes before she arrived at her rendezvous where she would be met by her friend Caroline, and that she would obey every instruction given by her for the rest of the evening.

Lisa made herself as comfortable as possible, getting wetter by the minute with the dildo in her, wondering what Caroline looked like. 

When the car stopped, the driver removed Lisa&#8217;s earphones and helped her out of the car. He led her to the side door of a large building in an area she had never been. He slipped a short chain from her wrist cuffs to a steel hook in the wall near the entrance and eyed her up and down. He knew she was turned on as he had observed everything from his tv screen in the front of the car. He reached forward and slipped his hand in the front of her top, gripping her nipple and pulling each one, shaking his said saying that it was a waste that she preferred pussy to cock. She actually loved both but couldn&#8217;t say anything to him. He then took his cock out and rubbed it through her skirt slit, felling her stocking tops, suspender straps and bare thigh, while stroking her breasts. His breathing became heavier and he licked her cheek and nose and called her a dirty fucking slut cunt whore as he shot his cum, letting it drip slowly down her thigh. He told her he would be collecting her at around 4am and hope she enjoyed her evening.

Lisa felt she had been waiting for about 20 minutes after the driver had left, her pussy aching to be used after he had let his cum deposit trickle down her thigh, its initial hot spurt making her close her eyes wishing it was inside her wet hole.

The entrance light went on and when the door opened, an attractive woman in her mid-thirties stepped out and introduced herself as Caroline and that she was to be called Madam for the rest of the evening. Lisa nodded as Caroline removed the chain from Lisa&#8217;s cuffs and led her inside the building.


Lisa blinked as she got used to the bright light. She followed Caroline down a corridor, then down two flights of stairs and into a room about 20 feet square. Lisa looked around and saw many different instruments of pain and torture, shuddering at the prospect of what was going to happen.

Caroline positioned Lisa standing in the middle of the room and unclipped her wrists, allowing poor Lisa to stretch them. A wooden type yoke/stock was lowered on two thin wires and Lisa was ordered to insert her head and wrists before it was locked shut. Lisa could see everything around her but was unable to see below her chin and was helpless again. The thin wires were electrically raised by Caroline tensing Lisa upright. Caroline then attached a four feet wide spreader bar opening Lisa&#8217;s legs to their maximum and in turn causing the pencil skirt to rise up. 

Caroline then saw the damp cum on Lisa and told her that if she was good tonight, she might have some more cum for her. Caroline Laughed as she said this, knowing Lisa was not in any position to refuse. Caroline left the room telling Lisa she would be getting changed and would be with her in 15 minutes.

Once again, Lisa was desperately wet between her legs even though she was terrified at the devices around the room.

Caroline returned looking totally different. She wore a leather cup less basque, showing a very firm pair of breasts, silver nipple shields giving her a very sexy look, the actual nipples being about � inch protruding through. She wore leather shorts, leather thigh high boots and leather gloves which went over her elbows. All in all, she looked pretty scary.

She approached Lisa and smiled, telling her to let herself go and enjoy the experience that was about to unfold. Caroline slipped Lisa&#8217;s gag down momentarily and made her swallow two pills with some water. The gag was then put back and Lisa was told that the pills would numb the pain she might endure. Lisa&#8217;s eyes widened then she calmed herself down as she knew the trouble she would be in if she let Mistress Pamela down.

Caroline went over to the wall in front of Lisa and pressed a button with opened the quadruple set of doors, virtually the full width of the wall, revealing a huge basement room where people were partying. Music was playing, people were dancing, drinking and enjoying themselves while to Lisa&#8217;s horror, and she was shackled up helpless.

Caroline signalled the music to be turned very low and explained that tonight there was a very special guest called Lisa who had volunteered to be there for them to use however they desired. 

Men, women, couples, masters and mistresses made their way over to observe the slut in front of them in the torture chamber of their club. Caroline sat in front of Lisa, about 6 foot away, smiling with pleasure at the beautiful slave slut that Pamela had sent her for the evening. She looked on as several of the guests looked Lisa over, nodding their approval.

Finally, Caroline stood up and nodded her head to begin the torment of Lisa.
Lisa realised that the tablets had drugged her as her head became very light but she felt extremely wide awake. Caroline approached her with a knife in her hand, it appeared to be a hunting knife and as she got to Lisa she told her not to be alarmed and not to try and struggle, she was not going to cut her. 

Caroline took the blade and sliced off Lisa&#8217;s skirt followed by cutting off her top, revealing her pierced breasts to the watching crowd. Lisa groaned into her gag as they clapped and cheered at the humiliating ritual taking place before them. 

Caroline then cut off Lisa&#8217;s bra and beckoned a middle aged man forward. The man took each breast in his hands, fondling and squeezing them for a few minutes. This gave Lisa great pleasure and again she groaned into her gag. The man laughed and went to the wall at her side to select something. He returned quickly with a couple of items, leather breast bands with internal � inch spikes. He fastened them to the base of Lisa&#8217;s breasts, popping them out like firm melons, knowing that later he would tighten then another notch making them purple. Lisa screamed into her gag as the spikes bit into her soft flesh. The man thought to himself that if that was painful, she was going to feel more pain later on.

Caroline nodded her approval and once again sat down in front of Lisa. 

A second man was beckoned forward, who appeared with a semi woman, obviously his sub or assistant. The man selected a flogger from the wall and stood behind Lisa. He instructed the woman to attach weights to Lisa&#8217;s nipple rings, stretching them down. He adjusted the wires attached to the yoke stretching Lisa&#8217;s body taught and then proceeded to flog her for 15 minutes, back and front.

Lisa was in tremendous pain and relieved when the flogging stopped. The coupled moved away from her and another female stepped forward. She appeared to be only about 18 years old and this just made Lisa feel more humiliated than ever, a young girl about to abuse her. 

The young girl was more experienced than Lisa could ever imagine, as she was about to find out.

The girl asked Caroline for the knife and once she had the implement in her hand, she took the waist band of Lisa&#8217;s elasticated panties and sliced them off, exposing a wet moist pussy. The dildo fell out making some of the crowd laugh. The girl then removed the butt plug saying it was not big enough. She went to the wall and chose an inflatable type which she inserted into Lisa&#8217;s ass hole pumping the bulb causing Lisa to gasp. The girl then went to the wall searching for something else. When she returned, she showed Lisa the selection she had made for her, saying it was sure to suit her wet hole. It was a 12inch thick dildo with large nodules covering the surface and was pushed into Lisa&#8217;s dripping cunt. A pole was attached and clicked into place at its base and then clipped into place on the leg spreader bar, holding the mighty dildo firm in Lisa.

Then, and only then, did the girl start working on Lisa, smiling all time, playing with this slut.

The girl asked her father, the first man who put the spiked breast bands on Lisa, to come forward and help her. He put three crocodile clamps on each of Lisa&#8217;s pussy lips, the teeth biting in, then while the girl attached heavy lead weights to each clamp, stretching the labia an unbelievable length, he tightened the breast bands to another notch, causing trickles of blood to appear while they had already begun to turn purple, so severe was the tightness. Each aureole had puffed proudly forward and the girl attached a second weight to each nipple ring, stretching them further. Lisa felt tremendous pain throughout her body.

The man went back into the crowd and the girl began teasing Lisa. She lightly ran her fingernail over Lisa&#8217;s swollen bulbous breasts causing maximum pain. Another large weight was now attached to Lisa&#8217;s clit piercing tugging it down. The bulb of the inflatable butt plug was given two more squeezes, the yoke wires were hoisted another notch stretching the suffering Lisa further, then a button was pressed on the dildo base causing the one hundred nodules to swell and quadruple in size, torturing the inners of Lisa&#8217;s soaking cunt hole. 

Lisa was close to breaking point and Caroline knew it. She raised her hand for the girl to finish. The girl drew the knife again and went behind Lisa, twice running the blade down her back, slicing the skins surface with a fine cut from shoulder blade to buttock, which would not leave permanent scarring, but severe marking for a month or so.

The crowd applauded as Caroline rose from her chair and went a barely conscious Lisa.

Caroline removed the weights, dildo and butt plug from the tortured humiliated slut. She waved some smelling salts under Lisa&#8217;s nose which brought her back to reality. She knew Lisa was sexually aroused despite her torture and humiliation. Caroline told her she had done extremely well for her first time and as a reward, she would allow her some cock if she wanted it. Lisa was a little confused so Caroline asked her again if she wanted cock in her. Lisa nodded and she was taken down from her restraints. 

After being given a small sip of water, Lisa was placed on a bench, face up. Her legs were fastened up, wide apart, to two poles either side of the bench, leaving her wet holes easy access for cock. Her arms were fastened down to the bench legs leaving her total helpless once again. Her head was fastened down by the collar and a forehead strap making it totally impossible to move it. The breast straps were left on making the purple swollen tits look grotesque. The last piece of equipment put on her was a type of ring gag with a large funnel attachment. The slut was ready to be fucked.

Caroline looked down at Lisa and told her she was going to receive the best fucking she had ever experienced in her life. Caroline then shouted out an order to bring on the dog.

Lisa tried desperately to fight her bonds but was totally fastened down and couldn&#8217;t move a muscle. 

The dog was led forward and sniffed her ass and cunt, licking them both. This was repeated several times and Lisa groaned into the funnel gag. Several men moved over her face, touching her body, each touch of her swollen breasts causing her pain. Some had women accompanying them, also touching the tormented slut, wanking their masters and partners. 
The first of the men discharged his sperm into the funnel watching it slither down into Lisa&#8217;s mouth. The dog was then positioned up to Lisa&#8217;s open legs and its cock was positioned at her cunt entrance. The dog slid its cock right into Lisa&#8217;s hole, the size making her eyes bulge. 
The dog became comfortable and produced its knot which locked its hard cock in Lisa&#8217;s cunt. The dog began to hump the poor slut and then started to leak its sperm into her which seemed to go on for nearly 10 minutes. The throbbing dog cock and constant flow of incredibly hot sperm caused her to writhe her pelvis in pleasure, even her tits had gone from pain to pleasure.

The steady stream of men depositing fresh warm cum into the funnel was running down Lisa&#8217;s throat, all of which brought her to the greatest orgasm she had known.

Her mind flashed between her husband calling her a fucking whore, Mistress Pamela dominating her, the young girl torturing her and finally, becoming a dogs bitch.


TO BE CONTINUED,,,,,,


































Review This Story
 || Email Author:  robert


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





