BDSM Library - Dion's New Slave




Dion's New Slave
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: I, Roxxi, am tortured by my loving master and LOVING every minute of it         






The beginning of sophmore year was the turning point of my life. The new HOT foreign exchange student, Dion (greek)

and i were instantly attracted to one another. we started going out and within a week i knew i was ready. I invited

him to my bed. My room with ceilings 12 feet high, in the basement, with poles, and soundproof. you can see where

this is going. My room was lockable. As soon a i closed the door Dion locked it, grabbed me, ball-gagged me, and

chained me to my bed. He explained why he did that. He told me that bondage was great, and i have to totally agree

with him. He went outside and brought in; rope, gags, vibrators, dildos, butt-plugs, chastity belts, locks, keys,

chains, blindfolds, a straighjacket, spreaderbars, hand-cuffs, and a lot of more bondage stuff. He even installed a

couple hooks on the ceiling. He took off all my clothes, put in the dildo and butt-plug, locked on the chastity 

belt, spread my legs, and hung me upside down. Then he left. About 30 minutes later i heard him unlock the door. He

said he had gone to get food. He took me down, took off the belt, took out the dildo, and set up a bench. He bent 

me over the bench and fucked me. He came all over my back. Then he put the dildo back in, locked on the belt, and

hung me back up. He told me "You are mine for the rest of the year. Weekdays and weekends. You call me Dion while

in school but in the car and here, you call me master." He made a copy of the basement key, and the belt key. He 

told me. The only time you use this key (belt key), is when you use the bathroom. As soon as you are done, you must

put the dildo and the butt-plug back in, and lock the belt. If you fail to do this you will be punished." I was

punished all 7 days of the first week. He first tied my hands and arms then put on the spreader bar. He hung me up

by my arms, cock-gagged, for 2-4 hours. He would whip or cane me, depending on what i did wrong. And strangely

enough i enjoyed every minute of it. Afterwards, he would either leave me bound while i did homework, or unbound. I

had a collar, but took it off before school, and put it on after school. I had no key to the collar or anything

else, only to the belt. One friday afternoon he felt very angry and punished me severly. Then after punishment, he 

brought out the straightjacket. It had a crotch strap. He tied my hands in tight, buckle the buckles extra-tight, 

and the crotch strap was brought under me and into my pussy very very hard. He also inserted the cock-gag. All the

while i was put into the jacket completly naked. He put the heaviest weight he could find on my pussy lips. He then

put the spreader bar between my legs and extended it all the way. He then instructed me to get on the floor, he 

helped, i was told, "If you can escape, you don't have to wear the belt, butt-plug or dildo anymore. But if you 

can't escape, you will be my slave for the next two years (junior and senior years), possibly for the rest of your

life." He left me writhing and squirming on the floor. He left the house and locked the basement. He came back 

saturday morning, around 4:oo am, and saw i hadn't escaped. He took off the bindings, weights, and took out the gag

declared i was his for until he released me, and locked the chastity belt back in place. He took away the key to

the belt during the summer, saying i needed to ask permission to do anything. Most of the time i was chained to the

wall, completly naked. He one day brought in his German Sheppard, Ceasar, saying, "If you don't behave yourself, i

will let Ceasar have his way with you." At the end of the summer, he installed a horse, a triangle horse, hanging

from the ceiling. He took off the belt, took out the didlo and butt-plug, and chained me to the horse, he told me

that the upcoming school year would be different. I was to wear the collar to school, i was to pierce my nipples

pussy lips, and i was to ride in a special seat in the car. It was a seat he designed himself. It was like a

booster seat but had small chains and a vibrating dildo. The seatbelt for it was rope that tied tighly into my

pussy. The right chain would go through the right nipple ring and the to right pussy rings. The left chain was to 

go through my left nipple ring and left pussy rings. They would lock to the seat, diabling me from getting up

without permission, the seat was also removable. It could be converted into a stoller-like thing to roll me into

the house. I would then be unlocked and hung on the hook for remote-controlled vibrating dildo, butt-plug, and 

chasity belt placement. I would then dress in slutty clothes, high-heels, and serve him. In the evening he would

fuck me in any way he pleased, lock me onto the bed he designed. With wrist and ankle locks, legs spread, hands

directly above head, and remote-controlled fucking machine. My excercise was a giant running wheel. And for 

weekends, i would spend the entire weekend in an extreme bondage "position" possibly switching every day,

cock-gagged, and vibrating dildo. Excrutiating pain and yet i enjoyed it. I love being a submissive and hope Dion

is my master for life.



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Roxxi


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





