BDSM Library - Sorority Sex Olympics




Sorority Sex Olympics
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Every four years the Greek system at this college holds it's sex Olympics. This is a collection of stories about the games and its contestants. Feel free to write your own stories with this theme. 






Sorority Sex Olympics
by R.E. Lavaque

It is spring and school is coming to an end, time for the quadrennial Greek fund-raiser, the Sex Olympics. What had started 40 years earlier, during the sixties, as a fun filled sexual frolic has turned into two weeks of sexual extremes.

The festivities start with the traditional opening ceremonies and parade of the sex-a-letes. all wearing the same basic outfit: high stiletto heals, a g-string bottom, a size zero tank-top with their Sorority's name emblazoned on the back, a pair of handcuffs and a locked metal chain around their neck. Some of the girls are reluctant to participate, some are eager. Before the two weeks is over all will be drained and full, if you know what I mean.

In order to be fair to all, a set of rules was developed to choose participants.&nbsp; The sisters are chosen by the votes of their fraternity brothers. For each event, each sorority is required to put up at least three candidates. Every girl had to be a candidate for at least one event. After the votes are tallied, the top vote getters for each event become that year's sex-a-letes. A tie is resolved by luck of the draw. There are few ties. Each year a handful of girls participate in more than one event.


Event Number One - Dorm Whoring.

Dorm whoring is one of the most dreaded events (by its participants) in the Olympics. The rules are simple, see who can whore the most money out of the dormies. In order to assure fairness and safety, one fraternity brother accompanies each girl in her quest for cash. Friends are excluded, and there is a limit on how much each sex act can earn. This eliminates most of the cheating. $50 for a blow-job, $100 for a pussy fuck, $200 for an ass fuck. Payment is contingent on completed sex acts. Kinky stuff isn't allowed, that is, no whips or chains. Of course a gang-bang is OK, but the limits still apply. Sex with another girl is also not allowed, or at least does not earn any money.

The time limit: 8 hours.

The University has 4 Dorms, so to be fair, only one girl is allowed per dorm per day, and there is a rest of at least one day between girls. The event takes 13 days to complete. 

The incentive for the girls in this event is what sets it apart from the other events. The winners are obviously the girls who bring in the most money. In fact, the gold, silver and bronze metals give those three girls immunity from any punishment. The remaining girls have to earn their fair share of the difference between the winner's earnings and their own by whoring, off school property. 

A few Olympics ago it was found that some of the girls were cheating, getting money from friends or past lovers, so the rules were changed. The losers are now sold to a local strip clubs, porn studios and whorehouses to make up their deficit. If they want their freedom they have to earn it one sloppy fuck at a time. 


Barbara - A Dorm Whoring Story

Four years earlier, Barbara had been nominated by her Sorority, Delta Gamma, for Dorm Whoring. Barbara was a dumb bitch, and not very attractive either. She was OK when she arrived at school, but she quickly put on 40 lbs still managing to keep her small tits. Her personality had gone from bubbly to bitchy. She had nothing good to say about anyone or anything and couldn't keep her mouth shut about it. She started to make enemies within a week of coming to school and now, after three years, had more enemies than she could remember. She was voted into this event because everyone in the Greek system wanted her out. They couldn't take even one more year. She wasn't very bright, but she knew something was wrong when she had received 98% of the vote, a school record.

Barbara did not come to the festivities willingly. In addition to the usual handcuffs behind the back during opening ceremonies, her sisters had to stuff a remote controlled shock dildo up her ass to get her cooperation. 

That year the most popular cheerleader on campus, Susie, was also chosen for Dorm Whoring. Susie was a slut and everyone knew that she could make a fortune for the Greek system for just 8 hours of work. In fact, that year yielded the biggest spread ever between winner and loser.

Barbara obviously had lost big time, earning just $1000 in the dorms. Nobody wanted to fuck that bitch because she refused to shut her mouth. While the idea of fucking the school bitch in the ass was appealing in theory, in practice she wouldn't allow it and few of the dorm boys could cum while she was talking her usual shit. Basically, the only service she would give was head, and she wasn't very good at that.

On the other hand everyone in the dorm, and other dorms, and all of campus including the jocks and even the band geeks waited in line to fuck little Susie. She was taking comers 3 at a time, first with her mouth, then her pussy, and finally her ass. Some guys didn't make it to her ass but she really didn't care. She was a real slut. In total she earned $20,000, a school record. 

When the final scores were read, Barbara turned ashen. "$19,000! Fuck no!"

"Fuck yes", everyone said in reply.

The Greeks finally got rid of the bitch, selling her to "El Loco Gato", the local Mexican whorehouse. They knew how to treat bitches there. They tied her spread eagle to the bed and gagged her mouth after first dumping a quart of tequila down her throat. That first night she fucked about 20 guys. After the first couple of guys complained that she was fighting back they whipped her on the tits and pussy and that calmed her down. Then they gagged her and covered her head in a leather mask with only an air hole for her nose. Nobody could see or hear her crying now.

Her first weeks in the whorehouse were actually very profitable, at least for the house. When she realized this was going to happen either brutally or nicely she shut her mouth and did what she was told. Barbara quickly became a favorite because of her fat ass and tight pussy. 

Slowly Barbara wore down. Her pussy got sloppy and her body got skinny. They didn't feed her much and her Mexican masters had started pumping drugs into her to keep her fucking. After a few months she was just skin and bones and nobody wanted to fuck her anymore, but she still had $5000 left to pay off. An ass fuck only cost $80 in this whorehouse, and the house took $60 of that.

Then her owner Juan got an idea: turn her into a bukakke party girl. The transition took a month. Breast implants and stomach stapling. Why the stomach staples? To keep her hungry. From now on she was on a high cum diet. Other foods were allowed but only in very small portions, enough to keep her alive. 

Barbara looked freakish but what would one expect from a party girl. 38DD tits, no body fat, skinny skinny legs, totally shaved pussy with a piercing right through her clit. Barbara's face was boney now, her eyes dark and sullen. She rarely smiled, but her lips were tattooed a bright red inviting all cummers. Her job: show up, dance a little, then and make sure every cock in the place was dry when she left. 

It was now a year after Barbara had lost her event and Jim, the president of Beta Eta Mu, was getting married to his college sweetheart Tina. His frat brothers called Juan at El Loco Gato to send over a party girl for Jim's bachelor party. Who showed up but Barbara. Nobody recognized her and she didn't recognize them, or anything else for that matter. All she could think of was sperm, sperm and more sperm. She arrived on a leash held by a 300 lb. bodyguard who carried a riding crop in his other hand. He would occasionally swat her on the ass just for fun. Her hair was short and spikey and platinum blonde. Makeup caked her face hiding any hint of a blemish. She wore 7 inch platform heels, fishnet stockings held up by a garter, high cut stretch lace panties two sizes too small and a half size tank top. No need for a bra even though her tits peaked below a bit. Her leash was locked to a thin leather band sewn shut around her neck. She looked hot and every cock in the house stood as she walked into the frat's rumpus room. Her eyes looked down. All guys were the same to her now, a lot of work followed by a short satisfaction in her stomach. 

As the music started, her handler unlocked the leash and she began to gyrate her hips. Cocks were twitching. "Take off those pants, boys, time to cum on my face." she said in a low sultry voice. It was longest complete sentence she would utter that night. The boys took their clothes off and stood in a big circle. The music started and Barbara was deep inside herself. Her former personality was gone, replaced with this sex starved kitten persona.

Barbara was a good dancer. She moved slowly around the circle, flipping about, shaking her tits and her ass to the music, sometimes fast, sometimes slow. She occasionally grabbed a cock with each hand. She would squeeze some balls too. One guy came right away, before the real action was to start. She took his cum and wiped it on her face for all to see, licking her lips to taste a bit. She rubbed her ass against each guy, but didn't allow anyone to fuck her there, at least not yet. The men stood petrified, not knowing what to expect next.

After her third tour of the room, Barbara could tell it was time to make her move. She started with the groom, "Fuck me." she whispered in his ear. She took the groom from his spot on the circle and moved to the center of the room. The cum on her face had dried by now. Barbara got down on the floor imitating a dog in heat. Her face was on the ground, her ass high in the air, and her tits dangled down. Her nipples would brush against the rough carpet, but she liked that, it gave her the feeling that she was in control of her sex. That feeling was always short lived. 

Barbara spread her legs a bit and wiggled her cunt back and forth. The groom noticed a small padlock on her cunt. "What the fuck, you want it in your ass?" he exclaimed, stroking his 10 inch cock in anticipation. He positioned himself to fuck her asshole, but she turned slowly in a circle before each attempt. Everyone could see the padlock dangling down. "What up?", the groom yelled as he reached down to pin the slut's neck to the floor. Just then he noticed a small key slowly peaking it's head out of her ass. She shit it out and in dropped on the floor. Barbara lifted her head an inch off the carpet and looked straight into Jim's eyes. It was the first time that she had made eye contact with anyone in that room.

Jim didn't know what to do next. He figured he would pick up the key and unlock her now dripping pussy, but he didn't like the idea that some shit might be on the key too. He got an idea. He took the slut puppy by the ring around her neck and moved her head on top of the key. "Pick it up with your worthless lips and suck it clean, bitch." he commanded as the rest of the room looked on in anticipation. Barbara did as she was told. Jim was her master now, and she knew the punishment for disobeying her master. She was once installed as a urinal for a private party at El Loco Cato. Her crime? Asking for a towel after her first bukakke party.

Barbara's lips offered the cleaned key to her new master. He looked down and spit in her face. "I'm going to fuck you up," he said accepting the key and unlocking her cunt. In a unexpectedly sudden move, Jim thrust his cock down Barbar's throat. "Get it all slimey, whore." Jim sneered as his cock slid all the way down to his ball sack. He pumped her head while he reached down and pinched her nipples. "Work harder, bitch." he repeated over and over. She did, ignoring the pain he was inflicting on her flesh, yanking on her tits.

"Now get back on the floor so I can fuck your cunt."&nbsp; Barbara assumed her previous position and Jim quickly impaled her well used pussy. 

"Fuck", "Fuck", "Fuck", his crowd of brothers started to chant in rhythm to his pelvic thrusts.

Barbara looked like she was in heaven. In fact, her mind often escaped during these sessions leaving her body alone to absorb the "enrichment" of her gang-bangs. 

After a few minutes of fucking doggy style, the groom turned his new slave over on her back and continued. Barbara glanced at the circle of boys standing and jerking off and asked the closest one: "Cum here," pointing to her face. The boy walked over and stuck his cock in her mouth. He came right away. Pulling out it shot on her face. She licked her lips. As he left he dropped a blob of spit in her open mouth. "Another," she repeated. One by one, the frat boys covered her face with their fluids.

Jim was doing his best not to cum. This was the best fuck of his life. He stopped fucking her every once in while just to save himself, but his buddies continued to plaster her with their sperm. 

Jim told a couple of guys to come over and hold her legs in the air. They did. He then proceeded to fuck the slut in her raised up ass. She was tighter back there. It was all he could do but he came in a few second. He came right up her anus. "Fuck" he exclaimed as his final drops of sperm, sweat and a little drool dripped onto the tattoo over her cunt. It read "Deposit here." 

After the groom got up to rest, his best man moved in to take his place. But Barbara first reached down and held her hand under her asshole. She pushed as much of his jizz out as she could. It plopped onto her hand. She licked her hand clean. "Yummy" she said. The best man was grossed out by the display, but that didn't stop him from entering her. 

Ten more men fucked Barbara that night, two of them in her ass. She sucked every cock in the place once or twice, a requirement of her owner. 

Barbara lay in the middle of the room, tired and covered in cum, spit, and sweat. The guys were spent. Her soul had returned to her body. She felt sore and degraded, but that was her daily life now. The blood had returned to the men's brains too. Jim looked at his victim, for the first time with a clear head, and something clicked. This slut looked familiar...&nbsp; Fuck. It was that bitch Barbara that they sold to Juan. Nice. He stood up over her and grabbed her short short hair, lifting her face to his flaccid swaying penis. "You know who this whore is guys?&nbsp; It's Barbara, last year's Dorm Whore loser, you know: The Bitch."

The room fell silent. Barbara was found out, she was humiliated now more than ever. She couldn't hide her true self from this crowd, they knew her before she became a cum hungry party slut. Her face had turned red, but nobody could tell because it was covered with so much makeup mixed with goo. Jim went on: "You know, you pissed on my girlfriend's career and cost her a good job, Bitch, so now I going to piss on you." He did. The piss cleaned her face a bit, and was strong with the stench of beer. She drank all she could. That was her training. Jim was impressed. Thoughts flowed through his head...

"You want your freedom, whore," Jim asked looking down at the sobbing girl. She was silent. He kicked her. She remained silent. He kicked her again. 

"Don't fuck with me!" she screamed, as she started to get up. He bodyguard noted her disobedience. She would be punished for that for sure. Barbara realized her mistake but it was too late to do anything about it. She had tried in the past to bribe her bodyguard after she had erred, but he took the bribe and told her owner anyways.

Barbara wondered if the groom was serious, that he would set her free. After composing herself she assumed a slave pose, eyes to the ground, legs spread, hands locked behind her back, back arched, tits out. "I would be pleased to be owned by you, sir," she said, her second full sentence.

"I'll buy you then, and if you do exactly as I ask, I will set you free."

"Yes, master" she replied. For the first time in a year her hopes had risen. Maybe this guy would set her free and she could somehow return to a "normal" life. A smile came to her face.

Jim walked over to her bodyguard and discussed something. No doubt how much Juan wanted for her and how they would arrange the transaction. The both pulled out their cell phones and talked and discussed and after half an hour the deed was done. Barbara had a new owner. Jim had paid $50K cash for her, wire transfer, but he told her he paid only what she still owed, about $1000.

Barbara was almost giddy when Jim told her the news. She figured her days of slavery and sexual punishment were coming to an end. Jim interrupted the happy thoughts in her head with her task: "You must fuck every guy in every fraternity on campus before I get married next month," he stated. That would be easy. Every Greek, every Jock, every asshole, every person she sees, it was all the same to her now. She was a cum bucket and she knew it. She would lay on a bed in the middle of campus and fuck everyone who wanted to at this point, especially if it meant her freedom.

"One more thing. I want every guy you fuck to tattoo their mark on your body. Nothing on your face or your tits, I want those clean," Jim continued.

Barbara was a bit stunned. She would be covered in tattoos. There were about 300 frat guys on campus. 300 tattoos. Ouch. But freedom, freedom, it would be worth it. She could always have the tattoos removed later she figured.

"OK," Barbara replied.

"By the way, tonight doesn't count. You got to fuck my brothers again later." Jim reattached her leash and brought her upstairs to sleep on the floor of his room. He told her, laughingly, that if she wanted to clean up she would have to give herself a tongue bath. He shut the door to his room and went downstairs, back to his bachelor party.

The next day Barbara woke up and was allowed to go to the bathroom and shower before her "freedom run." Jim had arranged for a frat brother to be with her at all times, to make sure she didn't run away. He chained a small GPS cell phone around her ankle too, just in case she thought of giving him the slip. 

Barbara started with a list of every frat guy in the system. On Friday she visited Omega, Omega Omega, knocking 10 guys off the list. Saturday another visit, another 10. Sunday, Monday, ...&nbsp; Word spread fast, and after the first couple of guys everyone knew who Barbara was what she wanted. Some guys fucked her for fun, some fucked her to lose their virginity. A few sick fucks beat her and whipped her first. One guy found a local dungeon club and worked her over all night. Massive dildos in her ass and cunt, spiked nibble clamps, crops to her cunt and tits. She took it all. He tattooed onto her butt a couple of riding crops, like the ones her used to bruise her tits, crossed over a piece of bloody meat that was stamped "USDA". That one got to her. She knew she was just a piece of meat, but now everyone else would know the same thing.

Eventually Barbara had just 3 guys left to do and three days to do them. Two of those guys, it turned out, were gay and didn't really want to fuck her, but she convinced them by dressing as a guy, binding her tits real tight, and offering them a blow-job and her asshole. They accepted. One of them was a real pervert and wanted his name tattooed inside her cunt. He said that way he would always be covered in cum. 

There was only one guy left to do and Jim was getting married that weekend.

"You better do Tom at Alpha Eta Pi or I'm selling you back to Juan." Jim threatened.

Barbara finally tracked Tom down. Tom worked at the school's TV station. Their transmitter could barely reach to the end of town, but Tom still had a loyal audience for his show: "My Secret Life."&nbsp; People would come on his show, dressed in disguise, and tell a lurid story about themselves. Most of the stories were either sex or drug related. Tom mistook Barbara for his guest that day and sat her down to interview her on air. 

Barbara didn't really care where she was or why, so when Tom started to ask her questions, she responded truthfully.

"So this Jim guy, he owns you and is making you fuck every frat guy?"

"Yes, you want proof."

"Sure"

Barbara stood up and took off her top, turning to show Tom and his audience the myriad of tattoos on her back. There were tattoos of beer bottles, kegs, books, iPods, cars, footballs, soccer balls, basketballs, helmets, caps, flags, Greek letters, flasks, dildos, women getting fucked, strippers. All symbols of college life. "Each of these is from a different frat guy." The camera zoomed in and scanned slowly across her body.

"Do you go to school here?"

"No, I did, but not anymore."

"When did you leave"

"Last year"

"Why"

"Sold"

"Sold?"

"Yep. Can I just fuck you now, please."

"Uh, well..."&nbsp; before Tom could say anything else Barbara had his shirt off and his pants down to his ankles. She pulled her g-string to the side and slipped onto Tom's erect pole.

"What is your name."&nbsp; Tom asked.

"Barbara." she said just as she turned into the camera.

Tina, it seems, was an avid fan of Tom's show and all of a sudden she put two and two together.&nbsp; Jim. Barbara. Sold. FUCK.&nbsp; That bitch. Tina watched the whole show. Barbara knew how to fuck and that made Tina even more jealous.&nbsp; 

After the two were done fucking and Barbara left the studio, the station got about 20 calls asking why they were putting on such smut.&nbsp; Of course, nobody called until after Barbara swallowed.

Jim was waiting in his room for Barbara to show up, knowing that she had finished her task, when Tina came storming in.

"What the fuck are you doing with that fucking Barbara bitch you asshole."&nbsp; She asked. "You know that girl almost ruined my life. We were both up for the Crumby award. She told the judges that I copied my paper from the Internet. One of the judges was my reference for law school and because of her I got a bad reference.&nbsp; I told you about that."

Jim remembered. "Sweetums, you don't understand. I bought Barbara to be your personal slave. I knew you hated her and I bought her so you could torture her.&nbsp; She is my wedding present from me to you."

Just then Barbara walked into the room and raised her hand to protest. "Fu.." Jim hit her to the ground, kicked her and gagged her mouth. 

"Dumb shit. You think I was going to free you. What an idiot. I'm going to send you back to Juan for some retraining. By the time we come to get you, you will be the world's best pussy licker too." 

Barbara was stunned. She trusted this guy. She was numb. She just couldn't comprehend what was going on. Freedom. Yes. Freedom. No. She was chained again. Jim found some handcuffs and secured Barbara for transport, in the trunk of his Mercedes.

"Thanks Honey. This is the best wedding present ever," Tina said with the biggest smile Jim had ever seen. "Daddy gave me a new house, but you gave me revenge." Tina walked up to her slave and drove her 6" stiletto heel into her tender right tit until she screamed. Blood dripped from her nipple. "This is going to be so much fun."

Jim and Tina got married and live happily in their 5 bedroom mansion. Barbara survives in a cage in their basement.





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  R. E. Lavaque


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





