BDSM Library - Sister Amelia




Sister Amelia
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Martha Allen becoms a Nun giving up all her posessions her name her dignity everything for the order and finds true fulfillment. 






Everyone has pivotal moments where a decision taken irrevocably changes the course of one's life, often these can only be identified with the benefit of hindsight but, Martha was in no doubt that such a moment had come. She sat alone in the long room, the interview panel of four nuns and a priest had finished their searching questions and had retired to the ante room to decide her fate.

She had written many months before offering herself for a life of purity and devotion, and as they sought to establish she was serious she had supplied gradually more and more references from her own priest, school teachers even her own parents who wished her to have a rich and full life, get married have kids, and more important, look after them in their old age in the small town nestling in the mountains of Nebraska.

Martha was surprised at the beauty of the downtown offices, a glass and steel building maybe ten years old, no ostentatious luxury but everything he highest quality, Marble floors and pillars, beautifully carved chairs and tables, everything polished to a deep lustre, and the paintings hung around the walls, the last supper, palm sunday, not old masters but beautifully done, in beautiful hand carved frames, only the bestseemed good enough here.

The door opened and she stood up as she thought she ought.

The Priest returned, holding the file containing her papers, he smiled a friendly smile 
"We have doubts, Martha, but we will give you the benefit of that doubt, so If you agree, we welcome you to our order."

Martha was puzzled "Agree"

"Yes my dear, we feel a trial period, is in order, if you or indeed the Order decide that you are nor fitted for this life, then we will help you regain your place in outside society, but the test for you is leaving familiar surroundings, we shall send you 
abroad to train."

Martha sat down as if in shock, she had figured she would at least remain in the USA, but abroad. "When do I go?" she enquired.

The Priest was reassuring," The flight leaves at six so you have an hour to ring your parents, before the car comes for you"

Martha's head spun "Where am I going?" she asked.

He smiled "Questions, are you sure you wish a life of obedience?"

She nodded, "What about my stuff."

A kindly middle aged Nun spoke "We shall supply everything required, and hold your possessions until you take final vows, then we shall give them to the poor."

Martha walked to the desk and slowly and deliberately added her signature to the documents four sets being provided in the best bureaucratic traditions, and then as the nuns quietly smiled at her the eldest sister gently took Martha's hand and led her to the side room, phone, phone books, pen, writing paper with the orders heading, envelopes, laptop computer everything necessary for a final call or letter home sat on the simple desk.

The nun spoke softly "You have an hour,"

Martha left a message on her mom's answering service, wrote her friends an email and her grandmother a letter and then it was time to go.

A nun entered, "You are Martha Allen yes?" she enquired.

Martha turned and saw a vision of beauty, in her simple black robe, with her hair covered just her face fringed with the white headdress, unadorned natural but beautiful.

"I'm Martha , Hi " she agreed. 

"Good I am Sister Charlotte, your chaperone; I have a dress for you, more suitable than you so short skirt I think."&nbsp; Charlotte held the simple long black dress out to Martha. 

"Please put this on, we have a plane to catch".

Martha slipped off her red Jacket and her knee length skirt, standing self consciously in her tee white tee shirt and pantyhose with her frilly pink knickers and brassiere faintly visible through the translucent material.

The long black dress fitted perfectly, to her surprise, and Charlotte agreed her flat heeled black shoes would be fine.

"Your case is in the car, so leave your purse on the table by your jacket and we can go."

Martha was completely unprepared for this, her cell phone, all her private stuff, her comb.

Charlotte spoke soothingly, "It is time to leave such materialistic things aside, come I have your papers, time to go."

Martha felt strangely naked without her cell phone and purse, yet in black with no perceptible cleavage and a hemline near her ankles she was almost as covered up as when wearing her dad's boiler suit when she had helped fix the shed roof last fall.

A black Limousine waited for them at the kerbside, Martha looked surprised at it's opulence, Charlotte reassured her, "It's the Bishop's, we borrow it to save the cost of a Taxi".&nbsp; As it sped them to the airport, Martha reflected on what she had done in the past and dreamed of the future, and what was in store for her, perhaps singing Ave Maria to a crowded abbey or monastery chapel or Nessum Dorma, originally and properly a Soprano solo not the Tenor of Pavarotti and the like, Martha loved to sing, and had she realised it was the love of music not God that had set her on this course...

On arrival at the Airport the check in was perfunctory and they were whisked to the executive lounge.

Martha was surprised, "Why first class"

Charlotte chuckled, "It's an upgrade, only the best for God, we pay standby yet fly first class, don't ask, enjoy." 

The plane was near empty, a 747 and while Charlotte sampled the delights of the drinks trolley Martha tried to sleep.

The flight was long and uneventful, and landing silky smooth.

Charlotte staggered and swayed through customs and failed to recognise her bags on the luggage carousel until Martha guessed it must be the nondescript brown one,
but a Limousine similar to the one they travelled in earlier was waiting for them and&nbsp; soon they were heading out into the mountains, climbing ever higher, the dizzying height amplified by the tortuous hairpin bends, Martha felt queasy in her stomach as clearly Charlotte did too .

Charlottte asked the driver to stop, and she walked to the edge of the highway where clutching a guard rail as they surveyed a thousand foot drop Charlotte threw up, the golden chunks of vomit shining and glistening in the Italian sun, as they tumbled and fell.

Charlotte explained "I cannot resist the alcohol, all other temptation yes, wine no, but Jesus did he not turn water into wine?" she hiccupped and motioned for them to return to the car.

The convent was situated for defence rather than comfortable living, they passed an ornate gatehouse&nbsp; and continued for several miles it seemed climbing higher and higher up the single track road every now and again passing places equipped with red and green lights were provided to regulate traffic and at one point a lifting bridge over a ravine provided additional security, The road ending at a turning head and car park over a mile short of the mountain top on which the bleak stone Convent perched.&nbsp; Martha noticed several Nuns loading provisions from a supermarket truck onto a four wheeled cart.

Charlotte collected their cases and they set off to walk up the narrow winding track.
The wind whistled around and a brief flurry of rain welcomed them as they entered the portals of the Convent of St Angelique.

Charlotte announced their return at the reception desk, a modern desk with computer screens fitted into the thirteenth century architecture.

She looked at Martha, smiled and told her to wait, and with a small wave walked away.

Martha heard footsteps, almost military in their regularity, and a small nun approached, maybe sixty Martha guessed.

"I am sister Grace, you I presume are Martha"

"Yes Sister"

"Then come with me."&nbsp; Martha followed along long cold corridors with plain stone walls and worn stone floors, and up narrow stone staircases until they arrived in a long room. a long partition ran the length of the room seeming to divide a section into cubicles. "We have been allocated the name Amelia, Sister Amelia, for when you take your final vows."

Martha was stunned, they were even going to take away her name, "I like being Martha" she complained.

Grace smiled, "I was Tiffany, Fanny they called me, I like Grace better, you will like being Amelia, you will see." 

Sister Grace opened a door and showed Martha her cubicle, a wooden shelf two feet wide a foot off the floor on one side, shelves a foot wide on the other and coat hooks in the far wall the only fittings, A coarse blanket lay on the wide shelf.

Grace smiled. "Your new home, you will like it here I know, now put the robe you brought with you on, and the shoes and I shall return for the other things in a few minutes, oh and the ear stud, and your watch. I shall fetch refreshment."

Martha unlocked the case, two robes, two shoes, and a simple rectangle of cloth all bound round a beautiful reproduction antique bible.

Martha realised the implications, but quickly undressed and slipped the long robe over her head, it was coarse and it irritated her breasts but at least it was thick and warm.
She slipped on the boots, a perfect fit.

Sister Grace reappeared carrying a tray, "You do like chicken I hope, and chipped potatoes?"

Martha liked eating chicken but hated having to kill and pluck the birds that had become pets back home.

Grace collected Martha's clothes. "It takes some getting used to but it's so much more healthy, I remember my tight pants used to leave horrible marks around my waist, oh yes I was young once too."&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

Martha was intrigued, "Do all the Nuns speak English?"

Grace replied, "We train Nuns for English speaking Countries so yes, but some days are silent so we communicate by sign."

Grace turned to leave, "I shall collect the tray, and take you to the lavatories in a few minutes."

Grace returned and led Martha along the row of cubicles to the end where to her surprise a bench or plank about eighteen inches above the floor with six large round holes in was situated above six oversize enamel buckets. "We do not have the latest technology, but it works, so do what you need to, use the newspaper or if you prefer a page from the Koran. Sister Alyssa always likes the Koran, Grace smiled like a naughty school girl.

Martha sat on the cold hard wood. her bowels clenched tight as she relieved her bladder, and looked up startled as a group of nuns walked in, and as some waited others took up the places beside her, she waited but as the others wiped themselves unconsciously she felt able to do the same.

Then Grace took her to the back wall where the cold stone basins awaited the cold water from more galvanised buckets, she watched fascinated as quite unselfconsciously other nuns pulled off their habits and hanging them on the rail provided proceeded to wash in the icy water.

Martha found a vacant bowl and taking the coarse cloth washed herself all over except her feet.

Grace spotted this omission "Your feet child, I shall chastise you for that before you go to sleep."

Martha laboriously undid the laces and removed the long boots, and carefully washed between her toes. 

Grace clapped her hands, "Girls, this is Martha, she will be known after induction as Sister Amelia and she is a dirty girl who was going to bed with unwashed feet, I must chastise her, will someone who has not sinned today administer six lashes.

Silence fell. Martha reached in her pocket and pulled out a whip, a short handle then a long flexible leather strap, six feet in total perhaps.

Martha saw Nuns moving to the Wall opposite the cubicles and noticed the handrail a few feet from the wall, for ballet she had thought until the first Nun bent over it and raised her habit to reveal a very shapely backside.

Grace glared at her "All must suffer for your misdemeanour" she announced moving down the row, the whip landing but once on each leaving an ugly weal on each wobbling or tight backside.

Grace ordered them to bed and each went to their own cubicle, Martha saw her name Amelia and entered and only after she shut the door did it register that it could only be opened by a key from inside.&nbsp; 

Martha sought to open a conversation but immediately Grace bellowed "Silence."

The night should have passed slowly but Martha fell instantly into a deep untroubled sleep.

She was woken at four as the others got up and she joined in prayers in the chapel, glad of her Latin lessons at JFK high school back home.

By six she was scrubbing the chapel floor, menial work she would never have dreamed of back home and by ten she was trying out for the choir.

The afternoon she spent doing test translations from Latin to American english using a computer and after dinner in the main dining hall, and prayers she was brought to the mother superior.

She peered down at Martha, "My Child god has truly instilled within you great gifts, you may sing with the choir, and in time train for solo parts and your gifts will be of use for translation, but, do you understand what penances these privileges bring.

Martha had no idea. "No Reverend Mother"

The Mother Superior smiled "You shall empty the latrine buckets, and take a turn at the luggage cart, do you agree?" 

Martha smiled, "If it is Gods will, then so be it." 

Martha had cause to regret her bravado.

The Latrines were emptied after lock in, Grace came for her at Midnight and showed her the yoke and how to hang a bucket on each end and then lift them to her shoulders, A door led t a flight of steps. down into the bowels of the convent then a rocky path down the mountainside to the open cess pit, one of three use in rotation to provide fertiliser for the village a few miles down the valley.

The buckets were full and the shit threatened to spill out.

Grace whispered conspiratorially "We used to hang our robes on the hook and go down without, to keep them clean,"

Martha looked at her feet

Grace nodded, "Those as well"

Forty eight hours after leaving her home in the US clutching a straight A report from School Martha stepped naked into the Mountain moonlight carrying two stinking buckets of cold shit on a wooden yoke round her neck.

Martha felt exhilarated she belonged at last, a useful member of society.

She washed and refilled the buckets in the mountain stream to provide the washing water for next day and after three round trips she went tired but happy to her bed.

She was detailed for the Cart next day, a closed day, no one was allowed within two miles of the grounds on closed days and so they made use of the time, Habits were useless attire for hard physical labour so a simple work outfit of a wide leather belt around the waist then up between the breasts to a collar around the neck had evolved, on public days this was to be worn under a Habit with the tow ropes lead through slots but the girls found it more pleasant to work without.

So Martha took her place with six others as they hauled the little cart up the narrow road, they started by singing songs but towards the top someone misjudged the width and the Cart stopped with a wheel off the track jammed among the rocks, the girls strained to their utmost until helped on by lashes across their bare backs and buttocks the dragged the cart clear, the sense of achievement and comradeship was overwhelming, and Martha realised she was bizarrely exhilarated by their teamwork and judging by the other girls she was not alone in this.

Weeks passed, Martha started her period and enquired about towels or tampons.

Sister Grace told her not to worry about such things but to concentrate on prayer but Martha found the experience humiliating in the extreme.

A few days later as she scrubbed the Chancel floor the Mother Superior sent for her.

She greeted Martha, offered her wine and chocolate biscuits and had her sit down. "My child, you have given reasonable satisfaction thus far, but as with all Americans we must be honest and admit that we are unsure of your claims to retaining your Virginity, will you submit to a full examination."

Martha was indignant, "Reverend Mother I am so hurt at this suggestion, yes you may inspect me, but rest assured pure I am and pure I shall remain."

The older woman was apologetic, "I regret that Doctor Fischer is the only physician available, will you submit to his examinations."

Martha had a tinge of guilt, her own Doctor had checked her lower regions on a number of occasions in the States and she wondered if any of his incursions had in fact torn her Hymen. "Yes I had a male doctor in the states, it is nothing to me."

The examination took place immediately, in the adjacent medical room where Martha sat with her feet in stirrups in the custom made gynaecological chair where Dr Fischer could spread her legs apart at will to inspect her and with her robe lifted up he had unimpeded access.

The Doctor smiled "You have a beautiful hymen my dear," he removed his fingers from where they had been separating her lower lips and Martha felt ashamed both at how nice the doctors fingers felt and the glistening moisture which his incursions had produced in her.&nbsp; 

Dr Fischer was a Doctor, but of engineering not gynaecology and he had a penchant for young ladies, specifically Virgins

Dr Fischer informed Martha the consultation was over before her followed the Mother Superior to her office.

Martha was not the first Virgin Nun to be offered for a great deal of money nor would she be the last but Convents are expensive items to build and run, and eighteen year old Virgins almost extinct.

Fischer wrote the cheque for $100 000. One hundred thousand dollars American, he would listen to her sing at Mass and then she would be taken to a guest room were he would take her, by force if necessary.

Martha was on cloud nine after singing Nessum Dorma, she the soloist for the first time and then the thrill increased as the order to go to Guest room five was relayed.

Martha knocked decorously, and was invited in. she saw the Doctor. "Oh Doctor is there a problem" she asked.

"No, not a problem, It is just that I am overcome by your beauty and I wish to lie with you."

Martha stared "No I am a Nun it is forbidden."

He smiled, "And you feel nothing for me, do you not remember how the touch of my fingers made you feel, did it not feel right?"

Martha's hill country nature showed through the thin veneer of cloistered servitude, "no you are old, old enough to be my father, the very thought of what you propose disgusts me."

His eyes twinkled, "But disgust can turn to interest and to excitement and pleasure, I shall not force you, but neither shall I honour the cheque I have paid the Mother Superior for your, ah, maidenhead."

Martha flew from the room running where even walking briskly was banned until she reached the Mother Superior's room all the senior Nuns were there, and seated behind her desk was the boss, the Mother Superior, their earnest discussion, abruptly ceased and they looked up shocked at Martha's intrusion.

Martha glared angrily across the desk "You sold my soul." 

The older woman's reply stunned her "He offered one hundred thousand American for you, think of the good works we can do with that money, one hundred thousand, can you not do this for us, for the poor."

"No never" Martha shouted.

The Mother Superior scolded her "Then you are a selfish girl, putting yourself first and above others, you have no place here."

The implications sank in to Martha, she rallied her thoughts. "Make it two fifty thousand then."

"I shall pay three hundred with pleasure" the Doctor had entered quietly and had called Martha's bluff.

Three hundred thousand, the Mother Superior's hands became clammy and she found herself becoming aroused.

"Then it is agreed, take her to the Guest room, but stay with her Sister Grace, ensure that only that which has been agreed is done."

Martha returned to the guest room much slower than she had left, her stomach churning at the thought of the unspeakable depravity to come.

Doctor Fischer and Sister Grace followed her and as they entered sister Grace securely locked and bolted the door from the inside.

Sister Grace put her arms round Martha, hugging her as a mother would her own child
"just gird yourself, pray and it will soon be over."

Martha snapped, "It is easy to say"

Grace smiled her naughty schoolgirl smile "I too was young once, and pretty, he was a nobleman, you never forget."

Doctor Fischer spoke apologetically, "In the excitement I seem to have ejaculated in my trousers so I regret we must adjourn this little liaison until a later date.

Grace was outraged, "No take her now, or never, take your robe off child, show your beauty, thrill this vile beast.

Martha pulled her robe off over her head and stood by the bed naked except for her boots, the bulge in Fischer's trousers remained inconsequential.

Grace seized the initiative, wrenching open Fischer's striped trousers and hauling down his boxer shorts she grasped the slime covered member and squeezed the sac containing the testes, then as it stiffened she wiped it with a cloth and to Martha's complete horror Grace kissed the end then she kissed the shaft before opening her mouth wide and swallowing the whole length, the member stirred to hardness, and Grace stood up. "See it is ready".

Martha arranged herself on the bed, spreading her legs as she supposed a prostitute would do to more easily accept the Doctors swollen member.

She smiled at the bizarre circumstances, a doctor in a smart pinstripe suit, with his trousers around his ankles about to ravish her, and she a naked Nun with her legs arranged with the obscenity of a common prostitute as she waited patiently to be deflowered, the greatest of all sins for a Nun, and most bizarre of all, with another fully dressed Nun in attendance.

He knelt before her and she closed her eyes as she sensed him approaching, the soft yet hard tip of his manhood tantalising her lower lips, then inching further, she felt moisture and to her horror realised it was her own secretions, her body disobeying her mind as it sought to minimise the damage the intruder mighty wreak then the sudden pain, the membrane resisting his thrusts, but it was young and healthy and in the normal course of nature its time would already have passed, and so with a sharp pain which made her scream briefly she became at once both woman and prostitute.

Sister Grace went from feelings of relief as Fischer's Penis disappeared within Martha to horror as she wrapped her les around him and appeared to enjoy the experience; she even thought Martha invited him to fuck her harder at one stage. 
Martha struggled with her emotions, something unforeseen, the pain was as expected but this raw emotion writhing like the very devil within her, like a coiled spring waiting to explode, and the trigger was the release of the mans seed, the fluid searing hot yet ice cold shot within her and something exploded within her she prayed for forgiveness as the waves of her first ever orgasm swept over her. "yes, yes, fuck me, fuck me harder, no don't stop, oh god, don't stop, she realised Grace was staring at her.
Grace could see that Martha could never be the same naive innocent again 

Fischer pulled his shrinking slime covered appendage from her, she felt sullied and dirty, she wanted a hot shower, to scrub away the sullied layers of skin with a coarse brush to rid herself of his filth but a part of her wanted Fischer to repeat the performance, she shivered at the thought.

Fischer planted a kiss decorously on Martha's cheek, thanked her nicely and bowing and fastening his trousers he thanked Grace as she opened the door for him and he strode from the room.






























Part Two

Martha sat on the bed in the Guest room at the Convent of St Angelique high in the Alps far from her home in Nebraska, where she had foresworn a life of materialism and pleasures of the flesh for a life of devotion and obedience.

The bed sheets stained with blood and slime bore mute testimony to her ordeal, her simple black robe thrown artlessly across a chair, she sat naked but for her black lace up boots.

Her head hung sadly down, and she peered sadly at her bruised and abused private parts between her outspread thighs, from where blood mixed with semen oozed slowly from her.

Sister Grace placed a hand on her shoulder, "I heard you, you wanted more."

Martha burst into tears, "I'm sorry, Sister, please forgive me."

Grace held her close, "We must cleanse your soul, come to the Lady Chapel,"

Martha reached for her robe. Grace stopped her, "No you must bear your shame for all to see, do not despair, we shall guide you through this difficult time."

Grace gently took Martha's hands and placing them behind her back began to wind 
a bandage around her wrists, tightly so she could not free them, but not so as to cause discomfort, then taking a wider bandage and cotton pads she proceeded to blindfold her. 

"You will be beaten to remove the devils lusts from your loins, and it is only fair that you know not who chastises you, it is the will of God not the will of earthly mortals that you are so chastised."

Grace then unlaced Martha's shoe's "You shall remain naked until the Devil is cast out, do not fear I shall guide you."

Grace gently guided Martha down the corridors, the cold of the worn stone floors chilling Martha's feet until they arrived, at the Lady Chapel, a smaller room at right angles to the main Cathedral like Church of St Angelique, with its magnificent golden alter. 

Beyond the Lady Chapel lay a dressing room for the choir and in a corner a rough hewn cross, fitted securely into a deep socket in the stone floor and allegedly an exact replica of that at Gethsemane where Jesus died.

Grace guided Martha to the cross where first she place Martha's feet each side of the post before securing her with rough ropes then her hands were first released then tied with more ropes to the arms of the cross.

The first strike of the whip shocked Martha and she screamed but as the rhythm continued slowly, methodically and she heard the prayers said for her she realised the love her sisters felt for her, the prayers continued, the whipping continued in relays but instead of assuaging her guilt they instead inflamed her, her nipples stood out like rifle bullets and her tiny clitoris stood hard and erect peeking out from under it's hood, but even as they worked evil forces conspired to negate their efforts.

Doctor Fischer sat crunching numbers, with appropriate mitigation and passing the donation through multiple accounts and EU subsidies, he kept coming up with the figure of 102% , he would get three hundred and six thousand dollars in Tax offset for his three hundred thousand "Donation" he needed to confirm later but the though of the randy little American bitch whore nun was causing an erection which threatened to impede the steering of his Mercedes, he thought of her bleeding cunt dripping with his cum, and regretted she could not be stitched up and busted again like a Japanese whore.

Fischer studied figures while Martha stayed tied to the cross, they offered her a drink of vinegar the same as Jesus had been offered, but denied her the opportunity to be let down for even a moment so that her legs became stained as she could no loner resist her bladder and bowels need for relief, so as Fischer wallowed in opulent idleness Martha sampled the very depths of depravity.

Berhardt Fischer's fingers trembled as he locked his office door, dialled the Convent's number and asked to speak to the Mother Superior.

Fischers voice wavered as he spoke, he somehow found the will to lay out his perverted desires. The Mother Superior, listened, patiently, she asked him to wait a few seconds as she secured the door, then she returned to her chair, picked up the phone and asked him to repeat his request.

The Mother Superior's robes of red with the dazzling white headpiece richly embroidered with gold looked incongruous as she hitched the hem high around her neck placing her feet on the desk and spreading her knees wide apart as the sheer depravity of the man's ideas turned her on, the handle of her ornate gold paper knife slid easily between her soaking cunt lips and she began to pleasure herself at the thought of what Fischer proposed.&nbsp;&nbsp; 

Fischer became agitated his trousers around his ankles he grasped his shaft and was slowly wanking himself as he spoke, he became less and less coherent as he became more aroused and just as the Mother superior herself reached the point of losing control and tipping into orgasmic bliss, his balls erupted sending spunk arcing over the papers on his desk.

Their deep breathing was almost comical as each tried to conceal their recent pleasure, but the following evening was agreed as was the one hundred thousand dollar fee, and the nature of the depravity.&nbsp; 

Sister Grace was surprised to find that Martha was to suffer further indignities, and that she must rest, Mother Superior had sent clothing, a tight tee shirt and tiny Miniskirt, with four inch heels on the red shoes. and they took Martha down after over fifty hours of near constant beatings, they laid her on the cold stone floor and washed and scrubbed her, before dressing her as a slut and taking her to a Guest room where she ate heartily and fell into a contented sleep.

The Mother Superior came to see Martha the following Afternoon, She gently wok the sleeping girl and spoke apologetically. "My dear, you have the opportunity to serve once more."
&nbsp; 
Martha sensed the implications, but did not understand. "How can I serve again, he took my virginity, my honour, I have nothing to give."

Mother Superior steeled herself, "Your tormentor seeks to sodomise you to take and use of the other orifice, which is as yet pure."

Martha went visibly white "He wants to fuck my ass, is that it, how much this time, a hundred thousand, two, well I wont do it."

"A million" 

The words hit Martha like a blow from a prize-fighter.

"You fucking take him up your ass." Martha cried.

The Mother Superior shocked her. "I would if he would pay even fifty Thousand, we need the Money." She thought of her Mercedes Limousine now almost two years old and the gold crosses Asprey had on display would not be there for ever.

Martha looked the Mother Superior in the eye "I fucking don't believe you."

The Older Woman looked back peering deep into Martha's eyes. "You are right, but I am old, too old, but you will heal, there will be no lasting harm."

"Then take him like I have, as if to make a child, break your vows for money."

The Mother Superior felt herself become aroused, and spotted a wonderful opportunity, "I shall offer myself as you suggest if you will do my bidding,"

Martha realised she had gone too far, "Please forgive me."

The Mother Superior smiled, of course, but I have agreed, I must keep my word, I shall offer myself to Dr Fischer for one hundred thousand dollars, if he refuses then he may not take you, are we agreed.

Martha nodded slowly.

Fischer arrived, and was ushered to the presence of Martha and the Mother Superior,
The Mother Superior addressed him.

"Doctor Fischer, Martha has made a condition, she believes I am unwilling to do what I ask of her, If you are to take her as you wish, first you must pay a fee of a Hundred thousand dollars and take me to your bed as a Woman."
Fischer looked stern as his heart pounded, the Mother Superior, the most unattainable of all, he often masturbated to her photograph, she was his dream woman, he knew she was young for her role, slightly younger than his fifty five years and as yet untouched he was sure, he would pay a Million, especially as he would get back more than he "Donated" from the EU in tax rebates.

Fisher spoke, such a sacrifice, "I shall pay a million dollars,"

The Mother Superior fainted, from shock some supposed, from lust in reality, and when she woke she left instructions for the Cardinals suite to be prepared for her degradation.

Martha was distraught. "I am so sorry; truly I am the Devils handmaiden."

Sister Grace comforted her, "It is economic necessity my dear and we shall be able to repair the roof and give to the poor this year thanks to your sacrifice."

The Mother Superior worried about her liaison, would he be disappointed, she had not had sex since her affair with Father Andrew ended with his promotion to headquarters three years before. she pondered how to present herself as she followed Fischer into the Cardinals suite, she indicated the bedroom, and locked the outer doors, Fischer allayed her fears and he came up behind her kissing her neck and cupping her breasts.

"I am nor a Virgin," She said, "Did you expect me to be so."

Fischer smiled, peeling off his jacket and trousers and hanging them over a chair back and then removing his shoes, socks and underwear, to stand naked but for his Rolex watch.&nbsp; "Andrew is a friend of mine"

The Mother Superior blushed and slipped the heavy robe from her mature body.
"Do I excite you," she asked somewhat superfluously as Fischer's Manhood strained to the limit.
&nbsp;&nbsp; 
They embraced, as if it was the most natural thing and slowly they turned and moved to the bed, she sank back and felt the manhood she craved slip elegantly inside her

She spoke quietly "I wanted you so much, I was so hurt when you wanted that slut"

He kissed her nose, "I would have chosen you, over her any day, but you seemed so unattainable and obsessed by money, nothing like Andrew described,"

She raised her head to kiss him, "be quiet and pleasure me properly" she ordered

He asked one more question "What's your name?"

"Rosa, call me Rosa."
 
Sister Grace ushered the other sisters away from the door of the Suite as the noises of joyful love making became embarrassingly loud.

Later much later Sister Grace came for Martha, "Mother Superior will see you now, she announced as if everything was normal, but as they entered into the Cardinal's suite all was very far from normal, the Mother Superior without her head dress her long auburn hair cascading around her shoulders lay in bed the sheets pulled up around her and her robe discarded.

Martha averted her gaze in embarrassment,

The Mother Superior spoke "Look at me child, I have fulfilled my side of the bargain, see" she slid from the bed revealing the evidence of recent sex running don her leg.
"Your time has been put back, Mr Fischer is exhausted, I shall remain with him until morning to nurse him back to full strength."

Martha felt real shame as she bowed and left the room. Grace followed, locking the door on the outside with the Great Key.
&nbsp; 
Fischer sat in an arm chair in the Ante room, resting, but as Rosa came for him and she gently caressed his balls he sprang again to full erection and pulled Rosa down to him.

They watched the morning sun rise over the Mountain peaks, Rosa leaning on the window sill of the Cardinal's bedroom as Bernhardt Fischer slowly fucked her from behind cupping her generous tits in his hands, and then passion over, his aching balls drained once again and her cunt leaking the fluids he had filled her with, they returned naked to the bed to rest, tiredness gripped them, their one night of love so nearly at an end and yet the temptation could no longer be resisted and as she spread her thighs his abused prick obediently sprang to life and they fucked once more.

They woke in early afternoon, he lying across her too exhausted to move after the mornings ejaculations, she revelling in his presence, she had decided, she would have him again, they would be lovers, she was the bride of God but when did he last give her an orgasm, he had deserted her she reasoned.

They brought Fischer to ravage Martha later that evening, but his strength and will power crumbled with her unconscious protests, her tight Anus too small and Fischer too exhausted to perform, he even tried fucking her from behind and changing holes in mid stroke but still she resisted him.&nbsp; 

The Mother Superior was seriously displaced, Fischer was supposed to ravage the little slut quickly and return to her warm embrace, she hated him for cheating on her.

Sister Grace comforted Martha, "Do not despair my dear, in is Gods way, he moves in mysterious ways sometimes but always for the best reasons. 


Martha complained "It was horrible and he could not enter, I am too small for him, I have to go through all that again."

Sister Agnes came up to them and conspiratorially handed Grace a simple wooden box, Grace recognised it and opened the lid to show Martha, revealing a blue velvet lining and tapered wooden rods a foot of so long and in decreasing diameter from some tapering from four to six inches down to one that started like a pencil and swelled to mere Inch yet it ended in a six inch half ball as did the others. A set of shaped rubber plugs nestled haphazardly in a separate compartment .

Grace explained "Sometimes the poor women cannot easily accept their new husbands within them, so the priest will assist them and by using these rods will exercise the muscles and stretch the orifice to pleasurable proportions, this one was used on a young boy just entering the priesthood, hence the addition of plugs but it will be ideal for you."

Grace asked for assistance "Sister Althea, Sister Magdalene, pray assist myself and Agnes to ease Martha's trial.

They stood Martha against the metal frame of the end of the bed and as the bar was almost exactly right for her to bend over keeping her legs straight yet her torso horizontal, they carefully took her hands and bound her to the bed frame then Sister grace took a towel and carefully forced it into Martha's mouth to stifle her cries, securing it with a bandage.

Agnes carefully selected the smallest rod and gently slipped it into the grey slime oozing from Martha's vagina, then with the rod made slippery lubricated by Gods own brand of lube she forced it into Martha's anus.

Martha's muffled cry confirmed their success and swiftly someone lubricated the next size and the next and as the poor girl screamed her anal canal was widened yet more to permit its new use.

Blood stained the tenth rod and the women knew they had pushed too far, even so on withdrawal Martha's anus would no longer close properly, a one inch hole remaining.
Sister Agnes took the black rubber plug marked number five and after coating it with copious amounts of lubricant scooped by her fingers from Martha's sopping cunt she forced it into the orifice with an audible plop.

Sister Grace comforted Martha "It is done child, now rest"

But Martha strained against her bonds screaming into her gag, and when Grace allowed her to speak she pleaded for the invader to be taken away.

Agnes released Martha's left hand and she immediately grabbed the plug and went to remove it, Agnes slapped her face and fetched a wide leather belt from her bag which she buckled around Martha's waist and then passed Martha's hands through two leather loops which she pulled tight and fastened the buckles.

Agnes chastised her "You cannot be trusted so we have to restrain you for your own good, we shall allow ten minutes for your functions each morning but otherwise until you have undertaken your task you shall remain like this."

Grace was more sympathetic, she cut away Martha's sluttish Tee shirt and removed her skirt to leave her bound and naked, Martha at once seemed a martyr where before she had been a whore and as Grace finished the sun shone through the narrow window illuminating Martha in its Golden glow, a golden statue about to be sacrificed to save others. As one the Sisters all knelt to pray, God had given them a sign.

Agnes felt for Martha, and her need to atone, she rummaged in the ancient bag, left from the days the Nazis had used the building as a command post and brothel at the end of the war, and plucked out a dog collar and leash, she fastened it around Martha's neck and with a shock she noticed the name tag attached to the collar: Bernhardt.

Grace cut a hole in a bed sheet and slipped it over Martha's head as a makeshift robe.

Agnes disagreed, "she needs to repent, not be pampered"

Grace agreed, "Yes, let us administer pain, to cleanse her soul."

Agnes produced little clamps from within the bag, in shining gold and silver their pupose obscure until Agnes gestured,

Martha smiled her naughty school girl smile and as they once again stripped Martha,&nbsp; and each working on a breast as Sister Magdalene inserted her fingers in Martha's sopping hole it was the work of a moment to kiss and arouse Martha's nipples from tiny buds to their full size where they could apply the clamps, Martha screamed ith the pain, it felt as if her already sensitive nipples had been torn off even before they hung little gold weights representing Mary and Jesus on each clamp.

They secured a row of three clamps to each of Martha's Labia lips with a little lead figurine attached and watched amazed as Martha's little clit strained, she should be in agony yet she had become aroused. Sister Magdalene had barely started to kiss and nibble at it when Martha's body writhed in orgasm.

Martha's mind was in turmoil as they led her from the room, her arse on fire so it seemed, she had difficulty in walking especially as she still wore whore's shoes with four inch heels and with her bound arms unable to save her as Grace led her by the lead. Agony and ecstasy flowed in equal measure from the clamps on her sensitive nipples and lower lips.

It all became too much, Martha stumbled and collapsed decorously to the ground, wailing into her gag, and as she lost control she disgraced herself splashing the corridor floor with her urine.

Agnes took the gag from Martha's mouth, soaked up the urine with it and pushed it back in Martha's mouth "you really are a disgusting slut" she announced with a sly wink.

They took Martha to a bare cell; stone walls oak partition walls nothing else.

"Pray my child, pray for salvation"

But it was not prayer exercising Martha's mind but physical things weights, she found the swinging of the weights stimulating as knowing it was wrong and evil did nothing to lessen her excitement as she found how slight movements sent waves of excitement coursing through her veins, she felt on fire and craved something anything to fill the void in her room, she lay on her belly humping the floor grinding her clit against a raised slab standing proud, sweat poured from her and he wetness dripped then spurted as she experienced orgasm after orgasm.

Rosa the Mother Superior nursed Bernhardt Fischer back to health, his failure to take Martha's anal virginity which could have left deep emotional scars was put into perspective as Rosa demanded and received regular penetrations, and as the high protein diet the sisters brought took effect they believed his strength was increasing and his orgasms and ejaculate became greater each time.

It was the evening of day four, Convent life continued near normally but without the cadre of senior nuns overseeing Martha and Bernhardt.

Agnes took Martha to the courtyard, she felt hundreds of eyes bore into her naked body, and standing by a hose pipe, Agnes removed Martha's Butt Plug and inserted the hose in a single motion, Martha screamed into her gag but the water pressure did its job emerging stained brown with her shit, leaving her clean inside for Bernhardt.

Bernhardt wanted to get back to Rosa, he was no longer interested in Martha's arse he had already found heaven between Rosa's legs, so he had donned a simple priestly red robe for the short walk to Martha's cell.

She was standing there, silenced by her gag, naked but for the high heels and belt, with her hands tied, he smiled "All ready" he asked,&nbsp; she nodded and bent over, the simple motion set her weights swaying arousing her beyond her control.&nbsp; He undid her gag, and kissed her lips, He gazed at her, how he wished for the days of ancient Rome when he would have been entitled to her and several more like her as slave girls, a wife such as Rosa and a slave slut such as this and a man could find true happiness.

Bernhardt pulled the Robe over his head, and walked behind Martha and aiming at her ass hole now gaping obscenely he gently pushed his manhood inside her, i was pleasant enough he thought, but Martha was overcome. and sarted to thrust back at him until they collapsed in a heap, Brnhardt sought to pull out but Martha would not allow it, "Fuck me you Bastard you wanted it now fucking do it"
He pounded into her and explored her vagina and clit with his fingers as they thrust brutally against one another he face crushed against the cold stone floor, the clamps forced into her breasts, agonising yet forgotten un noticed among the passion of the moment. 

Bernhardt warned her "I am Coming"

Martha aware her jaw was slowly becoming dislocated whispered "Then fill me, fill me right up, keep fucking and fill me don't talk AAaaaggghhhhh.

They came together, in a heap indecorously on a stone floor.

Bernhardt lay still for a long time listening to Martha's breathing then he helped her up. "I am sorry, I was remiss, I should have untied you, he undid her belt, releasing her hands unclipped each clamp in turn and lipped off her shoes leaving her truly naked.

Her nipples throbbed with the returning blood, its supply cut off by the clamps and she understood his worries.

She stared at him. "It was horrible, I loved it, but I never want to do it again."

She sat down lay back and opened her legs, inspecting her sore lower lips she smiled coyly at him and as he approached she gently guided his manhood into her soft wet warm inviting love tunnel and he took he to a more gentle warm and loving paradise the place he and Rosa had so recently visited and he kissed her gently as her flooded her fertile womb with millions of tiny sperm.

Rosa refused to let Bernhardt leave until the cheque had cleared so it was a full fortnight later that a leaner fitter more relaxed Bernhardt headed back down the mountain road to the world of work.














Review This Story
 || Email Author:  A.Broadsword


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





