BDSM Library - Twenty-eight bend candles




Twenty-eight bend candles
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Maid Vanessa is caught red-handed masturbating with a candle up her butt. Both for punishment and pragmatic reasons, her master demands from her over the next seven days to 'wear' an increasing number of candles.







From the diary of Vanessa's Master - Twenty-eight Bend Candles
The Veterinarian 2007

 1st day

 "One morning, when I had to return unannounced from my work, I wondered why my new maid Vanessa wasn't doing the breakfast dishes, as it is her duty at this time.
I found her in her room, where she laid totally self-absorbed on her back on her bed, her knees near her ears. She was reaming herself with a candle which stuck deeply in her butt.
I was quietly standing in the doorway. At first she didn't noticed me and my displeased expression, until I cleared my throat.
My wayward maid blushed and obviously didn't know what to say, let alone to explain the candle sticking obscenely out of her rear. Well, I let her stew in her own grease before I cut her stuttering, sat beside her, pushed up her legs - candle still sticking out - and gave her a sound, well-deserved spanking, scolding her for her lewd and slutty behaviour while she thought me away for work.
It seemed like Vanessa tried to push something up her butt for the first time, as a new way to masturbate herself, though she wouldn't want to admit it at first. I finally pulled the bend, warm evidence out of my maid's rear - and noticed that her butthole was unacceptably tight. Some interesting ideas sprang to my mind.
I thought of a fitting way to punish Vanessa for diverting household stocks without my orders, and at the same time to increase her rear capacity. This would become an interesting week for her." 

"In seven days from now, she would have to deliver 28 bend tapered candles, warped by the warmth and shape of her nether bowels. The plan was that at the morning of the first day, I would slide one lubed candle into her butt, and remove it at the morning of the next day, when I would insert two fresh candles, then three on the following day's morning, and so on. The tapered shape of the candles would ensure that they wouldn't slip out of Vanessa, at least not unintentionally.
Of course my maid would have to do her daily chores as usual, cleaning, shopping, etc., but would have to hold the waxen sticks in her rear all day long and also while she sleeps, which should probably lead to some interesting dreams for her - as she's confessed sniveling to me during her spanking, she already had some unusual fantasies about Bowser taking advantage of her in her rear. 
The only time she would be relieved of the candles would be, of course, when she would empty her bowels. 
There would be also some changes in her posture, since sitting for her would necessarily require a tilted pelvis and careful movements. Well, I prefer her in an attentive upright position - or on all fours for her work and her meals anyway. As does Bowser."

 2nd day

 "I further instructed Vanessa to to pleasure herself at least one hour in her free time by moving the candles in and out of her rear opening - as long as they would stay firmly embedded in her butt. This should support the gradual stretching of her sphincter, and also get her used to get taken there by the occasional two-legged and four-legged male guests and members of the household, who doubtlessly would enjoy her expanded availability in the future.
Well, I better check on my little maid regularly, at least while she's permanently stuffed. But as far as I can deduce, it's not only discomfort she's experiencing from having her butt filled with wax sticks. As far as I noticed, there's not only a faint whiff of vaseline in the air when she's around, but also one of female arousal. 
I also have to insist that, when she sits down there's a towel on the seat. She's at the moment very fidgety when seated, and the thusly moving candles in her butt obviously keep her quite wet. The combination of both oil-based and natural female lubricant is poison for the upholstery."

 3rd day

 "For dinner, I wanted to try out a new position for Vanessa to be fettered in. I thought it adequate that the candles should be prominent, so I had her arms bound behind her, her doubled over on her back, laying only on her shoulders on our round dinner table - with her butt high in the air. Her knees were at her ears, her wrists and ankles bound at three points to the table, and the trio of candles pointing straight to the ceiling. It was a wonderful, and somehow festive view. Well, I switched off the lights and lighted the candles, which gave enough light to enjoy my dinner between the feet of my little dark-skinned candleholder. From time to time some droplets of molten wax made contact with Vanessa's anus or her swollen lips, which elicited a soft moan from behind her gag. It was all very calm and stimulating at the same time. I observed a certain moistness on her nether lips, especially when I explained to her my plan to have her illuminating my next dinner party this way - after she has served the dishes, of course."

 4th day

 "Well, I gave up my other plan to costume her as a firefly for next halloween. Though the idea of having Vanessa open the door with a bundle of lit candles stuck up her butt, softly lighting her from behind, is quite attractive, there are some drawbacks. First, she's leaving a trail of wax behind her whereever she goes, which will be hard for her to get out of the carpets. Second, since the candles burn down - or up - in only some minutes, she tends to quicken her steps, while muffling some yelps into her gag, when she feels the heat nearing her buttocks. Which blows out the candles. 
Maybe a battery powered fluorescent tube, or some glow-in-the-dark lightsticks, would be better suited as a tail-light for her."

 "Poor Bowser is a little bit confused, since the candles sticking out of Vanessa's butt prevent him from taking a dip into her, even when she's readily available for him, when she's on all fours cleaning the floor or having her meals. In the evening, to teach both of them a new trick, I tightly bound Vanessa as I found her the first day when I broke in on her little candle-session: Laid backwards, knees tucked up and spread wide, with her butt hanging over the edge of the bed. Bowser was already in the room, when I began first gently, then with more vigour, to ream her tight butt with the lubed bundle of candles. When she neared her climax, and the scent of her arousal filled the room, I pushed the candles again deep inside Vanessa, stepped aside and let Bowser take his turn. I was astonished at how nifty he was in mounting and entering my maid in her unusual position - bright dog. When he started pounding Vanessa's pussy in earnest, I reached under her and did the same to her rear with the candles. Good thing Vanessa was tightly fettered down and securely gagged - she came quite violently about half a dozen times, straining against the ropes. The rubberball in her mouth, with minor success, muffled her screams.
An hour later she was all spent, as was the dog. I decided to leave her bound in her available position if Bowser would want seconds during the night, and went out for a nice evening in the city."

 5th day

 "When I freed and ungagged Vanessa this morning to change her candles, the poor thing seemed to be quite sore from her 'excercise' last night. Her room was drenched in a musky smell, mixed with a hint of kennel. A copious amount of Bowser semen was leaking out of my maid's wrinkly, swollen butthole. The good dog obviously had recovered in time to go for seconds, and at some time Vanessa's orgasms pushed the four candles out of her rear. After that Bowser obviously mounted her again that night, taking advantage of Vanessa's lubricated and already stretched butthole. Where did this dog took his energy from? When I went to bed at 4:00 am, I thought I still heard enthusiastic panting and a rhythmic muffled whimpering from Vanessa.
Well, Bowser looks accordingly spent this morning, but I can swear there's a hint of a doggish grin to be seen on him.
I took my time to gently insert the five candles, one after the other, into Vanessa's sore butthole, quite a plight for her after this night. So I rather used some cooling balm than the usual vaseline on her. 
Nevertheless, she was walking more slowly and slightly bowlegged this day."

 6th day

 "At the sixth day Vanessa showed some signs of reluctance, probably because of the increasing girth of the candles, so I had to have a stern talk with her. I was able to bring her back in line to our little program with the prospect of having the procedure repeated on her from day one on - but then with liquid green soap - or mustard - as lubricant instead of liberal amounts of vaseline. She shivered and quickly complied with the status quo.
Well, maybe I should keep this idea in handy the next time Vanessa shows a rebellious behaviour, you never know. It surely would let her appreciate regular enemas, which I plan to introduce to her in the foreseeable future."

 "I further instructed my maid to keep her legs straight and orderly closed when standing attentive - something she was a bit sloppy the last few days, probably because of her irritating stuffing. She gave quite a nice view, especially if one ventured behind her and saw the thick bundle of white candles snugly enclosed between her brown buttocks. A very nice contrast."

 7th day

 "As expected, getting the candles up Vanessa's rear increasingly took more time each morning. Today I spent about an hour to prepare her for the day, and she began groaning after the fifth stick, though she climaxed at least twice during the prolonged procedure. She is obviously nearing her capacity with seven candles, and her sphincter is stretched taut like a drum around the waxen invaders. Over the last six days I used two cans of vaseline on Vanessa, and 21 bent and slightly colored candles were laid out in a cupboard in my maid's room, like trophies - which they were. 
Well, all in all she had been a good girl. I decorated the inserted bundle with a nice length of elegant black ribbon, complete with bow, positioned aesthetically between her buttocks. A beautiful view. Maybe I should make this mandatory as part of her - nearly non-existent - maid's uniform of bonnet, bun, stockings and high heels. The black bow on the white candlesticks between her bouncing buttocks would make a nice eye-catcher. 
She was moaning into her gag, when I led her down to her work, doing tiny steps. 
I had invited some guests for the day and for dinner, when I would explain Vanessa's ordeal over the last week.
After that, the bundle of candles would be - in a small mock ceremony - removed from Vanessa's butt, followed by some high and thorough hot enemas - and then any two- or four-legged interested male could test the newfound compliancy of my maid's rear."

 8th day

 "Vanessa is still a little bit sore from the last days. She paled a little bit, when she discovered the two dozen boxes of tapered white candles, and the clinic-size can of vaseline I ordered."


 Dedicated to the artist Vanessa





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  The Veterinarian


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





