BDSM Library - Dangerous Games




Dangerous Games
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: David and Shana are into playing risky bondage games, but they get more than they bargined for during a camping trip.








--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

WARNING! THIS IS A WORK OF EROTIC BDSM FICTION. IT IS ADULT ORIENTED MATERIAL

OF A SEXUAL AND VIOLENT NATURE. The copyright of this story remains with the author, Night Owl. This posting does not give you the rights to post this on 

any website. You must obtain the author's permission prior to posting.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





Dangerous Games

by Night Owl

Chapter Posted: 07/08

 

(Story Content: M/f, Bondage, Oral Rape, Reluctant)

 

 

Chapter 1



The house was mostly empty and silent, allowing the whistling of the cool night wind to echo throughout its dark interior. Upstairs, the sound of spraying water overpowered the wind's note as the masked intruder silently made his way up to the bedroom. He crouched behind the bed, just beyond the light that funneled in from the bathroom, so he could watch the woman standing in front of the mirror.



Shana was oblivious to the sinister figure lurking in the shadows as she slipped off her robe and stepped into the steaming shower. Moaning softly, she stood motionless, luxuriating for a moment in the warm caress of the water that sprayed on her neck and flowed in rivers down over her, then took the soap and began to work up the lather in her hands.



The intruder moved away from the bed for a closer look. Hooked in his belt were pair of steel handcuffs, and hunter's knife and some rope. He could see every curve of her body in the shower stall through the clear glass. Her slender, well-toned 5 foot, 5 inch frame was set off beautifully by her long golden hair. Her lovely tits were just the perfect size for her figure, and perfectly symmetrical. She was beautiful, and she knew it . . . and now this bitch was going to get what she deserved.



Shana rubbed the soapy suds up and down her arms, then around her breasts, turning frequently under the cascading spray. Her hands continued to glide freely over the front of her belly, then down her legs and back up to her neatly trimmed bush. 



If she had not been so pre-occupied with her shower, Shana might have seen her admirer standing in the bathroon doorway. She applied shampoo and began working the silky lather into her scalp with her fingers. Unwittingly, she turned toward him, and arched her back a little to rinse her hair under the faucet. Her soapy, hard-nippled breasts touched the glass. The intruder held his breath and watched, his one hand toying with the handcuffs in his belt.



When Shana turned her back to him again, he finally made his move. Darting into the bathroom, he tore open the shower door. Shana gasped as her body was seized from behind. A hand cupped her mouth to muffle her screams, but it wasn't necessary. It all seemed to happen in the same instant and Shana was lost in a state of confusion as she was pulled out of the stall and hurtled face down on the bathroom tiles in the grasp of her assailant. 



She uttered a guttural moan and fought to repel the onslaught, but she could tell that this manly power was overmatching her feminine strength. Her arms were wrenched behind her, so violently, if felt like her shoulders were being ripped right out of their sockets. She heard the steel cuffs click around her wrists. Shana was now beginning to grasp the gravity of the situation. She was pinned helplessly between his warm body and the cold bathroom tiles. He leaned into her with all of his weight, crushing her breasts and nearly driving all of the air out of her lungs. She felt course rope being wrapped tightly around her upper arms, then her knees, then her ankles. 



Shana had no idea who her attacker was, as he wore a black ski mask. She wasn't sure if she really wanted to know what he looked like. A length of rope was tied to her wrists, then looped around her ankles and pulled tight, drawing her feet almost up to her hands before it was tied off. 



The hogtie was now complete, rendering her completely helpless, her body, still wet from the shower and lying in a puddle of water. He rolled Shana over on her side, then sat back and watched while she tried to twist her tiny wrists free from the steel cuffs. She groped at the knots behind her ankles, but it was no use. Limbs trembling, Shana finally gave up her struggle, accepting her bondage, and waited quietly for what might happened next. 



No movement was possible, other than some minor shifting here and there. Her body began to respond to the tightness of her bindings, and the anticipation of touches to come. Slickness gathered between the folds of her labia. Her nipples and clit became erect, and a need, all to familiar, fisted deep in her belly.



The masked intruder seemed to sense her growing arousal. Amused, he leaned forward and pulled the gag out of her mouth. Shana panted a little after her mouth was released.



"What do you want from me?" she queried, still panting from her struggles. 



In a low, raspy voice, the masked intruder answered, 



"That's rather obvious, don't you think?"



He pulled the hunter's knife out of his belt, got on his knees behind her, and held the sharp metal blade to her throat.



"Please . . . don't hurt me . . ." she begged.



"You're my slave, aren't you?"



"Please . . ."



"SAY IT."



"I . . . I am your slave."



"That's right. Everything you have belongs to me now, your tits, your pussy, your mouth . . . everything."



Lazily, he traced the shimmering blade around her jutting breasts, down her belly and around her thighs. Shana moaned softly. Her wet flesh pimpled in its wake and her nipples grew hard with arousal. When he inserted the knife blade between her thighs, she began to squirm.



"Don't move," he ordered, then carefully brought the sharp end up against her pink, wet folds. "I wouldn't want to cut you . . . at least not yet."



Shana felt desperately uncomfortable, feeling the steely knifepoint so close to her privates, but at the same time, and for reasens not entirely unknown to her, it really turned her on.



He left the knife sticking out of her thighs, then leaned forward and kissed her right nipple. Shana closed her eyes, she arched her body, practically having a seizure under his touch. His tongue darted in and out as he applied loving torments to both of her breasts. She felt a manicured finger pushing inside her, then another, massaging the sopping walls of her sex. Shana writhed and fought as the waves of pleasure began to wash over her. It felt too good, it had to stop! She tried pulling away, but she was tied up wasn't she? As helpless as she was, Shana had no choice, but to endure whatever was done to her. In a way, the realization felt liberating, allowing every nerve in her body to awaken, and her emotions to run wild without any inhibitions. 



"Uhh-Uhh-Uhh!" Shana's rhythmic moans grew louder, as he worked her pussy harder and harder. Finally, her eyes rolled back in her head, and she came with a shattering, shuddering crash. Her body shook and quaked, and the fingers inside wouldn't leave until they had wrung every last ounce of sanity from her, leaving her panting and sweating on the floor. 



"Now it's MY turn."



He rolled Shana back over onto her belly, and unzipped his pants. Grasping her long, golden hair by one hand, he pulled her head up. What happened to Shana next, could only be described as the violent ravishment of her mouth and throat. The kneeling man had his head back, his eyes closed, as he thrust himself past her open lips. His thrusts were met by the slurping sounds and Shana almost gagging herself on his massive organ. 

 

At last, he arched his back and cried out. He grasped Shana's blonde hair even tighter, and held himself deep in her throat until his balls were emptied. When he was done, she caressed her attacker's softening member with her nimble tonque. He lowered his head and opened his eyes to greet her with a smile. 



After the bindings were removed, he carried Shana into the room and playfully tossed her onto the bed.



"Did you enjoy that one, sweetheart," David stretched out next to her.



"Mmmmmmmmm," she moaned, then giggled, "You make a wonderful rapist. Only next time, don't be so rough with me at first. You nearly broke my tits on that floor!"



"Next time," David mumbled as he kissed them.





(continued)



















--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

WARNING! THIS IS A WORK OF EROTIC BDSM FICTION. IT IS ADULT ORIENTED MATERIAL

OF A SEXUAL AND VIOLENT NATURE. The copyright of this story remains with the author, Night Owl. This posting does not give you the rights to post this on 

any website. You must obtain the author's permission prior to posting.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





Dangerous Games

by Night Owl

Chapter Posted: 07/08

 

(Story Content: M/f, Outdoor Bondage)

 

 

Chapter 2



If you saw Shana Wall walking down the street, you would never dream she was such a sexual deviate. You would never imagine her begging to have her nipples savagely twisted, her pussy flogged repeatedly, or her ass beaten until it turned a bright red. 



At 32, she still had the body of a twenty year old. Her petite 5 ft. 5 in. frame was well-proportioned at a 34 bust, 24 waist, and 33 hips. Her eyes were a deep brown, as was her hair (though she had recently dyed it blonde at David's request). As an actress/model, Shana was still a reletive unknown, even in Los Angeles where she lived and worked, so she could still go out an socialize without being swamped by photographers. She had suitors coming out of the hand-carved woodwork, and she was playing the field like a concert virtuoso, leaving a trail of broken hearts in her wake, until she met David. Then everything changed.



Shana fell for him that first day they shot a commercial together. He was also an actor, about the same age, but everything Shana wasn't - wild, crazy, rebellious, and able to do things that would embarrass a 'lesser man.' It was David who first introduced bondage in their lovemaking. At first their bedroom games were very light and playful, then they grew more intense, more complex. During her daily life, Shana was still aggressive and ambitious in her work, and carefree in her social life, her cooking, and her love for travel. But in the bedroom, she belonged to David, and allowed him to use her in anyway he wished. He always wanted to push the limits as to what she thought she could handle. The games were no longer just confined to the house, they became excursions that were voyuristic, even dangerous at times, and it drew Shana in like a vacuum.



She thought back to the last time, almost two weeks ago, when he took her to a strip bar. They sat there for an hour and watched the dancers perform, then without a word, took her out to a back alley and raped her. 'Rape' seemed like a strong word for what happened, but that's what it was, wasn't it? He pushed her up against the building wall, locking her tiny wrists together above her head with one hand, while ripping off her black dress with the other and breaking both of the spaghetti straps off her shoulders. She had no bra, no panties on underneath (again, at his request), so she was stark naked without the dress, save for her black heels. Shana blushed as she remembered the feel of the gritty cold brick wall behind her, and his fully-clothed body pinned against her in front. She remembered the musky odor of her sex and he entered her; a couple snickering as they passed the alley in the street. How could he possibly force her to do something so humiliating? 



Force her? 



Shana was lying to herself. David had made the slightest suggestion of a request simply by taking her hand and leading her to the back door. He hadn't even asked her out loud, and she jumped at the opportunity. God, what a slut she was! She had two unbelievable climaxes in that filthy alley. In fact, just thinking about it was making her hot.&nbsp; 



Shana had persuaded him to stay at her place that night. God if felt so good to fall asleep in his arms. In the morning, she was awakened by the glorious sensation of his lips kissing her thighs, of his tongue doing the most wonderful things in her vagina. After that orgasm, David entered her and brought her to a second climax just before he ejaculated. After that marvellous session, he had insisted they needed a shower, and they spent that time washing and massaging each other from head to toe. What a morning! She was late for a photoshoot that day, but it had been worth it. She needed him again, and soon, but both of them had busy schedules the following week, making it impossible for them to get together. They finally agreed in two weeks they would met that Friday night right after work. It was a long wait, but David promised her it would be worth it. He had a very special game planned for her.



By Friday morning, Shana was so pent up with anticipation of what might come that she could hardly concentrate on anything else. She couldn't stand the fact that almost two weeks had passed since they were last together. Then just before noon, he called and canceled on her. Some lame excuse about shooting some last minute commercial. He got her to admit that she was free all weekend, and told her he would make it up it up to her on Saturday. She was furious at this late cancellation and let him know it, but after that, what could she do? So Shana agreed.



Later that evening, she thought of his last words on the phone, "I wouldn't do anything tonight. Just get some rest and be up and ready to leave by 8:00 a.m. sharp tommorrow."



"But where are we going? How am I supposed to know what to pack?" she peppered him with questions.



"I'll let you know what to pack and where we're going when I get there."



He was being very mysterious about it, which only heightened her anticipation.



Throwing off her clothes, Shana trotted into the bathroom and turned on the shower, then adjusted the flow to get a good steam going. The warm water felt good on her body, in fact, so good that she decided to dust off the 'vib' later and play her own game before hitting the sheets. She had wanted to be with David so bad that she figured to drain the batteries in the thing before she was finished. If she got up late the next morning, then he could damn well wait!



Her plans were interrupted though when David snuck into her house and attacked her in the shower. Was Shana dissapointed? Hardly!





--------------------





That morning, David still wouldn't tell her where they were going. To make the suspense even worse, when Shana started to pack, he just laughed and dragged her back to the bed and handcuffed her wrists to frame. 



"I'll pack for you," he said.



"I thought you'd want your slave to do her share of the packing?"



"Not this time," he teased. "I'm controlling every little detail of this trip."



Laying there in her bathrobe, Shana wondered just what was she getting herself into? About 10 minutes later he came back into the room with two packbacks.



"We're going camping," he said, unlocking her handcuffs.



Shana's anticipation grew ten-fold. Her heart began to beat like a rabbit against her chest. He could do all sorts of things to her on a camping trip, especially if it was someplace secluded.



"I bought these for you," he tossed a stack of clothes on the bed. "Put them on for me, will you, Hon."



"Whatever you say, Sir," she took the clothes and sauntered into the bathroom.



Brushing her hair, Shana took a moment to check herself in the mirror. She had been hitting the tanning booths lately to get some color back into her fair skin. She even laid out nude a few times in the enclosed patio outside of her condo to burn out her bikini lines a little so they wouldn't show. She gave her arms and legs a quick shave to smooth them out, then trimmed the hair around her pussy, leaving just a whisp of coverage.



Shana sorted through the clothes, and laughed to herself when she saw them. There was very little to wear - no panties, no bra; just a pair of very short, very loose jogging shorts and a spaghetti strap tank top cropped high under her breasts. She put them on, then tied her hair back into a pony tail, while admiring her new look in the mirror. The white see-through halter top did everything to emphasize her breasts, and one could clearly see the dark shadow of her nipples as they jutted through the tight fabric.



She laced up her hiking boots and emerged from the bathroom, turning around slowly so David could appraise her from every angle.



"So . . . what do you think?"



"Very nice, my pet," he said, grinning like the Cheshire Cat. 



He took her in his arms and gave her long kiss, then thrust the tiny pack in her arms.



"This one's yours," he said. "Let's go."





--------------------





They set out into a gorgeous morning, driving for hours in David's Jeep Cherokee, the music blaring, windows down, the light and warmth of the early summer washing over their bodies.

 

"The trees are beautiful," he quipped. "They only need a pretty girl and some rope to make them perfect."



"Maybe you'll find one," Shana shot back with a smile.



About two hours had passed since leaving the city before David, unexpectedly and without warning, pulled into a gas station.



"Would you mind going in and getting a six-pack of Avian for us?" he asked, while keeping the engine running.



Shana looked at him suspiciously, "You didn't pack any water?"



"We've got a two gallon jug in my pack, but that's for after we break camp. I forgot we'll need some for the hike up. Sorry, Hon." 



Shana glanced down at herself, then over at the station through her open window. There were two men standing and talking next to a large semi truck. Another man was at the pumps, filling up his pick-up.



"You want me to go in there dressed like this?"



"Hey, I'm doing all the driving," he gave her a twenty dollar bill. "If anyone gets fresh, I'll punch him out for you, OK? Now scoot, we're losing daylight."



"You scamp!" Shana scolded him as she opened the door and slowly got out. 



Taking a breath, she headed toward the mini mart located inside the station. The man pumping gas immediately took notice, then the two truckers broke off their conversation to watch her as she approached. Her walk was a long one. David made sure of that by parking clear over to the other side of the lot. Her shorts rode so high and loose, leaving the unmerciful sight of her long legs and a even bit of 'cheek' to the men watching. It would have been indecent to wear such a thing in pubic, not to mention her halter top, and the dark tint of her nipples pointing softly through it from underneath.



Shana had modeled in skimpy bikinis and lingere, but she never felt so exposed as this. Her heart began to beat faster as she approached. David had the engine running when she left. What if he drove off and left her? Was this the game he was taking about - to leave her stranded at a crowded gas station dressed in this slutty outfit?



The two truckers stared openly as she passed with little regard to what her reaction might be, and just before entering the station, she heard one them mention something about "her ass." 



The store clerk was no better at keeping his eyes off her and fumbled with his register while she paid for the Avian. Stepping outside again, Shana was more than relieved that David hadn't driven off without her, though the walk back to the Jeep seemed just as long. The man with the pick-up had left, but the truck drivers were still there, watching. She could almost feel their greedy eyes all over her body, almost boring into her as walked across the dusty parking lot.



Why don't you take a fucking picture! She almost wanted to yell back at them, but she didn't. The fact was, Shana was beginning to enyoy it. 



"Enjoy the trip?" David joked as she opened the door.



"Like I said," she tossed a bottle in his lap, "you're a scamp!"



They didn't arrive at their destination until a little bit after lunch. Being a city girl, Shana had no idea where they were. The signs proclaimed it to be a National Wilderness Area, and the wooded hills rolled off towards the horizon, but she didn't see any mountains around. She was intensely curious as to what David had planned, but knew that asking him for even a hint would be pointless.



Locking up the Cherokee, there wasn't much preparation to do. Shana stretched her limbs for a minute, then pulled the backpack out and hefted it onto her shoulders. 



"Nice ass," he commented with a wolfish grin. 



"Those two truckers thought so."



They both laughed. It felt good to be out in the clean air and warm sunshine. And to finally be alone.



"Why don't you take the lead," his eyes were still raking over her. "I like admiring the fauna as well as the flora around here."



"Yes, Sir. Which way?"



"Over there." 



The trail David pointed to looked like it hadn't been used much. They walked single file up a gentle slope, sharing the scent of fresh pine, flowers and moist soil. They had talked themselves out during the drive up, so the banter was light, sporadic. Along the way, they only encountered one other couple passing them from the other direction. It felt as if Shana and David had the whole planet to themselves!



The trail dipped down into a creek they had to forage across, but after that, it was uphill all the way. She didn't have a watch, but from the shift of the sun she estimated they had been hiking steadily for about two hours before David found the side trail he was looking for. To Shana's eye it looked more like an animal track than a hiking trail. Being a wilderness area the "main" trail had been pretty rough in places, but at least there were occasional telltales of human passage.



After their turn-off, the climb grew steeper, and the foliage began to thin out, taking much of the shade with it. It seemed to Shana, that they were actually ascending the base of a large rocky hill. She adjusted the straps on her pack and that seemed to help a little. David had stuffed it full and it was getting quite heavy. She still didn't know what was inside. She half-expected to find a rock in there when she unpacked it, but she didn't complain. She was really enjoying trip so far, and excited to find out what David had planned up here in the middle of nowhere. Throughout the hike, she remained in front. Shana liked the idea that she was being watched as they made their way up the rocky trail. There was certainly plenty of her to look at considering what little she had on, and she had a pretty good idea that even this small luxury would be denied her once they reached their destination.&nbsp; 



It didn't take long before the trail had vectored them off around a modest hill, providing a change of scenery. They came upon a good sized rock to their right, bright red and weathered, like the rocks in Utah and looking a bit out of place. David called a halt, and they snacked, resting a few moments. For some reason he stared at Shana the whole time, a smile playing on his lips. The attention was not unwelcome, but she wasn't at all sure what he was thinking. 



Then the break was over. David said softly, "Time to go, put your pack on", yet he didn't reach for his. When Shana had the straps fastened, he stepped up behind her and took hold of her wrists, whispering, 



"Close your eyes and don't move." 



Startled, she did exactly as directed, intensely curious as to what manner of inspiration the rock had given him. She heard him unzipping part of her pack, followed shortly by his taking, first one of her wrists and then the other, then wrapping leather cuffs around them. The sound of small padlocks clicking shut told her that she wasn't going to be able to just unbuckle them if she got tired of wearing them. David gently pulled her elblows together and fastened another pair of cuffs to them. Another clicking sound, and her arms were firmly fastened together against her pack. The position was a bit awkward, but not uncomfortable, and Shana suspected that she would probably be like this for a while, so she gave thanks for small favors. But David wasn't finished yet. She felt a leather collar, her collar, snap around her neck. She could feel a chain leash dangling down between her legs from behind. 



"Now you really ARE my slave, pet," he teased.



What??? Shana's eyes suddenly snapped open. They hadn't seen anyone on the trail for, at least, two hours, but being bound up like this, and collared like an animal was making her very nervous. It wasn't like the game they played in the alley behind the strip club, which had happened so fast it made her head spin. This time, Shana had time to think about what they were doing. Being forced to wear these minuscule shorts&nbsp; and slutty top was bad enough. Now this! What if someone happened by? How embarrasing that would be! 



"David . . . I don't think . . ."



But the gentle caress of his hands on her breasts from behind suddenly calmed her. Shana closed her eyes again and moaned while he explored her bound body with impunity, his hands reaching up underneath her halter top to touch her more intimately. Turning her around, he pulled her close to him. Shana could feel his cock against her, now enlarged to show its appreciation. 



Whispering in her ear, he said, "This trip is about trust. I promise you I'll take care of you, and make sure that nothing bad happens to you; that I'll protect you if the unexpected should strike. Trust. Do you trust me?" 



Aroused even more by David's words than by his touch, Shana whispered back, "Yes Sir, I do . . . but why are we whispering?" 



Both of them chuckled at that. Mirth warming his voice, he breathed an answer as they kissed again, 



"Because seductions are sexier when whispered." 



He sent his hands sliding slowly down her body. Shana nearly swooned. They felt so good on her. They kissed for awhile before he pushed her away.



"Now onward, slave," he said grabbing the leash.



"Yes Master."



They had been slowly gaining altitude, and the surroundings were turning rockier, more rugged. The sun was directly overhead, and with no shade, her back, legs and underarms were really beginning to sweat. It was awkward at first, walking through rough terrain bound as she was, but she soon grew accustomed to it by keeping a slower pace. Thankfully, David was patient with her progress. Who needed hands while hiking, anyway? 



Other little animal trails, like the one they hiked on occasionally crossed or branched out. At each intersection, David didn't even hesitate, or check a map. It was both reassuring and a bit scary, realizing that he knew exactly where they were going. This wasn't a hike of discovery and exploration, this was a hike with a destination. Shana wondered what it was. 



The summit of their climb seemed near, as the trail zigzagged in a series of switchbacks. By the time they reached the top, they were both breathing hard, but the incredible view more than compensated them for their labors. There were large boulders everywhere, mixed with pine and other foliage. Off in the distance, Shana could see the other side of the mountain drop off into a steep canyon.



The trail took them close to a large rock, and they skirted around to the far side where the foliage grew thick, creating a narrow passage. Shana was still leading the way, and with her arms still locked behind her back, she couldn't use her hands to move the many small branches and bits of dry underbrush out of her way. In just a short while Shana had collected an impressive set of small scratches on her poor legs. David, of course, made no move to help her along, his remarks limited to navigational instructions. The scamp!



When a small clearing opened up, he finally called a halt and set his pack on the ground. 



"We camp here."



"Well it's about time," Shana breathed a sigh of relief.



The area was peppered with large boulders, bushes and pine. Just ahead, the plateau they were on made the sharp descent into the canyon. Humans had camped here before, although not many. There was a rude ring of stones surrounding a darkened piece of earth and the base of a large rock, but it looked like a fire hadn't burned there for some time. 



Sounding both confident and eager, David directed her to a small dead tree stump near the fire ring.



"Sit here and get some rest while I break camp."



So Shana sat there, kneeling sideways and leaning against the stump, her arms still bound while David put the tent up. Like the rest of her body, her legs were covered with a sheen of sweat, and the fine powder-like dirt stuck to her calves and thighs from where she sat. She gazed at the scratches and sighed. Shana was always very particular about her appearance and dress. 



Now look at me, she thought.



David got the tent up quickly then threw the sleeping bags inside.



"There," he said, "all the comforts of home." 



Helping Shana up to her feet again, he directed her to a huge near-cylinder of rock that had been thrust up nearly six feet from the earth. She had noticed it when they first arrived, but only after they got closer did the Freudian symbolism of it strike her, and she burst out laughing.



David's laughter joined hers as he remarked dryly, "It's not quite as hard as mine is right now, but it does set the mood."



He unlocked her wrists and let her remove the pack. Finally, here hands were freed! Shana hadn't realized what a luxury it was just to able to reach up and scrach her nose. She was allowed a few minutes to stretch her arms and get the kinks out of her shoulders.



"Sit," he then ordered, "with your back agaist the rock. 



As she did so, David fished out a piece of rope and a red bandana from the pack.



It didn't take much of an imagination to figure out what he was up to. They had played the helpless damsal game before, and everytime she felt a little reluctant to go along because she never knew what to expect. This time, they were out in the wilderness, just the two of them. In just a few moments, she would be completely helpless, completely at his mercy. If Shana didn't trust David so much, then this would have been a good time to be scared out of her wits. As it was, the butterflies were swarming in her stomach.



He pulled her arms back and tied her wrists together, locking them around the rock. He then rolled up the bandana and used that as a gag for her mouth. More ropes were pulled out. He wrapped on long piece around her torso, with the bands stretching tightly both above and below her breasts. Shana moaned with pleasure as he did this. The ropes felt good there, but she wished she didn't have her top on. She had been trussed up with rope before, usually naked, and loved the feel, the abrasiveness of course rope fibers rubbing against her flesh. 



"Comfortable?"



"Mmmmmmph," she nodded her head 'yes.' Shana actually was comfortable with the rock to lean against, even with her upper body completely immobilized. Her legs were still free though, but that was about to change. With two more short pieces of rope, David tied knots around each ankle. Then he took the hammer he used on the tent stakes and pounded two more roughly three feet in front of her and five feet apart. Her ankles were then tied to the stakes, opening her legs and stretching them into a wide V. 



"That should keep you from wandering off," he patted her on the thigh, "I have some things to attend to, so I'll be away for awhile, in fact I don't know WHEN I'll be back, but you'll be safe here in the shade." 



"Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmph!" She moaned.



"Now remember what I told you about trust?" he said, "I care for you much too much to lose you, even if you chicken out and try to run away, I won't permit it. You and I have invested far too much time in this to back out now."



With that, David picked up her pack and hiked off toward the canyon. She sat and watched him disappear into the brush, wondering what manner of nefarious things he was off to do. Looking around the empty camp, then down at herself, she felt truly helpless and vulnerable. Never before, had David left her alone like this - at least not outside of the bedroom. What if a another hiker happened by while he was gone? Even worse, what if he DIDN'T come back? Of course he would never do that intentionally, but there was always the unexpected, like if he were to fall and injure himself, for instance. Leaning her head back against the rock, Shana closed her eyes.



"Trust," she murmered to herself and sighed.





(continued)

















--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

WARNING! THIS IS A WORK OF EROTIC BDSM FICTION. IT IS ADULT ORIENTED MATERIAL

OF A SEXUAL AND VIOLENT NATURE. The copyright of this story remains with the author, Night Owl. This posting does not give you the rights to post this on 

any website. You must obtain the author's permission prior to posting.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





Dangerous Games

by Night Owl

Chapter Posted: 08/08

 

(Story Content: M/f, Outdoor Bondage)

 

 

Chapter 3



By the early afternoon, the temperature was a sweltering 95 degrees. The sun, like a gigantic yellowish orb, flashed its light upon the campsite. Though Shana was in the shade with a tall pillar of rock towering over her, she still couldn't escape the heat. Sweat beaded on her forehead and got into her eyes. She wished she could wipe off her brow, but the ropes held firm in keeping her arms pressed firmly around the rock behind her. More ropes tied around her jutting breasts pulled her hard against the uneven surface. How long had David been gone? A half-hour? Forty-five minutes? It seemed much longer.



(What the hell is he up to?) She thought.



Then, from somewhere in the distance, she heard a hammer striking something metallic. The large boulders all around her reflected and distorted the sound, making it impossible to localize. It seemed to be coming from all around. Certain that it had to be David, she gave a soft snort of laughter through her gag. 



(Well, now I know.)



She shifted her body a little against the rock. The stakes kept her long, slender legs stretched wide in a V, and the skimpy shorts David made her wear left wide gaping holes around her thighs that wouldn't have been so revealing if she had thought to put some panties on underneath.



The hammering continued for another ten minutes then stopped and everything was quiet.&nbsp; 



(Okay this is peaceful. Peaceful as a cemetery!)



The sun passed slowly overhead, but the day only seemed to get hotter. Her legs were really sweating now, and she could feel it trickling down from under her arms and between her breasts, leaving those oh-so-attractive wet patches on her tank top. She became painfully aware of how rough and uneven the rock felt against her back. She also began to notice other details about her situation. The wild grass, for instance, rose up from the dry ground like bamboo shoots and tickled her behind the knees. There were also plenty of black ants around the campsite. They seemed to thrive in the heat, foraging tirelessly on the ground, and on her, so she had to keep shifting her body as much as she could just to keep the little buggers from crawling into her shorts.



Though Shana didn't feel particularly turned on by the whole scene, something nonetheless, caused her body to react that way. Her nipples were getting painfully hard underneath her top, and the glistening love nectar between her legs meant her desire was certainly real enough.



It wasn't long after the hammering stopped, when David came striding back into camp, without her pack. In one hand he was carrying a piece of cloth and some rope. Shana breathed a sigh of relief.



"Enjoying your time out here in the great outdoors," he brushed an ant off her leg and laughed, "or is it enjoying you?"



"Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmph!" 



He removed the gag to give her some water, which she gulped down vigorously.



"Sorry, about this, but I didn't expect to be gone so long."



"What were you doing out there?" 



"You'll find out soon enough."



He untied Shana from the rock and allowed her to sit in the shade and rest while he gathered wood. 



The sun was getting lower in the sky, it's rays turning golden, and the temperature finally dropped to a comfortable 78 degrees. After the fire was made, David picked up the cloth and rope he was carrying earlier and tossed them on the ground next to her.



"Take your clothes off and put these on."



What now? Shana asked herself as she scooped up the garment. It was merely a piece of brown rep cloth, cut in the shape of a narrow rectangle with a large hole in the middle. 



"I'm supposed to wear this?" She looked at him suspiciously. 



"Of course," he said. "You're my slave now, and this is what slave girls wear. Put it on."



The butterflies were giving her stomach another major workout. Shana wasn't sure if it was fear or anticipation that caused this - maybe a little of both. Setting the cloth down, she pulled the halter top over her head, releasing her breasts. She did it slowly, so David would get an eyeful. She liked teasing him while undressing. It was the only time she felt in control of the situation. Tossing him the top, she then pulled her shorts down and stepped out of them. She was now naked as a jaybird, save for her hiking boots.



Holding the shorts and top triumphantly in his hand, David gave her a wolfish smile and said, "I like you better naked, especially out here. It'll be a shame to see you covered up again."&nbsp; 



"Oh I'm sure there will be plenty of opportunities to see me like this later," she teased, grabbing the rep cloth.



Her new garment slipped over her head like a poncho with the rope tied off as a belt to bring it together around her waist. The large hole in the middle dipped very low between her breasts and the sides were left open to expose her flanks. According to David, 'slaves' were usually forced to go barefoot, but since there were so many prickly cactus around, Shana was allowed to keep her boots on; thankfully!&nbsp; 



"Very nice," he nodded his head in approval, "and now for the final touch."



David produced a shiny steel collar with a ring behind for a leash, and snapped it around her neck.



"There. Now go make us dinner. Everything you need is in the tent."



While David watched, Shana prepared the food. She was constantly aware of the rough tunic opening and shifting around her body as she moved. The sun had almost gone completely down and the fire felt good against those exposed parts as the temperature fell. She settled down next to David, after he accepted the food she gave him, and they both started munching. 



After a few mouthfuls, he grinned at her and said, "You know, it's really gratifying to have a pretty slave girl tending my home fire for me," he winked, then added, "and you look especially sexy with the firelight showing off your body like that." Shana blushed and said nothing, feeling happy that her 'new master' was pleased. She was really getting into the scenario. After they finished eating, she washed out the plates and left them hanging nearby to dry.



"I know it's getting dark now," David announced, "we probably have less than 30 minutes of light left, so we have to hurry. There is something I want to show you. Grab the flashlight, and follow me." 



He doused the fire while Shana popped into their tent and snagged the light. When she emerged, he was holding a leash.



"You're going to lead the way with the light," he said, "and I'll direct you as we go."



After clipping the leash to the back of her collar, David gave her right tush a playful slap, and they were off. 



They hiked through more thick brush to the top of a ravine, then across the rim overlooking their camp to the left side, and the canyon to the right. Shana caught sight of her pack perched on a rock ahead, soon they were both standing

next to it, looking down into the canyon. 

 

"C'mere," he said. 



As he was unlocking the leash, Shana caught sight of a sturdy rope tied around a tree that went over the edge. 



"That's right, my pet," David said, noticing her gaze. "What I want to show you is about 25 feet down the face. There are lots of good hand-holds, easy repelling, and a wide ledge at the bottom. I'll go first, then I'll light your way when you follow me down. OK?" 



Shana stared nervously at the rope. Twice, she had gone with him to a rock climbing gym and tried repelling, but this was the real thing, and there was no harness to wear either. 



"Um . . . well, if you're sure I can do this in the dark, OK." 



"Don't worry, sweetheart. Here, put these on." He gave her a pair of gloves, then climbed down first.



Shana couldn't fathom what he had found, but if he said it was an easy climb down, then she was willing to chance it, even without a harness. She put the gloves on and waited until he reached the bottom. 



"All right, go ahead," he called up.



The rope was knotted every twelve inches so her hands wouldn't slip. Placing her boots firmly against the rock, she slowly lowered herself down. Even without the flashlight, it seemed easy, and not as steep as she thought. Only one spot had a slight drop off, and David coached her through that part. She felt really turned on too, dangling off the cliff, nearly naked with her loose tunic flapping in the breeze. As David shined the light up from below, she wondered if that was really for her benefit, or for his. 



After reaching the bottom, she brushed herself off and looked around. The ledge was about four feet wide; from the edge it was about a fifty foot straight drop all the way down to a rocky slope below. Shana wasn't afraid of heights, but she was increasingly baffled about what they were doing there. 



"You won't be needing the gloves anymore," David told her, so she slipped them off.



He took Shana by the hand and led her a few dozen feet along the ledge, then clicked on the flashlight and illuminated the face of the rock. Shana gasped, then burst out laughing.



"For me?" were the only words she could manage to get out, she was laughing so hard.



Finally she understood what all the noise she heard before was about. Into the smooth face of the cliff David had driven four heavy-duty pitons deep into the stone, widely spaced, two high, and two just above the ledge. Each of them had a short length of sturdy chain hanging from them and steel cuffs on the end.



He pulled her wrists behind her back and pinned her elbow together with one arm. "Yes, pet, for you. Especially for you, and only for you." 



Keeping her arms together, he untied the rope from her waist with the other hand, and tossed it over the edge. He reached into the tunic and squeezed her breasts gently, possessively. Shana closed her eyes and nearly swooned.



"I've dreamed all my life of having a partner who I could share this fantasy with, I'm glad I finally found you. Now I don't plan to wait another minute."



He let go of her arms, but only so he could pull the tunic off over her head. Holding the crude garment over the edge, he let it drop.



"So what am I supposed to wear back to camp?"



"Who says you're going back to camp?" He gently pushed her against the rock and held her there. Shana could feel the cold, gritty surface crushing against her naked breasts. To each side of her, the shackles hung, open and waiting.



"Now turn around to face me," he ordered, "legs together, arms up." 



Still stunned at the revelation of what was about to happen to her, Shana moved into the position he wanted and slowly reached up to grab both of the chains.



David closed the shackles around her wrists, then with two hollow clicks, locked each one with a small padlock. Shana's arms were now raised high and splayed out above her head, making her look a little like Fay Wray, chained up and waiting for the great ape, King Kong to come crashing through the jungle. Only Fay wasn't as naked as she was! Before continuing on, David took hold of her shackled wrists, and ran his hands down her arms, then around her breasts. He savored the moment, taking his time to connect with her. Shana closed her eyes again and moaned.



"OK, spread 'em," he said with a tender smile on his face.



Shana didn't have to be told. Stretching her body a little, she opened her legs wide and positioned her feet next to the chains. David knelt down, tugged her right ankle a little further, then closed and locked the shackles. Her foot didn't touch the ledge now, and she had to shift her weight on her left a little foot just to support herself. 



David grabbed that foot, tugged on it, and snapped that lock closed too. She was hanging from her wrists against the rock now, spread-eagled. Immediately, she twisted and squirmed, exploring the limits of her bonds, and found that she could support most of her weight by using the front part of her feet. Shana was grateful for the boots. It was an awkward stretch for her legs, but it wasn't uncomfortable. Yet.



"My, oh my! If only you could see how beautiful you look, chained to the face of the mountain like that," his voice filled with a dreamy rapture. "This is even better than I ever imagined!"



Shana smiled back. His praise made her feel good, and any apprehensions she had, slowly melted away. 



"I want to help make all your fantasies come true, Sir," she said. Then after a long pause, "I suppose it goes without saying, but I'll say it anyway. I'm completely helpless and at your mercy. You can do anything with me that your twisted and kinky heart desires. I can't stop you, and there's no one I can call out to for help." 



Indeed, she looked so exquisite, there wasn't a man (or woman, in fact) that wouldn't have stared at her in admiration. Her breasts rose like soft, gentle swells from her protruding ribs; her dark pink nipples, pointed outward unabashedly in the cool, night air. The small tuft of hair between her outstretched legs looked particularly inviting. 



"And it's damned exciting being chained up like this," she continued to tease him. "Like a scene right out of Greek mythology."



David grinned, "You should be careful what you wish for. Remember, in those myths there was usually some flesh-eating creature lurking nearby, and not all the beautiful captives were rescued by the hero." 



He pressed his hard chest up against her, pressing her back against the rock. Whispering in her ear he added, 



"I'm glad you find this enjoyable too, my pet, but what comes next will be for my benefit, not yours." 



He nuzzled against her, kissing her cheek, her throat, behind her ear, until she started groaning and squirming with lust. The whispering resumed, 



"You see, I'm the creature that's been terrorizing the towns people around here, and you're a young virgin, the sacrificial offering by which they hope to placate me," he chuckled. "Eventually, you will be eaten, of course, but not after I've toyed with you for awhile, watch you squirm as I tease you -- like cat playing with a wounded mouse before he devours it."



Her kissed her down the neck, and elicited soft moans of approval, when his lips brushed against her right nipple with the lightest of touches. Shana thought she would go mad, not being able to move, and wished he would take her right then. But at the same time, she didn't want the feeling to end either. He pressed up to her again. She could feel his erection through his shorts pressing hotly against her right thigh. His lips explored her further, and Shana squirmed in helpless arousal, the chains rattling against the stone. 



David had her exposed and helpless on many other occasions, and in so many different ways, but there was something magical about this moment; the warm rock, the cool open air against her nude body, the heavy chains, the early night sky filling up with millions of twinkling stars overhead. There was an energy flowing between them more potent than anything she had ever felt with him before. His touches left behind little trails of electricity that touched off every single nerve in her flesh. He trailed more wet kisses over to the other nipple, flicking it with the tip of his tongue, moving with her as she squirmed as best as she could, pinned between his warm lean body and the gritty rock. David knew her so well. Into her ear he whispered fiercely, his breath hot, 



"Of course, the analogy is apt. In many ways you are still virginal. I want something from you, girl. I want it, and I will take it. You have no choice but to accept your fate. All you may influence now, is the manner of my obtaining it." 



He reached into his pack for a bottle, unscrewed the top and poured something into his hand, then her started massaging her breasts. The oil felt warm and silky against her cold skin. 



"Your tits feel so good in my hands. So helpless and vulnerable."



Reaching for more oil, his hands resumed their careful caressing of her body, up and down her arms, across her belly and back to her breasts, wringing a series of low, lusty moans from her. The energy flowing between them intensified. His slippery wet fingers slipped between her legs, and she groaned loudly at the rush of pleasant sensations. It was disconcerting to hear it echoed back a moment later, bouncing off the facing cliff, but she could no longer control herself. Ordinarily her mind would be racing, evaluating possibilities, weighing risks. It refused to work properly; somehow he had mesmerized her with this magic moment. She was entirely focused on the here and now. David had chained her to the side of a mountain, stripped her of her clothing, yet she trusted him like she trusted no other. Shana didn't know what he was going to take from her,&nbsp; but she wanted him to have it. 



"I'm all yours, Sir", she whispered anxiously. "Take whatever you wish from me." 



David chuckled, but said nothing. Pulling away from her, the air felt suddenly colder where the warmth of his body had been, and Shana whimpered softly. She watched him retreat back as they walked over to the rope, then picked his way carefully up the dark red rock. She wanted to call out to him, to beg him to stay, but Shana had learned something of his preferences, so her intuition said it would be best to remain quiet, and wait. He would return soon, after leaving her alone for awhile to suffer through her helplessness. 



When David vanished over the rim, she watched hopelessly as he pulled the rope up behind him. That completely unnecessary act slammed home just how thoroughly imprisoned she was here. She surveyed her bondage again. Even the chains were thick and tough. She snickered with amusement as she realized that the weakest link was her own body. 



This bondage was not just a trick that David pulled on her. Everything was as sturdy as it looked and felt. Without assistance, without someone to set her free, she would be there for the rest of her life. A very sobering thought. Shana stared up into the dark sky, still very much in the grip of the moment, still feeling strange energies crackling within her. Wishing that David would come back. She stared at the stars, wondering how many beings on how many planets were bound as helplessly as she was just then, how many lives depended on the whim of some friend, some lover, some owner. She could still feel a pulling, an aching emptiness between her legs. When David finally returned (if he returned) Shana would be pleading for him to take her right there on the ledge. He knew that.



The night was so calm. The sounds of crickets and other insects filled the air with their songs. A coyote howled in the distance. The moon in its full brightness lit up only part of the canyon wall on the other side. Directly below Shana on her side, was only blackness that seemed to go on forever, like a dark chasm opening up to swallow her if she should fall into it.



In the moonlight, her tanned body, still glistening from the oil, almost matched the color of the desert rock. In fact, a passerby might have mistaken her at first glance, to be the sculpture of a beautiful, nude woman reclined against the cold, rough surface, her form carefully and painstakingly chiseled away and buffed to perfection. Shana smiled at this. After all, bondage was much like art - the way it bends and molds the human body in ways that makes the onlooker draw a breath and stare with intrigue. Resting her head back against the rock, she closed her eyes and pictured herself in a museum with a long line of onlookers studying her, appraising her form. Her imagination worked every angle of that fantasy, and she wished David was there so she could share it with him.



Opening her eyes, Shana gazed around again at her surroundings. As she did so, her thoughts took a darker turn. Everything looked so primitive. As the moon ducked behind a small cloud, shadows clawed up the narrow, black canyon, as if reaching to snatch her helpless form. Shana whimpered softly.



She thought about what David had said, about her being the young virgin, left as a sacrifice. Mmmmmm, yes, that was a good one. She smiled to herself. She imagined the creature lurking somewhere below, emerging from the blackness to greet the beautiful damsel, left alone and helpless as a gift, her naked flesh to be devoured, or even worse, violated in ways that she could have never imagined. Shana let out a soft whimper between her lips. The narrow wisp of hair between her legs bristled at the thought, and that familiar need knotted and twisted deep in her belly. She tugged her wrists against the ropes to feel their strength, then moved her legs, shifting her tush against the course rock. Her bindings felt so wonderful, unyielding. Another cool breeze caressed her - it was the creature breathing against her as it approached. Shana closed her eyes and saw its dark shape emerging from the canyon below, its eyes glowing, it grinning mouth filled with razor-sharp teeth. Her pussy was really throbbing now.



"Where the hell are you?" She cried out loud.





--------------------





Shana heaved a sigh of relief when the rope finally came slithering down the cliff again, then laughed out loud when she realized David had left his clothes up above too! He was stark naked, save for his boots! Holding onto the rope with one hand and his with his feet planted firmly on the rock. 



"My damsel on the rock awaits!"



Shana rolled her eyes and laughed again. It was corny, but cute. 



She watched David as he made his way down the rope. It was quite a sight, watching the outlines of his lean form moving against the rock. The moonlight cast a warm glow on his body, and she could see his male parts dangling freely between his legs. She held her breath when his boot slipped, then corrected his footing and continued down.



"My Tarzan cometh," she joked to herself. Or would he be the creature he told her about, coming to claim the sacrifice? 



He stumbled briefly again, only this time a piece of loose rock gave away. 



"Be careful, David," she yelled out to him.



Shana thought she heard David say something as he struggled to regain his footing, then suddenly he was gone. Her heart jumped.



"Sir!" 



Shana tried to lean forward to get a better look, but the chains held her back.



"Sir?" she called out again, hoping that he was only playing a joke. There was no answer.



"Oh God . . . DAVID!"





(continued)















--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

WARNING! THIS IS A WORK OF EROTIC BDSM FICTION. IT IS ADULT ORIENTED MATERIAL

OF A SEXUAL AND VIOLENT NATURE. The copyright of this story remains with the author, Night Owl. This posting does not give you the rights to post this on 

any website. You must obtain the author's permission prior to posting.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





Dangerous Games

by Night Owl

Chapter Posted: 08/08

 

(Story Content: M/f, Outdoor Bondage)

 

 

Chapter 4





"David!" 



She kept calling again and again until her voice was hoarse. If this was a joke, it was a very cruel one. Deep down though, Shana knew it wasn't. She saw what happened with her own eyes. David had stumbled somehow while climbing down the rock and lost hold of his rope. 



She began to squirm again, only this time, it was for real. The chains tinkled with laughter as she tried to pull the pitons out of the rock. She then began twisting her hands in the shackles with the hope of slipping them out, but it was no use, the steel was clapped on too tight, even for her tiny wrists.



This had to be a joke, she thought. It was just a stunt to make her believe he had fallen. David was always into scenarios during their bondage games, and they usually involved him scaring the shit out of her. Right now, he was probably hiding behind a rock somewhere, still naked with a hard-on and a stupid grin on his face, watching. 



"DAVID!" Shana called again. "Stop fucking around get over here, Damn it!" 



No answer.



Minutes slipped by, and so did the wispy notion that she was merely the victim of her boyfriend's sick humor. Dreadful pictures began to slip into her imagination - of David lying on jagged rocks in the canyon below, unconscious, or too hurt to call out. Or worse, he could be dead. If that was true, then she was going to be spending the night here, and the next day, and the next, and so on. Maybe forever. 



"DAVID!"



Shana listened again for any sign of him - a cry for help, a moan, laughter, anything.



"David?"



Still nothing.



How could she have gotten herself into this? Shana thought a moment about the terrible consequences facing her, then almost cried out with frustration. In six hours or so the sun would be up. Judging by the path of the moon above, she figured to be facing the east. Come morning, the sun's rays would be boring down on her, burning her naked, spread-eagled body to a crisp. If starvation didn't kill her, the exposure would, and it would be a long, slow ordeal. 



Suddenly, and not surprisingly, she panicked, and the full-fledged, mindless terror of what she was facing fell on her. For 30 seconds or so, she was totally in its grip. A thin rod of rational consciousness remained deep inside her, but it was helpless, like a dismayed specter watching the woman twist and wreath helplessly, hearing her hoarse, frightened screams.



Finally, a deep glassy pain at the base of her neck, just above the place where her left shoulder started, put a stop to her panic-attack. It was a muscle cramp, a bad one. Moaning, she rested her head on the rock and tried to relax until it passed. Her calf muscles sent a faint twang of tiredness. They were strong for a woman, but she had been standing on the tips of her toes for what seemed like hours, though more likely only 20 minutes or so. 



The cold night air was also giving her problems, and with no way of cover herself up, all she could do to keep warm was press herself hard against the rock to try and retain its dwindling warmth. Fortunately, this was a desert climate and she didn't expect the temperature to drop much further, so in spite of how chilled it was, at least there was no danger of hypothermia. She even welcomed the coolness, knowing she had about six hours or so to get out of this before sun-up.&nbsp; 



She pulled on the steel shackles again, not out of panic this time, but to test them for any weaknesses. There was no way of breaking the chains, but with a little patience, Shana thought she might be able to loosen the pitons from the rock. Moving her right arm back and forth, she began yanking the chain against the piton, hoping that might loosen it. 



"Damn It! Why did he have to pound them in so deep."



She kept at it though, jerking the chain one way against the piton then the other, until her arm ached so much she could barely move it. She decided to rest that one and work with the other arm in the same way. She didn't get very far though, before her thighs and calves began to shake from fatigue after being on her toes for so long. With a whimper, Shana relaxed her legs and shifted all her weight on her arms, which were already aching terribly. Looking down at herself, she could see her breasts, cool and pimpled, her nipples pointing outward unabashedly in the night air. Suddenly, something fluttered over her head down into the canyon below. A bat, most-likely.



She gazed down into the dark chasm where the moonlight couldn't reach. It seemed like Shana was teetering on the edge of a black void, her bare flesh opened up in all its intimate glory to the nothingness below. In spite of the horrible fate she was now facing, the thought of being some kind of sacrifice still excited her. Shana tilted her head back against the rock and chose to look at the dark sky instead. The stars seemed even more clear and beautiful than before, like a piece of blue velvet, dusted with diamonds. Looking up, there seemed to be life. The moon had become her friend, doing its best to offer warmth by bathing her in its light. Shana suddenly felt very lonely, knowing that it could only stay and keep her company for a few more hours, and then her enemy, the sun would rise up and ravage her with its scalding rays. She thought of David. She knew he was dead now, but she couldn't bring herself to even shed a tear for him yet.&nbsp;&nbsp; 



After about 15 minutes of rest, Shana felt enough strength return in her legs to raise herself back up on her toes. She then began working on the pitons again. At least an hour had passed before she felt the piton on her right wrist begin to loosen a bit, but again she was too tired to do anymore. Shana's slender, petite figure was just not built to withstand such a workout. Moaning, she let her body slump, for what she thought would be the last time. Not long after, an uneasy sleep claimed her.





-------------





When Shana finally awoke, it was with a start. The muzzy feeling in her head disappeared almost immediately with first pull of the chains, and her heart clicked into higher gear. Panic sure beat the hell out of smelling salts! She looked up into the dark sky to try and figure out how much time had passed. The stars were almost gone, and the moon out of sight behind her. It seemed much colder too.



"God, why did I let myself fall asleep!"



Slowly she lifted herself up against the rock. Sharp, needles of pain shot into her biceps and triceps like a pin cushion. The needles faded away to nothing at her elbows, and Shana realized with soupy, just waking dismay, that her forearms were mostly without feeling, and her hands might as well have been gloves stuffed with mashed potatoes. This was going to hurt!



She rolled her hands open and closed several times, wincing as she did so. She could hear the faint rattle of the chains, and took a moment to wonder if she and David had been crazy to do this in the first place. It certainly seemed so now, although she had no doubt that thousands of couples all over the world played dangerous games like this every day. She had read that there were even sexually free spirits who hanged themselves in their closets, and then masturbated as the blood supply to their heads slowly decreased to nothing. Such news only served to increase her belief that men were not so much gifted with penises, but cursed by them. Of course, she was just as much to blame for her current predicament as David was.



Once the feeling in her hands came back, Shana began working on the pitons again, jerking the chain back and forth . . . back and forth. The sun was just starting to light up the eastern sky, and she was no where near to loosening the damn things. It was going to be very long day.





-------------





The mosquitos came out not long after first light searching for their morning meal, and Shana made the perfect target, being naked and helpless up as she was. She did her best to shake them off, using what little motion the chains allowed, and still accumulated quite a few bites. As the sun rose, the insects took cover from its heat. Shana could not. Just as she had anticipated earlier, the first rays hit her spread-eagled body full force. Not only that, but the canyon acted much like an oven, trapping the heat within, so that by mid-morning, the temperature already felt like it had risen to over 90 degrees. Fresh beads of sweat glistened off her breasts, inside her hollowed armpits and off her legs.



She continued working on the pitons, first one and then the other, with about a 10 minute rest for her legs. The piton on her right was really beginning to loosen up, but her upper arms ached so much, it became increasingly difficult just to move them a mere few inches. Even worse, her hands had lost all feeling in spite of her attempts to keep the circulation going. They were also light purple in color and growing darker. That wasn't good. Shana kept her eyes focused on her right wrist and tried to block out the pain shooting up and down her poor limbs.&nbsp; 



Another hour passed. The temperature kept rising. Shana could see the heat wafting up from the rocks around her. Rivers of sweat flowed out of her pores, tickling her, drenching every inch of her nude body. Her long blonde hair snaked in dark strands against her forehead, neck and back. 



"I'm going to die here," she moaned to herself, "and when they find me, they'll know exactly how it happened. My family, my friends . . . they'll know too." 



Shana rolled her head sideways, tears of pain and humiliation flowing with her sweat down her cheeks.



Time crept slowly by. Her desert-tanned skin began to turn a bright red as the suns rays bore down on her body. Her lips were chapped and the inside of her mouth felt like it was lined with cotton. She couldn't even swallow anymore, her throat was so dry.



Looking up and squinting at the sun, she noticed a hawk circling above, probably looking for food. She watched for awhile, then realized it was too big to be a hawk. It was a vulture.



"So this is the creature I am to be sacrificed to," Shana almost laughed. 



No doubt she was the target of interest, and soon there would two of them, and then three, circling, descending ever closer with each pass. Shana wondered if the last experience in this life would be of their sharp, ugly beaks picking away at her flesh. She could scream and drive them away, but as weak and hoarse as she was, that wouldn't help much.



A line of sweat trickled down from one shackled wrist and tickled her armpit. Suddenly, Shana's weary thoughts snapped alert. Looking up, she noticed her wrists were as sweaty as the rest of her body. Twisting her left hand within the metal shackle, she began pulling. 



She couldn't get her wrists through the night before, but now, her perspiration was acting as a lubricant. She twisted and pulled with all of her remaining strength, nearly rubbing her flesh raw. She pulled and twisted, twisted and pulled, her heart pounding with adrenaline until her hand finally slipped past the shackle.



She was free! 



Shana grimaced from the pain when her free arm dropped to her side like a piece of dead wood. She took a moment to stretch and get her circulation going so she could reach over to the other wrist. The piton to her left was actually very loose, and with her free hand she was able to work it free from the rock. It took a few more minutes to get the circulation going in that arm, then slowly she bent down, grabbed a rock nearby and used it to break free the pitons her ankles were chained to. 



The sun was directly overhead now, and the heat stifling. She moved carefully along the ledge, and searched for anything she could wear, but found nothing.

 

"Damn It," she nearly screamed. "That son of a bitch was really going to make me shimmy up that rope with no clothes!" 



Suddenly, Shana grew silent. During the last few hours, she hadn't even thought of David. She made her way up the path as quickly as she could to the spot where she thought he had fallen. Perhaps he was still alive - injured and unconscious maybe - but alive. Standing at the edge of a finger-shaped rock, Shana carefully peered into the canyon. About fifty feet below, she saw her boyfriend, lying naked and motionless on his back, his right leg and neck twisted at impossible angles. He was dead. She could tell even from this distance. The fall had most-likely killed him, so at least he didn't suffer. Shana stepped back and leaned against the wall of the ledge. She wanted to cry out, wanted the tears to flow, but nothing happened. She had been through so much already, that every emotion, every thought was geared only on her survival and nothing else. Besides, there would be plenty of time for crying later.



She found the rope still dangling nearby. Grasping it tightly with both hands, she placed her feet on the upward sloping rock and began her climb. It was a strange feeling, scaling the rock naked, save for her hiking boots. It was also more challenging climbing up the canyon, especially in her weakened condition. At the steepest part, she lost her footing completely, and her grip slipped down the rope about two feet before she got hold of it again, burning her palms terribly and scraping the front of her body against the gritty stone. Hanging by her hands, she raised one leg high and found a firm foot hold, then pulled herself up. 



By the time she reached the top, Shana was exhausted and covered with at least a dozen wounds all over her body. Looking around, she saw that David had left his pack under a bush nearby. She crawled over and opened it. There were no clothes, but she found two bottles of water and the keys to the locks on her remaining shackles. She drank nearly all of the water, then after freeing her wrists and ankles from their bindings, threw the pack over one shoulder and made her way back to camp. 



She finally found her shorts and tank top there, and downed some more water before collapsing under a tree. Shana figured it would take at least an hour of rest before she could hike back down to the jeep. After that, her thoughts would turn to David and the grieving could begin. Laying still in the shade, she felt the black ants crawling around her again, but this time she paid them little mind. 



End











Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Night Owl


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





