BDSM Library - Freedom and risk in all directions




Freedom and risk in all directions
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: With her parents gone she sets herself up for a long crawl. there are two paths to go to be released but both will risk discovery.






Freedom and risk in all directions
By SG
Anobody7@hotmail.com

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I had two timers in my hand. They were the standard twenty four hour timers used by people on vacation to make their lights come on and off. I plugged both timers in the power strip I had plugged into a third timer box which was plugged into the wall. The power was off on it for the moment. I plugged a cord into each of the timers then closed my eyes and spun the dials on the timers. I had used a number of pegs on each timer to set up multiple time intervals. After I had spun each timer a couple of times, enough that I had no idea where they were at, I stopped spinning them. I rotated each one till I heard them click past one of the random pegs making it so that they would be at the start of the next interval. I then felt around at the top of each timer and tripped each circuit into the off position. I didn&#8217;t open my eyes till I was all the way turned around. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I followed the steal cable across the yard and into the house. There was a large spool of the cable just inside the door way to the house. The air was still hot as the sun was just beginning to set. When I got inside I looked at the timer on my microwave clock which I had set just before going out and plugging in the timer currently running. Both were set for twenty minutes originally and looking at the microwave I saw I had eighteen minutes to get ready. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I threw off the pants and t-shirt I was wearing and immediately picked up the strap-on harness which was laid out on the floor with everything else I needed. Stepping into the harness I pulled it up my legs. The harness had two plugs on it, both vibrators. I turned them both on to their low setting then slid them into me. I had already greased them up before I had gone outside. The dildo and butt plug both slid in with out any problems, their dual vibrations instantly raising my excitement level. I was now filled with two vibrating demons. The dildo in my pussy was a double dildo bent in a V shape. One end was stuffed inside of me while the other end was sticking up in front. The outer part of the dildo was much larger than what was inside of me. It was two and a half inches in diameter and fourteen inches long. It would drop the jaw on anyone who saw it. The plug in my rear was also a double ended dildo that was long and straight. It was an inch and a half in diameter and twenty inches long. Eight inches of the dildo were stuffed up my rear while a full foot of it suck straight out of my ass. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;With my strap-on harnesses on I picked up the leather leg binder from the floor. I slid my legs into the binder then buckled the waist belt tightly around my hips. The binder hung from the waist belt by two straps one on each side of my legs. The single sleeve leg binder went from my mid-thigh to down to my ankles. Starting at my ankles I began pulling the laces as tight as I could morphing my naked legs into a single leather covered leg. The leather squeezed my legs so tightly I thought it might almost cut off the circulation. I adjusted the two straps on the sides of my legs so that that the sleeve of the binder was being pulled up by the waist belt. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I carefully worked my way down to the floor till I was kneeling. Then I picked up my gag, the gag was a single strap, in and out dildo gag. I put the gag into my mouth taking the three inches of rubber penis into my mouth and buckled the gag behind my head. I was now completely filled with all my holes stuffed. Crossing my eyes I could see the outer part of the gag as the penis extended eight inches in front of my face. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Next I picked up the thin strands of rope from the floor. I coiled the rope around the base of each of my breasts forcing them to balloon out from the trapped blood. My breast looked much bigger when they finally stopped growing. My tits were sticking straight out completely filled with blood. I picked up my nipple clamps and placed one each nipple. The pain was excruciating at first. After a minute the pain subsided to a dull ache. On the end of each clamp was a short string, about two feet in length with a metal lug nut large enough to fit over my thumb tied to the end.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I then leaned forward and lowered myself onto my stomach. It was a slow process with out being able to use my legs. I wasn&#8217;t actually laying on the floor when I rolled onto my stomach. The dildo on the strap-on harness was big enough that my hips balance on it teetering from side to side. The dildo in front of my face forced me to keep my head to one side or the other. I picked up the last item that was laying next to me. Putting my hands behind my back I used the lock attached to the handcuffs to connect them to the D ring on the back of the waist belt on the leg binder then I locked the handcuffs around my wrists. I had looped a paper clip in one of the links of the cuffs before which I now used to engage the double lock feature on the handcuffs. Once they were locked I tossed the paperclip away and took one more look at the timer. There was a minute and a half left on it. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I laid on the floor thinking about what was ahead of me. When the buzzer went off I would set out on my journey to free myself. Ahead of me was the living room where all the blinds were open to the street out front. I was in my parent&#8217;s house which sat on the corner of the street with the windows of the living room at the bend in the street and looking straight down the street. The road then turned and headed in the same direction I was looking, which was the opposite direction of the back yard. Beyond the living room was the hallway which leads into the corner bedroom. In the bedroom which also had all the windows open was one of the keys to my handcuffs. 
The second handcuff key was on the hour hand of a clock which was plugged into one of the timers outside. The clock was currently in the one o&#8217;clock position with the key over the hand of the clock. The clock was taped to the top of the swing set on the opposite side of the yard. The swing set was there from when I was a kid. When the key dropped off the clock it would hang by a string from the swing set. The real catch to this self bondage was that I had to try and get down to corner bedroom as quickly as I could. Going down to the room to get that key meant risking having anyone outside see me. The side walk out side was just outside the large living room windows. Anyone standing on the side walk could easily see me as I crawled through the living room and in the bedroom. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The trick to all this was the cable which lead into the house. One end of it was tied between my feet to the leg binder. The leg binder I had on was actually meant for inverted suspension. The end of the cable went to the truck tow winch I had temporarily removed from my parent&#8217;s jeep. It was the item plugged into the other timer on the power strip. When the power was turned on the winch would start to reel in the cable very slowly till it was all the way retracted. At that point I would be hanging upside down from the swings in the middle of my parent&#8217;s backyard. The timer had numerous time intervals. The longest was four hours. The shortest was ten minutes. The timer for the clock which had the keys had similar intervals. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;If I was still tied up when the winch was activated I would be dragged backwards through the house from what ever point I got to. If I got stuck upside down outside I would have to wait till I got the key to the hand cuffs before I could free myself. Once my hands are freed I will be able to reach the controls to the winch. I really didn&#8217;t want to get pulled outside though. Not only would I be left dressed like a perverted sex fiend but I would also get dragged passed all the magnets I had tossed around the swings which could latch on to the metal nuts connected to my nipple clamps. Between the swings and door to the kitchen was our old slip-n-slide that was covered in baby oil.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When the timer went off I began my crawl towards the bedroom. I used my toes to push me forward while I rolled across the strap-on dildo from one side to the next inching my way forward. The dildo was continually thrusting in and out between my breasts as I moved. I was getting a continual breast fucking as I crawled. Immediately my breasts started to hurt from being rubbing on the carpet and my nipples were screaming as the clamps were continually being pulled at. As I moved around trying to inch my way forward the plugs inside of me wiggled around adding to their ability to tease me. The gag did its job of keeping me quiet as well as forcing me to look to the side.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was slow going but I loved every second of it. I had always found self bondage to be kind of boring. Once you are tied up there isn&#8217;t much that is exciting about it. For most of the year I lived at school in a dorm room I shared with another girl. That meant I didn&#8217;t get to do anything to exciting when I tied myself up. My favorite thing to do at school was tie myself up in bed for the night with my door unlocked. I had the top bunk so when my roommate came in she couldn&#8217;t see me. Right now I was spending the summer at home. My parents were currently gone on vacation leaving me in charge of taking care of the house. This is why I had a chance to try something more exciting than anything else I had done. My biggest fantasy was to get found by someone. In all honesty though the last thing I wanted was to be hung upside down outside where anyone of my parent&#8217;s neighbors could find me.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It took me over an about twenty minutes to make it to the entry way into the living room. I turned my head and looked out the window as I first entered into it. I could see the cars driving on the street outside. All the lights in the house were on giving me no chance to hide. It was still light enough outside that it would be hard for anyone looking in to see anything. I started my slow crawl across the living room constantly turning my head to look at the window to see if anyone was coming. Dusk was fast approaching which meant the longer I waited the better the chances of someone seeing me or of getting dragged out into the yard. I moved as fast as I could, my excitement constantly growing. The more I wiggled back and forth the more the dildo moved in my pussy.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I made it down to the hallway with out being seen. I hadn&#8217;t gotten very far into the hallway before I heard the boom boom boom from someone&#8217;s bass. This wasn&#8217;t the most expensive land around which meant the class of a lot of the people wasn&#8217;t very high. I was one of the few kids to have grown up in the area who had made it to college. I had spent the last year there while most of the kids I had graduated with were still living at home. The neighbors on either side constantly let their nineteen and twenty year old kids throw massive parties at their places. Half the time the parents would buy the kegs for the kids and join in the festivities. I was beginning to smell the familiar smell of a barbeque which meant one of my neighbors had decided to throw the party. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I quickened my pace knowing that the prospect of being bound out side was now very un-enticing. If I got stuck out side now there was an extremely good chance someone would find me. Not only was there a good chance that they could find me but it would be a bunch of kids I had grown up with all of whom would be very drunk.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I worked my way down to the bedroom and had to stop. I was looking out the window before I crawled into the room and saw a couple of the guys I had graduated with getting out of their car. I bent my body so that I was still hidden in the hallway but could see out the window. Looking ahead I could see the key I needed in order to free myself. It had taken me twenty minutes to make it to here and I knew the longer I waited the better the chances of having the winch turn on were. As soon as the boys had disappeared I restarted my crawl for freedom. 
I was halfway across the room when headlights shining in made me look outside. I recognized the car which had just turned the bend and parked outside my house. The car belonged to my ex-boyfriend. I had dumped him telling him I just didn&#8217;t feel any chemistry between us. He was just to plain and ordinary in my opinion. Immediately following the break up I was going after another guy who I thought would be a little more exciting. In high school I didn&#8217;t know I had a desire to be bound and used. It wasn&#8217;t until a college party where someone had a pair of hand cuffs that I realized my dark desires and my obsession began. 
I made a desperate lung forward moving as quickly as I could. My tits felt like they had been ripped off from the clamps when I made the jump but I had moved far enough forward that I was hidden behind the bed. I felt relieved knowing there was no way of them seeing me now. The only thing that could get me is if someone looked into my backyard then followed the cable from the swing set till they found me. From the direction everyone was walking the party looked to be in the neighbor next to our backyard. 
I continued the last few feet to the key anxious to get the key and release myself. I could hear my ex outside talking to someone as he got out of his car. My crawl forward was suddenly stopped. I thought the cable had gotten caught on something but the sudden pull backwards let me know the winch was on. The key was right in front of my face as I slid backwards at an agonizingly slow pace. The winch was pulling me back at a rate of about an inch per second. I flexed my back and balanced my stomach on the dildo so that my breasts wouldn&#8217;t get dragged across the rug as I was dragged backwards. When my head was pulled around the bed I could see my ex with a couple of other people all checking out the stereo in his car. Looking at the group I could see that the girl hanging off of him was none other than Nikki. I never liked Nikki when we went to school and she didn&#8217;t like me. I was always the good looking girl who could get any guy I wanted. Nikki was the girl any guy could go to who wanted to get fucked. In high school I had cracked a couple of jokes about Nikki letting people gang bang her so that they would like her. A few people thought I was being serious and suddenly the rumors went flying.
I was pulled out of the bedroom and into the hallway where I knew I couldn&#8217;t be seen. I hoped that by the time I was in the living room everyone would be gone. But as I entered the living room I looked out and saw that everyone was still huddled around the car. All the guys were transfixed on the stereo but Nikki wasn&#8217;t. They all had beer bottles in there hands but Nikki looked like she had already had a lot to drink. It wasn&#8217;t even late. At the moment she was looking down at the bedroom I had come out of. As I was pulled across the room I prayed that no one would look in my direction and see me stuffed with three dildos and with three dildos sticking out of me. Nikki looked into the living room where I was then off at something else. Hopefully she was to drunk to think or better yet see straight. I was almost in the kitchen when Nikki looked right at me. Her vision paused for a split second then moved on to scan the rest of the room. I was in the kitchen before she had a chance to look back.
The winch continued to pull me backwards through the kitchen and into the backyard. Once I was outside and onto the plastic slip-n-slide my tits began to feel a lot better. The baby oil covering the slide kept the rug burns that were on my sore breasts from getting any larger. My stomach and face were quickly covered in oil. I rolled onto my back to keep the oil out of my face. My hair quickly soaked up the oil. I saw the swings quickly nearing. Next door the music was blaring and the kids were already getting drunk.
My legs began to lift off the ground as I approached the swing. I looked at the timer for the clock and saw that it was in the middle of an hour long interval which was followed by a two hour interval followed by a three hour interval. That meant the clock would start in a half hour and run for two hours before turning off for three more hours before the next power cycle came. Most of my body was off the ground by now leaving only my shoulders and head touching the ground. When my body finally left the ground I swung back and forth under the swing dragging the metal nuts across the ground. I saw three magnets attach to the left nut and four cling onto the right. When the weights were finally hanging off the ground my nipples felt like they were being ripped off. But the clamps just pinched tighter with the extra weight. 
I hung upside down totally limp. I did my best to keep my body from swinging around to keep the weights from moving around and pulling on the clamps. The blood was rushing to my head and the baby oil was slowly running downwards. It was almost dark and the neighbor&#8217;s party seemed to be picking up. I could hear all the people I had grown up with talking and drinking on the other side of the fence.



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  SG


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





