BDSM Library - Kathy Comes to Dinner




Kathy Comes to Dinner
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Peter gets teased and denied to distraction by his wife and her friend Kathy!         






On Thursday at dinner, Lisa asked me if it would be okay if she invited Kathy over for barbeque on Saturday night. I said sure and asked Lisa what she wanted for the menu (I am the barbeque chef) . She said she wanted my secret recipe ribs. (Its hardly a secret, I marinate the heck out of them in what is mostly bourbon. The chef usually does a little marinating himself!)

Kathy is a long time, very close friend of Lisa's and is a fairly regular guest at our house. In addition to being very nice and easy to get along with, she is also absolutely beautiful. So having her over is doubly easy for me. I've had more than a fantasy or two over that woman.

Kathy is rather tall and slender, but not that skinny kind of slender. Rather the modern model look. Thin, but with plenty of curves. She has very long legs, and near perfect ass and large firm tits that defy gravity. I've even asked Lisa if her friend ever had a boob job, but she swears they are totally natural, and she would know. They are that close. She has great legs, muscular enough to be very shapely without looking like a body builder. She is very pretty in the face too. With long blond hair and blue eyes. You get the idea, she could be a centerfold in an upscale men's magazine, and wouldn't I love to see that issue! One of the things I like best about Kathy is that she isn't the least bit stuck up. She definitely knows she is good looking, but doesn't make a big thing out of it. She normally dresses in a way that is flattering, but on the conservative side.

On Saturday morning we awoke at the normal time. I was feeling a bit horny since I'd been working very late all week and both Lisa and I had been exhausted on Friday night and had simply fallen into bed and been sound asleep in minutes. I snuggled over next to Lisa and put my arms around her from behind. Soon I was cupping her breasts and my cock was beginning to stiffen. She slid back toward me and was slowly grinding her ass into my crotch. I was soon ready for more. Lisa rolled over and we kissed and groped, she was slowly stroking my cock now and I was ready to enter her and start the weekend off with a welcome orgasm. 

Just as I started to roll her on her back she giggled and pushed at my chest saying "That will give you something to think about today. We don't have time for this now! I have to clean up the entire house and you need to mow the grass and do the shopping, or did you forget that we're having company tonight?"

"Oh baby," I groaned "I didn't forget, but we're not in that big of a hurry!"

I could see that I was not going to prevail. Lisa was already half way out of bed and she simply replied, "It will just make it all the better this evening." I didn't realize at the time what that would really mean.

The day was rather uneventful. Both Lisa and I were running around busily, getting everything ready for that evening. As had become her way since that fateful Friday night, Lisa was being a tease every chance she got, but we were so busy that wasn't often, nor was there time for anything very serious.

Finally we were all ready. Showered, cleaned up and with about a half an hour before Kathy any was due to show up. I thought it a bit odd that I'd only prepared for three of us. Usually Kathy brought a date when she came to our place, though not always. Perhaps the two women were going to have a bit of "girl time". That was fine with me, as there was a game I really wanted to see, and it would be all the easier for me to discretely scope out Kathy if she wasn't escorted.

Lisa was in the bedroom, putting on the final touches, when she called to me and asked me to come in there. As I entered the bedroom, I noticed she was dressed in a pair if rather short shorts and a nice, low cut silk tee. A bit more sexy than I would have expected, but not overly so. At first I didn't really think much about it, but that would soon change.

I was wearing a Polo shirt and a fairly baggy pair of khaki shorts. It had been very warm recently, unseasonably so and the weather this evening would be very pleasant.

"What do you want, honey?" I asked.

"What are you wearing under your shorts?" she asked.

Suspiciously I answered that I was wearing briefs, as usual.

"Take them off" she replied.

"What?" I asked rather stupidly, but I was quite surprised at this.

She ignored my reaction and simply repeated, "Take them off". 

If you've been reading my stories about Lisa and me, then this will make sense, if not let me give you a little background. About four months before Lisa had picked a Friday night to act on my teasing and denial fantasies that she had discovered by browsing through my computer. Since then, she had been continually increasing her control over our sex life and especially my orgasms. Teasing and denial had become a regular way of life for us. Especially weekend nights were often spent by her driving me nuts with her teasing. Usually ending with me getting relief at the end of the night or the next morning at worst, but sometimes lasting even longer. So this turn of events wasn't that out of the ordinary or unusual, except we were having company this night. She had never done anything like this with company around before. That was about to change.

After a moment of stunned hesitation, and Lisa's rather serious "Now!", I did as she instructed. To do otherwise wasn't an option I knew, at least not one I wanted to suffer the consequences of. Standing there in a pair of sandals and a polo shirt, I started to put the shorts back on sans the underwear.

"Just a minute, come over here first. There is something I need to tell you."

Again I did as told. In spite of myself, I start getting hard even before Lisa actually does or says anything, once I realize a teasing session is about to start. This gives Lisa a huge thrill.

"Looking forward to whatever is coming I see" she giggled. 

With that she started to stroke my cock with one hand and caress my balls in the other. As she did so she said "I'm not going to tell you what's coming, just understand this; if you do not do everything I tell you tonight, and without hesitation, you will not cum for a solid month. Got that?"

I simply moaned yes. After the previous week of total abstinence, and the brief session this morning, not to mention what was going on at the moment, any idea of not cumming for a month was unthinkable.

"Furthermore, if you start to resist my instructions, you will receive the month long punishment, but I'll find a way to make you do what I had in mind in the first place anyway. Is that clear too?"

The excitement of what might be about to unfold plus the stimulation Lisa was giving me, was too much. I was just about to shoot my load, when Lisa gave my balls a not so gentle squeeze and informed me that was all for now. I was to put my shorts back on and finish getting ready for our company. I groaned in frustration, my cock throbbing. 

As I dressed and tossed my briefs in the laundry hamper, Lisa made a final, somewhat unnerving statement, "And try not to drool all over when you see Kathy tonight. I know how you fantasize about her and its really disgusting!" 

I know that wives just sense these things, but I'd always been so completely cool around Kathy, only sneaking a peek when no one would notice. I was surprised Lisa thought to even say anything.

Just as I was making the final preparations to light the barbeque the doorbell rang. 

"Can you get that?" yelled Lisa.

I quickly wiped my hands and ran to the door. When I opened it, I'm sure my jaw dropped a foot. There was Kathy looking absolutely stunning. Her long hair was flowing down over her shoulders. She was quite tan. And she was wearing the smallest, tightest tube top I'd ever seen. It was blatantly obvious she didn't have a bra on, and her nipples were making a couple of prominent pokes in the material. She had on the tightest, shortest shorts I'd ever seen too. Her long legs ran down into a pair of 4 inch heel sandals which were a blood red color that matched her finger and toe nail polish. I couldn't help staring. I looked her up and down slowly twice before I could speak.

"My, don't you look great!" was the only coherent (if stupid) thing that I could get out of my mouth.

Just about that time Lisa showed up. In a tone that both indicated mirth at my loss of place and irritation at my ineptitude, she said "Aren't you going to invite Kathy in?"

"Of course" I said, slowly regaining my composure.

"Here is my contribution to dinner" Kathy added, handing me a bottle of chilled wine. 

By this time the women were on there way toward the back yard, as if I wasn't even present. My mind was still swirling, what the Hell was up. Kathy had NEVER dressed anything like this when she came over. In fact, in all the years I'd known her, she'd never dressed in anything this sexy, at least not that I'd seen. That fact coupled with Lisa's earlier behavior was an indication that these two had cooked something up and that it was going to be at my expense. I had no idea what it was though.

Waiting just a minute for the hard-on that had spontaneously sprouted when I'd seen Kathy and trying to get a still better grip on the situation, I headed for the back porch. By now I could at least think and talk. Trying to avoid looking at either of them, but not act like any more of a fool, I finally asked if anyone wanted a glass of wine. Both indicated they would like some of the Chardonnay Kathy had brought. I fetched each of them a glass and returned to the kitchen to pour myself a rather stiff bourbon and water.

While I was getting the coals going for the ribs Lisa walked by and whispered, "You can have one of those and nothing else to drink until dinner, clear!" It wasn't a question. "I don't want you to embarrass me any more this evening, and trust me you don't want to find out what will happen if you do." 

While it was evident things were unfolding exactly as Lisa intended, she was dead serious I could tell. The admonition about 30 cumless days wasn't forgotten either.

While I worked at the barbeque on the deck, Lisa and Kathy were ostensibly checking out the recently redone back yard landscape. Bending over Lisa's new bonsai, standing on tiptoes to smell the flowering trees. You get the idea. Even I could tell it was all a sham to give me a constant show of tits and ass. Notwithstanding the fact that I knew exactly what was going on, I couldn't help but stare, nor could I control the tent pole effect it was having in my shorts. As the two of them came up the few steps to the deck I saw Kathy definitely stare at my predicament. She acted as if nothing was out of the ordinary, except for the huge grin she gave me while looking straight into my eyes as they headed for the kitchen to refresh their wine.

For the first time I realized the full effect of being teased regularly and cumming infrequently. The more subtle non-physical teasing I was being subjected to this evening was nearly as devastating and frustrating as the more direct stimulations that I'd become accustomed to the last few months.

Finally dinner was ready as I served the food and poured the dinner wine, Kathy and Lisa were back to acting as if I wasn't even there. Talking about "girl things" and ignoring me completely. During dinner things started out rather normal, but soon Lisa was up to one of her favorite tricks, which was to plant one foot in my crotch and start her slow methodical strokes of my shaft. Very soon I was rock hard and having a very hard time acting normal. 

Kathy soon asked, "Is something wrong Peter, you seem to have lost your appetite." 

I mumbled that I was fine and tried to resume eating. Finally Lisa stopped, but within seconds, well before I could begin to recover, she asked me to go to the kitchen for something. I looked straight at her and she returned a look that left no doubt as to its message, GO! Even as baggy as my shorts were, my condition was going to be blatantly obvious the second I stood. I hesitated just an instant longer, then rose and turned to head for the kitchen as quickly as I could.

I was about half way there when Lisa said, "Here, take this with you as long as you're going."

I was mortified, I'd have no choice but to turn and face them and walk straight toward them. It would be impossible to miss my hard on. I felt my face turn crimson. I took one more step toward the kitchen and finally turned back to the table. The two of them were silent, and had their eyes glued to my bulging cock.

As I reached the table Lisa handed me the empty platter and with a wicked grin, said "Thanks".

I headed back to the kitchen, more embarrassed than I'd even been in my whole life. As I turned the corner into the other room Lisa and Kathy burst into uncontrollable giggling.

It was obvious that teasing and embarrassing me was the agenda for the night, and that Kathy was totally clued in. Once again my mind was reeling. Lisa's ability to continually push beyond the edge of the envelop was growing daily. My ability to keep up was in question, but the cost of failure was too high to not go along. Plus I knew that it would only momentarily delay the inevitable. I was in the kitchen for quite some time, trying to wait for my cock to soften. In spite of the embarrassment I felt, I was unbelievably turned on and it took several minutes before my shorts could adequately conceal my now only semi-hard dick.

When I finally returned with what Lisa had originally requested, she said with that same grin, "It sure took you long enough." 

Kathy let out a giggle that she was clearly trying to contain but couldn't. I turned beet red again. I was very confused, in spite of nothing more than embarrassing me some more I was starting to get hard again.

Lisa and Kathy poured the last of the wine in their glasses and headed for the living room. Lisa "suggested" that I clear the table and then join them. I was doing my clean up rather slowly, to give my self the opportunity to get a grip on the situation. I hadn't even considered that Lisa would expand our new situation beyond the two of us and the confines of our home. Now I was questioning how far this might ultimately go, and even if there were any limits. That thought actually scared me. Finally I had the place pretty well cleaned up and had stalled as long as I thought I dared. Pouring my self the last of the wine I headed for the living room.

When I got there Lisa and Kathy were both just finishing their wine and I was sent back to open another bottle. By now I'd had one drink while cooking and about a glass and a half of wine with dinner. I would have had more, but when I was pouring my second wine Lisa gave me a look that contained a clear message. The girls however had each had a few glasses, and while hardly drunk, they were clearly 'relaxed'.

"Peter, I haven't told you the whole reason I invited Kathy over tonight" Lisa began (I started to worry) "Kathy needs our help and advice about something." 

I breathed a deep sigh of relieve. It didn't happen often, but there had been a few times before when Kathy had asked us for things like this. For example since I work in financial services, I'd once help her by getting her some information about refinancing her condo.

"Shoot," I said "anything I can do to help out a friend."

Not that it would have mattered, but that turned out to be exactly the wrong thing for me to say. 

"Oh good" they said in unison and then laughed.

"Do you remember that Friday night, when I was stroking you with my feet and the phone rang?"

"Lisa" I yelled.

Both of them giggled. 

"Oh don't be such a prude, Kathy knows all about that." 

Once again I turned bright red. 'That' Friday night was the beginning of Lisa's and my teasing and denial lifestyle. (Read the rather long story Friday night for the details.) During one particularly intense portion of the evening Kathy had called and Lisa talked with her as if nothing else was going on. And there had been another time during one of our teasing sessions that Lisa had stopped abruptly to answer a call from Kathy. I'd already suspected that the second one was set up, now I was sure.

It turned out that Lisa's cryptic comments on the phone that evening had aroused Kathy's curiosity. During a subsequent conversation Lisa had told the whole story to Kathy and had been keeping her up to date on how life was progressing ever sense. Unbeknownst to me, Kathy was actually quite a cock tease. Evidently since I was her best friend's husband when we first met, I'd never seen that side of her. Now she had a new guy she was dating and wanted some ideas to take it a step further.

My mind was a blur, so I'd only been getting about half of what Lisa was saying until she dropped the bomb. 

"So tonight I'm going to demonstrate some techniques for Kathy that she can try on Bob (her new guy)."

"Are you nuts?" I yelled.

Lisa became very stern and said slowly, "I know this is unexpected for you, so I'm going to overlook that outburst this once. But remember what I told you before Kathy arrived. I'm not going to remind you a second time."

With that Lisa told me to go into the bedroom and undress. I was to wait there until they came in, and I'd better be naked.

Soon they walked in. I was sitting on the bed with my back more or less to the door. 

"Stand up silly" Lisa directed.

I did, but still was turned away from them. 

"Turn around and face us, stop being so shy" she giggled. 

I did, but tried to hide myself a bit by at least keeping my hands in front of me. I was already crimson once again, but turned even a deeper red when Lisa said, "Okay if you're going to act like that I'm going to have to be bossy, clasp your hands behind your head!"

As I did, it was clear to both of them that I was rock hard in spite of my humiliation. 

"See, I told you this would turn him on!" Lisa clapped as she exclaimed. 

"Hmm, that's not a bad package he has there." commented Kathy, as if talking about someone who wasn't in the room. 

I felt even more embarrassed at each turn, which I didn't think was possible.

"Lisa, please don't do this" I begged.

"I was afraid of this" Lisa giggled "turn around and put your hands behind your back." 

Knowing I had no real choice I did as directed. Lisa quickly put on my wrist cuffs. Then she did something totally new and unexpected. 

"Close your eyes and open your mouth wide" she instructed. 

Again I did as I was told, although hesitantly. Suddenly Lisa inserted what I soon realized was a ball gag.

"I love to hear him beg for relief, and we'll do that later, but for now if he isn't quiet you might miss some of the finer points of my lesson!" Lisa laughingly explained to Kathy. She then had me turn around and face the two of them.

"Come over here, I want you to get a feel for how he is now!" Lisa was in her "instructor mode."

She asked Kathy to feel my balls and see how firm they were. 

"This is how you will tell if your man has cum since the last time you gave him permission. Mostly by learning how his balls feel depending on when he came last."

I was mortified as Kathy took my balls in her right hand and started to carefully feel them. 

"See how firm they feel," Lisa started. She went on to explain to Kathy that I hadn't cum in almost a week. "I've already brought him right to the edge of cumming twice today. By the end of this evening you'll really get to feel some full balls, this is nothing yet" she giggled. 

All the while Kathy was exploring my balls with both hands.

"Okay, lets start. Take one testicle in each hand, wrap your fingers around it so your thumbs are pointing up. Now while gently squeezing and massaging each one, rub your thumbs gently up and down right under the cock head, pushing his cock back against his stomach. In just seconds he'll start to squirm, in fact we may have to restrain him further. This treatment drives him absolutely crazy. It's one of my favorites!"

I couldn't believe this. Here was my wife teaching her best friend how to drive me insane with the most frustrating of all her techniques, and we'd just started! I was moaning into the gag and squirming like mad. Finally I couldn't take it anymore and stepped back. Lisa's eyes went wide! 

"What do you think you're doing?" she barked at me, "you know better than that! You're going to pay for that one Peter!" 

With that she positioned me standing at the foot of the bed and with my legs spread wide attached my ankles with cuffs to the legs of the frame. Now I couldn't move and my balls and cock were well positioned for further torment.

"Since he misbehaved so badly we're going to be here for a while" stated Lisa as she got the desk chair for Kathy to sit in. "I don't want you getting tired," she giggled, as Kathy sat down and resumed her manipulations. 

Lisa explained how this technique brought me slowly to orgasm, but by feeling my balls so directly and looking straight at my cock head as she was, Kathy would be able to bring me right to the very edge and still stop just in time. Kathy proved to be a very quick learner, within a few minutes my cock was starting to twitch uncontrollably and suddenly my balls tightened as an orgasm was imminent. Lisa quickly told Kathy to remove her thumbs, but keep massaging my balls. I screamed into the gag and my cock preformed several spasms but I didn't cum. Kathy kept massaging my balls as she told Lisa how much fun she had watching my cock behave like that but not cum.

"Oh just wait, after five or six cycles like this the power you feel is unbelievable. Normally I wouldn't go that many, but after he stepped back like that he knows he is going to suffer for it!" 

My eyes went wide, Lisa had never done more than five of these cycles without a major break. 

"See how his balls are starting to hang a bit lower now, that means you can start again." I was moaning non stop already. Lisa had Kathy starting again even sooner than she normally did. "Go very slow and soft with your thumbs, we're going to push him further than he's ever been before. Embarrassing me by stepping away from you has me more pissed than I realized. And besides, you need the most experience you can get."

Soon I was closing in on cumming again. Lisa told Kathy to keep slowing down and lightening her touch, but not to stop. She warned her to be very careful though, and as soon as she felt my balls start to contract to stop instantly. "But don't stop massaging his balls for even a second, it won't make him cum but it keeps him very close and is sooo frustrating for him!"

Kathy kept at it for God knows how long, she did wait longer between cycles after the first time, but just as Lisa had instructed, she never gave my balls one second of rest. 

"God, I can feel them getting fuller and fuller" she said after the fourth time. "Lisa this is really turning me on. I didn't believe you when you told me how much fun this would be. I've certainly teased men before, but never anything like this. I hope Bob can be pussy whipped as much as Peter is." 

Once again I was so embarrassed I thought I'd faint.

"Normally I would change to something less intense about now, but as I said, Peter really pissed me off, plus I want you to be really expert at this for Bob, if your not you might accidentally make him cum before your ready, especially the first time. We wouldn't want that" she giggled. "Also, I've never done this to Peter without letting him cum at the end of the evening, but I've decided that will be up to you tonight. If you want to make him cum you can, but if not he is going to have to wait until tomorrow." 

I couldn't believe what I was hearing. Not cumming soon was unthinkable. As Lisa said, she had never given me this treatment without letting me cum. I had no idea what to expect from Kathy.

"Really!" Kathy exclaimed, "Wow, I'm getting wet just thinking about it. This really is so much fun. Let me ramp him up a couple of more times while I decide."

I groaned loudly in the gag. Both of the women laughed at that. Kathy was already on the sixth cycle. My cock and balls were aching as much as they ever had. Kathy was a very quick study, she could get me to edge very quickly and then keep me they for quite a while before she had to stop. She managed to apply the lightest of touches with her thumbs and stimulate the most sensitive part of my cock over and over.

"How many more times can I do this?" asked Kathy. "I think another five would be about the limit" replied Lisa. She was looking at my face as she said this, with a huge smile I might add. My eyes bulged and I screamed as loud as I could through the ball gag. "Just kidding," she giggled "I think if we are to have any more fun with him you better stop after one more Kathy."

Finally Kathy reached the point in the seventh cycle where if she didn't stop, I'd cum for sure. But she still kept her non-stop massage of my balls going for another several minutes.

"God, is this making me horny" Kathy exclaimed. "Well there are ways to fix that!" Lisa replied, laughing, "but first I want you to see how much of a kick it is to get him to beg" With that they maneuvered me onto the bed and quickly tied me spread eagled. Lisa removed the gag as Kathy positioned herself kneeling between my legs. "Peter, since Kathy is completely in charge of whether or not you get to cum tonight, I think you better convince her" Lisa informed me.

I was instantly begging for her to finish me. 

"Like this?" asked Kathy, as she poured some Superlube in her palms and after rubbing them together for a few seconds, started to stroke my cock, very, very slowly. 

"Oh yes!" I exclaimed, "just a little faster, please." 

"Oh, more like this?" Kathy asked as she increased the speed a bit.

I thought her inexperience was going to lead to her making me cum before she intended. I groaned "Oh yes, that's perfect, just please don't stop. Oh it feels so good, I'm almost there" I couldn't help myself I was babbling away as my orgasm was quickly approaching.

"But if I keep this up, it will be over too soon." She giggled, as she slowed way down again. I could only moan in frustration. "Peter, do you know why I'm enjoying this so much?"

I wasn't really paying any attention to what she was saying until she stopped stroking and gave my balls a rather firm squeeze, which quickly got my attention. "Peter, pay attention when I'm talking to you, I asked if you knew why I was enjoying this so much." I allowed as how I really didn't.

Kathy went on to tell me that one of the main reasons she was had grown tired of my ogling her tits all the time and this was a bit of revenge. I really thought I'd always been discreet about my staring, but obviously both Kathy and Lisa saw it otherwise. "In fact even now you're staring at my tits instead of looking at my eyes while I'm talking to you!" It was true, I was. I snapped my attention to her eyes. "That's better, now don't be rude anymore."

Kathy continued to stroke me so slowly that I just constantly dribbled precum, but wasn't approaching orgasm again. She kept talking about being respectful and looking at her face as she spoke, not her tits. This was much like telling someone not to think of an elephant, the more she talked the more I wanted to look at her chest. But I kept my eyes glued on hers. After several minutes of this Kathy acknowledged that I was behaving much better. 

She told Lisa that "I'd really like to see him shoot, with his balls this full and his cock so hard and purple I bet it would be a real show!" she giggled. 

Lisa assured her it would, but added "Its up to you, but I'd give him a real challenge first."

"I like the sounds of that" replied Kathy (I sure didn't) "what do you have in mind?" 

As usual Lisa had a rather diabolical plan. "He has done a decent job of keeping his eyes off your breasts for a while, but could he if they were naked?"

OH GOD I thought, no matter how much I'd love to see those tits uncovered I knew I was in trouble now.

Lisa suggested to Kathy that she remove her top and the start stroking me again, increasing the speed very slowly, but constantly. If I could keep my eyes off her tits long enough, I would finally cum, but if I even glanced at her tits once, that was it. Somewhat to my surprise, Kathy agreed.

"Okay Peter, look into my eyes and don't waiver. I'm going to take off this top now" Kathy explained. 

I did as I was told. She again started stroking my cock. This time she started even slower than before and with plenty of Superlube. It seemed as if she was taking about 30 seconds on each stroke. Very slowly she increased her pace, all the while I kept my eyes glued to hers. After quite a long time she was finally stroking fast enough that my orgasm was building up. It was very close now, I was going to make it. 

Then she started to shake her shoulders and with my peripheral vision I could see her tits shaking. I lost my place and took a second's glance at her tits. Instantly I looked back into her eyes. I couldn't have been more than a stoke or two from cumming. She stopped and started laughing. I screamed in frustration.

"I knew he'd never make it" laughed Lisa.

"That wasn't fair, you started to shake them, I only was distracted by that" I tried to reason. It was to no avail, they both just laughed harder.

"You might as well take a good look now, that's all your going to get tonight" Lisa said triumphantly.

I did. They were even more perfect than I had dreamed, with big round nipples that stuck straight out. I didn't get to look long. Kathy bent over and smothered my face in her cleavage. It drove me wild. After a few second of this though, she jumped off the bed and put her top back on.

"Peter, I'm so disappointed, I really want to see you shoot" Kathy pretended to pout.

I started to beg for another chance, saying I'd do anything.

"Anything?" Kathy echoed with a grin. 

I swore I would do anything at all. By this time I would have said whatever it took to get to cum. 

"I am pretty horny" said Kathy as she looked over to Lisa. 

Lisa hesitated for a minute and then nodded "But he doesn't get to see that!" she laughed.

Lisa quickly grabbed a scarf and was securely blindfolding me as Kathy went on "Peter, I really do want to see you cum in this condition. So I'm going to give you a chance to make up for your failure. If you can give me the best orgasm I've ever had, I'll make you cum. You should know I've had some truly remarkable ones in my day, so this is going to be a major challenge for you, but Lisa tells me you are an extraordinary cunt licker." 

I could feel my self blush bright red again. I couldn't believe the all things Lisa had obviously shared with her friend.
Shortly I felt a very wet, totally bald pussy being lowered onto my face. I started to give Kathy the very best tonguing I could. I heard Lisa telling Kathy that she would be sure to keep me motivated. And with that Lisa started more teasing of my cock and balls with her tongue and hands. I was writhing from Lisa's actions and also from the squirming Kathy was doing. My senses were in complete overload and like the expert she had become Lisa had me quickly right on the edge of cumming and was holding me there.

Kathy was obviously very horny, because in just a manner of minutes she was starting to cum. She was shuttering all over and my face was drenched in a flood of her juices. Slowly she rose off my face. "WOW! That was extraordinary, but it was over far too quickly. Lisa I know I'm being greedy, but I want another one" and with that she lowered herself right back on my face.

Her second one took much longer, and I did my best to give her a long, slow building orgasm. I wanted her to be forced to admit it was the best one she ever had. All the while my vixen wife kept at my cock and balls. Driving me crazy with her non-stop attention to my state. She would push me right to the edge then back off just enough to keep me from cumming. Over and over and over she did it. My need to cum was reaching a level such that the only thing I could think about was cumming.

Finally Kathy started to squeeze her legs tightly around my head and I could feel her start to cum. I attacked her clit with my tongue and just as she exploded, I sucked her hard nub right into my mouth. I near drown in the flood that ensued. She collapsed forward laying on my chest and lay still for several minutes. Lisa finally gave my cock a rest.

At last Kathy got up and I could hear her getting dressed. Lisa undid my blindfold and I got a look at Kathy's face. It was very flushed and she was smiling broadly. "Peter, Lisa didn't exaggerate about you one bit. I can't lie about it, I've never cum that hard in my life!" I was in heaven, this meant I was going to finally get to cum. "And I do want to see how hard I can make you shoot. I'm tired and its late, so I think we should get right to it."

Kathy again kneeled between my legs and using the Superlube started her torturously slow hand work one more time. "My God, I can't believe how big and hard he is." Kathy said to Lisa "The head of his cock looks like a plumb." "Feel his balls now," Lisa replied "that's from the work I did while you were enjoying his tongue. He's at the point where massaging his balls will almost make him cum without anything else. But it won't quite, however it will make them still fuller and add to the load when he finally does shoot." Kathy seemed to think this was a fantastic idea, because she stopped every minute or so to fill my balls even more. Lisa was right of course, the frustration this was causing was overwhelming. I couldn't help it I was moaning and begging for Kathy to finish me non-stop. After what seemed like forever, Kathy sped up her stroking to a nice steady pace. I could feel the cum boiling in my balls and knew I was almost there. As if she was wired into my brain, Lisa yelled "Wait, stop!" And Kathy did.

I screamed "NO, NO, NO, PLEASE DON'T STOP, I'm so close, PLEASE!" They both ignored me. Lisa went on "I know you want to see him shoot this load, and it will be amazing I can tell you, but I have a better idea. First, Peter really doesn't deserve to cum tonight for the way he acted, and secondly by morning it will be even more spectacular. So Kathy, why don't you just spend the night and we can finish this then?"

I was devastated, I screamed, I begged, I even cried. It was all for naught. The two of them had made up their minds. Lisa once again put on the blindfold. I could hear the women undressing and whispering to each other, but I couldn't make out what they were saying. Soon I sensed the lights being turned off. The next thing I knew the two of them were laying down on either side of me. They pulled up the covers and I could feel two sets of tits against my sides. This was too much. There was no way I could stand this. Then it got even worse, they started taking turns touching my cock and balls. Not stroking, just touching. "I can't wait until morning" giggled Kathy. "Me either" responded Lisa.

It was going to be a very long night!

The End




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Peter_


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





