BDSM Library - Paying For the Broken Promise




Paying For the Broken Promise
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Peter wasn't supposed to orgasm, and he pays by getting extensive teasing from Lisa!         






I was barely in the door. Friday evening after a week on the road. A big hug and a kiss from Lisa and then WHAM. "Okay drop your pants" she commanded. 

"What? What on Earth are you talking about?" I replied.

Since Lisa had decided that her favorite activity in life was cock teasing, she had become rather unpredictable, but this was very strange.

"Don't argue with me, just do it. I want to be sure about something."

I've learned that arguing about Lisa's demands just causes me all the more grief. So I unbuckled my pants and lowered them and my shorts. Lisa gently grabbed my balls and started to feel them. Shortly she started to caress my cock. It felt very good and I was soon getting hard. Not soon enough it turned out.

"Peter, you are in deep shit! Have you been messing around with another woman while traveling this week?"

I was shocked, "No, of course not! You KNOW I wouldn't do that." It is true, I love my wife deeply and would never mess around. She is so sexy I would never risk jeopardizing our marriage.

"Then there can be only one other explanation, and that's almost as bad, since you promised."

Oh shit! Now I knew what was up. And I knew I WAS in deep shit.

"What did you do then?" Lisa smirked.

I was busted.

Before I go on let me explain. Ever since the month before, when Lisa had discovered my teasing and denial fantasies, she had played the part of the tease with delight. We virtually never had sex without at least a teasing session that normally included her cumming once or twice while I was brought right to the edge of orgasm and then backed down without getting off. Usually that happened a number of times before I got to cum. Not infrequently, my orgasm was put off until the following day or even longer. During one of our earliest sessions Lisa had made me promise never to masturbate again, without her permission. She just kept teasing me until I promised. Of course I'd tried to keep my promise, but I was weak. This past week I'd broken that promise. Here's why.

We had made love on Saturday night. All day Sunday Lisa kept up a non stop teasing routine. Much of it by putting on a show, some of it by touching. By bedtime I was quite ready for a good fucking of my very sexy wife. She insisted that I get her off twice with my tongue before she even touched me. Which I am always happy to do. I love her taste. And the feel of her cumming so hard. By that time I was very ready, but she just started her teasing in earnest. She stroked and sucked my cock. She kept bringing me right to the edge and then stopping. I was begging her to finish me, sure that she would on one of these cycles. Finally she just stopped and rolled over.

"Lisa," I moaned, you can't leave me like this tonight. I'm not going to be back until Friday!" 

I was flying out on a business trip first thing Monday morning. I couldn't imagine she was going to really do this. It wasn't long before I realized she was serious. 

"Peter, it will make next Friday soooo, special. And the anticipation will be wonderful for us both." And with that she made it clear she was going to sleep.

I could scarcely believe it. She had never done anything this mean before. Having a severe case of blue balls and leaving for a five day trip was unthinkable. For me at least. With hindsight its obvious that Lisa had been thinking about it before this. She intended to make me break my promise. Something she knows is very unusual for me and that I hate doing. This night of frustration was just the beginning of her plan. 

I normally call Lisa almost every night when I'm traveling, even if its just to say goodnight. This week the conversations were longer than normal each evening. Lisa was verbally teasing me something fierce. She kept telling me what she was going to do on Friday night when I got home. 

"I'm going to stroke your cock, and suck it, and play with your balls. And you are going to get to lick me to orgasm several times. Oh, God Peter, I'm sooo wet just thinking about it. And Peter, I'm going to make you ache big time on Friday, but I won't make you wait 'till the next day to cum. If you're good, that is."

By Tuesday I really needed to cum already. I was thinking about beating off, but I didn't want to break my promise. Wednesday night was even worse. We were on the phone a long time and Lisa was even more graphic than she'd been the first two nights.

"Peter, if you were here right now, I'd be giving your cock quite a treatment. I'd be licking and sucking it. Taking it all the way in my mouth. I'd be getting it good and wet while I sucked it very, very slowly. Then once it was rock hard I'd get between your legs and start to stroke it. I'd focus special attention on the very sensitive spot just below the head of your cock. You'd already be twitching and your cock would be big and hard. The head would be swollen and purple by now. And I'd just be getting started. You'd know you had a long way to go before you get to cum. You'd even be wondering if you'd have to wait until another day. And I'd be so hot. Every time you'd think I was going to make you squirt, I'd stop and massage your balls just to make them ache some more. Once your cock could take it again without cumming right away I'd start it all over. Pushing you right to the edge where one more stroke would make you cum, then I'd stop again. Oh you'd be so desperate by now. You're probably glad you not here" she giggled. "Peter, I can't take any more. This is making me so hot I've just got to have some relief. I'm going to go get the vibrator and give myself a couple of orgasms so I can go to sleep. Be sure to call me tomorrow. Sleep tight sweetheart." And with that she hung up.

I was crazed. I had a raging hard on and a serious case of aching nuts. I wanted to cum so bad I couldn't stand it. Again I started to think about masturbating, but I really didn't want to break my promise to Lisa. Damn, I was so frustrated. I tried to sleep, but just laid there knowing that right that minute Lisa was having orgasm after orgasm with her lifelike vibrator. I didn't know if I was going to make it.

I considered not calling Lisa Thursday evening, but I knew it would be a mistake. In hindsight it was a bigger mistake TO call. She launched into even more graphic descriptions about how she was going to tease me the following night. 

"You've gotten pretty good about not having to be tied up lately, but I think for what I'm going to do to you I'd better tie you or else I think you might just go animalistic on me." She laughed. Next she told me how good the FOUR orgasms she'd given herself last night were. "Not as good as your tongue Peter, but God, I came sooo hard. The bed was soaked, in fact if you were here you could still smell my cum on the sheets. Oh Peter, this is making be very hot again. I've got an idea, hold on a sec." 

I heard her put the phone down, my heart was pounding and my cock was dripping. I realized I was rubbing my cock through the sweats I had on. What was I going to do? Soon I heard her pick up the phone, but she didn't say anything. There was a faint noise that I didn't recognize.

"Do you hear that?" she asked.

I told her I did, but I didn't know what it was. 

"Mmmm...." she moaned.

Suddenly I realized what it was I'd heard. 

"Oh God this feels good Peter. I don't think... mmmm... oh.. oh, I don't...think.. I'm .. gonna last...OH, mmm, MMM...much...mmm..MMM...LONGER!" 

With that she let out a scream. I'd just been forced to listen to Lisa cum with her vibrator and here I was with a throbbing cock and aching balls and nothing to do about it.

"Lisa, I need to go. I can't stand this any more" I groaned.

Breathlessly she said, "Okay honey, but hurry home, I can't wait for tomorrow night! Bye." With that we hung up. 

I was insane. I yanked off my sweats, flopped on the bed and began to jerk at my cock. There was no stopping. It only took a few strokes and a gusher of cum was all over the place. The second one a few minutes later felt even better and was required to fully relieve the sexual tension that had built up for nearly a week!

So that's the story behind how I came to be standing in my living room with my sexy wife holding my balls and a limp dick betraying my failure to keep my promise. I could only imagine what I was in for now.
"What did you do?" Lisa repeated "This isn't a cock that hasn't cum for almost a week, is it?" "IS IT?" she insisted. 

I felt like a little boy that had been caught being bad.

"No" I answered weakly, "it isn't."

"You broke your promise and masturbated, didn't you?"

"Yes" I whispered.

"Peter, I'm so angry, and hurt. I can't believe you did this. I wanted tonight to be so special and you've ruined it."

I felt like a real heel. I rarely break promises and it always makes me feel shitty, especially when I get caught! I could tell that Lisa was mad, but somehow I got the impression she wasn't nearly as mad as she was acting. After all, I'd obviously been set up. She assured that I would break down with her phone calls. It was clearly what she intended and expected. Nevertheless, I was sorry I'd let her down.

"I'm really sorry, Lisa. I promise I won't ever, ever do it again. Really, I won't break my promise again. I'll do anything to make it up to you." I went on for quite a while, genuinely trying to make amends.

Finally Lisa said, "Okay Peter, I'm going to give you a chance to make this up to me, us really. But first you have to also promise to follow all my instructions this week. Do you promise?"

Obviously I had no choice but to agree.

"Just saying "I'm sorry:" isn't going to cut it. Let me explain," Lisa went on "I wanted to give us both a very special evening tonight, with you terribly horny, we would both have enjoyed what I had in mind. I would have gotten to tease you and watch you truly squirm all evening and you would have ended the evening with a mind shattering orgasm, now that can't be. However, I'm GOING to get what I intended. Peter, I've never made you go a week without cumming, but this time that's exactly what is going to happen. Next Friday night I'm going to get what I had planned for tonight. Between now and then you are not going to cum. In fact, you aren't going to touch me until then, and I'm not going to touch you either. I'll find ways to make sure you're horny though (this she said with a sly grin) You're going to learn that playing with yourself isn't nearly as pleasurable as me playing with you. Finally Peter, if you ever, ever masturbate again without my permission, ... well, you will definitely regret it!"

I swore I never would, and I meant it. I felt like I was getting off pretty easy. Going without cumming for a whole week would be hard, but if it was only a week of abstinence without physical teasing I could handle it. All and all I thought I'd gotten lucky. I was wrong, as I would find out the following day.

The rest of the evening was rather normal. We had a nice dinner and chatted about our respective weeks. Both having had a long week we headed to bed rather early. As I was starting to nod off, I slid over next to Lisa and started to cuddle. 

"PETER!" she snapped.

I quickly remembered the no touching rule. Obviously she meant that quite literally. I rolled over and soon we were both asleep.

Saturday morning rolled around and was going pretty normally. We had a lot of chores and stuff to attend to and we both went about our way. Lisa seemed to be taking every opportunity to give me a flash of cleavage or bend over rather provocatively, but nothing terribly overt. Just knowing I wasn't going to get to cum for a week was a kind of teasing all in itself, but I was just going to have to deal with it. 

Right after dinner that evening Lisa said "Okay, its time for your first lesson."

I had no idea what was up, but it didn't sound good.

Lisa told me to undress, quickly. I complied. Once that was done she cuffed my hands behind my back. 

"Watch me" was all she said. 

I did, and as I did she began to slowly undress in a way designed to get me rather hot. By the time she finished I was fully hard. I could now tell this week was going to be much more difficult then I had thought. I was still underestimating her. 

Beckoning me towards the bed she pointed to a spot at the side of the mattress and said "Kneel down and put your chin right here," I did. "Now don't move and keep your eyes open and straight ahead."

I heard her open and close a couple of drawers. Soon I figured out what was coming. I started to groan. 

"What's the matter Peter. Oh, you've guessed my little surprise have you? You didn't think that I was going to just go on being horny all week because of your weakness did you?" She was giggling now.

With that she put one foot next to me and stepped over me with the other. She was now standing with her feet apart, facing out from the bed and my head was directly under her pussy. True to her word she wasn't touching me, but I was surrounded, just inches from the vee of her shapely legs and her crotch. She sat back on the bed with her lower legs hanging over. I was now looking straight at her moist slit. 

"If you'd behaved yourself this week, you be licking this instead of watching what's cumming next" (She giggle uncontrollably at that for a few seconds).
Sunday was a normal day at the beginning. I knew it wouldn't last. It was a rather warm day and late morning Lisa went in and changed into a pair of very sexy short shorts and a halter top that left nothing to the imagination. I was soon aching just from looking at her as well as my own imagination. I was sporting a near full erection and was actually oozing precum already.

It was the mental teasing that was driving me crazy. It had only been a couple of days since I came last, and my cock hadn't been touched since. Granted, having Lisa cum just inches in front of my face had exacerbated the situation, but there hadn't been any physical teasing, just mental. With Friday still five days off I was positive I'd be institutionalized before then.

All day long Lisa strutted and bounced and did everything imaginable to arouse me, while pretending to do nothing at all. I couldn't concentrate on anything. By dinner I was a complete mess. I simply didn't see how I could get through the week.

Lisa decided at dinner to tell me what I'd missed on Friday night because of my misdeeds. In detail she described stroking and licking my cock. Playing with my balls. Pushing me right to the edge over and over, only to stop and start from the beginning again once I calmed down a little. Finally to give me an earthshaking orgasm once I truly couldn't stand any more teasing.

I couldn't take any more of this. I couldn't eat. I finally excused myself from the table and went outside for some air. I realized I'd been hard most of the day and still my cock hadn't been touched since I came last.

I was drained, even though I had done nothing all day. I told Lisa I was about ready to turn in. "Okay but first we need to give you your next object lesson about the negative side of playing with yourself." This was spoken like a grade school teacher would address her class room.

I was fully dreading whatever was to come, which I was sure wouldn't be me. We went into the bedroom and it started.

Lisa told me to take off all my clothes and lay on the bed. As soon as I had, she pulled the wrist and ankle restraints out from under the bed and secured me spread eagle. She propped my head up with some pillows so I could see well. I was both curious and nervous and once again was rock hard just from know that something was coming even though I had no idea what.

Lisa began one of her strip teases. It lasted quite a while and had me very hot rather soon. As she had the night before, she got her vibrator and lubed it up. She sat down on the bed right between my legs so that her legs were over the top of mine and our crotches were about a foot apart. Once again she wasn't touching me, but was so close I could literally feel the heat from her body. I also had a very clear view of her pussy. 

She laid back and started to pleasure herself again. Soon she was moaning and humping back at the phallus she was thrusting in and out of her cunt. It was like being at a train wreck. I wanted to look away, but all I could do was stare! My cock and balls were throbbing and a large pool of precum was forming on my stomach. 

She came twice before she even slowed down. I was drenched with sweat from just watching her. I had a severe case of blue balls and my cock was literally twitching, all still without having been touched. Lisa brought herself to a third climax with torturous slowness, and then collapsed back onto the bed. As soon as Lisa calmed down a bit, she got up from the bed and took her vibrator and rubbed it under my nose. Obviously it was dripping with her juices and her scent was now filling my nose. It was almost more than I could stand.

"You're really in a bad way, aren't you?" she asked through a huge grin.

"Lisa, I've learned my lesson, REALLY I have, please don't do this any more." I was begging, I was desperate, I was truly regretting breaking my promise.

"Peter, do you want to cum so much that you would play with yourself while I watch?"

We'd never discussed this, but intuitively Lisa knew this was something I would not want to do. I'd find it embarrassing, even humiliating to beat off with her watching, but I was totally desperate right now. I hesitated for only a beat, "Yes I want to cum that much." I knew nothing less than a direct answer would have any chance of influencing her.

"Okay, I've always wanted to watch you. I'm going to release just your right hand." And with that she reached over to the head board and suddenly my right had was free. I didn't do anything for a moment. "If you don't want to use that hand, I'll tie it back up." She said sharply. I got the message. 

I started jacking off for all I was worth. It wasn't going to take long. I closed my eyes, so I didn't have to watch Lisa studying me like she was watching a sauce come to a boil. I was getting very close. It hadn't taken much, nor long under the circumstances. Suddenly I felt my hand being pulled. My eyes flew open. 

I had realized that Lisa didn't remove the wrist cuff, what I hadn't noticed was the rope still attached to it and leading to the headboard. Lisa was pulling on a rope from down near the floor, it was some kind of block and tackle arrangement that she had rigged up, and it was pulling my hand toward the headboard. (We are sailors, and Lisa is quite adept with ropes and tackle.) In a matter of seconds my ability to stroke my cock was dramatically diminished. Imagine your wrist being pulled toward your shoulder. If pulled far enough you can't even reach your cock. I was at the point where I couldn't make a fist around my cock, but could only hold it between my fingertips and my thumb. I could just stroke the head and about 1/2 inch of the shaft. As close as I was to cumming, it was making it extremely difficult to get off. I was still getting closer, but at a frustratingly slow pace.

Lisa had effectively made it so I was keeping myself right on the edge, but couldn't quite get there. She was studying my cock intently. I finally realized she wasn't going to let me cum, but was going to let me torture myself. In spite of this, I couldn't stop. There was still a chance I could make myself cum. I stroked as much as I could. It wasn't going to be enough. I felt my cock just start to spasm. Any more stimulation and I would have erupted. Lisa quickly pulled on the rope and my hand lost contact with my cock completely. I screamed "NOOOOO".

I finally opened my eyes and looked at her. She had her most evil smile in place. "God that made me hot" was all she said.

"Lisa, you said you were going to let me make myself cum. It was bad enough to do it with you watching, it wasn't fair that you made me stop!"

"No Peter, I asked you if you WANTED to cum so much you'd play with yourself while I watched. I said nothing about letting you cum. Besides what wasn't fair was that you broke your promise!"

I was aching. I'm sure that my balls were large and purple. I know they had never felt like this, not even that first weekend that Lisa took me up on my teasing and denial fantasy. I couldn't imagine this going on until Friday. Whether or not Lisa knew it, I'd already learned my lesson. I would never again break my promise about cumming by my own hand!

Lisa left the room for a while and returned ready for bed. Naked, as she normally was at bed time. She crawled into the bed and somehow found a way to be comfortable, while keeping her resolve not to touch me. She pulled the sheet over us, which would be enough on this warm evening and was soon near sleep. She hadn't bathed since her exhibition and I could still smell her sex in the air. It just further induced my lust.

I was of course wide awake and thinking that Lisa had nodded off, when she softly said, "Peter, I'm going to leave you like this for tonight because I want you to think about it, but for the rest of the week you are going to have to learn self discipline, OR ELSE!"

I didn't know what she meant, but I was sure it wasn't good! GOD I WAS HORNY!

I didn't sleep much. Monday morning rolled around and I went off to work. All day I was so distracted I couldn't concentrate on anything. It was a good thing it was going to be a light week.

When I got home that evening, I had no idea what to expect, but I knew it was going to be hard to deal with. Our evening was fairly normal and I was extremely tired, so we headed to bed rather early. Once we got to the bedroom Lisa wanted to explain the rest of the week to me.

"Peter, here are the rules for the rest of this week. You will stroke your cock exactly as I direct each night. You must follow my directions explicitly, but you must be sure not to cum. You must do whatever it takes to assure you don't cum. If you must choose between stopping or cumming, then stop. But if you do stop before I tell you to, that means one more day before you will get to cum. Understand?"

I had no option but to say yes, which I hesitantly did.

"Be sure you do understand, because if you cum, I will lock you in this chastity tube, and you won't cum for a solid month." She held up a device I'd never seen before. I could generally tell what it was and how it would work. I didn't want to know anymore than looking taught me!

I groaned out loud. It was incomprehensible. However I was sure Lisa would follow through if I allowed myself to cum.

"Okay, get undressed and lay on the bed, then lets try a little test. I want you to start beating off and don't stop until I say, but tell me when your getting close to cumming."

Every minute I was regretting more and more that I'd broken my promise the week before. I could see Lisa was very serious about teaching me a lesson I wouldn't soon forget. I was quite unhappy to be playing with myself in front of her, but clearly had no choice. As horny as I was it didn't take long before I could feel my impending orgasm. I told Lisa I was getting very close.

She was studying me closely. "Keep going" was all she said.

Soon I could barely hold back, "I really need to stop Lisa, PLEASE!" I was begging for her to let me quit. It was exactly the kind of torture Lisa had in mind, the look on her smiling face confirmed. I needed to cum in the worst way, wanted to so badly, but the consequences of doing so were too great to even contemplate. I was a quivering basket case.

"Just a little more" Lisa insisted.

"Lisa, please, please, I can't, Please!" I was sweating and shaking. I kept pumping and it took all my control not to cum at the same time. "Lisa, PLEASE LET ME STOP!" I was desperate. I knew I'd have to stop in just seconds no matter what Lisa said. I'm sure she knew this too.

"Five more strokes and you can quit" she said "they can be as slow as you want as long as you don't stop completely." She was still concentrating on my cock intently.

I had to slow way down to keep going and still not cum. I was taking about 15 seconds per stroke now. It increased the frustration significantly, but there was no way to go any faster and not cum. Finally I finished the five stokes and collapsed. I was drenched in sweat and shaking. My cock was pulsing and twitching and still oozing a steady stream of precum even though it wasn't even being touched.

"Wow, that was really hot" Lisa exclaimed "Now just two more strokes and we'll be finished for tonight."

"Lisa, please, I can't" I begged.

"Right this second or we add a day!" she insisted.

I managed to get through two more, but it was sure Hell!

"Peter, I'm going to see to it that you NEVER think about breaking your promise again. You are beginning to see that masturbating isn't a good thing after all, aren't you?"

I assured her I'd learned my lesson. I had no misguided believe that she would relent. She didn't.

"As the week goes on this will get more and more difficult, and I'll push you much harder than tonight. I took it easy since it was the first time."

With that Lisa got ready for bed. If this was taking it easy, I knew I had no chance to make it all week.


She started to work the vibrator in and out. She was doing what she always insists I do, fucking her slowly. With great deliberation. She was PLEASURING herself. I was panting by this time. She was slowly stoking the lifelike cock in and out, in and out. It was humming furiously. It was making her phone call on Thursday night seem like looking at an ad for swimsuits! 

Watching her cunt pulse around the soft rubber cock was terrible. But listening to the slurping sounds, and seeing and especially smelling her juices run , was driving me insane!

"Oh God this feels good! Ummm.. Ohhh... YES!" with that she came for the first time. 

She didn't slow down. My cock was twitching by now. She gave herself two more. She was quite mellow, obviously. 

After many minutes she finally spoke, "Mmm, WOW, that was quite nice. Stand up!" It wasn't a request. "Normally, I'd at least check to see how full they are, but ... you know the rules" 

My balls were aching, my need to cum.. great. I couldn't imagine waiting a week before I'd cum again.

As if reading my mind, Lisa said "Peter, you are going to learn not to touch yourself without my permission. This is going to be very, very difficult. But you Fucked Up, and you know it! You have only just begun to learn how bad."

Now I was scared!

We went off to bed, but it was quite a long time before I could sleep.

Tuesday was worse than Monday, I couldn't concentrate on anything.

As soon as I walked through the door Lisa wanted to talk. "Peter there is something I need to hear from you. You would never lie to me, would you?"

"Lisa, you know I wouldn't! You know I never have, and I never will!" I meant every word. I never had, and I never would, no matter what!

"Peter, when did you cum last?" I was confused and taken aback at this question.

"You know very well the answer to that" I replied.

"Answer me!" she insisted.

"Okay, last Thursday night in my hotel." I answered sheepishly.

Now I understood. This was Lisa's way of telling me that I'd never get away with this again. She was going to ask me this question regularly. She knew I'd answer honestly, so I was between the veritable rock and hard place.

Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday, Lisa was true to her word. Each night she made it harder on me, picking up where she'd left off the night before. Tuesday she made me stroke myself right to the point where one more stroke and I'd have cum. Then she'd let me rest just a few minutes and I'd have to do several more strokes. Lisa had become extremely proficient at telling exactly how much I could take without cumming, and she was pushing me to the very edge repeatedly. Thursday night was the worst of all. She put me through a "treatment" as she'd started calling it, before dinner and another one again right after dinner. By the time we retired Thursday night I was a complete mess.

Lisa had definitely made her point. I'd spent much of each evening this week begging her to let me stop playing with my own cock. Keeping myself at the edge of cumming for long periods of time with my own hand, yet completely out of control. My cock had twitched and spasmed without cumming more in a few nights than I could ever remember happening before. At this moment I felt like I never wanted to touch my cock again. That, of course, was exactly the point. I had managed to get through the whole week without having to stop before Lisa told me too. At least this would end on Friday.

Friday at work was a total blur. All I could do was think about that evening. Knowing it would be Hell for me, but with little idea of the details. And is spite of what I knew was coming, I couldn't wait to get home.

The moment I walked in the door it was a near replay of one week before. "Okay drop your pants" were the first words out of Lisa's mouth. This time, however I wasn't so surprised. Without saying anything I simply complied.

After the last week, my cock was semi hard before I even had my pants down. This brought a wicked smile to Lisa's lips. Lisa gently grabbed my balls and started to feel them. Unlike the week before, I became rock hard instantly. 

"This is much more like it" Lisa said, "this is the way a cock that hasn't cum for a while should behave. Now we are going to both enjoy this evening."

I couldn't help but think that my 'enjoyment' would be quite a bit different than Lisa's.

My cock was already throbbing and my balls aching from their fullness. Lisa continued to gently massage them, one with each hand. Shortly she began to rub that most sensitive spot right below the head with her thumbs at the same time. This is one of her most frustrating tricks. Normally she can do this for rather long periods. It gets me right to the edge, but by altering the pressure and speed of her motion, she can continue this without making me cum, but keeping me right on the verge. In my current condition, however, I wouldn't last long!

Without ever letting go of my balls, she maneuvered us both so she could sit comfortably in a chair. Her face at the exact height of my crotch so she could intently study my reactions. This was a bad sign for me, as it indicated her intent to keep this up for some time. I was soon nearly shaking, if she didn't stop I was going to cum. I hoped that was what she had in mind, but didn't really believe it was. I was right, just as my cock started to spasm, she removed her thumbs from my cock. I groaned loudly. She keep up her gently massaging of my balls though. No matter how horny I am, I've never been able to cum from just having my testicles stimulated, but it certainly makes them ache a lot and keeps me very close at the same time.

"Oh God, baby, PLEASE don't stop" I begged. "I need to cum so badly, please Lisa, I've learned my lesson, I will never do it again. Please make me cum" I was pleading now, truly desperate after the week I'd been through.

"Yes Peter, I can feel how full your balls are. You must really need to cum badly. And please do go ahead and beg, it excites me all the more! You never know, I might even listen and give in!" she giggle as she said the last.

I was sure she wouldn't, but I started to plead even more on the chance it might work. What it did instead was increase her assault on my nuts. As often as I could take it, she would again use her thumbs in the same way, stopping only when I was within a second or two of cumming, and starting up again as soon as she knew I wouldn't shoot right away.

I don't know how many times, nor how long this went on, but I was Jell-O when she finally stopped.

We took a break for a light dinner and then it was off to the bedroom for the rest of the night. Lisa decided she wanted to secure me to the bed. She said she was afraid I couldn't control myself for what she had in mind given my condition. This sounded bad! Once I was secure Lisa told me she was so horny she couldn't wait any longer. She also said that how long I'd have to wait to cum would depend on how good a job I did with my tongue. That said, she straddled my head and lower her pussy to my face. Naturally I did the best job I possibly could. I licked and sucked and teased and slowly but steadily built her to not one, but two orgasms. She collapsed more or less on top of me. She just laid there for a while, her sopping pussy inches from my face. Her warm breath caressing my cock. While I just ached for more of her touch. As she began to recover, she slipped my cock into her mouth and just held it there. Occasionally licking the head, but mostly just holding it. It was SOOO maddening.

Finally she got up. "Okay, I think you've suffered enough, its time." I could hardly believe it. I was ecstatic. She knelt between my legs, poured oil in her palms and started to slowly stroke my very rigid cock. It felt wonderful. I was finally able to enjoy the sensations, knowing it was FINALLY building up to me cumming. "Don't smile TOO hard Peter, this is still going to last a while!" she giggled.

I didn't care, my balls were boiling by now and I could feel that wonderful build up. Oh yes, Lisa was making it last and going very slow, but it was continuing to build. My God that woman can do things to my cock!

She was slowly but constantly pushing me toward my reward. At that moment, the week of suffering was worth it. I was so ready to cum. She was looking me right in the eyes and smiling. Most importantly she was stroking my cock nice and steady. It was only a matter of a few more strokes. I was so very close. 

The phone rang. She stopped and moved to answer it. "NO! For God sake NO, don't answer that!" I was thrashing, at least as much as I could tied the way I was. Three or four more strokes and I would have cum. DAMN, I was so frustrated I was quivering.


"Be quiet, if you interrupt me while I'm on the phone, you'll wait until tomorrow, understand!" she said sternly. It wasn't a question. I bit my tongue and was quiet.

"Hello"

"Kathy, how are you? I haven't heard from you for days, what's up"

I groaned softly. Kathy was Lisa's best friend. A very sexy best friend too, I might add. But it meant this conversation could be a long one.

"No nothing special. Peter has had a very stressful week and we're just relaxing this evening." - RIGHT!, I thought.

They chatted on for a while, I didn't know or care about what. Lisa was caressing my balls non stop and would occasionally brush her hand over my cock. It was all I could do to keep from screaming. 

"Oh Peter thinks he's going to get lucky tonight, but I haven't decided for sure if he will. You know what a complete bitch I can be if I want" she laughed. 

I actually started to panic. What if she meant that. What if she was going to make me wait after all. I nearly blacked out.

"Oh no, he's right here. You should see the look I just got." 

In spite of everything else, that embarrassed me to the point I could feel myself turn bright red!

"Okay, but I really need to run. I was right in the middle of something. Okay, I'll talk to you in a day or two, bye!"

Later I would come to believe that this had been a complete setup. For one thing, the call came exactly on the hour. I'm sure Lisa had put Kathy up to it and I would later find out that Kathy knew much more about our situation then I'd ever imagined.

She started to massage my nuts again, for serious. "Should I be a real bitch?" she asked with a huge smile.

I started to beg. "Lisa, please DON'T do this, please make me cum, please!"

"Oh Peter, you know I will. You've learned your lesson I'm sure. Now I'm going to untie you and I want you to make love to me. I'd suggest you don't cum before I do however!" This last comment was made with a Cheshire Cat grin. But I knew she was serious.

Having cum twice not long ago, and knowing she would hold off as long as she could, I was feeling ill at ease. Could I keep from cumming the second I slid my cock into her warm, tight cunt.

She released me and I entered her immediately. I concentrated very hard to avoid cumming until she did. Fortunately for me, she was totally turned on by the whole scene and came rather soon. The second she did I exploded inside her. It was one of the most intense orgasms of my life.

We just held each other, and were soon falling asleep, both with very large smiles on our faces.

The end



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Peter_


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





