BDSM Library - Friday Night 




Friday Night 
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Lisa teases and denies Peter and introduces a chastity cage!         






It was a night I wouldn't forget soon. It would change everything. It was a Friday. It started as many other 'non-work evenings'. On nights when we don't have to work the next day, we would occasionally have special, 'play' nights. Our favorite (since it was my favorite, I assumed it was Lisa's too) was me licking my very sexy wife to a shuddering orgasm, then we would cuddle while she recovered. After that, she would tease my cock for a while, until I, 'couldn't stand it anymore' and then I'd get my orgasm. Usually Lisa on top of me, fucking me, but sometimes it would be a handjob or a blowjob. In any case it usually happened when I said I couldn't stand any more of her teasing. Which was always long before it was true. 

This particular Friday started out like any other play night. We had a nice dinner with some wine. Just enough to be mellow, but not smashed. About nine we headed to the bedroom and undressed. I lit a candle and turned out all the lights. After a few minutes of holding each other and kissing, I worked my tongue's way to her lovely twat. But, after I licked her to what was a much more intense orgasm than usual, and we cuddled for a long while, she did something I often ask for, but she rarely does. And this time I didn't even mention it. She asked me to get out the restraints. Long ago I'd rigged up a way for her to tie me to our king-size bed. I made it so she could pull the rope loops out from under the mattress, and clip the wrist and ankle restraints to them. Once she had me comfortably, but very securely spread eagled, face up on the bed, things took a serious turn. 

She didn't say anything at first, she just started slowly stroking my already very hard cock. This part was normal. Then everything changed. While just brushing my cock very lightly, she said: "I was using your computer today, and I came across those websites you tried to hide".

I panicked so much that my cock wilted! "Whaat, er what do you mean?" I stuttered. 

She started to stroke my cock again and didn't say anything until it was quite hard once more. "Those orgasm denial sites you evidently frequent. I found them in your favorites files. What makes me so angry" she told me, "is not that you go there, but that you never were truly honest with me!"

I didn't know what to say, so in true male idiocy I said, "I didn't think you would understand!"

In simple female logic, she said, "So then why have you been trying to get me to do this for so long, without explaining it to me?"

I was speechless.

"Don't bother to answer" she said, "you were afraid you couldn't take what it was you thought you wanted! And you were, right. I'm going to show you that now. First let me tell you, I am pissed! Second, I'm going to give you the chance to have your fantasy lived out whenever I want, or never again. It will be up to you. 

"I'm pissed, because you didn't trust me. It will be a lot of work for me to train you the way you think you want. So you only get one chance to choose. I think I know how it will end up." She said this final comment with an evil look that actually scared me! 

All this time she had been touching and stroking my cock, ever so gently. It was drooling copious amounts of precum by now. "For the next 24 hours, you are going to be made to need to cum more than you ever have in your whole life, but you won't. Whether or not you get to cum at the end of it, depends on you. 

"Let me give you the first example." With no further comment, she began to stroke my cock very, very slowly. Just barely enough friction to move me toward orgasm. This must have taken about 20 minutes, but finally I could feel the cum starting to boil in my balls. I was thrusting and humping, and just about to cum when she started to do very short strokes just under the head. About 1/2 inch long, driving me wild. But too slow and loose to get me off. She finally started to increase both the intensity and speed until I was ready to shoot. 

All the while I was thrashing and begging her to finish me. I heard sounds come out of my mouth that I never imagined. Just as I started to scream "YES, YES" she stopped touching my cock and took hold of my balls. VERY gently massaging them. She did this for several minutes as I yelled, "NO, NO". She knows that when I'm very close to cumming, massaging my balls makes them ache, but isn't enough stimulation for me to cum. 

Finally she stopped touching me all together. I said "Okay, you win. I can't take what I always thought I wanted." 

She stabbed me in the heart by saying, "We don't know that yet! You aren't even through the first hour, and I told you that this is a 24 hour test! On that point you have no choice." 

She let me cool down for a few minutes while she went to get a glass of wine. By the time she returned I had begun to soften, but just slightly. "That will never do." she said smiling, "I want you constantly hard." She stuck her fingers in the wine and dripped several drops on my cock and balls. Then she began licking the drops off, one by one. She would just touch them with the tip of her tongue and flick them, until every one was gone and of course my cock was rock hard again. She set the wine aside and started to seriously suck my cock while again giving my balls a gentle finger massage. Now Lisa is an extraordinary cock sucker and can have me cumming in her talented mouth within a matter of minutes. What I was about to learn was that she could use that talent in another way too. To keep me almost cumming for a very long time. After only a short period of this I was once again on the very edge, but just before I could get off she would stop sucking and hold my cock by the base making it point straight up. Then she would pretend it was an ice cream cone and lick all around the head, then up the underside, then around the head again. All this done very, very slowly so as to keep me right on the edge, but not anything more. 

By this time I was literally begging to cum, and uncontrollably thrusting my hips at thin air. I kept repeating over and over how badly I needed to cum and begging her to finish me off. She finally paused with her mouth, but kept lightly running her fingers all over my cock and balls. "Do you really need to come or do you just want to cum?" she asked with a little giggle. Naturally I insisted that I really needed to cum. She just kept stroking as she added "You know, this is really making me horny. So horny that its all I can do to keep from putting that rock hard cock deep in my pussy. But since you could never last long enough to satisfy me in your present condition, I have a better idea." 

With that, she slowly straddled my head with her legs and lowered her pussy onto my mouth. "If you do a good job, I might get distracted enough to make a mistake and push you over the edge." She then began to suck my cock once more. 

That was all the encouraging that I needed. I attacked her clit with my tongue like a wild man. As I did she began to suck harder and faster. The closer I got, the more I tongued her clit and pussy. The more I licked the more she sucked. In my crazed state I thought that it might really be true that she would lose her focus and make me cum. I did everything I could to make that happen. I was right at the verge of erupting (which I now realize she was absolutely aware of, in fact knowing that and the power she had I'm sure is what pushed her over the top) when she screamed in release and collapsed on the bed next to me. Leaving my cock just bobbing in the air, unattended. 

I'm pretty sure I actually started to sob in frustration at this point. But Lisa was oblivious as she came down from her orgasmic high. She just laid there with her leg over my chest, her pussy right in my face and her head on my thigh just breathing on my cock. I could feel her breath on my crotch as if it were a blow torch. At the time I thought she was truly in her own world, but it was only my state of mind that didn't understand the sight and smell of her juicy cunt and her breathing right on my cock were totally calculated for the effect they were having. 

Lisa slowly came back into the picture, mine not hers, I now realize. She looked at me with a very mischievous smile and said "you never really answered my question". I must admit, at this point I had no idea what she was talking about. I said so. "I asked you if you needed to cum or just wanted to" she replied. "Of course you immediately said yes, but that wasn't really an answer. So now, I'm asking you again; do you need to cum or just want to?" 

I replied that I definitely needed to. Here is another point where things changed. My mind was mush at this point, so of course I had no idea of where Lisa was coming from. But she hadn't just discovered my favorite sites earlier this day, she had known for quite some time, and had been intrigued enough to do some serious homework. 

"Lisa, I've never needed to cum more in my whole life!" I exclaimed.

She just smiled at me, then after a long pause she said "No, you've never WANTED to cum more, but we are now talking about need. I don't think you know the difference. You need to start to be honest with both of us, so I'm going to ask you a question that I want you to answer in a totally honest way. If you don't, we will both seriously regret it." 

She paused for a long time. I had no idea what this was about. Finally she asked me "Peter, you don't want me to stop teasing you do you? You want me to keep teasing you without letting you cum, right?" And then she stopped and waited for me to respond.

I'll never know how long it took. It seemed like days, though I'm sure it was only minutes, maybe even only seconds. There was no other answer I could give. She had seen into my soul and she knew it. Finally I confessed, "Yes, I want you to keep teasing me. Please don't let me cum until you know I really can't take it any more." In the seconds that it took for me to say those words, we both knew our lives had permanently changed. 

"Peter, I wouldn't deserve your love and trust if I let you cum before you really need to. Or before I really want you to" she said with a grin that once again scared me. "Which ever comes last!" And then she laughed out loud! 

"Its getting late and I'm getting quite tired, but I'm very wet and horny again." With that Lisa once again lowered her moist lips to my face. My mind was numb, but I knew I must give her pleasure. I tried my best to give her the most intense orgasm ever. As I ministered to her sopping wet cunt, I realized that my rock hard rod was getting even harder despite the fact that it had been some time since she had even touched it. 

Throughout this licking, she never touched my cock. She just sat on my face and enjoyed. It took a long time for her to get off. And she slumped down on me and held me after. Sleepily she said, "We are making progress here. You have come a long way (she started to giggle helplessly), well maybe not come, but made progress" she laughed "in any case, you have earned a final treat for the evening." 

She reached over to the night stand and retrieved a bottle of baby oil. She dripped some on my semi-hard shaft. By now I knew cumming wasn't going to happen tonight, so I couldn't figure out the 'treat'. Lisa started stroking me. As she did she added more oil, so the lubrication was high and the friction was low. She gave me ten very firm, fast, full strokes. "Do you remember the page in Joy of Sex that you dog eared?" she asked? "Dr. Comfort says that a man can't stand more than about 10 minutes of 'Slow Masturbation'. I think more like 45 would be the right time, what do you think?"

I involuntarily groaned. "No, please" I begged, "Please don't do this." 

She just smiled again, and poured a bit more oil on my cock. "You already told me this is what you want." Ignoring my pleadings, she spent the next hour (she later told me how long this session was) giving my cock 10 hard, fast strokes alternating with 10 slow ones. Sometimes the slow ones would be hand over hand, from tip to base. Sometimes the opposite. When I got very close, Lisa would wrap her left hand around the shaft of my cock very firmly which would make the head bloat even more and turn a darker shade of purple. Then she would pour a bit more oil in her right palm and slowly and gently rotate her palm clockwise over the head, being sure to just graze the glans. 

At the end of this session Lisa simply took my balls in her hand and held them. "OOOH, I think you really have a case of blue balls here." Then she giggled again and cuddled up next to me. She pulled the covers over us, draped her leg over my thigh, laid her forearm over my cock and sighed deeply. "I'm worn out" she said, "I need some rest." After a few minutes I thought she might have drifted off, but she stirred and whispered in my ear "Well babe, how do you feel after your first three hours, its just midnight you know." I groaned loudly. "Do you remember what I said about the end of the 24 hours?" I muttered that I wasn't sure I did (How could I?). "I said you MIGHT get to cum. It depends on you." Exhausted as I was, I nearly yelled asking what she was talking about. "Shh, its late and we need our sleep, tomorrow is a long day" was the only response I got. 
She snuggled up next to me, her head on my shoulder, her leg over my thigh and her hand laying on my cock. At first she lightly drummed her fingers on my cock, but soon she had that relaxed non-movement of sleep. Her hand was still resting on my cock. Lisa is normally a very light sleeper, but I assumed she was tired out and would sleep very soundly for at least a while. I waited, making sure she would be deep asleep before I initiated my plan. In my current state, it wouldn't take much stimulation to get me off. I knew that just a few minutes of slowly humping myself against her palm would do it. Knowing how light a sleeper she is, I also knew I'd have to be very careful not to wake her up, no matter how tired she was. I waited what seemed like an eternity, and finally she was breathing very deep and regular. Slowly I started to thrust against her hand. I had to be sure to move as little as possible, but enough to effect my shaft being stroked. It wasn't easy, but it was working. I could feel myself building to an explosive orgasm. It would only take a few more strokes now. I was being very careful not to change my pace for fear (no terror) of waking Lisa. I couldn't have been more than a stroke or two away and she moved ever so slightly. Her hand slid down my shaft (which nearly made me cum all by itself) and her hand closed firmly but gently around my nuts. She squeezed ever so slightly and her head moved so her mouth was right next to my ear. First she licked my ear canal, then she whispered, "If you keep that up you'll never get any sleep" 

She moved her head back to my shoulder and laid her hand on my thigh, well clear of my cock and balls. Soon she was sound asleep again. I was insane. After a while her hand was back on my cock. How it got there I don't even know. I tried my futile attempt to hump her hand twice more. With almost exactly the same results. The final attempt ended with Lisa stroking my cock slowly and firmly for about two minutes, one more time bringing me tantalizingly close to my desire. Then she simply stopped and said "If you don't stop that, I'm not going to give you any peace at all. Now take advantage of this rest period and try to sleep!" 

I began to think that I'd better do as she said. I obviously was not going to be successful at getting my rocks off, and it began to occur to me that if I pushed too far, I'd end up with even bigger regrets than I already had. 

I tried to relax. I slept very fitfully off and on the rest of the night. I had no sense of time and dozed and woke repeatedly. Every now and then Lisa would give my cock a short dose of stimulation, which had the effect of keeping me in an almost constant state of erection and my balls throbbing with a dull ache. When daylight started to show at the windows I felt wasted and exhausted, even though I knew I'd slept some, but clearly not much. 

Lisa is usually a late sleeper on weekends and between the combination of several orgasms and staying up late, it was well after 9:00 when she finally stirred. I'd been wide awake for some time. However, given the expectation I held for the day, I was glad to delay its start as long as possible. Finally awake, Lisa went to her dresser and was getting something out of her drawer. I couldn't see what. She held it behind her as she came back to the bed. "I know that ultimately you will learn some self control" she said, "but if I turn you loose now, there is no way you will refrain from jerking off". I insisted that she was wrong, but of course she knew better! Finally she showed me what she had. 

At first I didn't know what it was, but then I soon realized it was some kind of a cock-cage. Lisa was taking no chances. She place the cage over my fairly flaccid cock and my scrotum. The straps went around the top of each thigh, there was also a waist strap that went just above my butt. The straps were very snug and Kevlar type material that assured the only way to remove this device was to use the key (oh yes, there was a rather stout padlock holding the whole thing in place). Lisa assured me that the key was somewhere I'd never find it. The device wasn't particularly uncomfortable, in fact it was big enough I could probably get a near full erection before it would get tight, but there was absolutely no way I could get any stimulation to my cock. 

"Here is how today is going to go. You are going to be completely naked all day. You are going to wear that cage except when you are restrained, which will be most of the time today. If you don't do exactly what I tell you, you will not be allowed to cum at the end of the day and while I'll have to let you remove this by Monday if you don't behave, you won't be getting any orgasms from me for at least a solid month. "Do you understand?" 

"Yes" was my only possible response. 

"Go fix us something to eat, you'll need your strength!" 

I went straight to the kitchen and fixed us a breakfast of coffee and croissant with fresh fruit. I would have opted for bacon and eggs, but Lisa would much prefer this. It seemed smart to make any points I could. Her constant reference to the possibility of not getting to cum at the end of the day had my attention. I was determined to please her in every way I could so as to avoid that fate. 

Other than the fact that I was sitting at the table completely naked except for my cock cage, this could have been a normal weekend morning, sitting at breakfast just chatting. Lisa was wearing a short silk robe, open enough to show her very ample cleavage, and the material is thin enough that her nipples poking sharply through it gave away her level of excitement not normally present at breakfast on a Saturday morning after a previous night of lovemaking. Lisa was obviously very turned on by the situation and thoroughly enjoying it all. 

"I am so turned on that I'll never be able to concentrate if I don't cum first. So get over here and lick me, NOW!" Immediately I was on my knees at the dining room table, licking my wife's cunt for all I was worth. My cock was straining against the cock cage. I focused all my attention to Lisa's impending orgasm and soon felt her thighs clasping my head as she shuddered and drenched my face in her juices. She tasted delicious and her aroma increased my ache to yet a higher level. Finally she slumped in the chair. 

After a minute or two she told me to go get the wrist restraints from the bedroom. By the time I returned she seemed recovered. She had me turn around and she secured my wrists firmly together behind my back. That done, she left the room telling me to wait. She returned with the key and removed the cage. My cock sprang to full erection. She grabbed it like a handle and we headed toward the bathroom. 

Lisa adjusted the water temp and we both stepped into the large stall shower. She said nothing, just started soaping herself all over. Soon she was giving her tits a special cleaning, pinching and rolling her nipples with her thumbs and forefingers, pulling them right at me. By the time she moved to her pussy, her nipples were sticking out further than I'd ever seen. She stared straight into my eyes and smiled as she worked her fingers in her cunt. I kept looking from her face to her crotch. Finally my eyes were glued to her hands as one held open her lips and the other pulled, twisted and stroked her clit. Before long she was moaning and cumming again. She sagged against the shower wall and let the water just flow over her. 

In a minute she looked at me and said, "I can't believe how much this is turning me on! I haven't cum this much in years." It was true, since our very early days together I couldn't remember her cumming more than twice in a day. I'd lost track of how many times she had cum in the last 12 or so hours. I think she had too. 

"Now its your turn" she announced. The look on my face must have been one of ecstasy because she immediately started laughing hard. "No, not to cum you idiot, to get clean!" With that she began to lather me up all over, shampoo, underarms, everywhere...except my cock or balls. She took every opportunity to rub her tits against me and gave special attention to my ass and thighs. Every once in a while she would brush my cock or balls with her arm or leg, but never really touch them. 

"Almost done," she giggled "just a couple of more spots." My nipples were next, she lathered them well and then after rubbing them with the palm of her hand, then her finger tips and finally rolling them pinchingly with her thumb and forefinger, she flicked at them with her nails while she directed the water to rinse me. 

"Only one thing left," she intoned, "you didn't think I'd ignore that did you?" I groaned, certain she wasn't going to ignore 'that' but the show she had put on so far had me so close to the edge of orgasm without her having touched me there I was sure it would be agony when she finally did. I was right. 

She began lathering up my scrotum. She gently soaped my balls over and over. Giving them her tortuous massage. The precum was again flowing steadily from the head of my cock and my balls truly ached. "Please, Lisa, please! I'll do ANYTHING, ANYTHING at all, but please make me cum. I can't stand anymore!" I begged.

"Oooh, I love hearing you beg like that, you don't have to stop." I didn't. I went on for about five minutes, giving it all that I had. Mostly repeating the same thing over and over. She just kept massaging my balls and saying nothing. 

Finally she gave my cock a few slow strokes, lathering it. That was nearly enough to make me cum at this point. Then she stopped and looked me in the eyes. "Would you really do anything?" she asked, her tits rubbing my chest. My cock touching her belly. 

I almost screamed "Yes, anything!"

"Would you agree to letting me do this once every week if I let you cum now?" 

"YES!"

"How about twice a week?"

"YES!"

"Will you lick me off whenever I want?"

"YES!"

"Will you promise never to masturbate again, unless I tell you to?"

"YES!" 

She went on like this for a little while, asking me if I would do more and more things that gave her control of both of our sex lives. She knew at this point I would say yes to anything, and I would have. Essentially I had agreed to let her completely control our sex life from now on. 

"Okay" she said, and began to stroke my cock very slowly.

I was delirious. I'd won. I'd have to let her control our sex life, but that wouldn't be so bad. I was going to get to cum, and right NOW! 

I relaxed and just enjoyed her gentle strokes. The cum was boiling in my balls now and just a few more strokes and I would explode. My balls tightened and just as I was about to erupt, Lisa stopped.

"NO!" I screamed, "you SAID okay. I promised I'd do anything!" 

"Peter, you didn't think I meant okay, you could cum now, did you?" she said with that evil grin she was wearing more often. "I meant, okay, I'm going to let you do anything I want in order to earn your orgasm, so far you've just promised. It would be far too easy for you to change your mind after I make you cum. Besides its only noon and that means you have at least nine more hours. During those nine hours you will do ANYTHING I ask, or you won't cum then either. Is that clear?" 

She didn't wait for an answer, she started to explain a new set of rules. I had to earn 100 points by 9:00 that night if I was to be allowed to cum. Points would be earned for doing things she directed and could be lost for 'inappropriate' behavior or responses. As she dried us both off, she informed me that if I refused to do anything she thought of, the game was over and there would be no orgasm, period. 

As she finished drying us both she smiled broadly and exclaimed "I know, at least 25 of the points will have to be your idea. Something I find exciting, but didn't think of myself." She seamed very enthused about this idea, too enthused I feared. 

Lisa told me she was going to give me an easy assignment for the first one. Something I could build up some points with and get off to a good start. By now my cock had softened enough for her to put the cock cage back on, which she did. "I need to release your hands for this and I know that the temptation to masturbate is more than you can handle yet. I want a massage, a total body massage. 30 minutes and you earn 10 points, plus a 5 point bonus or penalty depending on how well you do." 

She set a timer and laid face down on the bed. I started at her feet and did my very best. By the time I worked up her legs and began on her ass cheeks she was purring softly. Rubbing her tight white mounds while my cock was isolated from any stimulation was Hell. The slight restriction from the cage was making it impossible to mentally put aside the ache in my balls, yet I had to concentrate on the job at hand. I had to earn all 15 points, because I instinctively knew that it would get harder to accumulate points as the day went on.

When I had worked my way to her neck, Lisa flipped over and I started at her feet again. When I reached her crotch, I lingered on her pussy until it was quite wet and she was definitely responding. I then started to work my way up again, but put one knee between her legs in such a way as to maintain stimulation. By the time I got to her breasts she was humping my leg. I worked on her erect nipples a bit, but my 30 minutes was almost up and I knew I needed to return to her cunt if I were to earn maximum points. I was stoking her G spot and literally jacking off her swollen clit when she started her orgasmic shudder. Seconds later the timer went off. "YES" I screamed inside my head. She slumped, and relaxed, but the smile on her face was reassurance I had done well. 

After a few minutes of recovery she told me I had done very well, In fact I'd earned 3 bonus points for the orgasm. However, I'd also received 4 penalty points for not allowing enough time for her tits, which I know she loves to have licked and massaged. She informed me that I needed to understand that earning 100 points wasn't going to be easy. "It is just after noon so you need another 91 points in less than eight hours." I obviously looked puzzled because I knew the 24 hours wasn't up until 9:00. "Oh yeah, I forgot to tell you that you need to earn all the points before 8, because I have something very special in mind for your last hour...whether or not you've earned 100 points!" she grinned. 

"Now I told you I was going to give you an easy start, and I have, you've earned 9 points in just 30 minutes and it wasn't even much of a challenge. This next one is going to be a bit tougher I'm afraid". The door to our bedroom is a large double door affair. Lisa had rigged up a way to tie me spread eagle in the doorway, standing up, which she did. I was facing into the room, quite unable to move. She wheeled up in her desk chair which put her face almost even with my stomach. As she removed the cock cage she explained our next "game". 

"I'm going to put a clock where only I can see it" she began "Then I'm going to start massaging your balls. Oh, occasionally I might have to lick or touch your cock to keep you right on the edge of cumming, but I'm getting awfully good at telling just how much you can take without going over the edge, so you don't need to worry" she laughed. She finished the explanation by telling me that she would continue until I asked her to stop. I could say stop at any time and she would. Here is the diabolical part, the game started with the score minus 10, I would earn one point for every minute with a maximum score of plus 10, but I'd have to guess at the time. If I stopped too soon, I'd lose those valuable points, which she assured me were going to get harder and harder to earn. But if I went past the necessary 20 minutes, I'd be suffering for no additional gain as well as both wasting time and making the future games even more difficult to endure. 

She set up the clock out of my view and began by sucking my cock deep and hard as she started the ball massage. 

Almost immediately I was on the verge of cumming. In addition to making my ache nearly unbearable, this also had the effect of making it impossible for me to have any idea of time. I had never experienced frustration like this. All I could think about was cumming. My balls felt so full that I thought they might burst. And just as soon as Lisa could tell that she could give me the slightest amount of stimulation (and she was becoming an expert at that) she would give my cock a single stroke, or a lick, or even one fast suck. The onslaught was non-stop. She never stopped massaging my balls for a second, but also stimulated my cock to the point that I was just on the verge of cumming the whole while. 

Soon I realized I had no idea how long this had been going on, none! My balls ached so bad I thought I'd go insane. And she just kept massaging them. We could both feel them getting fuller and fuller. "I had no idea that it would turn me on this much to keep you frustrated like this" she said "God this is fun, I'm going to enjoy the rest of today more than I could have imagined!" She kept me within a single stroke of cumming, but never let up on the assault on my nuts. I knew I couldn't stop until I'd earned the 10 points, but I had no idea where I might be in the process.

Finally I blurted out "STOP." I don't know why, I hadn't thought about the time, nothing. I just couldn't take any more. I could barely stand. 

Lisa acted as if she just noticed I was there. "My, you certainly are leaking here" she giggled. That was an understatement. I was flowing precum like a leaky faucet. She put her index finger at the base of my cock and slowly ran it right up to my pee hole. Of course her finger was dripping my cum at that point. She held it up to my lips and said, "Suck." My hesitance was obvious. "Minus one point for being reluctant, I know you won't refuse, but how many points do you want to lose before you comply?" she said harshly. I immediately sucked her finger dry! 

"My hands are a mess" she said. With that she held her hand in front of my face her fingers spread wide. Her message was obvious. I quickly started licking and sucking her fingers clean. I didn't want to lose any more points. As I licked her right hand she was gently massaging my cock with her left. Once I had thoroughly cleaned her right, she switched, as I cleaned her left the right was at my penis. Once again it was hard to concentrate as I was at the edge of orgasm. If I thrust or in anyway tried to increase the stimulation however, she would just stop until I was still. We went through this twice with each hand before she finally stopped. 

By this point I could barely stand. My need to cum was unbelievable and my balls were so full it felt like black and blue balls was the right expression. I was beginning to think I'd never be able to make it until evening. Regaining a small amount of composure, I thought to ask "How long did I make it?" 

"You did very well actually, you lasted 24 minutes, I was very impressed" Lisa replied. Damn, I thought, that was sure a wasted four minutes. "Too bad you hesitated, you still only earned 9 points."

I replied, somewhat whinny, "What about the hand licking, how many points was that worth?"

"Why, none! Not everything you do earns points silly. Besides, if you don't stop whining you're going to lose another point!" With that I shut up. 

While Lisa was putting my cock back in it's cage, she told me it was time to give my poor little penis a rest. Now, I was to come up with a challenge that I could do with the cage on. She warned me that if she considered it too easy, or if I gave it too many points, I would earn no points but would have to complete it anyway. I started to think. 

I took a deep breath and started. I knew what I was about to suggest would be a true challenge, but I also knew that if I tried to wuss out I'd end up with no more points. It hadn't been all that long since Lisa's last orgasm, but it was very obvious that she was extremely turned on by this whole event, so I plunged ahead. 

"How about if you leave on the cock cage and restrain my hands behind my back, then you lay on the bed and let me make you cum with just my mouth and tongue. If I can make you cum in five minutes or less I earn 10 points. For every minute over 5 you subtract one point. If it takes more than 15 minutes, I'll actually lose points" I pointed out, hoping she'd see that I was trying to play fair. 

"Not bad" she said, "I'm so horny that whatever you did was going to have me cumming again! However, you've made it too easy. I can see you were trying though, so instead of going ahead, but not earning any points, I'm going to change it a bit. You need to know that this is the last time I'm going to do that today. You're going to have to push yourself further from now on or pay the price, clear?"

"Yes" I replied. 

"Okay, here's how its going to work. We'll do as you said except you are going to continue until I cum twice, no matter how long it takes. If you make me cum the first time within THREE minutes you earn the 10 points, for every minute the first one takes past 3, you lose a point. The second orgasm is an all or nothing bonus opportunity. If I cum twice in 15 minutes you'll earn a 5 point bonus. If the second one takes more than 15 minutes total, no points for that. Okay?"

As if I had a choice. 

I knew Lisa was very turned on, but this was going to be a huge challenge. I realized I would be lucky to earn any points at all, as I'm sure she did too. "At least let me use my hands too?" I asked.

"No way" she laughed, "that would be way too easy."

I didn't agree, but knew enough not to push it. 

Off to the bedroom we went. As she laid back on our bed, I tried for one more concession to make my task easier. "How about putting a couple of pillows under your butt, so I can really get at your pussy?" "Please!" I added. Somewhat to my surprise, she agreed. 

When she was comfortably ready, she glanced at the bedside clock. "Its 20 after, GO!" she said. Quickly I was attacking her pussy with my tongue. She was already quite wet, so in almost no time at all her clit was swollen and I began to lick, suck and nibble on it, frantic to bring her to orgasm within the three minutes. I could feel her responding. She was making soft moaning sounds, but I could also tell she was trying to hold back. She wanted this to take as long as possible. Her juices were flowing freely. Obviously I was as horny and turned on as I'd ever been in my entire life. The sight, smell and taste of her were making me even crazier. In spite of everything, I was loving this. By now she was squirming, I could tell she was getting very close, but she was also fighting it. Her cunt wanted to cum, but the tension in her leg muscles gave evidence of her resistance. I continued my ministrations to her clit without the slightest pause. Finally it was too much for her. Holding back had pent up an orgasm that exploded. My face was drenched as she let out a scream!. Her body quivered for quite some time. 

I quickly looked at the clock - 1:28 read the red numbers. I'd only earned 5 points, but I still had a chance to earn the 5 bonus points. I was sure that after holding back she would be very sensitive and I figured by continuing to strongly stimulate her clit before she could calm down, I could bring her to a second orgasm quickly. And that is exactly what I started to do. I could tell the sensations were very intense. I know her body well enough to know that she was overly sensitive at this point and while I could push her to a second climax, she would have much preferred I slow way down and lick her whole pussy avoiding her clit for a while and slowly coming back to it gently, so she could build up to an even stronger one this time. But that would definitely take more than the time remaining. 

In spite of that, I soon realized that was exactly what I was doing. I was sticking my tongue deep inside her and licking her pussy walls. Only occasionally to lick between her lips and just graze her clit. Suddenly it didn't matter if I earned the points, only that I give her the most pleasure I could. My head was swimming, I didn't understand the decision I'd just made, in fact I hadn't really made a decision at all, I was just consumed with giving Lisa all the pleasure I could. Nothing else mattered. 

Well it worked, it was 1:45 when she came again, and it was the most shattering orgasm I'd ever seen her have. Afterwards, I realized it was a combination of the purely physical PLUS the knowledge of the power she now held over me. 

It took quite some time for her to recover, and this time I didn't think she was stretching it out for my sake, she was momentarily sated. "Wow, that was spectacular" she finally said, "It's a shame you only got five points for that." In spite of everything else, she had kept track of the time I noted. "You know you could have pushed me much faster the second time, probably fast enough to earn the bonus points. Why didn't you?" I hesitated. "Come on, why?" she insisted.

"Because it was more important to give you pleasure, and I knew you'd enjoy it more that way." I said somewhat sheepishly.

"That's really sweet" she said, meaning it. "Just to show you I'm not a total bitch" ,she said smiling broadly, "I'm going to give you 3 of the bonus points anyway, just don't think I'll make a habit of being this generous." 

My jaw ached and my tongue was nearly raw, but amazingly I was happy. Lisa undid my hands and told me to go wash up and then meet her in the kitchen. She had a light snack fixed for us when I arrived. "Sit down and relax for a bit, have something to eat and drink. You need a break." I did as she suggested, but was soon starting to fidget. It was after two and I still needed over 70 more points in less than six hours. 

As if reading my mind, she said "Relax, you really do need a break, and you'll have plenty of time to get to 100. In fact, you'll really like what's coming next. Opps" she giggled, "Sorry!" "Well, you'll like the points part, the other part is going to be very frustrating for you, the most frustrating yet, I'm afraid. But I'm going to love it! I've been planning it for a while." Further evidence she had planned this weekend well in advance. I chose to say nothing. "I'll explain in a few minutes. Finish your drink and I'll get you set." 

I actually started to shake at the idea of 'the most frustrating yet'. What the Hell could that mean?










She directed me into our den. The furniture in this room is very large, heavy wood framed leather. She told me to lay on the floor with my head and shoulders propped up on some pillows right in front of the large couch. Before laying down however, she'd had me help her move the easy chair into a place facing the couch but only about four feet away. It didn't take long before I realized why, but I still had no idea what she had in mind. Once I was positioned, she secured my wrists to the legs on the couch. My legs were forced wide apart by the presences of the chair and once she secured my ankles to the back legs of it, I was quite immobile. That accomplished, she removed the cock cage. The furniture was far too heavy for me to move, except possibly I could push the chair around a few inches, but what would be the point. My arms were held straight out from my shoulders and my legs spread very wide. I felt quite vulnerable and my cock and balls were very exposed. I was sure that was the point, but I was becoming very curious as to what was she was going to do next. Lisa asked if I was comfortable. I answered honestly that I was. In fact it was a position I could probably stay in for quite a while before it bothered me. It would turn out that was a good thing. 

"For 45 minutes I am going to torment you. At first it will be very pleasurable, but you can be sure I won't let you cum and it will become very frustrating very fast. You can beg, in fact I'd like that, it turns me on to hear it, and you can plead. You can do whatever you want, but you won't be able to stop it. I'm going to drive you wild for 45 non-stop minutes. The good news for you is that you're going to get 20 points for it. No bonuses, but no penalties either, since there isn't anything you can do one way or the other. So you see, by 3:00 you'll be almost half way there and you'll still have five hours left for us to play" The grin on her face was unbelievable. I'd never seen her look so mischievous. "Well, I'd better go get ready now. Wait right here" she giggled. 

She was gone about 10 minutes. When she returned, I must had gasped rather loudly. "So you like?" She had on a pair of lace topped stockings. The lace was pink, the perfect color to set off her hair and complexion, the stockings themselves were "nude" a slightly tan color that contrasted with her milky white skin in an amazing way. They were supported by a frilly pink lace garter belt. A matching pair of pink lace panties and bra comprised the rest of her outfit. The whole ensemble was something I'd given her as a gift from Victoria's Secret several years before. I hadn't seen it on her in a very long time, I didn't even know she still had them. The sight of her in this outfit literally took my breath away. Since I'd had a while to rest, my cock was almost fully soft, the sight of Lisa changed that immediately. 

"Mmm, I see you do. In spite of the wonderful orgasms you've given me, and you really have done a splendid job, I need to relax for a while. I'm going for a glass of Chardonnay, do you want to come with me, opps, sorry again!" 

She returned with a glass of wine and a book. What the Hell is going on, I wondered? I soon found out. Lisa sat in the chair, which now meant I couldn't move it at all, even if I wanted to. She started reading her book and sipping her wine, and acting as if I wasn't even there. That didn't last long, at least not from my perspective. I don't have a foot fetish, but I do love the feel of silk against any part of me, especially my cock. Very soon her foot was resting on my cock. She began to slide it up and down my shaft, putting only a small amount of pressure on my organ. She put the ball of her foot at the base of my cock and then slid it up until it slid over the glans and off the very tip. This meant her arch was now resting over the length of my cock and her heel pushing gently on my balls. At this point she started to roll my cock from side to side. She kept this up for a while and then her toes went to work on my cock head. Soon she slid her toes back down the shaft and started to massage my balls with them. 

It was as Lisa had foretold, it was very pleasurable at first, but in a very short time, given my state caused by last night and today, I was on the verge of cumming once again. Lisa varied the stimulation. She would use one foot, then the other and then she would use both at once, for example she would trap my shaft between her arches and slowly stroke up and down. The combination of the silky stocking and the fact that the space between her feet was big enough that my cock was just lightly pressured, was keeping me constantly stimulated, but it wasn't sufficient to push me over to orgasm. I was beginning to think I would literally go mad. 

Even though she seemed to be paying no attention to me at all, Lisa was once again as good as her word. She had me on the edge of cumming the whole while, but never quite enough to finish. She would somehow know when she had to take a break, but it was always very short and she would quickly be back at it just as soon as I calmed down even the slightest. I was soon begging for relief. Again swearing I'd do ANYTHING if she would just let me cum. I was moaning a lot too. 

Suddenly the phone rang. Much to my amazement, Lisa picked up the cordless phone sitting on the table next to her. Before she pushed the Talk button she looked at me and while smiling, said "If you aren't quiet while I'm on the phone, you WILL lose points." 

"Hello KATHY, I haven't talked to you in forever, how are you?" All the while, her feet never skipped a beat. 

Let me tell you about Kathy. My wife Lisa is quite a good looking, well built woman. However, Kathy is something else again. Centerfold good looks. Victoria's Secret catalog material, need I go on? In any case, she is almost as tall as me (I'm 5'11") about 5'8" or 9", she is slender, but has a GREAT body. Tight ass; large, firm tits; longish blond hair, blue eyes that you can melt in. Very beautiful face, long slender fingers, the kind of muscular legs that look sculpted. You get the idea, she is drop dead gorgeous. A definite head turner. The kind of woman that men, me included, have fantasies about. 

While Lisa's feet were busy with my cock, she was having the most average conversation with Kathy, in fact I was barely paying any attention to it under the circumstances. I was mostly concerned with staying quiet, which was no small feat (no pun intended). I did hear her ask Kathy if she could hold for a minute. 

"I know how you fantasize about Kathy, should I inviter her over to join us?" Lisa asked with a smile.

"God NO, absolutely not, please don't do that!" First, I'd never said what I thought about Kathy, but wives obviously can tell these things, second, I never would have considered that Lisa would follow through on such a thing, but then in the last 24 hours I'd come to realize that Lisa was still much more of a mystery to me than I'd thought.

She just giggled and said "Don't worry, I'm not going to do that this time, besides I want you all to myself today." 

"This time" I thought? Still doing a number with her feet, Lisa returned to the phone.

"Sorry, I had to check on the meat" she started. "Oh just hanging around the house, not doing much. Having a relaxing weekend so far. Actually, I'm being a bit of a cock tease, I started last night doing little things to get Peter hot. You know brushing against him, dressing a little sexy. By tonight I imagine he'll really be in the mood. Some day soon, maybe I'll fill you in on the details. Okay, lets do it soon. Gotta run now, bye." My god did Lisa have a talent for understatement. I couldn't believe the conversation she had just had with Kathy. Frankly, it scared me. 

"Well, time's up" Lisa announced. "That 45 minutes just flew by, didn't it" she smiled. She mentioned that I'd made a mess of her stockings and proceeded to put on an amazing show of sliding her ass to the front of the chair and rolling down each stocking very sexily. As she did this I had a direct view of her lace clad snatch and could see the very moist spot there too. 

I think you need to clean up this mess since you caused it. She then drove me more insane by slowly slipping her panties off and tossing them over my face. With that she strolled out of the room, giving me a beautiful view of her naked ass as she left. "I'll be back" she voiced over her shoulder as she left. 

Lisa had been gone for quite a while, when she returned it was obvious she had freshened up. She had put on a heavy dose of my favorite perfume. And was wearing a pink cashmere sweater and nothing else. It was just long enough to cover her ass cheeks and it was unbuttoned as far as possible without her tits falling all the way out, though it was such a fine material that her nipples created two peaks that were clearly visible. 

She'd been gone long enough that I was mostly soft again, so she quickly replaced the cage. Lisa released me and then she picked up the stockings and panties she had been wearing and handed them to me. Your next task is to hand wash these. She sent me straight to the laundry sink to begin. As I worked, she came up behind me and leaned against my back. Rubbing her tits on me through the incredibly soft wool. She also reached around and started playing with my nipples. 

"Hurry up and finish those, you're using up valuable time. Its four o'clock and you still need over 50 points. I'm afraid you aren't going to make it." 

I nearly started to cry, "Please, don't do this, I can't stand it. I'll work harder, anything, PLEASE, just give me a chance to earn the points, please." I was reduced to frantic begging. 

"Calm down" she said, "I'll give you the opportunity to still get to 100, but it is going to get much harder from now on. Here is what we're going to do." Lisa went on to inform me that she was getting so high from playing with my cock and balls and frustrating me so much, that from now until 8:00, she was going to do increasingly maddening things to me. Things that would make the foot episode seem like a break. (I knew that was impossible, but I didn't doubt that she hadn't reached her capacity for driving me wild.) "For you to reach 100 points, we're going to have to be at it almost non-stop though. Oh, don't worry too much, I'll give you regular breaks" she paused, then went on "so I can sit on your face and relieve MY tension. It probably won't help your situation much, but those are the breaks" she giggled. "Oh yeah, don't forget you need to contribute some ideas of your own. I'd be thinking if I were you, and you won't make it unless they are really good!" 

"Now, we better get started or you'll run out of time, what's next? I know!" she exclaimed. 

We were soon back in the bedroom, with me once again spread eagle on the bed. Lisa began another long, torturously slow blow job. It started out as a good, solid, wet blow job of deep slow strokes, taking almost all of my cock on each down stroke. Naturally it was no time at all before I was on the edge again. Once there Lisa held me there with a variety of techniques. She was relentless, never backing off more than a fraction, just enough to keep me from cumming, but never enough to stop the twitching and throbbing of being 'right there'. She licked my balls and even took them in her mouth and sucked on them. This was even worse than the ball massages she had given me earlier. She would lick slowly up the underside giving a special attention of tongue flicks to that most sensitive spot just under the head. She would swirl her tongue around and around the head, occasionally taking the tip of it and wiping a drop of precum right out of my pee hole. She would gently bite the head all over, scraping her teeth over the most sensitive spots. 

There was never a let up, never a chance to recover even slightly. She constantly changed the stimulation and went through all her tricks over and over, but in a different order each time. I completely lost of all sense of time. I was simply crazy. True to her word, this was the most frustrating scene yet. The notion that Lisa intended to make each new session "better" than the last was incomprehensible, but I no longer doubted that she both could and would. I moaned and begged and thrashed and carried on. I knew it would do no good, but I couldn't help it. I begged her over and over to finish me. The more I exhibited my agony the more excited Lisa became. 

Also true to her word, I got short breaks every so often, how often I have no idea. During those breaks, Lisa would straddle my face and nearly smother me with her cunt as I made her cum. I swear each one was more powerful than the last. 

During the next few hours I lost track of almost everything. I do remember that one of my "suggestions" had me giving her back door a thorough tongue worshiping including a virtual session of anal intercourse with my tongue as a phallus. All during this she was position so as to be able to continue stimulating my cock and balls, which she did non-stop. 

By the time we started the final session of this three hour marathon (although I didn't know at the time that it was to be the final, nor did I have any idea how long we had been at it since my last real break) my jaw was aching and my tongue was nearly numb from the numerous times Lisa had used my face as a fleshy vibrator. 

Once again Lisa proved to be a woman of her word. This last session was definitely even more difficult for me than any of the earlier ones. She started what was to be 60 non-stop minutes of slow masturbation (discussed earlier). Only this time she added several new innovations. For starters she was using some kind of lubricant that while quite soothing to my nearly raw dick, reduced the friction so substantially that her strokes were far less efficient at moving me closer to orgasm. Of course they didn't let me recover at all either. Both influences were exactly as she planned. Consequently she was able to perform the 10 fast firm strokes more often. She also developed a method of doing a large number of very, very slow strokes of just my shaft with one hand while the other well lubricated hand would rotate and rotate as if on a slippery doorknob, first the head of my cock then on my balls. Alternating back and forth, back and forth while the slow stokes of my shaft continued uninterrupted for an eternity. Then more of the fast, firm strokes. 

Every time I thought I had reached a limit beyond which it was impossible to feel more stimulation and more frustration without cumming, Lisa proved able to push me to yet another level. When she stopped, I didn't even realize she had for a moment. Blue balls doesn't remotely begin to describe what I was feeling. My scrotum felt (and looked for all I know) like a very ripe tomato, with the skin stretched so tight that the slightest touch would cause it to explode. My balls felt as if they must be at least twice their normal size, again perhaps they really were. 

It was almost 7:00. Just one hour to go until "the final hour". I still needed 10 more points to reach 100. "You still have to come up with one last idea" Lisa pointed out. "You'd better make it very good, because otherwise you will have to endure my best hour of teasing yet - knowing there will be no relief at the end!" My mind was screaming, what could I suggest that she would agree was worth the ten points. I knew one aspect that she would love, but wasn't sure I could do it, however if I didn't come up with something good enough the consequences were too much to bear! I decided to explain my plan and preyed it was good enough. 

"I think you'll like this" I started. "It really is the most frustrating thing I can think of." 

"I like it already" Lisa grinned.

I continued to explain what would in fact be the most frustrating hour I could imagine. First, since if I didn't earn 10 points I'd be short of the necessary 100, and because any extra points wouldn't matter. I suggested an all or nothing situation. If I was successful, I had the 100 points. If I failed, it was over. I'd have to submit to Lisa's "super hour" and suffer the consequence of not cumming at the end. 

Here was the challenge. Lisa would leave me tied spread eagle on the bed. Then I would have to endure (10 times, one for each necessary point) her lowering her pussy onto my cock. Once all the way inside her, she would do that unbelievably maddening trick of hers, where she squeezes my cock by contracting the muscles in her vagina walls. Believe me, she can make a cock feel it! But even in my state, the squeezing wouldn't be enough of the right kind of stimulation to get me off. She would have to slide on and off very, very slowly though. And that would just serve to exacerbate the total frustration. Even though I would be tied, it would be impossible to totally immobilize me, therefore I added the rule that I mustn't move while I was inside of her. If I tried to thrust or even squirm, again I lost. 

Lisa was positively jubilant. "I love it!" she squealed. "You realize that you've given me a huge challenge don't you. I don't want you to get to cum tonight, but I promised if you get to 100 points it will be up to you. So now all I have to do is make you squirm or thrust and YOU DON'T GET TO CUM. Plus I still get my last hour! Its perfect! I love you Peter." With that she bent over and gave me a very loving kiss. 

Though I knew Lisa was sopping, she still ran to the bathroom to retrieve that super slick lube of hers. She wasn't taking any chances that she might push me over the edge. In fact, she told me that just thinking about it was turning her on so much that she wasn't sure she could control herself once I was inside her. "I know" she chirped with that evil grin again, "I'll just let you make me cum once more before we start." With that she spun around and wiggled her cunt right down on my face. It took only a moment before she was shuddering all over one more time. 

After a couple of minutes to recover she positioned herself so she could slide onto my cock, but not before she slathered the lube all up and down my shaft. "Here we go!" And with that she started lowering herself. I couldn't believe how slowly she slid down my shaft. Lisa and I had played this game before, but never when I was in a state anything like this. It took every bit of will power I had not to thrust up into her. Finally she was all the way down. Once, twice, three times she contracted her cunt on me. I knew I'd gone too far. There was no way I could do this ten times. I was already sweating profusely and my muscles were starting to tremble. At last she slid all the way off. I realized my eyes were screwed shut. When I opened them I saw Lisa looking down at me with the smile of the cat who ate the canary. With no further pause, she started to lower herself again. I managed to keep from moving again, but on the second squeeze I could feel that I was about to cum. "YES" screamed my mind, but of course Lisa sensed it too and quickly pulled off. She was just barely in time. My cock was pulsing and flowing cum freely, but I didn't orgasm. It was the closest I been yet, and the most frustrating experience of all! 
"Wow, that was close" Lisa exclaimed. "I'm going to have to let you cool down a bit between each time, I see." As she said that, she poured some more lube on my cock to reduce the friction even more. The next three were much like the first, but increasingly it was harder for me to lie still. Yet so far I was managing. I could sense that Lisa was actually a bit frustrated. It was even more obvious now that she was getting off on the entire situation as much because of my frustration and her control over it than she was over the plentiful orgasms she was having. She clearly wanted to see me lose my opportunity to cum at the end of the night. Number six was her increased attempt to make me lose. She started as before, but after the squeezes, she started to rotate her hips. This didn't produce any stroking motion, but had the effect of rubbing around the head of my cock much like her doorknob hand trick. She continued the rotation as she slowly withdrew. 

The urge to thrust grew much stronger. I knew that two or three thrusts and I would explode. It was only clinging to the knowledge that one thrust and the whole thing would end with me still throbbing, that allowed me to keep still. Since the first few had gone quickly there was nearly a half hour left before 8 (Lisa had made it very clear the final hour would start at 8 sharp). So Lisa took longer between the next ones, and used lube every time. Each time she increased the number of squeezes and the amount of hip rotation. I was barely hanging on. Sweat was pouring off my whole body. My muscles were getting cramped from the tension. But I had survived the first nine times. I couldn't give in now. 

On the tenth time Lisa was really trying to make me cave in. She must have given seven or eight squeezes and was rotating her hips as she squeezed. I was going crazy. Finally she slowly pulled off. "Well, just one more to go" she said with that smile again.

"What! That was already 10" I yelled. "Peter, you must have lost count in all the excitement." I started to argue, but Lisa simply said "Peter" very sharply. I knew it had already been ten, but I also knew it was pointless to argue. 

After the longest rest between times yet, Lisa started to lower herself on to my just lubed cock again. Only this was different, she had laid her face against mine, and her tits were laying on my chest. Her knees were below my hips rather than along side of them as they had been. And she was lowering herself faster than before albeit still quite slowly. This time when I was fully inside her she didn't squeeze or rotate or anything she just started back up. Just as my cock head was about to pop out she started back down, even slower. My God, she was very slowly fucking me! Had I won, did she need this too. I had no idea what was going on. After about four strokes I was ready to explode, this time as she reached the top of her stroke she stopped. My cock was just barely held in her cunt. She whispered in my ear, "Don't you want to cum now? Just a few more strokes and I know you'll erupt inside me. Doesn't my baby want to finish fucking me?" She went on in her sexiest bedroom voice. How I stayed still, I don't know. But I did. Finally she let me slide all the way out and she flopped on her back next to me on the bed. 

"I can't believe you made it" was all she said. Obviously Lisa was getting a bit exhausted herself. "But you did" she went on, "so after this final hour, you are going to get to cum if you want. I won't go back on my word." I could tell she meant it. I didn't even notice at the time how she had added "... if you want." 

"I'm going to get a damp cloth and refresh you before we start. I need to get a couple of other things too. Do you want a drink of water?" she asked. 

"Yes, please" I responded weakly, as she walked out of the room. 

When she returned she had a damp cloth, a glass of water and some other things which she set where I couldn't really see them. She gave me sips of water and gently wiped off my forehead, then the rest of my face and continued in a non-sensual way to give me an efficient yet pleasant sponge bath. Lisa had also slipped on one of my dress shirts and while still quite sexy, it momentarily took away the added stimulation of looking at her gorgeous bod. After a few minutes, I was at least more comfortable and calmed down somewhat. My cock was no longer rock hard, but still a long ways from being soft. 

"Okay, back to work." quipped Lisa. "Almost time for our final hour, then if you still want, I'll untie you and you can finally cum." It still wasn't making any sense to me, what would make Lisa think I wouldn't want to cum at the end of the next hour. I was sure that I'd need to cum even more after whatever she had in mind for this finale. Lisa picked up one of the items she'd laid down out of my sight and then leaned over my stomach so I couldn't see what was going on. Soon I felt her attaching something around the top of my sack and at the base of my slightly soft cock. I'd never seen one in person, nor worn one, but I was pretty sure I knew what she was up to. 

Soon I was able to view her handiwork and I was right. It was a short(only about a half inch) ball stretcher and a cock ring. It pushed my balls down further into my scrotum, which as full as they were, swelled my ball sac even tighter and also put an effective clamp around the top of my sac. It also put a tight ring at the base of my cock, which quickly made my cock even bigger, harder and more purple! 

"In your condition this won't keep you from cumming, but it will slow you down. It means I can push you even more than I have without you being able to get off" Lisa said, with the biggest grin I'd seen so far. "Let me demonstrate." With that she turned on a 60 minute timer, informing me it was exactly eight o'clock and for the next solid hour she was going to show me what cock torture really felt like. 

She began to prove her point by sucking on my cock while she caressed my balls. She gave me the kind of blowjob that would have had me shooting in seconds if it weren't for the cock ring, but she was able to slowly suck my cock over and over without me cumming. It felt like each suck would do it, and my balls got tighter and tighter, but no matter how hard I tried to cum that damn ring kept it from happening. She kept this up for a while and when it felt like the skin on my cock was about to split and I was certain that ring or not I was going to cum, she stopped. 

She reached under the bed and pulled out something I didn't even know she'd put there. A feather. A very long, fully plumed feather. She started with my nipples, but quickly moved to my balls. Around and around and around. She worked the tip up near my asshole, while constantly tickling the back of my balls. Soon she was stroking my cock with it. Up and down the underside of the shaft. Then tortuously around the head. She even touched the very bottom end of it to my pee hole, then slowly dragged the whole length of it through that very sensitive slit. 

Her next trick was to put on a very soft fur mitten of some kind and rub it all over my cock and balls. She never stroked me, but just ran it around my balls and up and down my cock and swirled it around and around my knob. The continuously changing stimuli were really getting to me. 

I was once again sobbing and begging. And the more I did the wilder it made her. She did everything she'd already done and more. She poured oil on me and massaged my balls while playing doorknob with my cock head. She raked her nails from my ass to my pee hole, repeatedly. She had been right about one thing, the ball stretcher and cock ring allowed her to push me much further. Many times it felt like I was going to cum, but it never quite happened. I would actually feel the very beginning of an orgasm, but she would instantly stop and the cock ring was enough to keep me from going over the edge. It was, as Lisa had promised, by far the most maddening yet. Soon I was in a complete daze. 

When finally I realized the timer had gone off and Lisa had stopped, I didn't know how long I'd been incoherent. Lisa was just smiling at me and that was all. Many minutes went by. My breathing began to approach normal. My cock had softened just enough for Lisa to remove the ring and stretcher, which she did. 

Neither of us spoke of move for quite a while. Finally Lisa said, "Its over. You made it through the 24 hours. Peter, I loved it. It turned me on more than my wildest dreams. I'm so glad I found out about this fantasy side of you. Now do you know the difference between wanting to cum and needing to?" 

"Oh yes!" was all I could reply. 

"And do you need to cum now." 

"You know I do!" 

"Answer me directly, do you NEED to? Can you wait any longer?" 

"Lisa I need to cum now, I can't wait any more. Please untie me and let me fuck you!" 

"Okay, if that's what you want, then I'll untie you now. Is that what you want?" 

"YES!" I yelled. "Untie me now, I NEED to cum!" 

"Okay, but before I do, there is something you need to know about the choice you are making. If I untie you now..." Lisa paused, finally she continued "and the choice is yours, but if I untie you now, this will never happen again. Peter, I've loved this and I don't want it to end, so.." I tried to interrupt her, but she told me to be quiet and listen and she'd explain everything. 

"I did this in the first place because I knew it was your fantasy, but I never imagined how much I was going to love it. Now I want to do more of it, and I think you probably want me to. But, if you chose to be untied now and fuck me, this will be a one time shot. However, if you agree to wait until morning to cum, I'll accommodate your fantasy often. You have to admit, your cock hasn't ever seen this much attention before, and from the way its getting harder again, I'd say it likes it!" she giggled. 

It was true, Lisa talking about future teasing was making me hard again. My mind was mush one more time. Did I want to go through this ever again? It had been so unbelievably frustrating, but at the same time I'd never been so turned on! But I needed to cum so bad. Could I wait any longer? 

While this was all running through my mind, Lisa upped the ante "And, if you agree to wait until morning, you can have your way with me all day. I'll do anything you want. You can have all the blowjobs you ask for. You can even do it up my ass if you want." This last comment was really something. Lisa really doesn't like to be fucked in the ass, but she knows it turns me on a lot. "Peter, please do this for me, do this for us. I know we'll both be glad, and I'm sure we'll have sex far more than we used to." Lisa was really pouring it on. She really wanted to get me to wait one more night, but I also knew she wanted to tease my cock all the more in the future. One thing I was sure of, Lisa is so stubborn, that if she said she would never do it again unless I was willing to wait until morning, she would stick to it. 

Suddenly I heard myself saying "Okay, I'll wait if that's what you want, but only on one condition." Lisa asked what the condition was. "No more teasing tonight, I can't take any more." And I meant it, I could wait until morning, but I really had reached my limit for now.

Lisa bounced on the bed and squealed "Peter, I really do love you. You've made me so happy! And I'm almost exhausted myself, so no more teasing tonight. It's a deal. But I'm so turned on by this that I've got to cum one more time or I'll never get to sleep." And with that Lisa spun around and lowered herself on to my face once again. I attacked her clit with all my might. Soon she was shuddering in yet another orgasm. Slowly she slid down on the bed beside me and kissed my cheek. 

Lisa pulled the covers over us and cuddled up again. Her hand was gently holding my balls. "Lisa, you promised no teasing" "Shh," was all she said, "that's not teasing, this is." And she started to slowly stroke my cock. Before I could say anything else, she shifted her hand back to my balls and held them softly. The message was clear and I said nothing further. 

For the second night in a row, here I was; tied to the bed, more horny than I'd ever been in my whole life, with my naked sexy wife laying beside me thoroughly sated with more orgasms in one day than in a normal month. I was so exhausted that in spite of everything I was starting to drift off when Lisa whispered one last thing in my ear. "Earlier this evening you said you needed to cum and you couldn't wait any longer. Obviously that wasn't true. You're going to have to pay for that you know." And with that she relaxed into a deep sleep. 



I woke slowly. I realized I was still tied spread eagle on our bed. Lisa was still sound asleep. I began to think about the last 36 hours. Once again I was amazed to realize that I was getting hard just thinking about it. Could it really have only been that long. It seemed like forever. I was very unsure what the future was going to look like. I was about to get a glimpse however. 

Not much later Lisa awoke. As she shook off her sleepiness she cuddled up close. "How's my toy this morning?" she asked as she reached down for my cock. "Ooo, glad to see me. Can't wait to have your way with me, huh? Want to fuck me with this big, hard cock? Fuck me hard? Cum hard, deep inside me? Or maybe you want to cum in my mouth, and have me swallow every drop? Is that what you want? Oh, I know. You want to fuck my ass. Pound away and cum deep inside of me. Is that it?" She was taunting me mercilessly. I was rock hard by now. My cock throbbing. I was moaning incoherently. I couldn't wait for her to release me. I just couldn't decide which of the scenarios she had just described I was going to live out first.

And with that she started to slowly stroke my cock. "Stop!" I insisted, "you said you'd untie me and you also said no more teasing."

"Peter, don't start being whiny already. First we agreed to wait until morning. We didn't say first thing in the morning. The morning doesn't end until noon. 11:59 is still morning. Secondly, I agreed to, and I quote, 'no more teasing tonight'. It is no longer 'tonight', its now this morning. No one talked about teasing this morning."

I could see I'd been had. I was sure Lisa was going to keep her word, but nothing more than that. Which meant I was in for more torture for a few hours I feared. And with that she began to slowly stroke my cock. After the last two days of almost non stop cock teasing. And being brought to the edge of orgasm more times than I could count, only to be left hanging every time, I was crazed and ready to cum within a minute or two.

Lisa just smiled and kept slowly stroking my cock, keeping me right on the edge, just as she had for the last two days. Soon precum was freely flowing. "Its going to feel so good when you finally get to cum, isn't it babe? I can't wait to untie you and feel that big hard cock deep inside me. Maybe I should just do it now, what do you think?"

Yes her taunting was taking the whole element of teasing to yet another level. I knew nothing I could say or do would change Lisa's plans, whatever they were. She started to lick me, pushing me right to the edge and then holding me there with licks and flicks of her tongue in just the right places. But never quite enough.

I don't know how long she went on, pushing me right to the brink and then letting me cool off. She must have done it at least six times by now. I was moaning and begging and thrashing around. All to no avail. My cock was hard as steel, the head of it was a deep purple and my balls were swollen and sore. I was very near my absolute limit. Lisa must have known it too.

Suddenly she said, "I am too horny to keep this up any longer!" With that she spun around and lowered her sopping pussy to my face. As she did, I heard her say "If you do me really, really good, I'm going to release you. I'm ready to get fucked by that big hard cock."

I gave it my all. I licked between her lips and slid my tongue deep inside her cunt. Soon I was licking and biting her clit. As she started to squirm seriously I sucked on her love button as hard as I could and flicked it with my tongue constantly. Soon she exploded love juice all over my face. She collapsed on the bed next to me. Still touching my cock ever so gently.

After a few minutes she started to move a bit. Soon I realized she was doing something to my leg restraints. It finally dawned on me, she was undoing them. Was this it? Was she finally going to turn me loose?

She undid both of my legs. She positioned her self kneeling between my legs. And taking one nut in each hand she started a careful examination of them. Rolling them each between her fingers and thumb. "My God these are full" she giggled. "You REALLY must need to cum by now. I can't imagine what kind of a load this is going to be."

Suddenly she moved to a position straddling my torso, sitting on my lower ribcage. She leaned forward, which had the effect of hanging her tits right in my face. I quickly started to suck and lick her left nipple. To my surprise she let me continue. While I was working on her nipples she was undoing my wrist restraints. Soon she sat up with her hands on her hips and with a big smile on her face looked down at me and simply said, "Well?"

I was free! My sexy wife, who had been tormenting me mercilessly nearly non stop for two days was just sitting there smiling at me. And I wasn't moving. While my cock had evidently developed a mind of its own, my brain had apparently atrophied to the point of not functioning. Fortunately for me, my cock was all that would be necessary in the short term.

After a few more seconds of stunned inaction, I grabbed Lisa around the waist and flipped her on her back. (Lisa is built like a brick shit house, but not a very large woman. Being rather big and fairly strong, it isn't hard for me to pick her up or move her around.) I was instantly on top of her, and between her legs. The smile on her face only widened.

Normally I'm a pretty sensitive lover, caring about Lisa's pleasure just as much as mine. Right at this moment I didn't care if she still had a pulse! I rammed my cock in her fast and hard. Fortunately for us both she was in the same state of total animal lust I was and was as slick as could be. I fucked her as hard and fast as I could. Slamming my cock into her pussy over and over.

I doubt it lasted more than a minute. I exploded with the most violent, intense orgasm of my life. Some sort of primal scream came from my mouth, though I barely recognized that it was happening. My cock went through spasm after spasm of shooting cum deep insider her. I can only imagine the volume, but it took many ball draining contractions before it was over.

Lisa's legs were wrapped very tightly around my waist, squeezing me like a vise. The excitement of the whole experience and the animalistic aura of the situation had her cumming hard too. Even though she had cum just a short time before and this coupling had lasted far less time than was normally required to get her off.

We collapsed on the bed, holding each other close and breathing very hard. Neither of us spoke or even moved for quite some time. Not having slept much or well for the last two nights, I dozed off. I don't know how long it was, but I woke to Lisa stroking my cock. Soon I was wide awake, hard again and ready for more. I decided what I wanted next. I slapped Lisa, affectionately, on her ass and told her to get up on her hands and knees. I grabbed the KY out of the night stand and thoroughly lubed up my dick. I positioned myself behind Lisa and placed my cock head right against her ass hole. "Oh no, not that!" she whispered.

"Oh yes, that!" I replied. 

I grabbed Lisa by the hips and slowly pulled her onto my cock. I watched my cock disappear inside her, as her opening stretched wider and wider to accommodate me. I was soon buried balls deep in my wife's gorgeous round ass. I started to pump in and out, slowly at first, then faster and faster. Soon I was fucking her hard and fast. With each stroke Lisa let out a little moan. I could tell she wasn't enjoying this. Perhaps it was a slight sadistic streak, perhaps revenge for the last two days, in either case hearing her expressions of discomfort were turning me on all the more. 

Lisa was so tight back there that my cock was being squeezed very tightly. In spite of cumming fairly recently, I was quickly building to another climax. I was determined to make this last as long as I possibly could. I had learned something about delaying an orgasm in the last 48 hours however. I kept slamming in and out of Lisa's bum just as hard as I could. She was squirming and trying to pull away, but I held her tightly. Her struggles were stimulating my cock all the more and as she started to be vocal about her displeasure with having her ass violated I exploded deep inside her bowels. I held her tight to me as my cock went through its spasms, and only after I softened did I withdraw.

This time I was the only one to collapse on the bed, Lisa more or less stomped off to the bathroom. I must admit to having a rather wicked grin on my face for the first time in quite a while. As I laid there I started to wonder if I'd pissed Lisa off. She had promised that I could have my way with her and even mentioned anal sex herself the night before, but the way things had been going for the last two days, I wasn't sure what to expect when she came back.

It was quite some time before she returned. Much to my relief, she showed no sign of being upset. In fact she appeared to be acting exceptionally sexy and playful. At her suggestion we were off to the kitchen to get a bite of food. Lisa was doing her flirty, teasy "thing". Giving me quite an eyeful regularly, rubbing up against me and being very touchy, feely.

We spent then next couple of hours doing normal Sunday afternoon things, except for Lisa's sexy behavior. About mid afternoon Lisa suggested that we were both pretty sticky and ought to go take a shower - together. This sounded good to me. Off to the bathroom we headed.

Once in the shower, Lisa asked me to wash her. I was glad to accommodate. I spent a good deal of time on her breasts. I'm an incurable tit man. Lisa knows that she can use her nearly perfect chest to major advantage when it comes to controlling me. I concentrated significant attention on her nipples which were little steel points by now. After quite some time focused on her breasts I finally moved to her crotch. Soon she was holding herself up by wrapping her arms around my neck. I was pushing her closer and closer and finally over the edge into a shuttering orgasm. After a short time of hanging on me while she recovered, she finally supported herself enough to lean against the tile wall and started to soap up my cock and balls. Slowly and very gently caressing my already erect shaft. 

After a short time period of this I pointed out that she had promised no teasing today. Her counter went like this, "This isn't teasing, this is foreplay. When we're done here I'm going to take you into the bedroom. I'm going to lay you on the bed. And then while I play with your balls, I'm going to slowly and steadily suck and lick your cock. I'm going to build to the most mind blowing cum for you. Taking my time, but moving you constantly closer to cumming. And when you are finally ready and just have to explode, I'm going to suck every drop of cum out of your balls through the head of your cock. And Peter, I'm not going to spill a drop."

This was having the obviously intended effect of driving me wild. By now I was the one weak in the knees and leaning against the tile, while Lisa was pressing her tits against my chest and looking straight into my eyes while she constantly stroked and massaged my cock and balls.

"Lets go to the bed now" I implored.

"You want me to stop this?" she stroked my cock hard and fast as she said this "Don't you like what I'm doing?" Lisa was playing with my mind again.

"I want you to suck my cock until I cum" was the best I could do.

"So you do want me to stop?" she asked as she stroked my cock.

"No you know I don't want you to stop! But I do want you to take me to bed and suck my cock!"

"Okay, lets go."

I literally dragged Lisa dripping wet into our bedroom and flopped on the bed. True to her word, she began the most unbelievable blow job I'd ever had. She was licking and sucking my cock while she played with my balls. She was slowly, but steadily bringing me up to an orgasm. It was much like what she had done for the two prior days, except it kept building, never backing off. I was getting wild. I had a hold of her by the hair and was literally fucking her mouth. She didn't seem to mind. She was intent on attacking my cock with her lips and tongue. Soon I couldn't take any more. I erupted. Lisa sucked for all she was worth. True to her word, she didn't lose a drop. She held my balls as I came. Gently squeezing every last bit out of them. As I finally untensed, she laid next to me and held me close. She kissed me fully. I could taste my own cum as she snaked her tongue deep in mouth. While she had never done this before, I knew what this was. While I'd never tasted my own cum before, women had been doing this since the beginning of time. I was smart enough not to complain. 

Once again I was drained. In all ways. We lay in each others arms, dozing off and on for I don't know how long. I was extremely satisfied. And happy. I sensed Lisa was too. Finally we mustered the energy to get up and put on some clothes. It was nearly time for dinner by now. Lisa got me a beer and suggested I watch the game while she fixed us something to eat. I wasn't sure if I should be suspicious or if Lisa was simply proving to me that when she promised me a day of pure pleasure for waiting one more night to cum, she was going to keep her word. As she fixed us a wonderful meal I finally decided that Lisa was just trying to make sure that she could get me to go along with just about anything she wanted by making sure I'd believe what ever payoff she promised. My head was still spinning over the whole weekend, but I must admit I'd never felt happier.

Much earlier than normal I said I was going to turn in. I was truly drained and exhausted. Sleep was all I could think about. Uncharacteristically Lisa said she would join me. Normal she isn't an early to bed person and when I do, she usually sits up and reads. Shortly we were both in bed cuddling gently. I was on the verge of dozing off when Lisa started to stroke my cock again. "Baby, there is no way!" I said sleepily.

"Wanna' bet?" was her reply.

I couldn't imagine there was any way that Lisa could get me off again after what had already gone on today. She seemed determined however. "Peter, this cock belongs to me now" she said matter of factly. "I can make it cum, or NOT cum as I choose. Do you want to bet whether or not I can make you cum again right now?" 

If I'd learned anything in the last couple of days, it would be not to make a bet like that with Lisa. "No, I don't want to bet" I replied.

"Smart choice" she said. "Now just lay back and enjoy."

So I did.

Lisa got out some oil and knelt between my thighs. It did take a while, but soon I was getting hard again and I must admit it felt pretty damn good having her stoking my slippery cock and playing with my balls. Lisa was using all the tricks she done during my day and a half of teasing, but once again she kept me getting closer and closer, albeit very slowly. It was starting to build quite nicely and was just at the point where there was no way I wanted her to stop when she asked, "Should I stop now?"

I moaned and replied no.

"Are you sure, you said there was no way. If you aren't enjoying this I don't want to keep going. Are you enjoying it?"

"God yes!" I replied, "don't stop!" 

"Peter, you've already cum three times today, don't you want to save something for later, maybe tomorrow or the next day?"

"No, I want to cum now" I was getting very close and had no intention of asking her to stop for any reason.

Then she gave me cause for reflection, "So you don't want to cum again tomorrow or the next day? How about the day after that, or even the next day, don't you want to cum any of those days?"

"Lisa, you promised, no teasing and I could cum all I wanted today" I was nearly yelling now, and getting very, very close. 

"Oh Peter, does this feeling like teasing? I'm going to make you cum if you want. I'm just negotiating a bit, I never said I wouldn't do that, now did I? In fact, it seems to me that talking about stopping is making you even harder."

It was amazing but true, since she had started talking about me waiting to cum, I was getting harder and wanting to cum all the more.

"So you'd rather cum today than for the next four days," she was giggling and smiling now, as she kept stroking me and pushing me closer to orgasm "how about for the next five days, still rather cum now?"

I now knew where this was leading, but was helpless to do anything about it. Lisa had me needing, rather wanting, to cum so much I wasn't about to ask her to stop.

"Oh Peter, I think you're getting very close now. If you want to cum in the next six days you better ask me to stop before its to late."

I just moaned. I was right on the edge now and Lisa was steadily pushing me toward it. 

"Hmm, well last chance I think, would you rather cum now or wait seven more days to cum again?" And with that she held my balls firmly in one hand and did tight, firm, long strokes making sure her thumb was stimulating my frenum on each stroke. It was too much, I exploded. 

"Oops too late, I would never have thought after three times already today, you would have chosen to wait another week to cum just so you could have a fourth. Greedy little boy aren't you?" And she started to laugh.

As I calmed down, I began to fully realize what had happened. "Lisa, that's not..." 

"Shh, she interrupted. Its late and we're both tired." With that she got up and headed to the bathroom. When she returned in just a few minutes, she had a warm cloth. She cleaned me up and slipped into bed.

I tried once more to protest how she had manipulated me, but again she just hushed me. "Peter, are you happy?" 

I had to admit I was.

"Did you enjoy your weekend?" 

I hesitated, but finally admitted that I did.

"Are you satisfied?"

No pause was required, "You know I am" I said.

"Good, I'm glad. Because its going to be a long time before you have a day like today again. In fact its going to be quite a while before you even cum again, isn't it?"

I knew no answer was required or expected.

I was just laying there thinking about how my life had changed so dramatically in one weekend, and trying to sort out how I actually felt about it. As I did I was starting to drift off to sleep when Lisa said "Peter?"

"Yes Lisa" I responded. "You're going to pay for the ass fucking you gave me today!" That was her last word as she went to sleep. It was quite a while later that I finally joined her.

The end




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Peter_


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





