BDSM Library - The Vacation




The Vacation
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Peter's wife Lisa gives him a vacation filled with erotic teasing and orgasm denial!         






We were finally winging our way to our tropical get away. Since, from our northern location, its nearly a five and a half hour flight we had splurged and used airline miles to upgrade to first class. But let me go back and start at the beginning. 

Lisa and I both work pretty hard and our major payback to ourselves is a vacation at a tropical resort each year. After alternating between the Caribbean and Hawaii for years, we decided to try the Mexican Riviera this time. 

If you have been following my stories about Lisa and me then you know about how our life has changed. If you haven't let me give you a very brief update (if you haven't, you should read "Friday Night", you'll then understand). Slightly less than a year earlier, Lisa had discovered, by looking at the websites I frequent, that I have a T&amp;D fetish. Since then our sex life has taken a dramatic turn. This was our first "Big" trip since that fateful Friday night. I was a bit nervous as I wasn't sure what to expect, but was sure that Lisa would have some surprises waiting!

While October in the Northwest is rather chilly, we decided to dress for the hot humid climate we'd encounter on our arrival. Thinking that the dash from the house to the shuttle and from the shuttle to the airport would be minimal. It worked just fine. We were both in shorts and tees and wearing tennies. Our flight was very early and once we leveled off I was starting to doze. I felt Lisa's hand on my thigh. Her fingers were right at the bottom of my shorts. Strumming and tickling, and working their way up.

"That tickles" I whispered.

Lisa smiled and looked amused, but she stopped. "We are going to have a wonderful time. I just know I'm going to enjoy this vacation more than anyone we've ever taken!"

That was the first confirmation of my concerns. Although I must admit I was looking forward to it.

After a very long day we arrived at the resort just about dinnertime. We were hot and sticky and hungry. Lisa headed for the shower and after a while called to me to come scrub her back. This is one of her euphemisms that rarely has anything to do with actually scrubbing her back. I slipped off the few clothes I still had on and headed for the bathroom. The shower was a rather large walk in arrangement that had no door or curtain, just a partition that you stepped around to keep the water off the tile floor. I was certain that we'd frequently spend some time together in this shower during our vacation.

Lisa really has a great figure and what I describe as perfect tits. I love large (not obscenely so, though) firm breasts that don't sag and have big nipples. Lisa's are exactly that. To get a head start, she'd been going to a tanning place and had a wonderful tan. She looked fantastic and I was getting horny just looking at her. I knew I was in trouble.

She asked me to wash her all over. I gladly obliged, paying special attention and much time on her boobs. By the time I was finished, her nipples were very turgid. I started working on her pussy. She told me that because she had been dieting and working out especially for this trip, she bought a couple of new swimsuits that were tiny and would get her much attention poolside. Not just from me. With just cause Lisa was proud of her figure and intended to show it off on this trip. Much to my surprise she had shaved her crotch completely, it added additional sex appeal for me, probably for the very reason she had never done it before. It didn't take long before she was leaning against the wall and supporting herself on the handhold. She let out a very deep moan as she reached her first of what would be many orgasms during our vacation.

After a short recovery she rinsed off again and grabbed the soap. "Come here" she said in a husky voice. And with that she started to soap my cock and balls. She was very thorough and slow about it. But after many starts and stops she was finally stoking me steadily toward an orgasm. As adept at it as she has become, she had me to the point that one more stroke would have had me shooting when she stopped. This has the effect of making my balls constrict and my cock starts to spasm, but nothing happens. It is unbelievable how frustrating it is. It is also unbelievable how she never makes a mistake and accidentally lets me cum, but does get to the very edge every time. I love hating it!

"Oh Lisa baby, please don't stop there, please!" I begged.

"Peter, the night is very young. Besides, I want you to fuck me good and hard tonight and I want you like a rock" as she said this, she gave me a couple of final strokes, which made me twitch some more, but that was all.

"Do you mean it?" 

While Lisa never broke promises, nor reneged on a deal, this was neither. She had become very cleaver at leading me to believe one thing and then explaining how it was that I'd misunderstood. I was getting better at figuring it out. She's said she "wanted" me to, not that she was going to let me.

"Of course I mean it. and if you're good, I might even let you!" 

You see what I mean. Still no commitment. But it didn't matter, she was on her way to the bedroom to start dressing and I knew nothing further was going to happen for now. 

"Hurry up, I'm starved" she said.

I dressed rather quickly and waited for Lisa. She was putting on quite a show. It turned out she'd bought more new clothes than I knew. Lisa was intending to show off her figure more than at poolside. She'd purchased some very sexy Victoria's Secret panties that were made in such a way it looked like she wasn't wearing any at all. She didn't bother with a bra (also something that was very unusual for her, especially in public. Her dress was low cut and showed off her ample cleavage quite wonderfully. The dress clung to her figure and flattered her curves to an extreme. It was slit nearly to her hip on one side and as she moved her lovely leg flashed frequently.

The sweat beads on my upper lip were not just from the climate. They had the same cause as the tightness in the front of my pants. We had only been here a couple of hours and already my lust for Lisa had me going nuts. By now it was clear Lisa's agenda was to keep me as aroused as possible for the entire vacation. The only question was how often I'd get some relief and what form it would take.

Lisa looked absolutely gorgeous, and very, very sexy. I don't think I'd ever seen her dress so provocatively when we went out. I felt a mixture of pride in being her husband and jealousy over other men seeing her attributes so thinly veiled. Plus being with her all evening was going to increase my horns even if she did nothing but eat (which seemed unlikely!)

As we headed to the restaurant I got the first good look around at the resort. Since we really make this our one big treat of the year, we usually go pretty upscale on the place we stay. This place was no exception, it was very nice. The clientele reflected that too. The people we saw were generally a younger crowd who mostly looked like they took good care of themselves and cared about their appearance. By the time we were seated, I had not seen anyone who could rival Lisa, but there were definitely many other very attractive women guests. It was also turning out that Lisa's apparel wasn't much more revealing than many others. I was going to see a lot of eye candy in the next several days, that much was certain. I knew I'd better behave or Lisa would make me pay, but so far it wasn't going to be that difficult. I couldn't take my eyes off of her.

Dinner was rather uneventful. We talked about what activities we wanted to do the next several days and mostly agreed that we wanted to soak up some sun, read and just get completely relaxed. Just as we were finishing, a three-piece combo started playing. Lisa got excited and insisted we dance. I'm a little self conscious about dancing, because I don't think I'm very good, but I'd promised myself I was going to try and make this an extra special trip for Lisa and do the things she wanted. So off to the dance floor we went.

The first two pieces were rather lively and watching Lisa move to the music in that outfit really got me hot. She would bend slightly forward and shake from side to side, giving me a great view of her tits almost down to the nipples. The movement under the dress was pretty spectacular too! Finally they played a nice slow song and we held each other very close. I could feel Lisa's breasts pressing into my chest and she was doing her best to discretely, but frequently rub my crotch with her naked thigh. 


I whispered in her ear that most of the men in the place were staring at her. She replied by looking right into my eyes and saying "That's very flattering, but you're the one who has me. And I'm taking you to bed now." The male ego being what it is, my cock got even harder.

Lisa took my hand and led me toward our room. I'm sure everyone in the place could tell I had a raging hard on. But then I'm sure none of them blamed me, and most of the men I was certain wished it was them. Nevertheless, Lisa had developed a mischievous pleasure in embarrassing me lately. Not the humiliation kind of thing, but like this.

When we reached our room we nearly ripped each other's clothes off. In a flash we were on the bed touching each other all over. I was rock hard and would cum very quickly I knew. I started to mount Lisa. 

"Whoa racehorse" she giggled, "Where is the fire? Besides, I want to feel your tongue on my bald pussy first." 

Actually, I also wanted to feel my tongue on her bald pussy, so I was more than happy to oblige. It really did feel different, too. I was teasing her cunt lips and slipping my tongue in and out of her. She was moaning loudly in a matter of seconds after I started and was soon demanding I give her clit some attention. I teased her quite a while longer before finally attacking her clit. Almost immediately she started bucking and cumming. In fact almost as soon as her first orgasm ended, another started. The second one seemed even more intense and lasted longer.

Once she finally stopped cumming, I slid up and held her close while she recovered and her breathing slowed. By now my cock was really throbbing. 

After a short time she said "Wow, that was so intense. I don't know if it will stay like this once I get use to being clean shaven, but I'm damn sure going to find out. AND MISTER, you are going to pay for teasing me so long!"

I didn't care. Giving her that powerful an orgasm would be worth it, I thought.

Soon we were kissing and caressing each other again. I was sucking on Lisa's nipples, which she loves. It also is one of the fastest ways to turn her on. She was nearly ignoring my cock and balls, in part I'm sure, because she knew it would take very little to put me over the edge. After what seemed like forever to me, she was obviously very turned on again.

"Fuck me" she said. Just her words almost made me cum. I was in her in a flash. "Go very, very slowly. I want this to last!"

It was incredibly hard to go slow, but Lisa was insistent. If I stroked other than at the slowest of paces she would tell me to slow down. "Or you'll pull out and be done for tonight." I could barely control myself, and yet she was making me go so slowly that I wasn't getting any closer.

She made matters all the worse by saying "Oh God you're hard. That feels sooo good. I just want this to last and last and last. God it feels good. I told you that you would pay for teasing me!" I was frantic, but she kept making me slow down every time I'd even slightly speed up.

Finally she started to moan. I knew she was almost there. She grabbed me and yelled "Cum with me" just as she stiffened. I pounded my cock in and out of her and we erupted together. We collapsed in each other's arms and just lay there for quite a while.

"There, I wanted you to have a fresh start for what I have in mind for the rest of our vacation" she said as she rolled over to go to sleep.

I cuddled her with a big smile on my face. Our vacation was off to a fantastic start.
The next morning we slept in a bit, but soon we were ready to get poolside. We had a light breakfast from room service and were getting ready to head out. Lisa had taught me a trick about sunscreen many years before. Put it on before you get dressed. You don't miss any spots and you don't get it on your suit. We did each other's backs, then started to cover the rest of ourselves. Lisa was putting on quite a show, obviously for my benefit. It was having the desired effect too. Her running her hands all over her body was a very erotic sight. Since I was paying rather close attention I couldn't help but notice that she was putting on the sunscreen nearly as if she were going out in the sun totally naked. The only spots she missed were her nipples and her twat. She especially had given her ass a good coating. I first assumed it was just to add to the show she was putting on for me. I'd soon find out differently.

She went to the dresser and took out her new suit. Once she had it on I audibly gasped. "You like?" she teased. My God! It was made of a shinny almost metallic looking material, which I was sure would sparkle in the sun, drawing even more attention to it (as if that was necessary). I could have made this suit out of some string and one of my handkerchiefs and had material left over. There were two tiny triangles of materials, plus some string, that formed the top. The distance between them was a good two inches. I saw no way that it could stay in place. It barely covered her nipples and that was all, plus the material was such that you could fairly clearly see the outline of her nipples, though it was totally opaque. The bottom was similar. It was made up of a roughly triangular piece that started just about where the top of her bush would have been and narrowed to something slightly wider than a Band-Aid that ended deep in her crack just far enough up the back to cover her anus. The rest was three pieces of string. That it didn't fall off while she was standing there seemed to defy the laws of gravity. I was certain she couldn't move and keep it on.

"I'm positive I don't want anyone else seeing you in it!" I finally managed to reply.

She was far more erotic than if she was completely nude. And I was positive she would not attract any more attention if she went to the pool that way.

"Good" she smiled, "then I must have accomplished the look I was after."

My cock was nearly at full mast just from looking at her.

"Get your suit on and lets head to the pool" she laughed.

"Are you really going out in public like that?" I asked, quite seriously.

"Peter, don't be so possessive. Isn't it going to excite you to see me like this around the pool all week? And besides, do you think we're likely to see anyone we know? Now get your suit on and let's go."

Since Lisa had unpacked and put everything away, I asked her where my suit was. She indicated one of the drawers. When I opened it I didn't see my suit, just a tiny men's Speedo. "What is this?" I asked.

"I bought you a present", was Lisa's reply.

"Lisa, where is my suit? I'm not going to wear this." I was starting to get irritated, if she hadn't brought my swimsuit I was really going to be mad.

"Peter, I brought your old fuddy duddy suit too, so don't get your tail in a knot. But please wear the new one I bought you. You'll really look sexy in it" she said rather coyly.

I wasn't as good about staying in shape as Lisa, but I keep fit. So it wasn't embarrassment about how I would look in the suit that kept me from wanting to wear it. I just have a conservative streak, at least in public, and the suit Lisa had bought me would leave very little to the imagination. It wouldn't be quite like Lisa's look, but then buck-naked I wouldn't attract the attention I knew she was going to. I just couldn't bring myself to wear it. Especially knowing that Lisa would do everything she could to give me a hard on which would then be obvious to even the casual observer.

I finally asserted myself. "Lisa, I am NOT wearing that in public!"

"Oh please, ... for me?" she tried one last time, truly sounding like I was letting her down.

"I just can't."

"Okay, but we're both going to regret it" she replied. I was sure that was true, even though I had no idea what she was referring to. "Lets go then." And with that she tossed me my old suit and headed out the door to the pool.

I jumped into the 'fuddy duddy' and following Lisa, I couldn't keep my eyes off her swaying ass. Damn she looked good. I was getting horny just looking at her walk. And my imagination wasn't helping any either. I could just tell that by the end of each day we would both be 'fully charged' and the thought of a week of nights like the previous one would definitely result in one of the best vacations ever. It wouldn't turn out quite as I had in mind.

We found a couple of lounge chairs with a pool table to camp out in for the day. As I knew would be the case, virtually every man in the place was staring slack jawed at Lisa. She got quite a few looks from the women too. I was a jumble of feelings, lust was certainly at the top of the list; proud that I was the one with her; and somewhat jealous of the attention she was getting. Much as I'd felt at dinner the night before, but more so for some reason. Emotions are strange. Lisa and I have been together a long time and have never given each other anything to be jealous about. We have a rock solid relationship, and my logic circuits are positive of that. My emotions however still let jealousy slip in now and then.

We settled down and were reading and soaking up the sun and really starting to relax. I found myself unable to keep my eyes off of Lisa. She looked sexier than I'd ever seen her, or so it seemed at the time. She seemed oblivious, but I knew better. She had done this for one primary purpose and I knew it. It was working, too. I felt like an adolescent teenage boy (which I haven't been for quite a while now) and every 17 seconds my mind had only one thought.

Lisa can sit in the sun like a lizard on a rock. I can't stand to just bake, so I was in and out of the pool rather frequently, to cool off (in more ways than one) and to get up and move around. I'm the naturally restless type. When in the pool I was checking out the rest of the people around the pool, especially the female people (hey, I'm a guy right!). The pool area was rather full and there were mostly couples, of all ages and appearances, but the majority were young and attractive, confirming my observations of the night before. There were at least a handful of very attractive, well built women there, and most were wearing quite revealing suits, but it didn't take long for me to confirm that Lisa was the best built, best looking and wearing the absolutely most revealing suit in the whole resort. At least from my perspective.

In addition to the guests, there was the staff. There were several attractive young women in skimpy outfits that were providing bar service poolside. And there was the activity staff, two young men and two young women. The guys were both wearing suits very much like the one Lisa had bought me, and I was now convinced I'd done the right thing. The comparison wouldn't have boosted my ego a lick, and the revealing nature of that kind of suit was evident. You could readily tell the endowment of each of these lads. Both were muscular and good looking, without an ounce of fat on them. One was appeared to be native Mexican and the other looked like an import from the beaches of California, blond hair, blue eyes and bronzed colored skin.

The two girls both appeared to be from the states. One was very athletically built, dark hair and eyes. Very pretty, with small breasts and a great ass. She was wearing a suit that look like hotpants on the bottom and a sports bra on the top, it fit the athletic look. The second looked like a stereotype beach bimbo. Blond, blue eyes, very large but extremely firm tits and a nice round ass. Though there was not an once of fat on her either. She was wearing a traditional bikini, but somewhat conservative in style.

It wasn't long before I could tell why all four of them were in such good shape, they never stopped moving. Their job was to provide activities for the guests so inclined. Pool aerobics, beach volleyball, step aerobics poolside, water volleyball and a resort exclusive, Tequila volleyball every afternoon. Whoever missed the ball got a drink of Poolwater from a large sports bottle. No, not water from the pool, a green concoction that was mostly Tequila!

I know this has been a bit of a long background, but it will all fit in as the rest of the story unfolds.

We'd been at the pool for a couple of hours and I'd been in and out several times, Lisa only a couple, but the sun was very hot. Wanting to be very careful on our first day, Lisa suggested we should both refresh our sunscreen. I got it out and we help each other put on another layer. As you can probably guess, Lisa 'required' far more help than was really necessary and rubbing my hands more or less all over her body was certainly having an effect on me. One I'm sure she had in mind. She also helped me more than I really needed, especially by having me lay on my stomach and do my back (which I couldn't reach) and then before I could move, doing the backs of my legs (which I could reach just fine) from my ankles right up to my crotch. She somewhat, but only somewhat, discreetly spent quite a bit of time on the insides of my thighs. Even the part that was high enough my suit covered them. I doubt I need describe the effect all of this had on me.

We laid in the sun a while longer reading, then about 1:00 we decided to go have a bite of food and then retire to the room. We didn't want to overdo the sun on our first day and siestas are often a regular feature of our days when on vacation, no matter what country we're in.

Once back in the room, Lisa talked me into taking a shower together, to wash off the sunscreen, chlorine and sweat, was her reasoning. I knew better, but thought it was a good idea anyway. The sights poolside and the two Margaritas at lunch had my libido in high gear. I was optimistic that siesta time might prove to hold more than sleep. 

Just undressing and stepping into the shower together had me semi hard. Lisa made that fully hard in a matter of seconds by taking the soap and starting to wash my chest while suggesting that I return the favor. Soon we were washing each other all over. I was still getting used to the unique feel of her bald pussy, and while I gently washed it she was slowly washing the sides of my balls with both hands and lots of soap. It's an area on me that is very sensitive. We continued this way for some time. Exploring all of each other's bodies with our hands. Finally Lisa whispered in my ear, "Rinse off and lets go to bed, I want to feel your tongue some more."

That was all the encouragement I needed. We sensuously dried each other and were soon laying in each others arms on just the bottom sheet. After a few minutes of hugs and kisses, Lisa looked straight in my eyes and said "If you make me cum with your tongue, I'll suck your cock just the way you like."

It took me at least another half second before I was slurping away. Evidently Lisa was just as turned on as I was. She started moan immediately and was cumming in a matter of minutes. Wanting to score as many points as possible, I gently kept at it will she caught her breath and then started working her back up to a second orgasm. The second one was slower to build and took longer to achieve but was at least as intense as the first. This time when she finished, I slid up next to her and held her in my arms. 

We laid like that for quite a while my throbbing cock resting on her thigh. Soon her breathing was slow and regular and I though she had dozed off. My raging hard on wanted very much to feel her lips sliding over it, but I wasn't going to wake her. However, she wasn't asleep at all, and just about that time she reached down and started to caress my balls. It felt like electricity was flowing through them. Slowly she slid downward and was soon doing exactly as she had promised. Sucking my cock just the way I like. Slow and with deep, long strokes. Lisa is the most extraordinary fellatrix on Earth (I haven't really known very many, but she must be!)

Soon my balls were boiling and I was thrashing as I built to a climax. It was going to be a great vacation. Just as I was about to explode, she slowed to the point of holding me right on the edge, not backing off, but not getting any closer. "Please baby, finish me, I can't stand any more" I begged. That was the wrong thing to do.

"Okay darling, I won't make you stand it any more" and with that she stopped all together and rolled over to go to sleep.

"Oh Lisa, don't do this, please! I really need to cum. Besides, you promised you'd suck me just the way I like!"

She rolled to me and started to very gently and slowly stroke my cock with one hand while holding my balls tenderly in the other. "Peter, I did suck you cock the way you like, I just didn't make you cum the way you like. And I never said I would do that part!" she giggled. "Besides, you loved last night and I want to be fucked again tonight with the hard as steel cock of yours. So just trust me and go, to, sleep."

With that she rolled over again. I knew any further protest on my part would be useless, besides, she had a point. I had loved the previous night, and while I might ache the rest of the day, a repeat performance would be worth it. I had a hard time relaxing, but after a while the sun and the Tequila were enough to allow me to fall into a restful sleep.

I awoke to Lisa slowly stroking my cock. "Hi sleepy head" she had evidently been awake for a while. The condition of my cock indicated it had been awake longer than the rest of me too.

"When I woke up you had a hard on, I just couldn't resist playing with it" she said. By now I was awake enough that I could see the devilish smile on her face. She continued to stroke me nice and steadily. I was getting close once again. She kept stroking. I was quickly approaching the point of no return. I started to thrust my hips and moan. She slowed her strokes even more. I was right on the edge. She kept stroking slowly, holding me agonizingly close to cumming.

"Please, Lisa, make me cum, please!" I begged. 

"I told you I want you rock hard for later tonight" she said through a big smile as she kept stroking ever so slowly.

"I'll still be rock hard tonight even if you let me cum now, PLEASE!" I begged some more.

Just as I reached the point of no return, she stopped and giggled, "I'm not taking any chances!" And with that she hopped off the bed. "Come on, let's get dressed and go out." And with that she head toward the bathroom. I knew I was simply going to have to wait until later.
My cock was twitching and throbbing and hard as a rock. And I had that familiar dull ache in my crotch from a set of overly cum filled nuts. This was to Lisa's obvious delight and exactly what she had planned on. It was several minutes before my condition ebbed enough for me to even dress. Lisa bouncing around the room in the buff, collecting her outfit wasn't helping any either. Again a situation she was fully aware of and exploiting for all she could.

We decided to go casual for the evening. Lisa put on a pair for fairly conservative, but brightly colored shorts and a silk tee shirt with a rather low neckline. The shorts showed off her wonderful ass and long legs, also it was impossible to miss the fact that she wasn't wearing a bra. In short she oozed sex appeal. I could tell it was going to be a long evening for me. I was wearing a loose fitting pair of khaki shorts and a lightweight, short sleeve Polo shirt.

It was the time of year when the sun set pretty early and it was just about a half an hour before tonight's sunset. We went by the bar and picked up a drink, then headed down to the beach to watch the sun sizzle into the ocean, our description of a tropical sunset over the water. Sitting on the beach with a drink and watching this is an almost nightly ritual of our annual vacations. As we walked from the bar and around the pool on the way to the beach, Lisa was once again the focus of much attention. And again I was torn between being very proud of being the one with her and jealous over the looks other men were bestowing on her.

The sun had set, our drinks were empty and it was getting rather dark, so we decided to head off to dinner. We choose the casual outdoor bistro that specialized in authentic Mexican food. Dinner was excellent and we ordered a very nice wine to complement it. We dined slowly, enjoying each other's company and talking about what activities we might want to do the rest of our trip. Lisa was very animated and was laughing and giggling regularly, which had the result of keeping my eyes being drawn to her chest repeatedly. I knew it was calculated on her part, but I was helpless to resist. Her nipples were quite erect, which was very obvious under the thin silk material, a clear indication of her sexual mood. I was clearly in for a night of it.

In addition to her provocative presence, she continually would reach over and lightly stroke the inside of my thigh with her fingertips as high as she could. The combined effect plus the stimulation of earlier in the day, was keeping my cock semi-hard the entire time.

After our two hour dinner, we headed back to the lounge at the other restaurant where we'd eaten the previous night to enjoy an after dinner drink, and naturally Lisa wanted to dance. It was pretty much a repeat of the night before. Lisa holding the attention of every man in the place, me included, and doing everything she could to give me a hard on, especially during the occasional slow songs. I was actually glad the group was mostly playing lively Mariachi music.

Lisa had developed a delight in giving me an erection in public. And the more obvious it was to those around us, the more she seemed to enjoy it. The way I was dressed probably made it less obvious than the night before, but even if I'd been wearing a trench coat anyone looking on would know what was happening. I imagine that some of the other men around were having a similar problem just thinking about me. That one more time gave rise to my dueling emotions. 

After an hour or so during one of the slow songs, Lisa was pressing against me and moving in such a way as to be rolling my erect cock from side to side. She was actually getting me very close to cumming right there on the dance floor. Just as the song was ending Lisa whispered in my ear "I'm ready to take you to bed." I needed no coaxing. We went back to the table just long enough to sign the check and headed for the room. On the way to the room, Lisa was talking softly so no one could overhear, saying things like "I think you're hard enough for what I have in mind now." And "You're going to love putting that big hard cock in my nice wet pussy, aren't you?"

To which I naturally replied in the affirmative. "It's going to have made waiting all day worthwhile after all, don't you think?" She was doing a very effective job of verbally driving me crazy. I could hardly make it to the room without attacking her! Lisa was as turned on as I was. We nearly ripped off our clothes and were on the bed in a flash. We were hugging and kissing and I was especially being attentive to her boobs, with both my hands and my mouth.

After a relatively short time of this I realized that Lisa was consciously avoiding making contact with my cock as much as possible. I was about to say something about this when Lisa said "I should have shaved my pussy years ago, I just can't get enough of your tongue on it!" I needed little encouragement anyway. I've always loved the taste of Lisa's cunt. I thoroughly enjoy bringing her off with my mouth and I must admit now that it was bald, I was enjoying it even more for no reason that I can identify, except perhaps the novelty of it.

It wasn't long at all before Lisa was cumming and cumming hard, the day had worked her up too. Normally she has me stop after one orgasm, its just too sensitive she usually says, but this night she moaned as she ended her spasms "I'm being greedy, don't stop yet." Naturally I obliged. It wasn't very long until I sensed her approaching her second orgasm. Just as I could tell she was "right there" she started pulling gently at my head and said, "I want to feel you inside me, NOW!"

I plunged my cock into her sopping pussy with vigor. She made no attempt to control the situation, but just laid back and let me bang away hard and fast. It couldn't have been a half dozen strokes before she screamed "Oh God that's good" and came hard again. I was racing at full speed toward my own orgasm, which would not have taken much longer, when she told me to stop, she wanted to be on top. I groaned, because I knew it meant that my cumming would be dragged out quite a bit longer, but I must admit that prolonging this level of pleasure didn't sound all bad. 

Rather effortlessly we rolled so Lisa was on top, without me even sliding out of her. She started as I expected with slow stokes designed to maximize the pressure on her mons, but without giving a great deal of stimulation to my cock. It still felt damn good! To my great surprise Lisa was showing signs of cumming again soon. I was hoping we would cum together, but she started grinding in such a way that I wasn't getting stroked, but the stimulation to her clit was enough to put her over the edge one more time. Three orgasms this close together was unusual for Lisa, it demonstrated how sexually energized she was. Later I would figure out why.

Once she recovered a bit she started to ride me again. She was slowly bringing me closer and closer. She was up on her arms so that her breasts were swinging right in my face. She was treating my cock to torturously long and slow strokes that kept me moving closer and closer to orgasm, but at a very slow pace. Nevertheless I was in heaven. 

How she can do this so exactingly I don't understand, but as she rose up my cock I knew that the next down stroke would start me cumming. Instead of plunging back down on me as she had been, she just kept moving upward until my cock plopped out of her cunt. She more or less flopped down beside me in an obviously tired, sated mode.

A very guttural sound came out of my mouth that was mostly a "NO! Lisa, please don't do this. God I need to cum, please! Let me finish making love to you. Hell, let me finish fucking you!" It wasn't a conscious thought, but maybe I'd get points for honesty.

Lisa didn't say anything for a moment or two, nor even move. Then after a couple of minutes she reached over and started very lightly just touching my cock. "Would you be disappointed if I stopped for the night right now?" she asked, in a far more serious tone than I would have expected.

"I'd be devastated, you know I would. Please don't do this" was my reply.

"More disappointed than I was today when you wouldn't wear the nice new suit I got for you as a present?"

Shit! I was fucked! I instantly realized a number of things. Mostly that Lisa had planned today since she'd bought the Speedo! I knew there was no way I was cumming tonight. I really didn't know how to respond. It turned out I didn't have to.

"The answer is no, I was really hurt that you didn't like the present I got you. And now, I'm going to sleep. We'll talk about it more tomorrow." With that she rolled over and was soon asleep. I knew she wasn't really hurt, in fact she had known with certainty how I'd react to the suit. And I'd played right into her hands. If I had any remaining doubt as to how our first vacation since my wife became a cock teaser extraordinaire would go, that doubt was now removed. And my balls would obviously spend a good deal of time full and aching. It was quite a while before I fell asleep.

I woke before Lisa, with a throbbing hard on. Just as I was coming out of the bathroom she started to stir. "Sleep well sweetheart?" she asked with a grin. Further confirmation that she wasn't at all mad or hurt, that things were unfolding exactly as she had in mind. The problem for me was, I didn't know the plan! My only choice was to wait and see what happened. We ordered coffee from room service and once it had been delivered Lisa began to give me an idea of what was to come (no pun intended, but it wasn't going to be me anytime soon).

"I had intended to let you cum every day this vacation, but after yesterday's disappointment that's all changed" (Definitely not true, but I was smart enough to keep my mouth shut) "Now you are going to have to earn your way back into my good graces, and that might take quite a long time!" This was all said through a very cocky grin. She knew she had me right where she wanted me, and so did I. Obviously I would do everything I could to please her, which was exactly what she had in mind all along.

"For starters, your going to wear the new suit I bought you from now on, aren't you?" While phrased as a question, it really wasn't.

"Yes, Lisa, I'll wear the suit you bought me. I'm sorry I didn't wear it yesterday, I didn't mean to hurt your feelings." I knew I hadn't but also knew I needed to make up some ground. 

"Good" she was really smiling now, "I know you'll look great in it! And if you are a really good boy and please me all day today, you might get to cum as soon as tomorrow." 

I groaned, that meant for sure I wouldn't be cumming today and I'd have to work very hard at everything Lisa wanted if I hoped to get off tomorrow even. In my current state, that sounded like forever. It would soon get much worse.

"But Lisa, if I get a hard on in that suit, anyone within a hundred yards will know, it will be so obvious. And I know you, you're going to do everything you can to make that happen. Its just too embarrassing, please don't"

"Peter, I'll tell you what. If you'll be a good sport and don't disappoint me, I promise I won't touch you in any way that's even remotely sexual, once we leave the room."

"Really, do you mean it?" I asked skeptically.

"Yes I do, but since you let me down, when we're in the room I'm going to want to play with my toy in all my favorite ways, starting right now. Come over here and stand in front of me, please," she added the please in a way that made it clear this wasn't a request. 

I actually shuddered. I knew exactly what she had in mind. Lisa has a teasing technique that she has perfected and it is THE most frustrating thing I've ever experienced. As horny as I already was this was going to be pure Hell!

Lisa was sitting on the edge of the bed. I did as she asked and moved until I was standing right in front of her. She had her feet flat on the floor about as far apart as the width of my shoulders. "Put your feet just outside of mine, touching them, and then don't you dare move" she directed. This had me positioned with my feet spread rather widely and my cock and balls presented to her directly in front of her face, which is a key element in her teasing torture. She can study my response very accurately and know exactly how far she can go without pushing me over the edge. "Clasp your hands behind your back." I did. 

"Okay, I want to be by the pool in a half an hour, so I think about 20 minutes of this will be just right" she said as if thinking it over. "Lets get started," she giggled. I realized that Lisa had me positioned so that I couldn't see a clock, which of course meant I'd have no idea how long was remaining of the 20 minutes, nor whether she might not extend the time without letting me know. Just thinking about what was going to happen was starting to give me an erection, betraying the love/hate feelings I have about these cock teasings.

"Looks like you can't wait to get started" Lisa laughed, loving my predicament. And with that she took my balls gently in each hand and lowered her mouth to my cock, sucking and licking slowly and deeply until I was rock hard and throbbing. In a very short time I was putting out precum like a leaky faucet. She then nestled both balls in her left hand while making my entire cock slick with the combination of her saliva and my precum. Now she went to work in earnest, while holding and gently massaging each ball in one hand she uses her thumbs to stroke my cock and roll it back and forth. She especially concentrates on moving her thumbs in a circular motion right below my cockhead. In all, she rather quickly has me very near an orgasm, but being right in front of her face to watch, and by holding my balls as she was, she can tell exactly how far to push me without making me cum.

The closer I get, the more she reduces the stimulation, which means I continue to get closer yet, but at a slower pace. It is a true Catch 22, the closer I get, the slower she goes, but that still pushes me closer and closer until she finally reaches the point where she knows that any more stimulation at all and I'll shoot cum like a fire hose! When she finally goes get to that point, and believe me she knows how to get to the very, very edge, she makes it even worse by taking each ball even more gently with all five fingertips evenly spaced around each testicle, and very gently massaging them, as if rolling an egg back and forth. As I've written before, no matter how desperate I am to cum, stimulating just my balls will not put me over, but it sure intensifies the ache to do so!

When she does stop stimulating my cock I am usually so close that my balls actually feel as if they are contracting and my cock literally twitches and spasms, but other than an increase in the amount of precum, nothing else happens and there is certainly no relief. The need to cum simply increases some more.

Lisa absolutely delights in this. She can't help but moan or blurt out something like "Oh God I love doing this to you! You can't imagine how much this turns me on" or "Oh, Peter this is making me sooo wet!" Naturally, that just escalates my wanting to cum all the more.

This particular day was no exception, in fact she was in rare form. She started by talking about how big and purple the head of my cock was getting, how the veins on the shaft were standing out looking as if they would burst. Soon she moved on to talking about how big and full my balls felt, how she was sure that my need to cum must be driving me crazy. It was of course, and listening to her talk about it just made it that much worse.

Once she stops stimulating my cock, to keep from making me cum, she pays very strict attention and just the second she knows she can start the stimulation again she does. This has the effect of making each subsequent cycle shorter and shorter, but she offsets that by starting back up with very light and minimal stimulation. Lisa has gotten to the point where she can subject me to several cycles before she has to stop.

I'd lost track of how many times she had pushed me to the very edge on this day, nor did I have any idea of how long she had been at it. My legs were getting rubbery and I knew I couldn't stand much more. The problem was that I knew if I did anything that caused Lisa to have to stop before she was ready, it would be a very long time before I came again. I started to beg her to stop, saying I really couldn't take any more.

Lisa loves it when she gets me to the point that I'm truly begging for her to stop, not just wanting to cum, but actually physically needing it. "Boy Peter, I just don't see how you're going to stand to wait until AT LEAST tomorrow to get to cum, these babies are as full as I think they've ever been" she taunted while doing the ball massage after the last peak.

"Lisa, please, I really can't take any more, you have to stop now, I'm about to collapse!" She knew I wasn't kidding, but nevertheless she was going to make her point about the Speedo.

"It is almost time, and no matter how much I'm enjoying this I don't want to cut in to my sun time too much" she said, "so just once more and we'll head to the pool." And true to her word, she started again. Somehow she seemed to prolong this last build up longer than any of the earlier ones, or so it seemed. When she finally stopped I did nearly collapsed onto the bed. I glanced at the clock and realized she had been at it for almost 40 minutes, but was smart enough to keep it to myself.

"Wow, that was really spectacular" she said proudly, "in fact I may have done it to myself, I'm horny as hell!" I could tell it was true, her nipples were sticking out like pencil erasers and she had a bit of a flush.

Seeing an opportunity to score some points, I positioned myself to lick her pussy. She didn't say a word, just spread her legs and gave me access to her lovely cunt. I slowly but steadily licked and sucked her to a glorious orgasm. Making my already serious ache even worse.

"On Peter, thank you. It makes me want to play with you a bit more," she said, but before I could even panic, she continued, "but, its time to head for the pool, so get your suit on like a good boy!"

At least that meant the physical teasing was over for a while, a break I desperately needed.

"And Peter, don't disappoint me further by making me have to wait for you"

It occurred to me that 'don't disappoint me' was likely to precede many comments for the rest of the day. I asked Lisa if I could shower first, but she was on to me and realized it would just be an attempt to stall. My cock was so rock hard and my pulse was still racing from her tease session that I would barely be able to get it in the Speedo, and certainly my present state would be obvious to everyone.

So Lisa took a quick shower and I jumped in the second she got out, turning the water as cold as I could stand in an attempt to get my erection to subside. It was clear Lisa realized what I was doing and was getting quite a kick out of my predicament, but she said nothing.

It wasn't long before Lisa let me know that she would be ready soon and if I didn't hurry, I'd end up keeping her waiting. The message was clear, get out of the shower now! I did. It had helped, but not much. I dried quickly, combed my hair and grabbed the suit. By now my cock wasn't standing straight out anymore, but it was a long way from fully soft. I slid into the suit and to my horror saw that things were much worse than I'd even imagined. The outline of my cock was clearly visible and there was no way to hide it. My angst, at least, had the effect of further deflating my cock so that it was now completely soft. As soon as I had the suit on Lisa was commenting on how right she was that it made me look sexy.

I figured that I'd wear one of my longer pool tops and leave it on, or stay in the water a lot and I'd get by. After all I wasn't the only man that would be wearing a suit like this. The two young activities staff for instance. And there were a couple of other guys I'd seen. It just wasn't my style, but no one else would know that, except of course Lisa. I got one of my longest pool shirts out and started to put it on, I should have known better. Lisa of course had other plans.

"No silly, not that old thing. Did you think I wouldn't get you a nice new top to go with your suit?" she asked laughing, as she headed to the closet. She returned, with what I must admit was a very nice shirt. It went well with the color of the suit and had three buttons up the front. But I could tell that buttoned it would just barely come down to my waist, and unbuttoned it would simply hang open in front.

Knowing I'd better just make the most of it, I put it on and commented on how nice it was. If I was going to wear this too, I might as well get some more points. Realizing I'd been snookered all around I decided I better make Lisa happy any way I could. 

"Okay, you ready? Let's head to the pool" I said with a big smile, not feeling like smiling at all. "Here, let me carry the bag." I saw one last chance to have something to hide behind.

"Nah, its not at all heavy." Lisa said as she snatched it off the bed and headed for the door.

Here we go, I thought to myself.

In a few minutes we were camped out poolside. I was hugely self-conscious and trying to be as unobtrusive as possible. After a few minutes, I looked around and didn't seem to be attracting a lot of attention. I started to relax just a bit, maybe I really didn't stand out any more than anyone else. I started working on my book. I was trying to avoid looking at Lisa, or any of the other women for that matter. In my state it wasn't going to take much to get me aroused.

Lisa was as good as her word and then some. She had done nothing to get me worked up. In fact she'd seemed pretty involved in her own book and had scarcely said anything at all. When she did, I'd put my book down, look right at her and give her my full attention. I was bound to give her no reason to be "disappointed"!

We'd been out for well over an hour when Lisa asked me to go get us something cold to drink. The bar was on exactly the opposite side of the pool, which meant I had to walk all the way around, something I'd hoped to avoid. It now occurred to me why Lisa had chosen this particular spot (DUH!). However knowing that I was stuck again, I quickly agreed and jumped up to head that way.

I really haven't described myself much, and don't really care to. But suffice it to say I'm reasonably well built and stay in decent shape. There are definitely a few extra pounds, but only a few. My "equipment" is what I'd call very average, though I'm convinced that the swimsuit made it seem larger. 

As I made my way around the pool I tried to avoid eye contact, especially with the women. I'd resigned myself to the situation and figured, what the Hell. If they look, they look. It's not like I've got the original model or anything. 

The line at the bar was rather long, so it took several minutes to get the drinks. As I started back, I could see Lisa was sitting up talking to a woman that was sitting in the chair I'd been using. I couldn't tell who it was, but I could clearly see they were having a rather animated conversation. I couldn't imagine that would be anything good for me. As I got around the end of the pool and could see more clearly, it became apparent that the other woman was the busty blond activities staff member.

As I approached, Lisa noticed me coming and the conversation suddenly stopped. I hoped I was being paranoid, but my instincts told me something was up. I'd just have to wait and see what.











As I walked up, Lisa looked up and said "Hi Peter, this is Mary. She was just looking for some beach volleyball players and I told her we'd join in!"

I groaned inwardly, but knew I'd better not 'disappoint' Lisa again. "Hi Mary, I'm Peter, volleyball sounds like fun." I said with more enthusiasm than I felt.

"I know," said Mary, "Lisa's been telling me all about you." She definitely had a twinkle in her eye that worried me. "Here let me give you your chair back."

"Don't be silly," Lisa jumped in "we've been sitting all day, you probably enjoy a minute or two off your feet."

I wasn't fooled by this for a second. I was standing with my hands in front of me holding drinks and my crotch right at eye level for these two women. Further, I was looking down at two of the finest sets of tits I'd ever seen and the cleavage from this angle was making my cock start to stir. I couldn't make eye contact with either of them without making cleavage contact too. They were both leaning back with their hands behind them on the lounges, so as to be able to look up at me, but the effect was to thrust four tits right in my direction.

I swear Mary kept looking from my eyes to my crotch and back again, smiling and even licking her lips occasionally. This couldn't have be a coincidence I was positive. Finally after several minutes of this, during which I concentrated as hard as I could on anything but sex, which in my state of mind was NOT easy, Mary said she really had to get back to work. During this time I know my cock was pulsing. It would surge as I looked at her and Lisa's tits. I couldn't help it. 

As Mary stood up she smiled at me and said "Nice suit by the way".

I was convinced that Lisa was up to something regarding Mary. However maybe it was just wishful thinking on my part.

As soon as Mary left, Lisa started in about the volleyball. I wasn't really interested but I knew I had no choice. About 30 minutes later we were down on the beach starting the game. I ended up on the same team as Lisa, and Mary was on the other team. The rotation worked out so I was right behind Lisa half the time and when I was in the front row I was usually directly opposite Mary, with Lisa right behind me.

We played for about an hour. It drove me crazy. In my state of horniness, watching Mary (who was a VERY energetic player) bounce up and down right in my face about 18 inches away, was quite stimulating. Then when that wasn't the case, I was watching Lisa's absolutely perfect ass jiggle and bounce. I knew why Lisa had insisted. It was very hot, so everyone was ready to quit at the end of the hour. Lisa and I said goodbye to Mary headed off to have lunch.

Before we even sat down, Lisa was asking me if I'd enjoyed the volleyball. I good-naturedly said it was fun. Then I figured out the trap as Lisa said, "I would imagine it was fun, you couldn't keep your eyes off Mary's tits!" Once again Lisa was acting put out but she couldn't keep the smile out of her voice. "I guess I'm just not enough of a turn on for you. I'll have to try harder!" she said.

I groaned involuntarily. This brought a laugh out of Lisa.

After lunch Lisa said she wanted to take a quick swim before we headed up to the room. It sounded fine to me. We jumped in and cooled off. Swimming easily for a few minutes. However when we got out Lisa insisted we do it on the side of the pool away from the elevator. It meant we would have to walk all the way around the pool to go to the room. I soon figured out why. My darling wife knew that when it got wet, my suit was even more revealing than dry. It became semi transparent and it clung like a second skin. My cock was very clearly visible. I know I turned bright red. Lisa insisted I go ahead and of course, walked very slowly. I'd been had again.

Once we reached the room, she stood in front of me and staring straight into my eyes she started tracing the outline in my suit with her fingernails. First she scratched around my balls and then she used a single finger to trace from the base of my cock up one side to the tip and down the other. She repeated this several times. Within seconds I was rock hard again. Once she had me fully erect, she slid my suit down just enough for the head of my cock to stick out the top. She then started rubbing it all over with her fingertips, using the precum that was now oozing out as a lubricant. It was no time at all before I was on the verge of cumming. Just as I reached the point of no return she quickly stopped and turned around. 

Heading for the bathroom she said over her shoulder, "I'm going to take a quick shower before I lie down for a while. Why don't you join me?" I was helpless to resist, and desperate to cum. Perhaps more so than I'd ever been.

As I got in the shower with her I tried logic. Silly me. "Lisa, this is our vacation. I really didn't expect this. You have me so terribly horny I really can't take much more. Plus, I want you so bad. I don't just need to cum, I really need to make love to you. You look so incredibly hot I can't stand not being inside you! Please Lisa, this has gone far enough."

"Oh, Peter, that's so sweet. I do love you. And you have been a really good sport. Okay, I'll tell you what, you put up with me until tonight and I'll give you a really big surprise at the end of the evening. Okay? I'll even take it easy on you until then."

"Do you really mean it?" I asked. 

"Peter, you know I never lie to you!"

"I know" I was sure she was up to something, but I didn't know what, nor did I have any real choice.

We finished our shower and took a short nap. I awoke to Lisa's stroking of my once again rock hard cock. "I woke up and you were hard, I just couldn't resist," she explained.

"What about the taking it easy?" I replied.

"Oh yeah. Okay, lets get dressed and go out then."

With that she stopped and climbed out of bed. I wasn't sure if I was glad she stopped or not. My head was in a complete twirl. I was positive that if I didn't cum soon, I'd go nuts.

We dressed and headed out to the beach for our evening drink before dinner. Lisa looked the most stunning she had yet. Maybe it was my state, but she looked absolutely gorgeous and her outfit was another showstopper.

The evening went much as the previous nights. Dinner, then dancing, except Lisa was true to her word and took it easy on my libido, other than just looking good enough to eat.

We were off to our room earlier than usual. I hoped that was a good sign for me.

We were quickly in bed and Lisa told me she was very, very horny and wanted to feel my tongue on her clit. She pointed out that she hadn't cum since last night. The implication was clear; I hadn't earned any points today. Damn, I wasn't think straight anymore I was so horny.

I immediately buried my face in her snatch, licking and sucking with my very best techniques. Obviously Lisa hadn't exaggerated, within minutes she was shaking with her first orgasm. I didn't even slow down, I kept going until she was cumming again, which didn't take very long either. After her second I did slow down, but didn't stop. Wanting to prolong her third orgasm and hopefully earn her favor. It took quite a while, but I slowly built her up to a third orgasm. This one was absolutely shattering. She shook for what must have been a full minute, before going completely limp. I started to gently lick her some more, but...

"Stop, Peter I've had it. Just hold me."

I quickly complied. We were lying side by side with our arms around each other, and my rock hard cock trapped between our stomachs. Lisa felt totally relaxed. My cock was throbbing, but I had the good sense to just wait and see what happened next. It was quite a long time, but finally Lisa started to stir a bit and soon she had her hand on my cock, stroking it very lightly.

"Peter, that was fantastic. Now I'm going to give you the surprise I promised." As she cupped my balls gently she continued, "Wow, I can tell how full they are. Does my baby need to cum? Does it ache really, really bad? Oh God, you must really need it, huh baby?"

I could only moan "Oh God yes Lisa, please! I need it so bad, worse than it's ever been. Please make me cum." 

"Would you like to cum in my mouth and have me swallow every drop of that huge load you've been building up, would you like that?"

"You know I would, please, no more teasing, just suck me off now."

"You sure that's what you want, Peter?"

"Please, NOW, I'm so desperate!"

With that she said "Okay, lie still then" and started to lick my balls. She spent a long time just teasing my scrotum with her tongue before she finally started to take my cock deep in her mouth. Slowly she slid up and down my pole, slobbering all over my cock. I started to thrust my hips against her mouth and she immediately stopped. "Lie STILL! Or I'm going to stop"

"No, God No, I'll be still!" It was so hard to not thrust. She was going soooo slow. As I would get even anywhere near cumming, which of course wasn't taking much, she would stop sucking me and start licking all around my cockhead. Treating it like an ice cream cone. She went back and forth between these treatments several times, until it was obvious that I was about to cum no matter what. Finally she started a nice steady sucking. Giving me firm and long strokes, while massaging my balls with one hand. I was racing toward a climax. God it felt so good, finally I was going to get some relief. It was going to be an amazing orgasm, I knew.

My balls started to tighten and Lisa picked up the pace just a bit more. My cock swelled slightly and again she sucked harder. I could feel the cum about to explode out of my cock and the head swelled just a little bit more as my balls started their contracting. And WHAM! Lisa let my cock pop out of her mouth and stopped touching me all together. "Surprise!" she squealed. 

I screamed "NO! You can't. Oh GOD DON'T"

She was actually laughing, "I can't believe what a BITCH I am!" 

"No Lisa, you promised. You can't do this. LISA! PLEASE FOR GOD SAKE NO!"

I was almost in tears.

"Peter, I know this is hard on you, but, I need to know you've learned your lesson. You should have worn the suit I bought you on the first day. Also, you shouldn't have made me go all day without cumming today, and I shouldn't have to ask. Now, if you do better tomorrow, I'll let you put your cock inside me and fuck me for as long as you want tomorrow night. But you better behave between now and then!" With that she rolled over and pulled up the covers. I knew it was useless to say anything else. I had the worst set of blue balls of my whole life and was totally miserable. Sleep was slow in coming. The fact that Lisa had given me the chance to fuck her nonstop the following evening, if I only didn't mess up before then gave me hope and determination.

When I woke the next morning I was absolutely determined not to give Lisa any reason to be disappointed all day long. I could see that she was just starting to wake up herself. I pulled back the covers and stared at her beautiful body for a moment and then I gently moved between her legs and start to lick her pussy. It was soon responding by getting very wet. In a mater of minutes she had her knees up and legs spread as was starting to moan. I went very slowly, building her to a climax. It took many minutes but finally she was drenching my face with her juices and shaking all over.

"Wow! What a great way to wake up. You really did pay attention last night didn't you? Keep that effort up all day and your cock will spend as long inside my cunt as you like!"

Just the thought made my already hard cock even harder. A fact, which Lisa noted. "Come here Peter, let me see how full your balls are." As I stood beside the bed Lisa took my balls in her hands and started to slowly massage them, "Wow, Peter this must be driving you wild, these babies are sooo full. I don't know how you can stand this" she giggled, "But then I haven't really given you a choice have I? I don't know what's gotten into me, I am really enjoying being such a total bitch!" By now she was actually laughing.

"Lisa, I'll do anything you want today, just promise me you won't renege on letting me fuck you tonight, please!"

To my surprise she replied, "Alright Peter, you've been great. I promise you can fuck me as long as you want tonight. But you have to do it the way I ask, okay?"

Of course I agreed. I tried to make sure Lisa hadn't built in some loophole I was missing. But she promised I could fuck her as long as I wanted, as long as it was her way. She also promised that she wouldn't do anything to keep me from cumming once I was inside her. I thought I had all the bases covered. 

Lisa slowly released my balls and then rubbed her hand over her mound. A smile came to her face. "Peter, I think a little stubble is growing back. Would you shave me?"

I didn't want to do this. It would of course drive me even more insane. And God forbid I might nick her or something. But naturally I didn't have a choice. So into the bathroom we went and since there was no tub we had to do this in the shower. Lisa stood with her legs wide apart while I kneeled in front of her. I lathered her up and very slowly and carefully removed the very slight stubble that had grown back. I know that wasn't why she wanted me to do this. My nose was right at the height of her pussy and she was obviously very turned on by this. Her scent was filling my nostrils. I made sure I touched and stimulated Lisa's clit every chance I could. By the time I had her all smooth and rinsed I could tell she was ready for more. Her clit was swollen and sticking out of its hood. 

I set down the shaving equipment and without missing a beat started tonguing and fingering her. She was soon well on her way to a second orgasm of the still young day. I was determined to make her cum many times today. Soon she was holding herself up on my shoulders and cumming hard.

My cock was throbbing and twitching once again, and the day had hardly started. Lisa ignored that fact as she regained her composure. "We need to hurry or we'll miss the bus," she said, as if she had just finished drying her hair rather than having been brought to a knee buckling orgasm.

We had signed up for a snorkeling tour and the bus left in about 20 minutes. We quickly dressed in more conservative suits that day. It just wasn't practical to go snorkeling in the ones we'd been wearing by the pool. I stuffed my cock in my suit as best I could, grabbed our gear and we were out the door.

The tour was crowded, but we had a great time and the snorkeling was fantastic. It was a very 'normal' day and there was no cock teasing on Lisa's part. I needed the break and it would have be blatant for Lisa to do anything much in this setting.

When we got back to the room, we cleaned up and took a rest, got dressed and headed to the beach to watch the sunset. Lisa was still acting normal and doing no overt cock teasing. She wore another killer outfit, but nothing other than that. I was speculating that since we were going to fuck ourselves silly at the end of the night, she was planning an ordinary evening. And that's the way it went. Dinner and dancing, other than her whispering in my ear during the slow dances things like "I can't wait to feel your big, hard cock inside me, Peter" and "I'm going to enjoying you fucking me sooo much" and the one that got to me the most, "Oh Baby, I bet you can't stop thinking about what its going to feel like when you cum inside my moist, wet pussy, can you?"

Of course I couldn't stop thinking about exactly that!

Finally Lisa said it was time to go up to our room. It was all I could do to keep from running. When we got there I near tore my clothes off and hers too. She started to laugh, "In a bit of a hurry, are we?"

"Lisa, I'm totally frantic, as you well know!"

"Okay" she said as she finished undressing and walked over to start stroking my cock, "but in your condition, I'm afraid if I don't get one first, I'll never keep up with you." With that she lie back on the bed and spread her legs. The message was obvious. I didn't hesitate a moment as I dove into her lovely lips with my tongue. My instinct was to attack her clit hard and fast and then ram my cock inside her, but I managed somehow to control myself and be a considerate lover. She slowly built to yet another climax. She actually let out a little scream this time.

I slowly started kissing my way up her stomach to her breasts, where I concentrated on her nipples for a while. Then up her chest and neck and finally her lips as my cock head parted her pussy and slid deep inside her. Just as I started my first thrust she exclaimed, "Wait! My way I said."

I groaned loudly, but said, "Okay, I promised. How do you want it?" Not very romantic I know, but I was beyond caring at this point.

"Lie down here" she patted to the bed, indicating I should roll off her "I have to get something." She jumped up and went into the bathroom. It seemed like forever when she finally came out again. My cock had started to soften and was now only semi erect. She when to her dresser and I could tell she got something out, but I didn't know what. She took a few more seconds and did something, then returned to the bed. I still couldn't tell what she had with her. She sat on the side of the bed.

"This is how I want to do it" and with that she displayed a cock sheath, not that I knew what it was, it looked like a dildo and I was very confused and extremely suspicious.

"Lisa, you said I could put my cock inside you and fuck as long as I want. What's that for?" I was starting to get angry.

"And you will. But I also said, 'My way' and this is it. I'm going to put this on you and then you can fuck me as much as you want!" she giggled.

"NO! That isn't the deal we made" I was really starting to get mad.

"PETER" Lisa said in her most stern voice, the one that told me if I wasn't careful, I'd regret it even more. I struggled to get control of my anger. "I said MY WAY, now I'm going to put this on you and you are going to fuck me as much, as long, and as hard as you want. Which is what I promised you. I'm not reneging on my promise, so don't accuse me of doing so. It's this way or not at all, you choose!"

Even though I was mad, and knew I'd been had again, I also knew better than to fight the inevitable. Besides, I assumed this device would just prolong my orgasm and that Lisa wanted more before I finally got off. I couldn't have been more wrong.

Let me now explain this little gizmo, as I doubt most have never seen a device quite like this. It is an incredibly diabolic thing. When I later was able to examine it closely I understood. It is a very thin aluminum tube, just barely bigger in diameter than my cock for a length of about five inches. That part of the device is lined with a thin coat of soft neoprene (the stuff they make wetsuits out of). The end of it is a cock head shaped chamber that is just big enough for the head of my cock when it is fully engorged. It surrounds the cock head, but without making any contact at all. You can probably see where this is going.

The device is slid over the cock when its semi erect. Then Lisa stimulates my balls until a full erection is achieved. The tube portion is held tightly in place by the neoprene on the first few inches of my cock shaft, but there is no contact at all with the sensitive part of the shaft just below the head, nor with the head itself. The tube is tight enough that when my cock gets completely hard, the sheath is held snuggly in place and the tightness, while not uncomfortable at all, helps restrict the blood flow just enough to make the cock even harder and the head swell even more.

At this point there is no way to stimulate my cock enough to cause an orgasm, no matter how turned on I am. Even pumping away furiously at Lisa's pussy, the only sensation I have is the skin on the base few inches of my cock moving up and down. Its just not stimulation enough to get off. The sensitive part of the cock and the head are totally isolated from any stimulation at all.

The outside of the sheath is coated with a thin layer of that gelatinous rubber that is used to make lifelike dildos. In effect, that's what the sheath is, just with a way to put it over a real cock. The net effect is a device that is just slightly bigger in every dimension than my own cock, but very slightly. I'm almost positive that Lisa had it custom made using my own cock's measurements, but I can't be sure.

Now that you understand the sheath, let me resume the story. Knowing she had won again, Lisa took a small dab of lubricant and spread it all over my cock. Naturally as soon as she touched me I started to get harder again. Exactly what she had in mind. As that was happening, she slid on the sheath and made sure it was all the way down against my pubis. To completely harden me, she massaged my balls with one hand while holding the sheath tight against the base of my cock with the other.

Once my cock was completely hard and trapped inside the sheath, Lisa proceeded "Okay stud, now fuck me silly!"

At this point I still thought that the device would just prolong my orgasm. I quickly slid my now encased cock in Lisa's sopping pussy and started to pound away. I'm sure it was largely the head game she'd played, but within moments Lisa was cumming hard. I was quickly learning that there was barely enough stimulation to keep me hard. No way would this every make me cum no matter what I did. Yet I couldn't stop fucking her hard. And she kept cumming and cumming. It was the most frustrating thing I'd every experienced. I don't know how long it was, but I slammed away at her pussy until I finally was exhausted. And Lisa was just smiling and cumming the whole while. I collapsed on the bed next to her. 

"My God that was good!" she gasped "I don't think I've every cum that many times in a row. I think this new toy has serious potential!"

I just groaned. My cock was throbbing, my balls were aching as much as they ever had in my life and this damn thing was still keeping me hard even as I tried to catch my breath. After a few minutes my cock softened enough for me to remove the sheath. I tossed it across the room.

"Peter, don't get grouchy now! You've been so cooperative, I'm going to let you cum."

I was still suspicious, but said, "Do you mean it?" I was truly desperate.

"Yes, I do" Lisa replied, "but I'm too worn out after the way you fucked me. It's a good worn out though. Peter, I'm going to make you cum HARD, before we even get out of bed in the morning, AND no more teasing the rest of the vacation. We'll fuck and suck as much as you want, I promise. But I'm so tired I need to sleep now." And with that she rolled over and was asleep almost instantly.

It took a long time before I fell asleep. I kept playing over in my mind if there was still a trick left that Lisa would some how keep me in my current state even longer. I couldn't find one and finally fell asleep sure that in the morning this would finally end and I could look forward to lots of wonderful sex for the last few days of our trip.
As I slowly woke I quickly realized that Lisa had somehow restrained my wrists to the corners of the bed. I was lying on my back with my arms stretched up and out. Lisa was sitting on the side of the bed just smiling at me.

"Lisa, what is this!" I demanded, "You promised last night!"

"And I'm going to keep my promise right now. I said I'd make you cum HARD before we even get out of bed. Are either one of us out of bed?"

"No" I reluctantly agreed.

"And one of us isn't going to get out of bed until I say so, right?"

I just groaned softly, but in spite of myself I was starting to get hard.

"See, you're getting excited already, so don't complain" Lisa said as she reached over and ran one finger up and down the underside of my cock very lightly causing me to shiver. "Peter, I'm going to do exactly what I promised, and you'll love it. I'm going to make you cum harder than you ever have. And I'm going to start right now, but I'm afraid it might take a while."

And with that Lisa got on her knees between my legs and started to gently massage my balls. I was already rock hard and squirming.

"Lisa, baby, please! Finish me, I can't take any more. I really, really need to cum bad!" I was frantically begging.

"Oh, Peter, you can take a lot more and you know you want this to last. I'm going to make you cum sooo good! Boy, these babies are really, really full!" she giggled. 

She finally started to stroke me, very gently and very slowly. In my current state, however, it was less than a minute before I was on the verge of cumming. Lisa was already going so light and slow that she could only stop completely in order to keep me from cumming.

"Wow Peter, I'm not sure I can make this last nearly as long as I want. I'm even afraid to touch your balls, they look so big and full I think they might just explode," she giggled. I've often mentioned that I've never been able to cum from ball stimulation alone. But Lisa had never teased me to this point before. She was obviously afraid that in this condition I might actually shoot just from that.

"I just am not willing to have this end just yet. I know just the thing" and with that she jumped off the bed and ran into the bathroom. In only a minute she was back with what looked like a tube of lube. I knew it would feel great and was also sure that no amount of friction reduction would matter. As soon as she started to stroke me again I was positive I'd explode. And I was ready.

Lisa crawled back up on the bed and knelt between my legs again. She squeezed some of the lube in her palms and set the tube aside. She rubbed her palms together for a few seconds and with an evil grin on her face she reached for my cock and said, "Okay, here goes baby. I'm not stopping this time until you cum. But I think it might still take a while."

No way! I was positive I'd be cumming in seconds.

Again she started to very lightly and slowly stroke my cock. The lube felt cool. In a few seconds it felt very cool, like it had menthol or something in it. Very shortly my cock felt not only cool, but almost tingly. Not unpleasant at all, just different than normal. Lisa was stroking a bit more firmly and just a little bit faster. To my amazement, conversely the sensation was less than when she started out very lightly. Her grin widened and so did my eyes I'm sure.

"What kind of lubricant is that?" I almost croaked.

"Oh, its something new I picked up" she giggled, "like it?"

"Actually it seems to reduce the sensation of what you're doing, why?"

"Well, that's probably because its called, 'Prolong', it has a desensitizing agent in it" by now she was laughing. "The saleswoman guaranteed that it would prolong an orgasm regardless of the man's state. I guess this will be a real test, don't you think?"

"Lisa, baby, PLEASE, I need to cum. Make me cum, please. You ..."

"Shhh" she cut me off "just relax. I said I wasn't going to stop until you came and I'm not. Now lie back and enjoy, I know you want this to be good and it will. You earned it the last few days."

And she firmly and steadily stroked me using both hands. She rubbed my balls with the heel of her right hand while it stroked most of my shaft and her left hand steadily stoked and played with the head of my cock. Every other stroke she would twist her wrist as if turning a doorknob.

You can't imagine the frustration of this treatment unless its been done to you. It is very much a head game, but there is also the physical aspect. You can see and feel your cock being stroked in a way that should have you shooting cum all over the place, even without the build up I'd had. And there is definitely stimulation, it's just that the nerves aren't working right and you just don't cum. You feel right on the edge, and you know that the stroking should make you cum, but you just don't. Both the sensation and the frustration are unbelievable. 

This went on for quite a while (as is her way, Lisa had the clock turned so I couldn't tell for sure how much time had gone by) when she reached for another tube of lube.

"Lisa, no more please I..."

"Shh, I said! This is regular lube, it will dilute the 'Prolong' and the nerves in your cock will slowly return to normal. You'll be cumming hard in no time! Or do you want me to put some more 'Prolong' on to make it last?" she giggled as she set the lube back down and picked up the 'Prolong'.

"GOD NO! No more 'Prolong', PLEASE!"

"Then be quiet," she laughed as she put the 'Prolong' back down and picked up the regular lube.

I just sighed a loud moan, which elicited even more laughter from Lisa.

But she did add a goodly amount of lube to my already slick cock. Soon it was very slippery. And I could feel myself moving closer to orgasm again. Lisa must have sensed this because her right hand was now just massaging my balls and her left was lightly teasing my cock head, especially she would run her fingers around the very edge of the corona and over my frenulum. I was getting closer and closer, she was teasing more and more.

I was groaning and humping and pulling at my wrist restraints. Lisa got even more of the regular lube and while caressing my nuts with one hand started long, firm, steady strokes. The second application of the regular lube must have nearly (but not completely) neutralized the 'Prolong'. It was as if a switch had been turned back on. My balls got very tight, my cock got even harder and the head felt like it was swelling even more and I was suddenly rushing toward an orgasm. The feeling was overwhelming. 

To further demonstrate how well Lisa can read my body, about three seconds before I exploded she said "Oh yeah! Cum baby, cum real hard now!"

And that did it. My muscles went rigid and my balls and cock began to spasm and shoot cum all over the place. I'm positive I've never cum that hard. Some if it actually shot clear up to the head of the bed. And the volume was amazing, I know it was the biggest load of my life. Lisa kept steadily pumping my cock, milking all the cum out. I don't really know how long it lasted but it seemed like my orgasm wasn't going to stop.

Finally when it did, I collapsed. I felt totally drained, as if I'd run a marathon, which in a way I had! Lisa undid the wrist cuffs and went into the bath to get a wet towel. When she returned I realized I was actually a bit dazed. She cleaned me up and we just lied on the bed holding each other for a long while.

After the build up of the last few days, it wasn't long however before I was ready for more. We spent the rest of the morning fucking and sucking and giving each other as many orgasms as we could. We never left the room until lunchtime. 

Lisa was true to her word, as always. Any sexual suggestion I made, she was willing. Right up to the last minute. It was our last day and I'd sandbagged about 15 minutes regarding what time we needed to be in the lobby for our ride to the airport. 

"How about one last blow job to hold me for the long flight home?" I cajoled just seconds before we would have walked out the door.

"We'll miss the ride to the airport" she worried, not wanting to renege on her promise, but concerned about our flight.

I confessed I'd set her up just for this. And I did get a fantastic BJ as a final farewell to Mexico.

On the flight home I couldn't stop smiling. Lisa had given me the most frustrating few days of my entire life, followed by the best sex we'd ever had. I was sated. And was deeming this the best vacation we'd ever had. I was already mentally starting to plan next year's trip.

Lisa must have had some idea what was on my mind because she leaned over and whispered in my ear "I sure hope you enjoyed that final blow job you tricked me into, 'cause your going to pay dearly for it."

I couldn't help it, the smile on my face got even bigger.

The end




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Peter_


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





