BDSM Library - Tina and Tom




Tina and Tom
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Tina puts Tom through extreme orgasm denial!






Tina slowly drips warm oil over Toms erect cock. "Now you just relax
and let me do all the work" she coos. Tom is strapped to a metal
table in a dark room- "Please" he begs "no more".
"We've only just begun" she says smiling and wraps her hands around
him. Tina leans forward, her long dark hair brushes slowly over Tom's
bare chest. "I just know this is going to do it for you", she
whispers and begins to slowly masturbate him.
Tom lets out a slow groan as she expertly manipulates his cock. "I've
masturbated all my boyfriends this way, I'm told I'm quite good at
it". Her left hand reaches across and flicks his erect nipple. Tom's
body jumps.
"Ohhh, are your nipples sensitive too"? She laughs, throwing her head
back. "Would you like me to suck on them"? Before he can answer she
leans forward and blows on his right nipple, then, looks him in the
eyes slowly runs her tongue around it. "Oh, it's getting so big and
hard, just like a little girls".
She giggles , then, sucks it into her mouth. All the while her hand
is firmly wrapped around him, slowly pumping. She strokes his cock
firmly giving the head a extra squeeze when she gets to the top. She
licks across his chest to his other nipple and bites down gently.
Tom's cock begins to leak pre-cum. "Ohhh, my, you really do like this
don't you!" She begins rolling his nipples between her long painted
nails.
"Please stop," Tom whimpers. Tina looks at him with mock
sympathy. "Don't you wanna cum for me? Tom licks his dry lips. Tina
pouts at him, "Your cocks been hard for so long, it must be torture,
are you sure you want me to stop"?
"STOP"! Tom screams. Tina releases his cock from her grip and slowly
walks around the table. She kneels down beside him.
"Ohhh, Tommy, I'm not going to give up on you that easy". She stands
and walks over to a bench and reaches into her purse, then slowly
walks back to the table. Tina smiles and unrolls a tube of bright red
lipstick. "I'm gonna give you the best blow job you've ever had".
Tom's eyes widen. "I want to look sooo sexy for you". She looks into
a small makeup mirror and slowly paints her full lips a bright red.
She looks at him and blows a kiss. "Do I look sexy now" She asks
innocently.
Tom lets out a whimper. Tina reaches over and squeezes a thick drop
of pre-cum from his swollen cock onto her finger. Looking him dead in
the eyes she puts the dripping finger slowly into her mouth. "Oh, you
taste sooo good Tommy, I'm gonna swallow every drop". She leans over
him. "Your cocks so big and hot, I can feel the heat from here". Tina
softly blows on it, then moves down and blows on his balls. "And your
balls are so swollen Tommy, I think there turning purple"! She
giggles again and softly strokes them.
"Ohhh, Tommy, your shaking", she slowly pulls away and walks to the
end of the table facing him. "Won't it feel so good when I finally
make you cum". She smiles sweetly and pulls a rolling stool up to the
front of the table.
Sitting between his wide-spread thighs, Tina slowly Rakes her long
nails down him. "Ready"? She pulls her hair back and puts her warm
mouth over his cock. Tom, writhes against his bonds as she sucks him,
looking wickedly into his eyes.
After a few minutes of intense sucking, she slowly pulls him from her
mouth- leaving a slight smear of red from the lipstick. "I'm afraid
I'm mussing my lips, but you don't mind do you Tom". She grins and
goes down on him again, taking him deeper into her mouth as she
tickles his cum filled balls. "Come on Tommy, Cum for me please". She
rubs his cock against her soft cheek then takes him deep in her mouth
again. Tom's chest rises and falls watching his cock being devoured.
"Pleasse" he moans, "Stop". Tina quickly pulls his cock out and
places her palm flatly over the sensitive head and rubs it in a
circular motion.
"No please don't make me stop, She begs, "your sooo close, I can feel
the cum boiling up in your balls". The head of Toms cock is swelled
and throbbing. "Just one more minute and you'll cum". "Don't make me
stop now, you're almost there"...
She resumes sucking moaning softly. Tom shakes his head back and
forth in frustration. STOP! He screams and Tina begrudgingly releases
his cock again. She stands and walks back over to the bench and sits
lighting a cigarette.
"I guess it's not going to happen", she says sadly. I was sure I
could make you cum. She sits slumped forward and smokes quietly for a
moment, then snubs the cigarette out. "I guess I don't have what it
takes". She takes out the makeup mirror and fixes her lips
again. "Are you sure I can't do anything to change your mind"? Tom
looks at her quickly then turns his head away. Suddenly, Tina is on
her feet smiling. "I know, she exclaims, "My breasts"! "Your always
staring at them, and since Ginger's breast are so small, it would be
a real treat for you to cum between them".
Tina walks over to Tom's girlfriend Ginger who is tied naked in a
chair- a red ball gag in her mouth. Tina reaches out and strokes
Ginger's firm, but small breasts, then leans over and whispers in her
ear. "I've got 8 more minutes, he hasn't got a chance". Tina kisses
Gingers cheek softly and turns back towards Tom.
"You do like big tits, don't you Tom"? Tom looks at her wild-eyed,
sweat rolling off his forehead. She approaches the table slowly
unbuttoning her blouse. "I didn't have a bra, so I had to borrow
Ginger's". She removes her blouse. Tina's 38D breasts are stuffed in
Ginger's 36B bra. "Oh my god" Tom moans. Tina wiggles out of her
tight skirt. She smiles and takes Tom's cock in her hands and very
slowly runs her fingers up and down it. He bucks against the straps
his eyes focused on her large breasts in the tight black bra hanging
just above him. "How about if I put your cock between my big breasts,
Would you come for me then"? She laughs and runs one of her long red
nails up the underside of his penis. "Would that do it for you Tom"?
She gently takes his head and turns it so he looks at Ginger. "She
has such small breasts, she really doesn't look like much of a girl
at all". Tina laughs maliciously. "You used your two time outs Tommy,
and I've got seven minutes left". She slowly reaches behind her and
unhooks the clasp of the bra. Her large tanned tits spill out.
Tina cups one in each hand. "Can your little flat chested girlfriend
do this"? She raises her right breast, easily putting the nipple in
her mouth. She bites and teases it, then offers it to Tom.
"Why don't you kiss my nipples, darling? You want to touch them don't
you? Come on, you know you want to suck my big firm tits". Tom looks
at the nipple longingly for a moment then turns his head away. "Go
ahead, Ginger doesn't mind, do you Ginger"? Ginger struggles against
the ropes and moans into her gag. Tina turns Tom's head back to her
and squeezes her breast together. "Are you sure you won't suck on
them Tommy"?
She hangs her breast just inches from his face, Tom presses his lips
together. "Ok, maybe later". Tina stands, then leans her tits over
Toms erect cock, grazing the head with the wet nipple, then, grabs
the base of it and polishes the head against them. "Pleease come for
me, please", Tina begs in a mocking tone. "I've only got six minutes
left". She reaches for the bottle of oil and slowly pours a generous
amount over her breasts- massaging it in. "I'll never make you come
now will I"... Tina smiles and wraps her breasts around his cock.
"Nooo"!, Tom pleads as she begins to pump his cock between
them, "Please stop"!.. "Sorry Tommy, your all out of time outs"! "But
you can make it, only five minutes to go"! She increases her speed
and squeezes her breast tighter around him.
"You can hold it Tom, don't cum, your almost there"... Tom lets out a
loud gasp and looks away. She stops and turns his head back forcing
him to look at her again. "I know you want to watch this Tommy,
you're always trying to sneak a quick look at my tits around the
pool". Tina swings her breasts back and forth slapping his penis
between them.
"Tell me Tommy, when you fuck Ginger do you fantasize about me"? Tom
looks at her in alarm. "Isn't this what you think about when you
secretly masturbate"?
Tina rubs Toms cock against her tits again. "Take a good look at them
Tommy". Tom swallows hard. "Burn this image into your brain, cause in
four more minutes you'll never see these tits again". Tina smiles
evilly and then begins to masturbate him again.
"I don't even care if you don't cum and I lose the bet". Tom stares
at her breasts just inches from his bobbing cock, Tina slows down,
teasing him for a moment- then, jumps onto the table straddling him.
She reaches out grabbing his hair pulling his face between her oily
breasts. "I just wanted you to feel what you'll be missing".
Tina laughs and throws his head back down, then, grabs his cock and
roughly starts to jerk him off. She grinds her pussy against his leg-
her heavy breast bouncing. "Two minutes to go"!.. She grabs the
bottle of oil and pours it all over Toms chest and mashes her breast
against him.
Tom stiffens. Tina continues to rub her tits against his chest while
she pulls at his cock. Tom lets out a whimper and shuts his eyes
tight. "Uh oh, I don't think he's gonna make it"!
Tina's hand is pumping him firmly. "Are you gonna cum Tommy? Are you
gonna cum for me"? Tom bucks again. "Come on Tommy, cum all over my
big tits". Tina laughs loudly as Tom screams. She holds his cock
straight up- it erupts shooting cum high into the air. "YES"! Tina
shouts. Ginger screams into her ball gag. Tom bucks as more semen
pours out, finally he stops. Tina grabs the very base of his cock
keeping him hard. "Now, that wasn't so bad was it". Tom, shaking,
looks over at Ginger.
"I'm sorry Ginger, I couldn't hold out any longer". Ginger glares at
him with tear's in her eyes. Tina smiles wickedly down at him and
slowly begins to polish the head of his cock again. "Now, wasn't that
the best orgasm you've ever had"? She rubs him faster. "Tell the
truth". "Pleeeasee Stop"! Tom screams. "Tell me- was it the
best"...? "YES"! He cries. Tina gets off him and walks over to Ginger
and unties her. "Looks like I win".
She pulls the ball gag from her mouth. Ginger moans. Tina casually
walks over to the bench and picks up a very large strap-on dildo. "Go
over and lick him clean, then suck his cock- I want him to be hard
while he watches me fuck you". Ginger begins to cry. "I have a lot
more in-store for the both of you". Ginger slowly walks to Tom with
her head down, then, begins to lick...




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Bugs


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





