BDSM Library - Shared Fantasies




Shared Fantasies
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Jessie agrees to enact Jack's teasing and denial fantasies...but it is almost more than he hoped for!         






As I woke, Jessie was snuggled up holding me close with her head resting on my shoulder. I could feel her naked skin against mine, her large, firm breasts pressing into my chest. It was a wonderful feeling as I regained full consciousness. I sensed she was awake herself, but was just peacefully lying still. Once completely awake I found myself thinking of the previous evening's activities. The thoughts were causing a bit of stirring in my cock, but after some of the most robust and athletic sex we'd had in a very long time, I must admit it was a very slight stirring. Nevertheless it was a good feeling to go with vivid images of the most satisfying night of sex I could remember in years. 

We had pretty much pulled out all the stops. We got out our entire collection of toys, which really aren't very many, but they had been stuck away in a drawer for so long I had to dig around and find fresh batteries for the vibrator to make it so much as hum. The whole evening had been devoted to Jessie's pleasure, not that I didn't get plenty of pleasure on the way by too! But the point had been wanton sexual pleasure for her. I used my hands, my cock, my mouth, even my teeth and especially my tongue to stimulate her almost non-stop for nearly four straight hours.

She had moaned throughout and screamed loudly as each major orgasm, each seemingly more powerful than the last, racked her body. She had thrashed around on the bed and nearly broken my neck by squeezing her thighs together around my head when I had used my oral skills to push her to the most extreme cums of the night. In between the earth shattering major orgasms, I'd kept at her so that her body quivered with almost constant mini-orgasms all evening long. I'd stopped completely only a very few times for breaks of just a few minutes each, to let her catch her breath. 

During her night of excess, I'd cum three times myself. Each of those transpired when she argued strongly that she just couldn't take any more. I'd slip inside her, just holding her at first, then as she would begin to calm down, I would start slowly pumping into her. Each time as I increased speed, she would start to thrust back as she approached her own orgasm. These were actually the least intense orgasms, since the intensity of the stimulation was much milder compared to the tongue-lashings I gave her clit or especially the times I used the vibrator directly on her little love button.

When I finally did stop she was totally satiated, and completely exhausted. We'd both long sense lost track of how many times she had cum, but it was probably more than 20 extremely powerful orgasms, and as I already said, an almost constant stream of mini-orgasm in between. She was completely spent and lay there like a limp rag doll. She looked absolutely gorgeous. She had a rosy glow all over. Her nipples were still swollen; her pussy lips all pouty, even puffy looking; she was covered in a sheen of sweat and her hair was sort of plastered to her head.

I went and got a damp warm rag and wiped her face, neck and chest; I ran a brush lightly through her hair; then I pulled the covers up over her. She didn't move through any of it and was sound asleep snoring ever so softly as I walked around the bed to crawl in my side. It only took minutes before I joined her in slumber as I was pretty well spent myself.

In addition to the three times I'd let her calm down while feeling my cock motionless inside her before a nice tender fuck that had her cumming yet again, there had been several other times that I totally ignored her protests of 'too much, stop, please!" and just pinned her down and kept at her clit until the cries of "Don't! . . . Stop!" turned into "Don't stop!" and she would be humping her hips again as she raced toward yet another peak.

Now, before you get the completely erroneous impression that I'm one of those husbands who's attitude is one of ignoring his wife's feelings or protests or even forces her against her will, let me give you some background. In fact both the items that lead up to this night I've just described and the night itself are just the stage setting for the main description of a life altering true story. 

After more than 10 years of marriage, our sex life had become boring not to mention rather infrequent. 'Rather infrequent' Hell, who am I kidding, it got very infrequent. We got to the point that weeks would pass between awkward love making sessions, which I found very unfulfilling, and I could tell Jessie did too.

I began to resent the fact that she had lost interest in sex, and then of course I twisted that into thinking that she'd lost interest in sex with me! I started to assume that she wasn't ever interested, since every time I tried to suggest something, or just initiated some intimacy in bed, she was clearly uninterested. It went so far that I'd be irritable and get grumpy easily, but in my infinite wisdom, whenever Jessie asked what was wrong I'd give her my pat, and surly "Nothing's wrong!" Hell, she should have known what was wrong, right?

After this had gone on WAAAAY too long, I'd finally had enough. I was to the point that I was concerned our marriage was going to suffer beyond repair if we didn't do something. So one evening right after dinner I just blurted out, "We have to talk!"

I know, I know, that's the woman's line, but what the Hell.

Now there is one more aspect of this time period I need to explain before I go on with the rest of the story.

One of the ways I had been able to deal with the situation for so long was through the use of fantasy. I'd always spent a little time surfing the net and finding soft porn. I was mostly attracted to story sites and bulletin boards that dealt with various sexual topics. After all how many gifs, jpegs and mpeg clips of tits, pussies, cocks and various sex acts can you look at without getting bored? I'm sure that varies from person to person, but in my case the saturation point is low. I find my mind does a much better job of taking me into the scene through the written word than via visual images. I also found that things far beyond what I'd ever actually consider doing in real life were extremely stimulating in the fantasy world. 

After a time I discovered the realm of Female Domination and especially the sub-culture of teasing and orgasm denial, both of which held quite a bit of fascination for me. I read a lot; stories, forum postings, everything I could find. I began to fantasize that Jessie was practicing teasing and denial on me. That she was denying me orgasms for her pleasure and to make mine more intense when she did 'let' me cum. Now I wasn't delusional, just had an active imagination and this was a decent defense mechanism for the fact that I had a lousy sex life. I went so far as to tease myself by stroking my cock until I almost came, then stopping. Sometimes I'd do this several days in a row to see what it was like. But I always broke down and gave myself an orgasm every few days. It worked to the extent that it gave me a sort of Walter Mitty sex life, but it still wasn't much. 

I did notice that the longer I could hold out between orgasms the more it was all I thought about, Duh! But I also started to notice that since I was pretending Jessie was the one in control that I was much nicer to her and doted on her more. I'd read about this effect that women who practice T &amp; D have on their men and was beginning to understand it. The fact that Jessie wasn't even aware of what was going on, naturally severely diminished the impact and when after a few days of extra attention nothing changed about our sex life, which was my real expectation in the first place, I'd just give myself a good strong orgasm and the was the end of it.

I finally reached the point where I'd had all I could take and decided to confront Jess.

"What about?" she asked in response to my 'We have to talk!'

"Jessie, I think our marriage has a serious problem" I started out, thinking I was in control of the conversation and was the aggrieved party.

"No shit! You've figured that out already have you? What's it taken, a year? I'm actually surprised you've noticed. In fact I recently read an article about sex and marriage. Jack we don't just meet, we blow the Hell out of the definition of a sexless marriage!"

Frankly I was stunned, if she was aware of all this and apparently angry about it too, why was she causing it to go on.

Before I could say a word she raced on, heating to the topic, "In fact I've seriously considered leaving you, but I love you way to much for that. Since you've brought it up, however, we better do something before it really is too late!"

I was completely flabbergasted with her reaction, "If that's how you feel, how come you never want to make love?"

"ME! What about you? You don't even come to bed with me any more!"

"That's because it's too frustrating for me to lay next to you wanting you so badly and being rejected all the time!" I nearly yelled.

I won't bore you with a replay of the whole scene, but our 'conversation' nearly turned into an out and out brawl, not physical, but an extremely heated argument until it finally dawned on each of us that we were totally misreading the other. We each calmed downed a bit and finally had a rational conversation each telling the other our perceptions and feelings. We were almost laughing at the end, but not quite. It was too sad that this had happened, and we both realized, had nearly become a disaster.

We had been victims of one of the worse cases of marital miscommunication on record. At least we got it straight how much we still loved each other and that each of us was unhappy with our sex life and wanted to get it back on track. We went to bed and attempted to begin remedying the situation that very evening. I say attempted because we weren't entirely successful. We'd both accumulated a lot of baggage in the prior several months and it was going to take some time to fix it all. We even went to counselors a few times to get some help.

I'm happy to report we rather quickly did get back on track and began to enjoy sex much as we had in the early days of our marriage. And that almost brings me back to the Saturday night of sexual saturation for Jessie I've just described.

However, in spite of the fact that we were back to having an active sex life, it still seemed to me that it was pretty plain vanilla, boooring! So having made some serious progress by talking openly and honestly I expressed my feelings. Some of the sessions with our counselors had brought this out and I felt ready to bring it up. I thought. 

One evening I worked up the courage to explain how I felt.

"Jessie, don't you have some fantasies you'd like to experience?" I began.

She looked a little surprised. "Well ever since Tom and Sally talked about it, I have given it thought from time to time" she replied hesitantly.

Tom and Sally were Doctor and Doctor Johnson, our counselors. A husband and wife team who worked with couples. Joint sessions plus him on him, her on her individual sessions as well. They had talked about sex as play and the role fantasy held in a healthy sexual relationship.

I swallowed hard and plunged ahead. "Well, we finally seem to have our sex life back, but it seems," I was waffling "it seems kind'a boring. You know tab A, slot B. No excitement. None of the things we used to do. Boy on top, girl on bottom. Pump, pump, cum, done!"

She blushed a little, I could tell from her body language she'd had the same thoughts, but was also reluctant to express them.

"Well, since you bring it up, I, uh, sort'a, think that too. I was afraid to say anything, because we've made so much progress, but yeah, I'd kind'a like it to be even more!" she said, finally warming to the topic.

"Come on babe, we only got it back together by talking. We need to keep talking and be honest with each other. So how 'bout this, you tell me a sexual fantasy that you have, and I'll do my best to make it come true. Then we can switch and I'll tell you one, what'd'a think?" 

I think I actually held my breath in while waiting for her to respond, but much to my pleasure and a bit to my surprise she took to the idea right away.

"Uh, well, okay, yeah, lets try that" she replied stumbling over her words.

"So, what does that sexy body and sexy mind want?" I asked, trying to be as positive, rather than complaining, as I could be.

"Well, there is something that even in our early days when sex was great and uninhibited, I never experienced and always thought I'd like to try!" she said, no longer tentative and clearly becoming enthused about this idea. 

I managed to keep from screaming with glee, and asked coolly, or so I thought, "What is that?"

She was back to a bit of hesitation, but only for a second or two and then went on with a strong voice and clear determination "Well, I always wanted to be made, even forced to cum over and over and over. More than I'd normally want to or even allow, but even when I said, 'enough, no more' you'd keep making me cum and cum until I was so wasted I just couldn't physically cum anymore!"

She had a big smile on her face and a flushed look about her as I stared at her with a bit of marvel. This was certainly more than I'd ever imagined about her and she didn't seem to be shying away from the notion a bit. I was frankly surprised she would articulate this, but since it was exactly the kind of thing I desperately wanted her to share, I was totally committed to making sure it came true!

"That seems a pretty normal kind of fantasy," I said as calmly as I could muster. "How 'bout I do my best to make it reality for you this Saturday?" It was Wednesday night.

She wavered for only a minute, then without the former hesitation or shyness that she had started with she replies, "Yeah, I'd really like to go for it!" 

I said nothing, just pulled her to me and we kissed intensely. After a very nice bout of foreplay we made what I thought was quite passionate love!

So that's the story behind how we arrived at the night I described. We'd both been obviously tingling with excitement and anticipation that started on Wednesday and had built until dinner on Saturday. Neither of us mentioned the fantasy again, but especially during the day Saturday, we kept frequently ending up staring at each other with big grins.

We had a quiet, light dinner and each had just one glass of wine. We ate much earlier than was our norm for the weekend. When we had both finished, I stood up and reached my hand out to Jessie.

"It's time," I said softly.

I saw her shiver, but without comment she stood and took my hand.

I lead her to our bedroom and our king sized bed.

"You sure?" I asked gently.

She hesitated for only a moment, then "Yes!"

She did go on to be sure I understood that this wasn't a rape fantasy, just sensual overload.

On that note I told her she needed a safe word. She seemed to have no idea what I was talking about. I explained that I'd read about the concept and briefly explained that it would be her way to tell me it was too much, which I would instantly respect and respond to.

So there we were the morning after, snuggling closely; clearly awake by now; and saying nothing.

Finally I could take no more, "So?"

Long pause.

"Jessie, you okay" I asked tenderly. 

"Yeah, it was just pretty intense!" she replied rather forcefully.

"You sorry?" I asked.

"Well, you were a little more exuberant than I expected. There were times where I thought you went a little too far!" she said, slightly agitated.

"Then why didn't you tell me?" was my somewhat troubled response.

" I did, , oh, you mean why didn't I use the safety word!" It wasn't a question.

"Right" I answered back.

After a moment she went on, "Well, I, uh, well, actually, I forgot about it. Not only didn't I remember what it was, I really forgot about it's existence. It was so intense, I just, well, I forgot!"

I didn't reply and she was silent for a while.

"Sorry?"

"Well, uh, no, no I'm not sorry"

"Do you wish we hadn't?" I asked.

After another pause, she slowly and softly continued, "No, I don't. But it was awfully intense, and you could have eased up a bit!"

She had little conviction in her voice.

"Wasn't it what you fantasized?"

"Well, yeah, mostly, but I really do think if I'd remembered the safety word I might have used it"

That she really didn't have any prior knowledge of 'safe words' was an interesting tidbit.

I repeated my question, "Are you sorry?"

"No, no Jack, it was my fantasy. I don't want to spoil it in any way, I'm just a little confused, and DAMN sore this morning!" Finally she was giggling a little and I knew the world was good!

I held her close and neither of us spoke for a while.

"Okay, how about you?"

I'm sure I stiffened a bit, and I don't mean my cock, though that may have happened too, come to think about it.

I knew what she was asking, but the tightness in my chest told me I wasn't quite ready to go there. So, I very smoothly deflected it.

"I'm fine, a little tired in the jaw perhaps, but no, not sore anywhere," I said evenly. 

"Come on Jack, you know damn well that wasn't what I was asking" she said, trying herself to play a role by sounding harsh, but with mirth in her voice.

I should have known that after almost 15 years together, between both our pre and post nuptial relationships, she could read me like an open book.

I took a deep breath. "Well, I want you to tease me"

There, I'd started.

"Tease you, how?" she asked, encouraging me to go on.

"Actually, I want you to really tease me, you know, be a complete cock teaser. Make me almost cum then stop. And do it over and over until I can't stand any more, then do it some more anyway. I want you to tease me so much that you have to tie me up because I'm so horny I wouldn't let you go on if I could stop you, but since you would be totally in control and I wouldn't be able to and you just keep teasing me and driving me mad, but not letting me cum."

Once I got started it just came flooding out, I went on and on telling her how much I wanted her to tease and deny me and described in detail what my fantasy was.

Jessie was real quiet and I was afraid I'd hit on something she found repulsive or just too kinky or something.

"Why?" she asked softly.

Why indeed, did I want to be subjected to something that I knew would be so frustrating? I really didn't know, I just knew that reading about it and fantasizing what it would be like, turned me on a great deal. And I'd gotten to the point where I was so obsessed with it that I needed to experience it and see what it would be like in reality. I told her just that. I include the part about how I'd fantasized over it during our sexual drought.
Worried that this wasn't going well because of her silence, I told Jessie how I'd read about how men became very attentive to their wives during periods of orgasm denial. How they could be talked into almost anything the wife wanted.

Basically once I started I just kept pouring out everything, trying to convince Jessie I really wanted this and how there could really be a lot in it for her. The longer she was quiet the more I babbled on and on. I guess I was trying to talk her into something that I felt like she wasn't interested in doing.

Finally she spoke, "How long are you thinking that this fantasy of yours is going to last?"

I was confused for a second, but then I realized that as I'd kept talking I'd been describing an ongoing kind of tease. I wasn't at all sure I was ready for that, but decided that since I'd opened up to her so totally, I might as well continue. So I though for a second then responded, "Well, I guess that would be up to you. The point would be that you'd be in control, not me. I'd only be allowed to cum when you felt like letting me, or " I swallowed hard before continuing, "or not at all if that was what you decided."

She reached over and took hold of my rock hard cock. Describing my fantasy had turned me on greatly.

As she slowly stroked me she spoke again, "Well, I see the thought of it does excite you, but I know you Jack, you get incredibly horny and I think the reality would be much less a turn on than your fantasy is."

She had stopped stroking and was just sort of playing with my cock and fondling my balls.

"Besides, what's in it for me? Last night during my fantasy you got to cum several times. This sounds like a lot of work for me," I could tell she was kidding, but there was a little seriousness to her question also.

She has started stroking again, slow and steady, just the way she knows I love. My breathing was getting a little faster.

"Well, you'd probably want me to eat you to orgasm off and on during the night. Certainly at least once before we even started, and then whenever you felt like it, especially if you need to pause so I don't cum" I replied hopefully.

Jessie tells me she like intercourse best, because she feels it's more intimate and loving, BUT, she absolutely loves cumming on my tongue. I must admit I'm pretty damn good at it and she admits for pure sex she cums harder that way than anything else. She's gotten to the point where if it's been a while since I've done that, she'll ask for it. Something she never used to do. I was hoping that her questions meant she was actually going to be willing to try this.

She stopped talking, but kept stroking my cock slow and steady, sliding her fist over the head on each stroke and rubbing my most sensitive spot with her thumb as she did.

"Mmmm," I groaned. She was going slow enough that I had a ways to go still, but it felt damn good. I was involuntarily thrusting my hips a little. All the conversation about fantasy had really revved me up and Jessie was doing a great job of pushing me to a big orgasm.

I was getting there, but not quite to the edge yet, when she just stopped.

I groaned. Then I did something stupid because it just popped out before I could think.

"Oh Baby, don't stop now!"

As soon as the words we out I wanted them back. But it was too late.

"See, I told you the reality of teasing won't work for you. You weren't even that close and your whining. You could never take a serious teasing, I know you," she said evenly as she climbed out of bed.

"Well baby, that would be part of the excitement, not wanting you to stop, but not being able to do anything about . . ." I never got the 'it' out. She had calmly been walking to the bathroom as I spoke. The door swung shut and clicked before I finished.

I'd totally blown it. Ended before it started. I wondered the topic would ever come up again. DAMN!

All day long I kept trying to think what was the best way to broach the subject again, but kept feeling like I'd botched it so badly that I'd better give it a rest for a while.

That night in bed we hugged and kissed and I caressed her lovely body. I was fully hard and wanted to make love, so I started to play with her pussy. 

After just a moment she spoke, "Baby, I'm just to worn out and tender after last night. I'm sorry, but we need to give it a rest for a day or two!"

"Okay, I guess last night was pretty rambunctious" I replied. Not wanting to do anything that would give her any regrets.

I drifted off to sleep, horny and still thinking about how to raise the subject of my fantasy again.

Monday morning at work was incredibly slow. I found myself constantly thinking about Jessie and me. I was worried that I was starting to obsess with my fantasy. Right after lunch my problem was solved, however. The boss came in frantic. We had a HUGE project that had to be finished by the end of the day on Wednesday. Within minutes we were all buried in it and I was far too busy to even give any more thought to my sexual fantasies. 

I didn't leave the office until nearly seven. Got home, had a quick bite and was off to bed. I was out the door on Tuesday by 6:00, almost two hours earlier than normal. The day was just like the previous afternoon. It was almost seven when I got home, exhausted. A quick dinner and to bed. Wednesday was a replay. We finished just before 5:00, barely in time to get the package off to the client by overnight express.

The boss was so pleased with everyone he insisted on taking us all out for a celebratory drink. I really just wanted to go home, and I suspect that most of the others did too, but he wouldn't take no for an answer. We ended up having a couple of rounds and some hors d'oeuvres. It was nearly 8:00 before we got out of there. I'd called Jessie before leaving work and warned her. I called again in the car on my way home and told her I felt like going straight to bed. It had truly been a grueling two and a half days. She was very understanding and never even mentioned that she'd fixed us both dinner.

Thursday I slept later than normal and felt pretty refreshed by the time I got to the office about half an hour late. I wasn't the only one who didn't show up on time either. The boss came around to everyone and thanked and congratulated us again. Because nothing but the project had been accomplished all week so far, it was a pretty full day catching up on 'normal' work. But again, I wasn't the only one who was out the door before 5:00.

That night I was feeling rather horny since it had now been last Saturday since we'd had any sex, but, as I started to initiate some foreplay with Jessie, she spoke up. "Jack, I'm sorry, I just don't feel very well tonight."

This was something that was very rare for Jessie and since having so recently gotten our sex life back to a more normal state. I didn't want to make a big deal out of it, "Okay babe. Do you think you're getting sick or anything."

"No, I'm just tired and have a headache"

"Oh the old headache routine" I joked.

She reached over and grasped my rock hard cock and gave it a few strokes, "I'll make it up to you this weekend, I promise. Okay?"

"Okay," I moaned, "but I'm holding you to that promise"

And with that she rolled over and went to sleep.

Friday was a pretty slow day, partly because the week had been so frantic there was a bit of letdown by everyone, and partly because I couldn't stop thinking about Jessie's promise for the weekend. The week had conspired against me sex-wise and I was quite horny. I hadn't gone this long without cumming since we'd got our sex life back together.

So when it was quitting time, I was instantly out the door. I stopped on the way home to pick up a nice bottle of wine and while I was at it, just for good measure, I bought a single long stemmed red rose. It was something I did infrequently, but occasionally would for absolutely no reason. Jessie always loved it and it turned out to be the case as usual.

When I came through the door and she saw the rose she broke into a huge smile, "For me?" she asked facetiously. 

But to play along, I replied, "Of course for you, beautiful!"

She came over and threw her arms around my neck and gave me a long, deep kiss.

"And that's just the beginning," she said while still beaming "I'm very horny and have plans for you tonight!"

"Good, me too!" I gleefully replied, thinking that things were working out very nicely indeed. 

I was eager to head to bed, but had the good sense to be cool. We had a glass of wine and since the week had been so wild, caught up on each other's happenings. When it was time to fix dinner I volunteered to make the salad. I share in the cooking usually, but hate making salad. However, Jessie gets really tired of being the one to do it all the time too, so this was a bit of a treat for her.

"Somebody is trying awfully hard to impress!" she said with a laugh. 

"With a sexpot like you around, who wouldn't" I said, feeling like a regular silver-tongued devil after my second glass of wine. If she thought it was incredibly corny, she was kind enough not to say so.

Playing it to the hilt, I poured us each a final glass of wine and told her to go in the living room and put on some music. I said I'd be there in a few minutes after I cleaned up the kitchen.

"Wow, you must have it bad" she chuckled, shaking her head softly, but did as I suggested without hesitation.

I normally am pretty fast at cleaning up the kitchen, but that night I set a world record I'm sure. It wasn't long before I had joined her on the sofa. She'd picked out a Kenny G album that we both love. We sat there without speaking just snuggled up listening to the music and enjoying the last of the wine.

Finally the CD ended, and the wine was gone and Jessie spoke first, "Ready to head to bed?"

"Sure, can't wait!" I said, probably too readily, but after all I at least had waited until she suggested it. 
We went into the bathroom, that has double vanities, so in a few minutes I'd splashed water on my face and brushed my teeth and was ready to head to bed. As I started out of the room Jessie called over her shoulder, "Close the door, will ya. I need a couple of minutes of privacy. I'll be right there."

It was a bit unusual, but I wasn't about to complain at that point.

I turned out all the lights in the bedroom and lit a couple of candles; something we often do on weekend nights to help set the mood when we know lovemaking is coming. I just lay back and smiled, it had been a lovely evening so far and it was obviously just going to get better and better!

It seemed like forever, but was probably only about five minutes before Jessie finally came out of the bathroom and headed to bed. I nearly fainted. She looked fucking fantastic (no pun intended). She was wearing a set of lingerie the likes of which I had never seen her in. Nothing even close. She looked so damn sexy I actually thought I might just cum spontaneously! As she came closer, her 'special occasion' perfume scent hit my olfactory nerves. Another noticeable throb in my cock occurred. 

The outfit was extremely sexy. It covered quite a bit, but the curves and sensuality glared at the same time. Her very erect nipples made fine points in the flimsy material. Her flat tummy was on clear display and the bottoms displayed her cunt lips plainly. The candlelight made the effect all the more erotic!

"My God, you look totally gorgeous!" I blurted out. 

"Oh, I hoped I looked sexy" she said in a teasy kind of way.

"You are so far beyond just 'sexy' that I don't know the word to describe it!" I replied, meaning every word.

"Hmm, not a bad reply" she said with a giggle.

With no further ado she turned back the covers and lay down. She clearly was looking at my rock hard cock and after a few seconds, wrapped her hand around it and started to stroke it slowly. She continued for only a moment or two, but it was enough to get me racing.

She rolled toward me, pressed her silkily clad bod against my naked one and started to kiss me so passionately that I could barely breath! We stayed at serious necking for quite a while, which got me hot as Hell, and I could tell by her reactions it did the same for Jessie.

Finally we broke off our lip lock and I was able to slip my hand under her top. I love to caress her 36D breasts. I played with them for some time, tweaking her nipples in the way that I know she loves.

Finally she spoke, " remove my bottom and lick my cunt until I cum!" This wasn't the historical norm for Jessie's language, but it was more common recently since we'd met with Tom and Sally. She was much more direct about what she wanted than she'd ever been, even before things went bad.

I didn't hesitate to comply.

"And Jack, I'm going to suck your cock while you eat me, but you don't get to cum until you make me cum! If you do a REAL good job, I MIGHT let you cum in my mouth!"

I was already at her love box and started to do my very best. The very idea that she might suck me to climax in her mouth had me incredibly turned on. It is something she had rarely done, and I knew she didn't really like it. But the fact that she even mentioned it confirmed how wound up she was too!

Over the years I've learned pretty well how to push Jessie's buttons, and that particular night I did my very best. She was squirming and moaning in no time at all. All the while she was giving me the best blowjob I could remember for a very long time, if not forever.

I was so excited I was afraid I'd explode before I pushed her over the edge, but she would slow down or ease up as necessary to keep me from cumming as I attacked her love zone.

I was in ecstasy, and she was starting to flood my face with her juices, a sure sign she was very close.

"OH YES BABY," she yelled as she let my cock slip from her mouth. She threw herself back on the bed and screamed "FUCK!" very loudly as she came very hard.

I gently licked her pussy, without touching her clit, as I know after cumming that hard it is so sensitive that it's actually painful to have me stimulate it. 

After a couple of minutes she was back among the living and took my cock back in her mouth and started to suck me in earnest.

I laid back and savored the feelings. I was hoping she really would make me cum in her mouth, something she hadn't done in a long time. I was getting close, very close and I couldn't help pumping my hips into her mouth. She didn't seem to mind and sucked and bobbed even more. Shit, I was almost there. I couldn't believe she was going to let me cum in her mouth but I was so close that obviously she was and then! She STOPPED.

"Shit, I was so close, God Jessie I wanted you to finish!" I exclaimed before I even thought.

"I know baby, but we need to talk"

Those four words again, but this time from her. I couldn't imagine about what however.

I didn't want to blow this, so to speak, since the evening had been so damn perfect so far. Except of course for the terminated blowjob.

I didn't say anything, just sort of flopped on my back.

Jessie didn't hesitate, "Jack, I've been thinking about what you said regarding your fantasy."

My heart started to pound. I'd pretty much decided to let it go. I didn't think that Jessie was at all comfortable with it and I for sure had decided to not bring it up again this weekend, if ever.

"And?" was all I could think of.

"Do you still want it?" she asked softly.

A long time, or so it seemed to me, transpired before I came up with a response, which admittedly was rather lame, "Why?"

"Come on Jack, that's a bullshit answer" she said a little testily.

"Well, I got the impression that it wasn't something that worked at all for you, that's why I asked" I said honestly, but somewhat defensively.

"Oh, well, that probably was my initial reaction, but we said we were going to keep working at our sex life and, well, I've been thinking about it and if that's really your fantasy, I should try to give it to you just like you did for me" she said in a much more friendly tone.

I paused a long time, and she just waited.

"Yeah, I guess it is. I've fantasized about it for a long time and I honestly think I'd like to see what it's like."

"I still think you aren't going to like when fantasy and reality clash, but if your are really, really sure, then I'm going to give you your fantasy this weekend. So, is that what you want?"

I paused an even longer time before answering this question.

"Yes, I want to find out what it's really like" I said, sure that I meant it, but scared as Hell that Jessie was right about not liking the reality of my fantasy.

She didn't say another word.

She had moved so we were face to face for our conversation. She gave me a quick kiss and then moved down so she was kneeling between my legs. I was lying on my back, and between our conversation and the blowjob she'd been giving me, I was as hard as I ever get. She looked so damn sexy in that lingerie top that I could barely stand it. She started to suck my cock again. And this time she didn't tease or go slow, I was racing to orgasm. I figured she was going to give me an earth shattering cum in preparation for the 'event'. Just as I was about to explode, she stopped again.

I groaned loudly. 

"Okay, you told me how you wanted this to be on an occasion where you hadn't cum for a while and were really horny when we started. So, we are starting right now. Here are the rules. You do everything I tell you. Exactly as I tell you. If you don't it's over and we will NEVER come back to this fantasy of yours. I heard clearly what you want, and I'll give it to you, thought I'm quite sure you'll regret it. Once we start, I'm in total control, you don't have a say anymore. So, is that what you want and do you agree?" she was obviously very serious from her demeanor. 

Again I paused a long time. I knew that if I ever wanted to experience my long time fantasy, this was my only chance. If I said 'no' now, I'd never have another opportunity. But Jessie's words about regretting reality vs. fantasy were at the forefront of my mind. Finally I took the leap!

"Yes, that's what I want, and I agree to your rules" I said and then let out a huge breath.

She looked at me with a smile I'd never seen in our whole lives and then took my cock in her hand and stroked it a few times.

"Okay then, it's settled. Now roll over and go to sleep, tomorrow is going to be a long day for you!"

That was the last thing I had expected! I opened my mouth to speak, but caught myself just in time. It was quite some time before sleep relieved me of my thoughts. I'm sure you can garner what they were!

The next morning I was awake early. Anticipation I'm sure. I just lay there thinking for a long while. The thoughts racing through my mind were as you would expect. Did I REALLY want to go through with this? I was extraordinarily horny already and knowing Jessie, she'd put her best effort into this adventure, regardless of how she felt about it. It's just the way she is. Once she takes on something, she gives it her all, no mater what. 

Well, the die was cast anyway, I'd agreed to her terms the night before and I too, had my principles. I never broke my word if I could possibly avoid it. As I was trying to imagine what the days, and especially the night, were going to be like, I became aware of Jessie waking.

"Morning sunshine" she said.

I rolled over and gave her a gentle kiss, "Good morning yourself" I replied.

"Go put on the coffee and then come back while it's brewing. I want to ask you something and then I want you to do something for me" she directed. It definitely wasn't a request.

My pulse quickened and my cock swelled slightly at the way she was acting. We were obviously into my fantasy already and her prediction of a long day seemed inevitable. 

When I returned she patted my side of the bed, indicating I should lie back down. She was on her side with her head held up by her hand, looking at me rather intently.

"When you were acting out this fantasy you'd play with yourself until you almost came, then stop, right?" she asked.

"Uh, well, yeah . . ." I replied. I thought about asking why she wanted to know, but thought it was probably better not to. I wasn't particularly comfortable with this conversation. I think that well every man on the planet masturbates from time to time, that very few want to talk about it. I certainly am not one who does, but evidently didn't have a choice at the moment.

Because I'd told Jessie a great deal about my fantasy the prior Sunday when I thought she was opposed to it, in an attempt to persuade her to try it, I was now pretty sure some, if not most of what I'd told her was about to come back to haunt me. I now saw that any notion I had that she wasn't paying strict attention was well off the mark

"Okay, do it now. I want to watch you," she said stunning me.

"What!" I responded, rather stunned. It was more of an instinctive answer than a conscious thought.

"I want to watch you," she repeated.

"I'm not really comfortable with that, to tell the truth" I stuttered.

"Jack, look! I told you the rules last night. You agreed to them. Have you changed your mind about going through with this?" she asked very seriously. 

I didn't really hesitate. I had already come too far to let this opportunity pass, since if I did it would be forever and I'd always wonder, what if? "No, I didn't change my mind. You just caught me off guard is all."

"Okay, I understand, but that's your last chance. If you want out of this say so now, otherwise from now on you do exactly as I say, when I say, or I stop and this will be over for good!" which was exactly what I'd already realized.

Then more gently she went on, "You know I won't do anything to hurt you or humiliate you. You made it clear that's not part of your fantasy. When we go out no one but us will have any idea what's going on. But I've never seen any man masturbate and I think most women think it would be sexy to watch. I've always wanted to. Here, I'll get you started."

And with that she took hold of my cock and started to slowly stroke it. It was semi-hard when she started. It took just seconds to become fully hard. The combination of not having cum for nearly a week, the teasing she'd already done, and the incredibly erotic nature of the whole current situation, had me so turned on I couldn't believe it!

Once I was completely hard, Jessie stroked me for about another minute then said, "Okay, time for you to take over!"

Somewhat to my amazement, I didn't hesitate; I just started to stroke myself as if she wasn't even there. I did close my eyes to try and mentally remove her from the picture. I was only moderately successful at that.

After what seemed like about two or three minutes, as I was starting to feel the churn in my balls, Jesse spoke, "Tell me what you're feeling and what you are doing as you build up."

Again, much to my surprise I just did as she said.

"I'm just stroking steady as I start to feel my orgasm coming."

I stopped talking and kept stroking.

It wasn't long before Jessie spoke again, "Come on, tell me more!"

I had never really thought about 'how' I beat off, or what I was thinking during it, I just did it.

"Well, as I get closer, I go faster" again I wasn't very forthcoming.

"Come on Jack, think about what your doing and feeling and tell me!' she said with a bit of irritation now.

So I started to concentrate and think and talk.

"Well, I make sure that on each stroke I slide my hand over the ridge at the base of my cock head and I'm sure to rub my finger over the most sensitive spot I have right were the cleft in my head joins the shaft" I continued. 

I was starting to get very close, and I realized that I was stroking fast still. I told Jess that.

"I'm getting really close now, I'm going to have to slow down soon to keep from cumming." I really had done this a lot of times and knew exactly how to push myself to the very, very edge. For reasons I cannot explain, I was suddenly caught up in doing so and explaining it to Jessie as best I possibly could. 

"Oooh, close now, very close" I explained as I started to stroke slower and slower.

My voice was getting a little ragged, "Mmmm, I have to stop for a sec. . . now I can stroke again a few times . . . oh God, so close . . . stop, wait . . . stroke a few more."

It was truly incredible, describing it to Jessie was all the more erotic and teasing!

"I , . . . th think . . . thi this is ss, uh IT!"

"Are you sure?" she asked quite seriously, "wait just a few more seconds and try a few more strokes"

I stroked about three more times, very slowly. My cock twitched, and spasmed and I felt my balls contract and then one large drop of cum oozed out my pee hole!

"Oh shit! that's as close . . . as close I can get . . . without cumming!" I gasped. And it was definitely as close as I'd ever pushed myself and still not cum.

Very softly Jessie asked me, "What happens if you touch it now?"

"I'm very sensitive, it's pretty intense" suddenly I wasn't thinking, just responding.

"Where is the most sensitive spot?" she inquired

"Right here" I told her, pointing to the cleft in my cock head, "it's always the most sensitive as you probably know, but right after cumming or almost cumming, it is extremely so!"

What the Hell was I saying. I KNEW she was going to use this information to torture me, but I didn't seem to be able to stop spewing. 

"Right here?" she asked as she rubbed the exact spot with the tip of her right index finger.

I groaned, "Mmm humm"

"Any where else ultra sensitive?" she went on.

"Mmm, uh, er" I was rather inarticulate, as she continued to very softly and gently rub that most extraordinarily sensitive spot.

"Uh, th, these two places" I finally managed, "here, and here. I had pointed to the two spots on either side of the corona, right under the ridge. 

"If I keep this up will you cum?" she giggled.

"N, n, no . . . not for a l, long time at least if, uh if, ya ya you keep da, da oing ing it tha that li lightly!" I finally managed to get out.

At last she stopped. I was shaking.

"Hmmm, that was rather educational" she laughed.

Oh FUCK, what had I just done! I'd given her all the tools she needed to drive me completely insane. I was already feeling like I almost was and we hadn't even 'really' started yet. Oh my God! How was I going to stand what I'd asked for!

"Would you go pour us each coffee and meet me in the family room?" she asked. It was phrased as a question, but not asked that way. And Jessie ALWAYS said please when she asked me to do something for her, even something minor, which was conspicuously missing from her 'question' this time.

"Sure" I replied, starting to get my mental balance back. Jessie takes cream and sugar in her coffee, so she normally does it herself. It's somewhat of a pain for a guy who thinks if you can't pour it straight from the pot to the cup and drink it, it isn't worth drinking in the first place. 

Normally I would have grabbed my sweats and pulled them on, but something told me that going as I was (buck naked) was the best choice. After a moment's hesitation I headed to the kitchen as I was. As if reading my mind, Jessie called after me "Good choice!"

I took both our cups to the family room, the place we always spent our weekend mornings drinking coffee and reading the paper unless we had something really pressing to do. I glanced around hoping Jess had snagged the paper. No such luck. She was quickly getting into her role I realized. She just looked at me without saying a word, but with an obvious question on her face.

I resigned myself and headed to the front door. I didn't know what I'd do if the paper wasn't right up against it. I tip the paperboy an extra five bucks a month to bring it right to the porch because of our lousy weather, but he doesn't ALWAYS do it. If he had, I was fine, our front door is well sheltered and unless someone was standing on the front porch I was safe. But if it was one of those occasions when he didn't it would be out in the middle of the driveway and there was no way I was walking out there nude!

Fortunately for me, it was leaning up against the door and when I opened it, the paper nearly fell in the house. I'm sure my relief was palpable!

I delivered the paper to Jessie, she likes to have it organized just so. I felt extremely awkward just sitting there with nothing on and her in her terrycloth bathrobe, but it was clear that was what she had in mind. I was already at a point where I wasn't going to rock the boat over anything that minor!

After a few minutes she handed me the sports page, my normal first section, and other than her being clothed and me being naked, it was a normal Saturday morn. 

Soon I was ready for a second cup, and (this was pretty normal) I asked if she wanted a warm-up. She has a habit, which I've expressed my annoyance at many times and to her credit, she almost never does anymore, which is to say yes then take a final drink from what's left before handing me the cup. This particular morning, she took an inordinately long draw from what was left, while making eye contact and smiling as much as you can while drinking coffee from a cup. It was a clear message. On the way to the kitchen I was mentally shaking my brain, if you know what I meanNevertheless, when I normally top up her cup, I splash in some more coffee, some more cream and add a dash of sugar. This time I rinsed the cup, started with fresh coffee and added just the right amount of cream and sugar before stirring fully! I realized I was conforming too! I was extending as far as possible to do little things to make her happy!

After a few cups each and getting through the paper Jessie broke the tranquility, "I want to go do some shopping, but first lets go back to the bedroom, there is something I want to try".

I, like most husbands, HATE 'shopping' and 'want to try' sounded bad, but I said nothing and followed her without question.

"Lay down on the bed", she instructed.

I laid down. 

She gently spread my legs and crawled up onto the bed in between them without another word. Then maintaining constant eye-to-eye contact, at least as much as possible, she pealed off her robe, leaving her completely naked except for a sexy pair of bikini panties that I'd never seen before. It left her exposed from the waist up, flaunting her incredibly sexy tits.

This is probably the place to describe Jessie further. I mentioned her breasts near the very beginning of this story. They are perfect. No other word for it, perfect. Very, very firm, no sag whatsoever. Large, but not too large, and sensitive nipples. I flat love them. I've told her (not until long after we were married and could share things like this in safety) that it was what first attracted me to her. 

Understand it is my favorite body part on a woman. Think what you will of me, it doesn't matter. The first thing I notice about a woman are her breasts. The second thing I notice are her breasts, the third thing I notice are her, well you get the point.

Before you castigate me, please know that a woman's (just as a man's,) most important feature (not to mention most important sex organ,) is the mind, but from a purely physical point of view, I love breasts. I love to look at them, touch them, feel them, PLAY with them, especially suck on them. Hell, who knows, maybe my mother did or did not breast-feed me, I don't actually know. Anyway, by now you know how I feel.

Now to go on, I'm the luckiest man on the planet. She is gorgeous. Great body, in total, not just the tits. Funny, fun, vivacious, sensual, sexy, loving, on and on and on. I consider myself an 'average Joe' (damn I wish that TV show hadn't ruined that expression), but I know most men who meet us envy me. She is a definite head-turner So, you see, I think she is as sexy as it gets and I adore her!

Let me take a minute to go back to her mind. As the rest of this story will bear out, it lacks not! She is very, very smart. And also nearly obsessive about doing whatever she takes on perfectly. Given the way this adventure had started, that had me quite worried. It would turn out to be a well-founded concern.

She looked me in the eyes again, with what could only be described as a wicked grin as she gently played with my cock. Played is the exact right word. She wasn't really stroking it, just, well, just playing with it. Touching it, feeling it, twisting it (not painfully at all, just, well, playing with it). 

I was almost instantly completely hard. As soon as I was she did start to stroke. It took me a little while to realize it, but she was stroking me exactly as she observed me stroke myself. The only difference was that her hand was coming from the opposite side. Which actually made the stimulation more intense, or maybe it was just the state I was in by then, it's hard even now looking back to be sure.

In any case as I was getting closer and closer she spoke, "I bet you'd love for me to make you cum and give you a chance to recover before we start the serious part of your fantasy this evening, wouldn't you? I know you must be pretty horny already and the build up must be significant, huh?"

"Oh God baby, I think that would be best, yes! I'm sure my fantasy would work better that way!" I implored, thinking that she really understood my state and how, while I'd said I wanted to be crazed before the 'real' tease started that I'd be much happier with the suggestion she'd made.

"Well, let's see what happens" was her response.

She kept stroking and I was getting really close. Just at the point where I had slowed down to keep from cumming during my 'demonstration', she slowed down. My eyes, which had been shut, flew open. I saw Jessie staring intently at my cock. She would speed back up for a few seconds, then slow down again. Exactly mimicking what I'd demonstrated about 45 minutes earlier.

She continued just as I'd shown her, speed up, slow down about three or four times, then when even the slow stroking would have made me cum she'd stop completely for a few seconds, then a few more stokes. Finally I reached that point when any more stroking at all and I'd cum, she gave me three more strokes and released me. My balls tightened, my cock spasmed and twitched and an orgasm started and stopped in the same instant. Usually, and this time was no exception, a little dollop of cum oozes out the tip of my cock.

After about 15 seconds Jessie took her index finger and using the cum as a lubricant, rubbed it all around my cock head, spending most of the time concentrating on those very sensitive spots I'd shown her. It kept me right on the verge of cumming, but with no chance of going over the edge. It seemed like about 30 minutes, but she actually kept it up for about two.

I'd been moaning and groaning since the first time she slowed down. I had been doing it more so and louder as she continued. While she was rubbing my cock head with her fingertip I was babbling, "Oh baby, baby . . . oh God baby!"

"Wow!" she exclaimed when she had finally stopped all together.

"NO!" I exclaimed at the same time.

"Baby, I thought you were going to make me cum and give me some relief before we started my fantasy this evening! Why did you stop?" I more begged than asked.

She had a big grin on her pretty face when she replied, ignoring my question for the moment, "I bet you wonder how I could so exactly tell when you were about to cum, don't you?"

"Well, yeah actually, I do" I said as my breathing started to return to normal, the ache in my groin started to subside slightly, and my cock began to soften somewhat from it's rock hard state.

"When I watched you do it to yourself, I learned something I bet you don't even know. Every time just before you would slow down or stop, your cock does the same thing. The skin of the head gets darker and the texture changes just a bit. It gets kind of bumpy rather than the normal smooth. And just before you had to stop completely, it also swells in a certain way that says you're about to cum!" Jessie said with a big smile and a kind of excitement in her voice I don't hear very often.

"Oh SHIT!" I thought. If she could tell all that from just one time watching me, AND reproduce it herself so exactingly on the first try, I was totally fucked! I'd given her everything she needed to drive me insane! I knew what a fast study Jessie was anytime she puts her mind to something, and somehow I just knew this was going to be one of those times. I could only imagine how much more proficient at frustrating the Hell out of me she could become by the end of the evening!

"But you said you were going to let me cum before we started tonight!" I implored.

"Don't whine" funny how one perspective about imploring is another's whine, "besides I said I bet you'd love me to, not that I was going to! Don't you remember telling me how verbal teasing was part of your fantasy, besides, you are really horny and have not cum for a while just like you said, and I want to be sure your fantasy is completely fulfilled, just like you did for me." She had a big shit-eating grin on her face.

"Anyway, I wasn't sure after only watching you that once, that I'd be able to push you really close to cumming but still stop short, so I decided to try it now. I figured worst case was you'd cum and I'd learn more and we'd still have this evening. But it worked just perfect and now I'm sure I can do that consistently!" she added.

I was sure too, and beginning to realize I might have got myself into something FAR more than I bargained for. After her next comment I removed the word 'might' from the equation.

"And one more thing Jack, you've been very sweet so far this morning. I'd suggest you be sure to continue to dote on me all day if you want to get to cum at the end of the evening" she said through a little laugh.

I know my jaw dropped open. I clearly remembered telling her that I wanted her to be in charge of not only when, but IF I came. However that now sounded like a very bad idea! Again I started to say something, but caught myself just in time.

"Jack," Jessie said, as if she had heard my unspoken words, "your fantasy was giving up control, and you did that last night when you agreed to my rules. So, I will be deciding if you get to cum tonight or not. And like I said, the nicer you treat me all day, the better your chance tonight!" 

It dawned on me that of course Jessie would have done research, that's her way. She'd probably even found many of the websites I visit. She is way better with computers than I am. I'd tried to cover my tracks but probably didn't do so well enough to fool her once she started looking. Oh God what had I got myself into!

"In fact, I'm going to give you a chance right now to do something real nice for me!" she said with an unfamiliar smile. "This is making me quite horny, far more than I expected. Jack, make me cum with your tongue!" she commanded, there is no other way to describe it.

I took to my assignment with delight, but given the state I was already in, it was definitely adding to my frustration. My cock was rock hard throughout, and Jessie's juices all over my face were just more fuel for the fire I was feeling in my loins.

I could tell Jessie was undeniably quite horny. She was very wet when I started and she quickly approached orgasm. It had only been a couple of minutes before she was cumming and crying out with pleasure. It normally takes her far longer than that.

She laid back and with her eyes closed, was quiet for a couple of minutes before she spoke again, "Mmm, that was nice indeed, you earned at least a couple of brownie points for that."

That sounded good to me, I was already dying to cum, or so I thought at the time. 

She finally sat up 

"I'm going to get dressed to go shopping, would you please go clean up the kitchen then get ready yourself?" she asked, not really asking.

Naturally I simply said, "Sure honey, glad to" with a smile. Knowing exactly what she was up to.

I hurried straight to the kitchen. Jessie doesn't usually take very long to get ready and I certainly didn't want to keep her waiting.

I was amazed at how much I wanted to please her, not just to get to cum later, but for the sake of making her happy. This was exactly what I'd read about, and much different than when I was pretending she was being a tease!

I got the kitchen done in a flash and hurried into the bedroom to get dressed. When I got there and saw how Jessie was dressed I knew it was going to be a long day. I've already told you how gorgeous she is, and believe me it isn't just my opinion, but what I didn't mention was that she has legs a mile long that end in a perfect heart shaped ass. This particular day she was wearing a pair of jeans that looked like they had to be spray painted on. The seat has the kind of seam that fits right up in the crack of her ass and you could put two or three fingers between the tops of her thighs right over her pussy. You know the look.

It didn't matter that I was so horny, it would have happened normally, my cock actually started to get hard. Add the fact that she was wearing a pair of spiky 'fuck me' heels and I knew she was going to get a lot of looks today. When she turned around and I saw how low and tight her tee shirt was I thought I might cum right there! She didn't look trashy, just unbelievably sexy.

"Will I don't have to ask if you like my outfit I see" she laughed.

I looked down to realize that my cock was sticking straight out!










"Hurry up, I want to get to the mall before it gets too crowded," she instructed.

I raced to dress as fast as I could. I had to jam my semi-hard cock into my jeans. Jessie was watching and chuckling to herself as I struggled to get comfortable.

In a few minutes we were out the door and headed down the road. 

I hate shopping, especially at malls. Jessie knows I hate shopping, especially at malls. I was sure this was some kind of a test. I promised myself to be a good sport and not get grumpy. We stumped from one end of the mall to the other and back, what seemed like a dozen times. We looked at furniture (which we absolutely have more of than we know what to do with already). We looked in every kitchen specialty place there. Admittedly Jessie didn't buy anything; she is a shopper, not a buyer generally. She looked at shoes, tried on a couple of different dresses which she of course had to model for me. I must admit they looked very nice on her.

They actually looked more than 'nice'. She was clearly showing off. She looked incredible in all of them. My cock kept trying to burst out of my jeans. She would flaunt, no other way to describe it, changing from one outfit to another. Stripping down to the 'bare essentials', which was much sexier than getting totally naked, then putting on a real show as she tried the next one.

Then she asked me which one I liked best. Now normally I would make some lame comment and keep from making any kind of commitment one way or the other, which always ticks her off. So, being on my best behavior, (and not stupid!) I told her I like the light blue one best. For me, that was positively effusive, adding that it complemented her eyes and really showed off her figure in a very tasteful way.

I could tell she was actually impressed that I was trying so hard. I was sure it had been another test when she started to put them both back. Then all of a sudden I heard myself saying, "No, it really looks good on you, why don't you get it?" What the Hell was I doing, she was going to put it back and the thing was quite expensive.

She looked at me somewhat quizzically, but then with a huge smile asked, "Are you sure?"

Well, now what could I do, I had no choice, "Of course, you can wear it next week to that dinner we have to go to." I took it from her and headed to the register, digging out the plastic as I went.

As we walked out of the place, I could tell I'd actually scored big time. "Jack, that was really nice of you. I love you!" she said, in a very genuine way. Love was never the issue, we were, and had been, as in love as two people can be.

"I think you are really going to look great in that dress," I said very sincerely.

"Ready to head out?" she asked

"Sure," I said much to eagerly. 

"I want to make just one more stop, okay?" she replied, again with a shit-eating grin!

"Of course," I replied, settling in to the role I'd carved out for myself. 

It turned out to be Victoria's Secret that she wanted to stop at. 

Oh shit! I thought.

She strolled around looking at some very sexy stuff. My cock was straining against my jeans again!

She finally picked out a few very sexy items that were called sleepwear!

She insisted that I come into the changing room and check each of them out.

She stripped down to absolutely nothing and started trying on the various pieces.

Finally she put on one called a 'Short baby doll sleeper'! I damn near came, again!

I'd never seen her look so sexy. I told her so! "That's it, please, PLEASE, buy that one. You look sooo sexy, I can hardly stand it! You can wear it tonight!"

It wasn't a line. I wanted her to wear it while she teased me. It was the biggest turn on I'd ever seen.

She beamed and after stripping it off, handed it to me. My cock hurt, it was so hard inside my jeans. Looking at her completely naked, in my current state was unbelievably difficult to stand.

"Go!" she barked, but with a smile.

I headed out to pay for it, wondering how in the Hell I was going to survive this!

As we drove home, my mind was in a complete twirl. I just couldn't imagine how I was going to get through this. What had I done to myself?

As I drove she reached over and started to gently stroke the inside of my thigh. She stoked lightly up and down, getting as close to my balls as she could without touching them. My cock was uncomfortably swollen inside my jeans. 

Finally we pulled into the garage.

As we walked into the house, "I've had a really long week, and I feel like a nap," she told me. 

"While I'm resting, would you go to the store and get dinner?" once more, it wasn't a real question.

"Sure, what do you feel like?" I said, knowing that being agreeable was the expectation.

"Surprise me, you know what my favorites are!" she said with a devilishly smile as she headed to the bedroom!

"Uh, okay," eloquent huh?

Anyway, I was about to head back to the car and go to the store when I heard her call from the bedroom "Before you leave, there's something else I want to do."

I quickly headed back to the bedroom. She was already stripped down to her underwear, the way she normally does when she decides to take a nap in the afternoon. 

"Come over here and stand in front of me," she said as she sat on the edge of the bed.

I had no idea what was up, but she sure looked sexy!

She didn't say anything, and while I was looking down at her, she wasn't looking up. Her gaze was clearly on my crotch. That fact alone made my cock stiffen even more.

She reached out and started to unbutton my jeans. I'm a Levis 501 kinda guy. You know, the ones with the rivet buttons for the fly. Anyway, she soon had them all undone. I just stood there, not moving. Not even breathing, I don't think. She casually lowered my jeans until they were just sort of hanging from my knees. She laid her palm flat against my jockey shorts so that my cock was trapped between her hand and my stomach and she started to slowly stroke it up and down.

Almost instantly my cock was as erect and rock hard as it can be. At that point she hooked her thumbs in the waistband of my underwear and lowered them to just above my jeans. She took my balls in her hands and rolled them around. The whole while I was looking down at her she just concentrated on my crotch, never looking up at me. 

I was having difficulty standing still and I was moaning slightly. Finally she started to slowly stroke my cock. I knew exactly what was going to happen, but it felt so damned good I wanted her to continue anyway. She did!

As I started to get very close Jessie went back to rolling my balls with both hands and slid her mouth over the head of my cock. Slowly she licked and sucked taking more and more of me until she had taken as much as she could handle. My cock was about half engulfed in her warm, wet mouth. I practically lost it right there! Just as slowly she pulled back until once again she had just my bloated cock head in her mouth and was twirling her tongue all around it. 

It felt so good I was losing control and definitely not thinking straight. I took her head between my hands and tried to guide her mouth up and down on my shaft.

She immediately did two things. First, of course, she pulled her mouth completely off my cock and her head away from my hands (I hadn't been really holding her, just resting my hands on the side of her head and guiding her). Secondly, she smartly slapped my ass on one cheek. 

I was standing there with my cock just bobbing in the air.

"Behave yourself!" she said sharply, looking up at me for the first time since she had started, but with a smile on her face. "Now, put your hands at your side and keep them there!"

I quickly did as she instructed.

After another moment she again sucked my cock inside her mouth and started to swirl her tongue again. She repeated this several more times, pulling almost all the way off then back down again until my balls started to tighten and that familiar feeling was quickly building up inside them. Without even realizing it, I again place my hands along side her face, not even moving them, just resting them against her.

Naturally it was at exactly this point she stopped, removing her mouth from my cock completely.

"Okay Mister, that does it, no more of that for you!" she said looking me straight in the eyes again, but if anything, with an even bigger smile.

The whole while, she was still playing with my balls. I thought I was going to cum from just the ball stimulations, something I'd never been able to do before, but then I was sure I'd never been that turned on and horny before either.

"Since you can't behave, clasp your hands behind your back! And if you let go before I'm done this time, you will REALLY regret it!" she was still smiling, but I could tell she was also dead serious about the consequences of not following her directive.

Once I'd clasped my hands, which caused my cock and balls to be thrust forward toward Jess, she took the four fingers of her right hand on the head of my cock, spread evenly right around the ridge, with her thumb providing pressure over that most sensitive spot right at the cleft. She was still gently massaging my balls with her left.

My cock head was very slippery with a combination of precum and her saliva and she just kept lightly stimulating it as it became increasingly sensitive. She also continued to focus on that ultra sensitive spot with her thumb. The net effect was that I was pushed closer and closer to the point of no return. But in spite of my state, it was happening very slowly because of the extremely light pressure she was exerting. 

I was softly groaning without even realizing it. This was the most frustrating thing she'd done so far. I wanted to cum so badly and the tantalizingly slow pace at which she was pushing me forward was maddening. Plus I knew that when she finally did get me right to edge, she was going to stop. I wanted to grab her. I wanted to grab my cock and jerk it as hard and fast as I could. I wanted desperately to cum. But, I knew if I didn't keep my hands clasped there would be some dastardly price to be paid that I was not ready to undergo. So instead, I endured her torture. 

Finally the gentleness of her stimulation not withstanding, I was about to cum. My balls started to pull up, my cock started to twitch and she stopped. But only long enough for the explosion to recede the slightest amount, then she caressed my bloated purple mushroom a little bit more. The same thing happened. She repeated this three times and the last, even when my balls sucked clear up inside me and the spasms started she didn't stop. At the last possible instant she released me entirely. My cock spasmed a couple of times and a drop of cum oozed from the tip, but that was all that happened. I groaned loudly as my orgasm finally slipped away.

"Oh God Jess, that felt so good, please don't stop, PLEASE!" I moaned some more. I wasn't even thinking about what I was saying, I was so desperate to cum!

"No, I think that's enough for now. It will allow you to think about what tonight's going to be like while you're at the store," she said softly as she lay back on the bed.

I finally stuffed my cock back in my pants as best I could and slowly headed for the door as Jessie rolled over.

I hadn't quite reached the door when Jess called to me one more time. "Jack, I clearly see what you mean about needing to be tied up because your so horny you wouldn't let me keep teasing you if you could do anything about it. And you know I'm terrible with ropes and knots and such, so you need to figure out how to rig up something simple for me to use to tie you to the bed. And Jack, make sure it's secure enough that you can't get loose by yourself!"

Of course I always knew that was going to be part of it, but the way Jessie said it gave me a chill.

As I drove to the store Jess' comment regarding thinking about tonight wouldn't leave my head. I wouldn't have thought about anything else anyway, but more and more I could see she was taking this very, very seriously and that I was clearly getting in for far more than I had expected. I was truly having second thoughts about going through with it. 

What I didn't have to think about was Jessie's request to figure out a restraint system. Unbeknownst to her, part of my fantasy play had been self-bondage. I'd rigged up a system whereby I could be tied spread-eagled on the bed and Jessie would only have to slide some pre-tied knots. Of course since it had been a self-bondage rig, I could get out of it, albeit it wasn't easy. In fact I'd never tightened the final wrist all the way for fear that I couldn't get out of it alone. In any case, I'd always known what I could do to make it impossible for me to get out without being released, just in the event my fantasy ever became reality. At the time I'd never dreamed there was any prospect of that happening. Now that it had, I'd have to make a stop on the way home from the grocery store to pick up the final part of my restraint system. Jessie had made it clear that it had to be foolproof, and I knew there was no way I could con her about this.

Jessie's comment on thinking about tonight was like telling someone not to think about an elephant, except in reverse. I could think of nothing else. I'm sure that would have been he case even if she didn't mention it, but the fact that she did somehow was gnawing at me in a way I couldn't quite put my finger on. I certainly was conscious of how much I already needed to cum, and I kept telling myself she hadn't even started the real teasing yet.

I had a hard time concentrating at the store. Every remotely attractive woman caused a stirring in my crotch and unusually sexual thoughts in my head. Between that and thinking about Jess, I had to cruise through the store three times before I finally had everything I needed to make dinner. Just to be sure, I double checked my list, went through the menu in my head again and made one final cruise up and down the aisle. It was a good thing I did, I finally realized I was about to forget a key ingredient. 

Lastly, I bought a single rose again. Hell, it couldn't do any harm.

My final task was to stop at the marine store for the final piece of my restraint system. As I pulled into the garage, I was a completely conflicted mess. I still didn't really know if I really wanted to go through with it or not. I sat in the car for a few minutes, took a deep breath and decided that having gone this far it would be stupid to turn back. Besides, I knew if I didn't do it now, I'd never know. And that would drive me crazy the rest of my life.

Feeling like that decision was now behind me once and for all, somehow helped. I headed for the kitchen to put away the food after I tossed my boat parts on the workbench. Once the food was taken care of, I got the kitchen organized for later and then quietly headed to the bedroom to see if Jessie was still asleep.

As I peeked in I could see her just starting to stir. I went down the hall and relieved myself in the guest bath. By the time I returned she was fully awake.

"Have a good snooze?" I asked.

Stretching, she replied, "I did indeed. Well rested for tonight now," she added, a twinkle in her eye.

"Jack?" she said, a question in her voice.

"What babe?" I replied curiously.

"Like I told you this morning, the anticipation of your fantasy has made me hornier than I'd expected," she said with a smile.

"Yeah, I know what you mean!" was my response.

We both laughed.

She looked at me expectantly. Suddenly the light bulb went on.

"Would you like me to do something about it for you?" I asked rhetorically.

She smiled widely, "Mm hmm," she purred.

I moved to the bed and quickly slid her panties over that luscious ass. I buried my face in her pussy noting again how sopping wet she was before I even started. I used all my best techniques and had her cumming quickly. My cock was uncomfortably trying to burst out of my jeans again. 

After Jessie recovered she rolled up on her elbow and glowing in the aftereffect of her orgasm smiled at me.

"Jack, did you get what you needed for me to restrain you to the bed?" she asked, knowing full well I would have already done so.

"Of course, you know I have," I replied feigning being indignant. 

Unfazed she continued, "Where is the stuff?"

Now curious I answered normally, "Out in the garage, why?"

"Well, I'm going to go take a shower and get ready for our evening now. While I'm doing that why don't you rig it up," again it wasn't a question.

"Uh, okay I can do that now," I responded.

And she added, as she headed to the bathroom, "Jack, when you get back from getting the stuff out of the garage, undress before you start setting it up."

I was a little surprised and confused over her last comment, but her expectation was clear. I headed out to the garage and gather up my system including the new parts I'd picked up that afternoon.

When I returned to the bedroom I piled my gear on the foot of the bed and as Jessie had instructed I got undressed and put away my clothes. Somehow I didn't expect to need my jeans again until the next day.

My self-bondage system was simple. It consisted of just four pieces of rope each about six feet long. In one end of each piece I'd tied a slipknot that formed an adjustable loop. I'd put a single overhand knot inside each loop to limit how tight it could get; I didn't want it to cut of the circulation over an extended session. I was sure this would be just such a session. It was that simple. All I had to do was tie the other end to each leg of the bed and adjust it to the right length so I was positioned in the middle of the bed. I could make it so I could move just a little so as not to cramp up, but was totally helpless. I only had to slide the sheet locks I'd bought at Marine Center on the two for my hands before I tied them to the bed. You'll see about that part later.

I tied the four of them in place and adjusted them to what seemed like the right length. Then I lay on the bed and spread my arms and legs to see if the loops were in the correct positions. They were close and I only had to shorten one of the arm ropes to make it perfect. I adjusted the one then lay back to be sure it was just right. As I was just spreading myself for the final check the bathroom door swung open and Jessie walked out with a towel around her body and another on her hair. 

Her gaze went straight to my crotch, which was when I realized I was sporting a full erection. The realization caused me to blush.

"I see getting this ready has you a little excited," she commented with no small amount of amusement in her voice.

I started to get up.

"No, just lay there for a minute, I want to see what this is going to be like," she said as she came to the side of the bed and surveyed the set up. 

Suddenly I realized why she'd had me do this naked. She knew the effect it would have and was counting on it.

"I think that looks perfect, the ropes look good too!" she quipped. 

"You're sure that you won't be able to get loose by yourself?" she asked seriously.

"I'm positive. You'll see when you secure me," I said.
She sat down and gave my stiff prick a few strokes, which was all it took to make it fully hard. 

She cupped my balls and made an odd sound, "Hmm."

"Okay, well then you go get showered while I dress. I'm starting to get hungry," she said. 

I headed for the shower.

When I came back to the bedroom after showering, I found Jess had laid out a pair of silk boxer-like shorts and matching 'smoking jacket' that she'd purchased for me a long time ago. I had only worn them a few times, mostly because they weren't at all practical, but it was very sexy feeling. I was sure I knew why she'd picked it out. I put them on and headed to the family room/kitchen where I was sure Jessie would be waiting.

When I got there my jaw dropped. She was wearing the baby doll shorty that we'd bought that afternoon. Sitting in it on the couch with her legs crossed, she looked as sexy as I'd ever seen. Her full breasts were tightly encased in the top and her nipples just visible through the translucent material. The thing was barely long enough to cover her pussy and her long legs looked fantastic. I felt myself start to harden yet again, and realized I hadn't been completely soft all day.

After a moment she looked up. Her eyes went from my face to my crotch and back to my face. I didn't need to look down to feel my silk boxers tenting in front. Finally I realized my mouth was literally hanging open still. I closed it. That, and all the rest I'm sure, brought a small grin to Jessie's lips.

Finally I spoke, "Would you like me to fix you a cocktail?"

On a Saturday night we would normally have a couple of drinks while we fixed dinner and then share a bottle of wine with our meal.

"No, I think we should just have wine with dinner. I don't want either of our senses to be dulled tonight," she replied enigmatically. 

I think that was a first.

"Uh, okay. Shall I start dinner now?" I said unsure of what she expected next.

"Sure," was her nonchalant response.

As she leaned over to pick up her book, I got an even better eyeful of cleavage. I headed to the kitchen to start working on dinner. I'd chosen Veal Marsala, a favorite of both of ours. It was a bit of work, but worth it and I figured Jessie would like the fact that I hadn't picked something too easy. 

First I opened the wine to let it breath, a nice rich Merlot. I got the salad ready and put it in the fridge to chill then went to work on the veal. It took my constant attention for about thirty minutes and then it was time for it to simmer for about another 30. I went to the dining room and set the table with the good china and crystal, something we rarely do except for holidays and very special occasions. I figured that one way or the other this qualified as a special occasion.

I kept sneaking peeks of Jessie. I felt almost voyeuristic about my own wife. She looked so fucking hot I could hardly stand it. Clearly my mental state was just making it all the worse, or better, depending on one's perspective. 

I was back working at the stove when Jessie came up behind me and startled me by stroking my ass. I jumped a little and she laughed, then she reached around and stroked the front of my boxers causing my semi soft dick to start to harden once again.

"Mmm, nice," she said in a husky voice.

"Dinner is almost ready," I replied trying to act somewhat normal.

"That's not all that's almost ready," she quipped.

Shortly I had dinner on the table and the wine poured. We ate slowly and in relative silence. I couldn't help looking at Jessie's tits in that outfit and my cock just wouldn't go fully soft. 

As we finished dinner I started to get up and clear the table, assuming that was expected, but it was then Jess spoke.

"Just leave them, you can do that in the morning."

This wasn't completely out of character for us on a weekend night.

She continued though, "You ready now?"

There was a slight smile on her face, but little discernable emotion. 

I swallowed hard. I also knew this was no time for game playing. "I'm not sure, but, well, I'm not sure, but that isn't going to change."

"I know," she said gently, "lets go."

Both of the wine glasses were empty and there was about one glassful left in the bottle. She poured it into her glass and picked it up in her left hand. She reached for my hand with the other and headed for the bedroom.

Once we were in the bedroom she released my hand, set the wine glass on the bedside table and looked me straight in the face and said with all the seriousness I'd ever seen, "You sure? 'cause if you say 'no' now, we'll stop, but if you say yes, I won't give you a choice again!"

I swear that she was more serious than I'd ever seen her. My stomach knotted up, but I knew that if I didn't say yes, for the rest of my life I'd miss something that I had to understand.

"Yup, I'm sure!" I said in a voice much steadier than I felt.

"Undress!" was all Jess said as she sat on the bed.

I quickly complied, my cock now at full staff.

She smiled at me broadly and lay back, "Before we get started . . ."

The message was clear. I moved to my task with enthusiasm. Within minutes she was crying out as she came loudly. I gently kept at her until she came a second time within another minute or so.

"Enough for now," she rasped.

After she'd had a minute to regain her composure she sat up, then stood.

"Is everything all ready?" she asked.

"Almost," I replied as I turned down all the bedding, leaving only the contoured bottom sheet covering the mattress and then picked up the four restraints and laid them out from the corners of the bed toward the middle.

"Wait a minute!" she nearly shouted, "I've seen those in the garage for sometime."

I told you Jessie is very, very bright. The light had just gone on.

"You used these by yourself during your fantasies, didn't you!" she demanded.

I felt like a little boy who had been caught doing something he knew better than to do.

"Well, . . . uh, I, uh, well," I stammered, not having a clue what to say.

"Never mind! Obviously you did, but that's not the point. You said that you wouldn't be able to get loose by yourself. If you used these alone, obviously you can!" she said somewhat angrily.

Glad to get away from the topic of having used them during my fantasy role-playing and on to something I could deal with, I breathed a sigh of relief and quickly explained.

"No Jess, I never used them on both wrist because I was afraid I wouldn't be able to get undone by myself, but to be positive, I've added something extra just today. There is no way I'll be able to get free unless you release me!" I clarified hastily. 

I already explained my simple but effective restraints. What I'd added today were two 'sheet locks'. A device used on a sailboat to hold lines tight. They could withstand the force of wind in sails so they certainly would securely restrain the strongest of men. There was one on each of the lengths of rope for the arms. Once attached and pushed up next to the knots they would not allow the knots to be loosened until they were released. The release mechanism required two hands, one to push the release button and one to flip the lever to the unlocked position. There was absolutely no way to release them using one hand and therefore once tied spread-eagled, there was no way to free oneself. Once I was secured, I'd never get free until Jess undid me.

Jess had quickly calmed down, realizing that I had in fact, followed her specific instructions fully.

"Show me how it works," she said far more serene now. 

I did. I showed her how to slide the knots tight then latch the sheet locks and slide them up to the know. I showed her how to release them too, emphasizing that it took two hands. I even made her practice releasing them.

"Afraid I'll not be able to release you ever and have to call the fire department?" she teased.

I laughed a little, but she was close to the facts!

"Okay, time to lay down sweetheart," she said with a smile and a glint in her eye.

In a matter of minutes I was completely at her mercy. Comfortable, but able to move just slightly and with my arms and legs spread wide. My cock and balls completely accessible for whatever she chose to do!

Too late I thought of one last thing. "What about my safe word?" I asked hopefully.

She laughed, "Oh Jack, you don't need a safe word. I'm not going to hurt you in any way. Besides, safe words are for making the other person stop; that is the last thing you're going to be wanting. Quite the opposite!" She continued to chuckle.

Her attitude caused my stomach to knot up once more time. 

She crawled on the bed and knelt between my legs. Sitting back on her calves. She bent forward and kissed me deeply.

As she broke the kiss she tenderly said, "Jack, I love you very much!"

As I softly replied, "I know, I love you too." I finally had a full realization of what was about to happen. 

Here I was, completely helpless, hornier than I'd ever been in my entire life, and my wife, who NEVER does anything half way was about to drive me mad with desire while denying me orgasmic relief for a very long time. And I'd given her all the tools to frustrate me as much as humanly possible by telling her my deepest fantasies and explaining what I knew would be the most maddening things she could do to me. Not only that, but I was sure she done her homework and had ideas and techniques I'd never dreamt of!

She started off with a verbal tease by reminding me of something she'd said that morning.

"So, do you think you chalked up enough goodwill today that I'll let you cum tonight?" she giggled.

"Oh God Jess, you have to, you just have to!" I begged.

She giggled some more, "We'll see, but I don't HAVE to!"

And with that she began. She started stroking my cock in a nice steady rhythm. Not too fast or slow, too hard or soft, a just right stroke to rush me to the edge of orgasm quickly. Of course the closer I got the more she loosened and slowed her stroking hand. Finally she knew I was right at the edge and she gave me a few more strokes that were very slow and light, with a few seconds pause in between. Then as my balls tightened and my cock began a contraction, she stopped completely until it receded then gave me another couple just the same. She repeated this four or five times, I lost track, and then quit all together just as my cock started to twitch and jerk even without any stimulation. It was even more intense than the ones she'd done earlier in the day and I couldn't believe I didn't actually cum anyway, but I didn't I just felt the most intense frustration I'd ever experienced. When she knew it was safe she used her fingertips on those places I'd shown her were so sensitive at this point and tormented me for a few more minutes.

Finally she spoke, "Wow! That was pretty good for the first one!"

Jess' comment was one more step toward the full realization of the situation in which I found myself. But it still hadn't fully sunk in as to what I was in for.

After a minute or so she focused her attention on my cock and balls again. She wrapped her hand around my shaft and I could tell she was feeling it, for what purpose I was uncertain. Then with the other hand she was exploring the head, not teasing it, but something else. Finally she used both hands to feel my balls.

"My God Jack, I can't even imagine the state you're going to be in by the time I'm through with you! Your cock is bigger and harder than I've ever seen it and your balls are so full already they must be aching!" she put an exclamation point on this last remark not only with her voice, but by giving them a bit of a squeeze just before she released them. 

It wasn't enough to actually hurt, but it sure did emphasize how much they did ache already.

She crawled off the bed and sat in the chair for a minute, sipping at the wine she'd placed on the table before we began. She didn't say a thing; she just sat sipping and looking at me with a slight grin. I looked back for a minute or so and then closed my eyes, breathing deeply to catch my breath. Soon my heart slowed to near normal and I could feel my cock starting to soften. Not much, but some.

After several minutes I was almost soft. Nowhere near a total flaccid state and definitely still much larger than normal, but soft. I opened my eyes and looked at Jess. She appeared to not have moved. She was still smiling slightly and sipping wine, though I noted that the glass didn't appear much less full than before.

"Now that you have no choice but to behave," she started, setting down the wine "I'm going to show what I wanted to do earlier when you wouldn't hold still!"

With that she got up and moved to the bed. She lay across my thighs looking up at my face for a moment, then cradling my balls in one hand lifted my cock so it was pointing straight up and wrapped her lips around the head.

I gasped involuntarily. My cock was much more sensitive than earlier, or so it seemed at least.

Jess was gently kneading my balls with one hand and sucking on just the head of my cock at the same time. She kept running her tongue over the very sensitive spot just under the glans and sucked like she had a lollypop in her mouth. As you can well imagine my cock was regaining its stiff state quickly. 

Before it regained its full length, Jessie took the whole thing in her mouth and made a swallowing action, then slowly pulled her lips from the very base up the shaft until just the head was left in her mouth. She did several of her sucking motions then swallowed the whole thing again. 

She was only able to do this twice before I had grown to the size that she could no longer handle the whole thing, or so I thought!

Now that I was fully hard, she started to bob up and down on my cock in a nice steady motion, slow and steady. I was soon racing toward an orgasm that my mind knew would be denied and the rest of my body parts were aching for so badly that they couldn't imagine she was actually going to stop again. Naturally, my mind was right!

Then as I was getting pretty close, she did something that very nearly did put me over the edge. She bobbed up until just my head was in her mouth, and then after adjusting her angle of attack, she slowly, very slowly, lowered herself over my cock until the whole thing disappeared inside her mouth. She did that swallowing motion a couple of times and then slowly lifted off, not stopping until I she had come all the way off my cock this time. 

I was stunned. First the sensation was unlike anything I'd ever experience and as I already said, it nearly made me explode. In fact, I'm amazed that I didn't. My cock certainly twitched and spasmed. Second, Jessie had never deep throated me before. I didn't think she was capable of it.

As if reading my mind, "You didn't think I could do that, did you?" she exclaimed, clearly quite proud of herself.

Before I could respond, she did it again.

Then with my cock right on the edge of cumming, throbbing and twitching, she just held it in her mouth sucking on it. I don't mean a normal cock sucking sort of action, she just hollowed her cheeks and created suction in her mouth. The sensation was amazing. It kept me right at the very edge, but wasn't enough to push me over.

Finally she stopped everything, but still had the head of my cock in her mouth. After a couple of minutes the orgasm had receded, but not far. She took about a half a dozen very slow licks right on my most sensitive spot which pushed me right back to the edge again. Then she did her sucking thing and held me there for as long as she could until she knew she had to stop or I'd cum.

She repeated this cycle of pushing me right to the edge then letting the orgasm slip away a bit, then pushing me back up again about five times.

I was thrashing and moaning throughout, but the way I was tied and the way she had put her weight on my legs made it so I couldn't get any leverage to really move, I just squirmed and moaned as I went nearly insane!

Finally she stopped and got up off me.

"There, now don't you wish you'd let me do that earlier today?" she said while looking at me with a wicked smile.

"God Jess, you're driving me insane!" I rasped.

"Oh Jack, we've barely even started. Later I'll drive you insane," she laughed aloud. 

Oh God, I was so fucked!

"I think you do need a short rest though," she said as she left the room.

I don't really know for sure how long she was gone, not very long though. Long enough that my erection had again deflated.

When she returned she sat down on the side of the bed and looked at me with that gorgeous smile of hers.

"Jack, I have a confession to make," she started as she began to fondle my balls with one hand, "I never dreamed that having a completely defenseless cock at my total mercy could be such an astounding turn on, but it is. Knowing I can do whatever I want to tease your cock and that you are completely unable to do anything about it is making me so horny and wet that I need to cum again!" 

Her words, as well as her actions, both put a knot in my stomach but still caused my cock to begin to harden yet again.

She had progressed to lightly stroking the underside of my cock very slowly from the base to the tip and back with just her index finger.

She kept that up as she asked, "Jack, do you want a chance to do something that would make me more likely to let you cum at the end of this evening?"

"Oh God yes Jess, please anything!" I nearly begged.

She laughed at my eagerness.

"Anything!" she chuckled, "You better be careful what you say I may just put you to the test. But not this time, this is easy. I'm going to crawl up on your face and I want you to make me cum with your tongue, okay?"

This was, I was sure, based on the conversation we'd had about 'what was in it for her' when I thought I was trying to talk her into something. It didn't matter, she was right, this was easy. Naturally I immediately agreed, as if I had any choice.

She moved into position and lowered her very wet cunt onto my awaiting mouth. I began to lick and suck using my very best effort. I wanted to be sure to have whatever positive effect on the evening's outcome that I could. Jessie had obviously not been exaggerating about how turned on she was. Her juices were running down my face immediately and I could tell she was racing toward a powerful climax much more quickly than normal.

I redoubled my efforts.

I wasn't really thinking about it, but thought it a bit odd that she was totally ignoring my cock. It was rock hard of course, but I was a little surprised she wasn't teasing it all the more. I soon found out why.

Just as I started to suck on her clit, knowing that within seconds she would explode, she lifted off me and spun around so quickly that I gasped in surprise. Instantly she grabbed my cock and impaled herself on it. She laid flat on my chest and started to fuck me hard. In a way with her on top that we both love under normal circumstances.

She was really going at it too. I thrust back as hard as I could, given my situation. It was clearly working for both of us, but she'd been so close when we started that she came very quickly. Well before I could.

She continued to fuck me hard as she came loudly and violently. Feeling her cunt convulse around my cock yet not being close enough to cum was perhaps the most maddening thing yet.

Finally she stopped and just lay there. I was trying to continue thrusting, but with her being dead weight and my lack of leverage, I could really just squirm, not thrust at all.

After a minute or two, she started contracting her cunt muscles and squeezing my cock. She did this several times and then started to fuck me very slowly while she continued to kegle me at the same time.

I was getting very close when on one of her thrusts she just kept going up until my cock loudly popped out of her velvety tunnel and slapped down on my belly.

"NO!" I screamed, desperate for more.

She rolled off me and laid her head on my shoulder. Almost instantly she started to lightly rub the most sensitive spots I'd taught her about with the tip of one finger. Driving me even more maddeningly close to cumming.

She finally stopped only at the point that my balls had started to suck up into my body and my cock was twitching so much that she knew I'd cum any second.

I was groaning in frustration and my balls definitely ached more than I could ever remember.

To make the whole situation worse, after Jess calmed down a little, she lightly grabbed my balls and whispered in my ear, "You must not want to cum very badly."

"What!" I screeched, stunned, "What do you mean?"

"Well, you didn't make me cum with your tongue!" she chuckled.

Trying to calm down I spoke more gently and what I hoped was more reasonably, "But Jess, you did cum, and hard too! I would have made you cum with my tongue but you pulled away. You KNOW I would have!"

She started to laugh at my desperation.

Finally I regained my senses, "Jess, I still could make you cum with my tongue, just move back up here!"

"Hmm, now you're starting to sound like you might want to cum yourself after all!" she giggled.

"At least you have something to think about for the rest of the evening," she said rather cryptically.

I was reluctant, but asked anyway "What do you mean?"

"Well, you now experienced a hand job, a blow job and a good hard fucking. You can be thinking about which way you want to cum when the time finally does arrive," was her response.

And without any further conversation, she did in deed crawl back up into position and let me bring her to another orgasm. This one was a lot more work for me and took much longer since she had just cum so hard. But finally I was able to give her another shattering orgasm, at least as powerful as the first.

When she lay down next to me just recovering for a while, my jaw ached and my neck was stiff. I thought my tongue was probably a bit raw too, but I didn't care. I felt like I'd really done something special. It again occurred to me how consumed I was with pleasing her!

As she lay there, my cock finally started to soften, something it most certainly had not done while she was riding my face.

Jessie was still just lying there resting when my cock had finally lost its erection. It wasn't getting flaccid anymore, just soft but staying relatively engorged with blood. Certainly much larger than it's normal 'resting' state.

When it appeared it had reduced in size as much as it was going to for quite some time, Jessie started to stir and got something out of the nightstand drawer that I couldn't see.

A little nervously I asked, "What's that?"

She proceeded to kneel between my legs again and dribbled some kind of liquid on to my cock before setting the bottle she'd taken out back down.

"It's some stuff called Astroglide. It's a personal lubricant and it is suppose to be supper slippery. I figure with what I plan to do to your cock the rest of the night that if I don't use some lubricant you'll be as raw as uncooked hamburger!" she laughed.

Having one's cock compared to raw hamburger is not a pleasant mental image, believe me.

"Now I'm going to REALLY tease your cock and make you ache to cum!" she said with a laugh. 

Her words caused that tightness in my chest again, even though I knew it was just part of her act. There was no way she could tease me any worse than she already had. Longer perhaps, but not worse. Or so I thought. I was wrong as I quickly found out. 

She started to stroke my cock and immediately I could feel the difference. She'd used baby oil on my cock in the past a few times, but this was completely another sensation. The friction was dramatically reduced. This was the slipperiest stuff I'd ever imagined. She was able to slide her hand over my cock with only the very slightest of contact. And she was stroking me very, very slowly. Much slower than before. On top of that she would rotate her wrist in such a way at the highest point on most strokes that her fist twisted around my corona and most sensitive spots increasing how responsive they already were. 

She was moving me much slower toward orgasm, but the sensation and frustration were far more maddening than before. It had only taken a couple of strokes before I regained full hardness, but I could see that the addition of the Astroglide meant she could prolong each cycle substantially, even though I was far more desperate than before.

I started squirming uncontrollably and pulling hard at the restraints I myself had fashioned. I was going mad. When finally I was right at the point of cumming, she did something else differently than ever before. She would do that little twisting thing, then stop her down stroke with her hand at the very base of my cock just holding it. She'd wait a few seconds and do an extremely loose, slow stroke right up and of the head of my cock which would cause my balls to tighten and my cock to spasm, but nothing else. Then after about 15 seconds she'd do it again. It was keeping me closer than I'd ever been without actually cumming and she was able to sustain it for a couple of minutes at least. When she finally stopped and let my cock slap against my stomach I was pulling so hard against the ropes and groaning so loudly that I didn't immediately realize she's stopped.

It took me at least a couple of minutes to even relax my arms and legs. It was without question the most frustrating, maddening experience ever!

When at last I was able to focus she was sitting there just smiling at me.

"You know Jack, I can do that over and over and over for as long as I feel like and there is absolutely nothing you can do but suffer through it. And I feel like doing it a lot!" she giggled.

"OH GOD Jess, please, I can't stand it! Please make me cum now!" I was truly desperate and in severe need. 

She just laughed again, "Oh Jack, we're so far away from that you can't imagine!"

And she got up and walked out of the room.

My mind was reeling as her words echoed in my head. The fact was it was completely true; I was helpless to stop her until she chose to stop. What in the Hell had I done!

When she returned, my cock was once more nearly soft. It wasn't long before her intent was obvious. She repeated essentially the same routine as the last time. Adding lube, slowly, oh God so slowly, getting me to the edge and then holding me there for minutes by providing various kinds of stimulation that had my cock twitching and spasming and my balls tightening and beginning contractions, and all the while she kept the stimulation just short of what it took to actually trigger my orgasm even though my cock and balls were trying for all the world to cum. I never even imagined that using pleasure for such torture could be possible.

She'd settled on letting me go soft at the end of each cycle, but starting again as soon as I was. She varied the techniques slightly and every once in a while would manage to come up with something new, but all and all it was just cycle after cycle of the same thing. She went on for God knows how long until I'd long since lost track of time or how many cycles there had been.

Finally I really had reached my breaking point.

"Jess, I'm begging you, PLEASE I really, really can't stand any more. Honest I'm not exaggerating, I can't STAND any more!" I begged and pleaded meaning every word. 

She went and got a damp cloth and wiped down my face while gently speaking, "I know Jack. You really are finally at the point where I know you can't stand any more without being allowed to cum."

And with that she poured a little of that vicious liquid into the palm of her hand and began stroking me one more time. This was different though. She was using a faster, firmer grip. She quickly had me racing toward cumming. I could sense how explosive it was going to be. My balls started to tighten and I was straining against the ropes knowing how mind shattering an orgasm like this would feel, when she just stopped.

I screamed, "NOOOO! Jess YOU SAID YOU KNEW! MY GOD DON'T STOP!"

She didn't speak; she just let me calm down.

"Why Jess, why? You said you knew!" I implored.

She smiled and looked at me with those gentle eyes ablaze and said, "Jack you explained your fantasy as, and I quote you exactly 'And do it over and over until I can't stand any more, then do it some more anyway', So this is the anyway. And when you recover from this one I'm going to do as many more of those REALLY good ones as I want!"

And she again left the room. 

I'd created a monster I realized. She was loving this and was going to do what I'd told her about in my fantasy to the letter, knowing it was truly more than I could stand. How could I make her stop, I kept asking myself. 

True to her word, when she came back she did one of those 'really good ones' that nearly drove me out of my mind yet again. After that one and two more she let me recover longer than usual before sitting on the edge of the bed. But this time rather than starting to stroke me again she just sat looking at me before speaking.

"You know Jack, I've been thinking. You still have no idea if I'm going to let you cum tonight or not!"

Frankly I'd not really been thinking about that aspect recently, but of course instantly I could think of nothing else, "Oh Jessie, that would be too much. I never expected you do to push me this far in the first place, not to cum now would be intolerable!" 

"Probably true, but that's what you asked for, remember, intolerable" she said in and even voice "But that isn't what I was getting at. I could decide not to let you cum tonight or even tomorrow. You don't actually know when I might finally let you cum!"

I couldn't speak I just gasped.

"Guess you hadn't thought of that, huh?" she said rather wickedly.

"Jess, don't do this, please!" I beseeched her.

"Well, like I said, I've been thinking. I really haven't decided when to let you cum, but this is so exciting I'm not very likely to let you tonight, no matter what. But I still might. However, if you begged me to promise you that I won't, you know really convinced me that cumming tomorrow for sure would be more important to you than a slim chance of cumming tonight, or even more importantly the chance that you wouldn't be allowed to cum until AFTER tomorrow, then I'd probably make that promise, see!"

My mind was spinning once more, "Jessie, please!"

"Please what, Darling?" she toyed with me.

"I, I don't understand?" I said genuinely confused. I was pretty sure already that she wasn't going to let me cum tonight, but as intolerable as that was, any chance of not being allowed to cum the next day either was unfathomable.

"I know you're probably having a hard time thinking straight Jack, so let me help. If you beg me not to make you cum tonight, no matter what, then I'll promise not to, simple as that."

I was crazed, but not quite that far gone yet, "But what about cumming tomorrow?"

She laughed, "So you can still think after all I see. Very good. Okay, just ask the me to make the promise so you're satisfied."

I had to think; I was petrified that she had a trick in there somewhere. It would be just like her.
"Jess, please promise me that you won't make me cum tonight, no matter what, but that you'll make me cum tomorrow instead" I said carefully.

"Oh Jack, I don't think you really mean it, you're just repeating what I said. That's just not the same as you actually choosing to wait until tomorrow to cum.

"NO! NO! Really Jessie, that's really what I want. I want you to promise me that you'll make me cum tomorrow and not before, no matter what! Honest!" I begged, somehow having actually embraced the idea. She had really messed with my head I knew, but it would give finality to the timeframe, something I'd lost when I first set up this 'fantasy'.

"That sounded much more sincere. Okay I promise that I won't make you cum before tomorrow under any circumstances, Okay?" she said bending over and giving me a little kiss on the cheek.

"Thank you baby, thank you!" I said amazed that I actually meant it. 

"And now I think you've had enough for a while, it's getting late and there is a long day ahead of us" she said with a strange tone that I clearly noticed, but couldn't figure out.

"Jack, look at the time" she said curiously.

I looked around. The clock was still on the bedside table, but Jess had turned it away so I didn't have any sense of time during her torment. She picked it up and turned so I could read it. It took a couple of seconds before it sank in. The clock read 12:18. Before I could speak or react Jess confirmed it.

"Jack it was already Sunday when I made my promise. 'Tomorrow' means Monday, and you know I won't break a promise. Now let's get some sleep."

"NO!" I screamed, "No Jess you can't! YOU CAN'T!"

Calmly she said, "Yes Jack I can, I will, and I am. Now GO TO SLEEP!"

I was fucked. She had outsmarted me again. How was I going to get through this?

"I'm afraid that if I turn you loose, you won't be able to control yourself, so I'm going to loosen these but leave you tied up tonight. I'll go sleep in the guest room," she said.

Without any further conversation she loosened the restraints enough that I could move and flex some, but was still quite secure and could neither roll over nor reach my cock. It only took a moment for me to realize that she was right. If I could have touched myself it would have ended right then.

With that Jess got up and left the room.

I expected that given my state I'd toss and turn all night and never get to sleep, but to my surprise I was soon fast asleep myself. Obviously I was mentally exhausted. Evidently I was physically exhausted too.

I awoke in the morning to Jessie playing with my semi hard cock.

"Oh God Jess, please just release me so we can roll over and make love. I can't take any more!" I begged.

"Oh yes you can. And you will. This is just a little morning wake up," she said as she toyed with my cock some more. 

"I have no intention of short changing you on your fantasy, you certainly didn't me. When you we're so desperately trying to talk me into this you said you wanted me to be a complete and total cock teasing bitch. How am I doing so far?" she asked repeating one of the descriptions I'd used with what could only be described as a depraved laugh.

"Oh, you're doing quite well I'd say!" I said sardonically. 

"Good, I always try to please you," she laughed some more.

With that she undid the restraints.

"Now, be a good little boy and go make your loving wife some coffee," she instructed. On a roll again already.

But as I rose to go to the kitchen, she got up and followed me. Evidently not trusting me to be alone. In all honesty, she shouldn't have.

When I returned she patted the bed next to her indicating that I should lie down. 

Of course I did and she proceeded to grab the Astroglide and go to work on my cock. 

"Earlier was just a gentle little tease. What is it you call what I was doing last night again?" she asked, as if she didn't know.

I knew better but replied anyway, "Edging, though what you were doing was edging and then some!"

"Right, edging, as in to the edge. Well this is going to be a serious edging. And today you are going to have to endure them without being restrained. So you'll have to be on your best behavior," she said sternly.

'Serious edging' sounded really bad, but true to her word she performed a truly serious edging. It was even more intense than the ones the night before, and for some reason I'm still not sure I understand, it was made all the worse by not being restrained, just as she'd hoped. 

"Now my love," she said once she had stopped "that made me very horny again and I want you to make me cum on the wonderful tongue of yours!"

Which of course I immediately proceeded to do.

"Mmm, my, that was quite nice. Quite nice indeed. I think you're getting even better at it!" she complimented.

Having read about it just isn't the same as experiencing it, but it made me feel wonderful to have earned her praise in spite of my frantic need to cum and aching balls. 

When I'd completed my task and she'd caught her breath she told me to come stand in front of her.

Gently stroking my cock and caressing my balls she said, "I am afraid, my wonderful man, that it is my intent to increase the ache in these nice full balls all day long. And to keep your cock hard and frustrated as much of the time as possible. Now, just so you don't loose your motivation to please me every way possible, let me point out that 'tomorrow' starts in just over 12 hours, but doesn't end for over 36. When during the window of time you get to cum will be dictated by how happy you make me."

"Now, I'd like a cup of coffee please."

I damn near ran to the kitchen and was certainly back in record time.

"You know, we haven't gone to tea at Rosemary's Azalea Court in eons. What do you think?" she asked knowing I absolutely hate the place. They actually do serve tea, no coffee or alcohol available, and these little tea sandwiches an example of which is a piece of cucumber with a dab of cheese on it. Not any kind of place or food a red blooded American man would ever choose. Plus I had to wear a coat and tie to go there.

But, I said, "No babe, we haven't and I know how much you love the place. Shall I see if we can get in this afternoon?"

"Well, if that's what you'd like to do today, it would be fine with me," she replied.

'FUCK NO that's not what I want to do!' is what I thought. "I think it would be nice, I'll call and see," is what I said.

Jesus, I could hardly recognize myself. 

I called and was dismayed to find out they were fully booked for the entire afternoon. Panic! What to do. Then I thought of my friend, acquaintance really, who wrote for the Lifestyle section of the local paper. I called him and in exchange for a promised round of golf at my expense at my club, which would cost me a small fortune; he agreed to set us up.

He called back telling me that we had a 2:30 reservation.

I reported the outcome, not the process, to Jessie.

Soon it was time to clean up and dress for 'tea'.

We went about that normally except for one point. Every time I walked by Jessie or she by me, she would stop and stroke my cock until I almost came and then fondle my balls for a little while before leaving me with an almost constantly hard cock bobbing in the air. She seemed to be getting quite a kick out of it too. These weren't 'serious edgings' as she deemed them, but she kept going each time until my balls would tighten, then she'd stop.

Just before she took her shower, she had me lick her to yet another orgasm. She was becoming insatiable. This was turning her on far more than I ever dreamed. Far more than she dreamed either I imagined.

After her shower, just as we started to get dressed to go to the restaurant, Jessie did one final teasing and this one was, at least by my standards, a 'serious edging'. I was shaking when she finally stopped. 

Looking up at me and hefting my balls, she chuckled, "We're finally starting to fill these babies up nicely. I imagine they ache pretty good by now, huh?"

A complete and total understatement. I grunted, "Uh hun"

"Bet you agree with me now about fantasy versus reality, don't you?" she asked, clearly expecting an answer.

"Well, pretty much, yeah. The reality certainly is different than I thought it would be? But, I'd remind you, my fantasy had me cumming at the end of last night!" I said, trying not to sound testy.

"You know that's not completely true! Now get dressed, I don't want to be late" she replied. 

Now Jessie and I have been together a long time. She is a very liberated woman and this is the 21st century. I treat her with respect and try always to be polite, but I don't usually do the car door, pull out the chair kind of things. Not today!

Every door! Always her first! Chair at the restaurant! Made sure she ordered first! The whole nine yards, as they say. Perfect old-fashioned gentleman. 

It felt strange I must admit. She ate it up! Loved every second, I could tell.

I was very careful not to rush or be in a hurry. Jessie really loved this place and was enjoying taking her time. I was glad she was having a good time.

Finally we headed home.

"Thank you for that Jack. I really enjoyed it. I know it's not your favorite place, but you were so nice!" she said as I drove. 

"I'm glad you had a nice time. You're right, it isn't my favorite, but it really is a nice place."

Honest, but thoughtful, right!

"You know Jack, I asked you what I was going to get out of this fantasy of yours, and you explained some of this. But what amazes me is that I can tell you aren't faking this you really are being nice to me because you want to. I didn't understand what you were describing until I actually experienced it" she said contemplatively.

I thought about it. What she said was really true. I wasn't putting this on; I really wanted to make her happy. HAD to make her happy. 

Another honest response, "Well, I hadn't ever actually experienced it until now either. I'd read about it and all, but you're right, you can't fully comprehend until you've experienced it."

Once we arrived at home, we went to the bedroom to change into our grubbies. Jessie got completely undressed, which I thought a bit odd, but by that point in the weekend nothing really surprised me. I took off my good clothes and started to put on some old jeans.

"No, get completely undressed" she directed.

Ahh, I should have realized! I did as she instructed.

She lay back on the bed and lewdly spread her legs. The message was clear and needed no vocalization. I bent to my assignment with vigor. She was cumming in no time.

"Don't stop yet, one more first!" she growled.

After she came down from her second orgasm, she indicated I should lie down next to her. I did and she started to toy with my painfully stiff cock. But that's all she did was toy with it. Enough to get me close to cumming and reinforce my ache to cum, but nothing more.

"I think I'll take a little nap. Why don't you do whatever chores need doing around the house. Figure out dinner too. If you need to, run to the store, but if not, stay naked for me, okay!" it still wasn't a question.

I could tell Jessie was really, really getting into this. I clearly understood the implication of 'whatever chores need doing'. She expected me to look around and figure out what needed doing, something which she frequently pointed out I was not good at.

I walked around the house, looking carefully for what 'might need doing'. I have to admit, given my mindset, I saw things that I put on my mental 'to do' list that I normally wouldn't even have noticed.

I set about doing them all, and thoroughly. It felt odd running around the house naked, but soon I was so busy I hardly noticed. I'd left cleaning up the kitchen until last, and was just finishing up when Jessie walked in. She was wearing normal, weekend casual, but she looked much sexier than usual. At least to my cum obsessed mind's eye.

"You've been busy I see," a noncommittal comment. Had I passed the test or not. She gave no indication.

"Yeah, and don't mess up MY kitchen either!" I said joking.

She chuckled, "Okay. Just remember, you're the one who said it was YOUR kitchen mister!"

Hmm, outsmarted again probably. 

"I was just going to make a list and go shopping," I said, hoping to escape any more teasing for at least a while.

Not to be. She walked up to me and it only took a half step back on my part, but my ass was resting against the counter's edge. 

"Hands on the counter, and keep them there!" she directed. 

I groaned slightly as I complied.

"Legs apart and lean back a little!"

I could tell I was in for it.

She started by taking my balls, one in the fingertips of each hand and rolling them back and forth as if she was feeling fruit at the grocery story. I started to squirm almost immediately and of course harden too.

"Hold still or this will be all the much worse," she said evenly.

I was sure that wasn't true, that she'd do her worst no matter what, but I didn't want to find out for sure so I tried my best to stand still. 

"We need to work some more on filling these babies up even more," she teased.

"I think I have some ideas that will have them about ready to burst by the end of the tonight! Is the ache coming back baby?" she asked. I didn't think she expected an answer.

She squeezed just hard enough to send a message.

"Jack, I asked you a question. Is the ache coming back?"

This time I was quick to respond, "Oh God yes, very much so!"

"Good, that's what you wanted wasn't it?" she went on.

I knew better than not to answer this time, "No, yes, uh not like this!"

I babbled, not really knowing what the true answer was!

"You mean you wanted this, but didn't think it would be like THIS, don't you?" she asked.

"Yes, yes!" I stammered.

"I warned you that you didn't know what you were asking for, but I promise before we're done you will understand thoroughly what a serious cock teasing is!" she chuckled. 

"Oh God" I moaned.

She giggled some more.

Once my cock was hard as a rock and my balls aching for real, she switched her primary attention to my cock head. Not ignoring my balls, mind you. She rubbed the free flowing precum all over my glans and on my most sensitive and responsive spots especially. She frequently would use just one fingertip on the frenulum driving me nearly wild.

She hadn't given my cock a single actual stroke yet. I realized this was the first teasing she done without ever stroking my cock. It was maddening to be sure, but I quickly understood that she could do this much, much longer than the other edgings, even in my current state, before I'd reach the edge. It was in many ways the most frustrating thing she'd done yet!

She kept it up non-stop for over half an hour. She was touching so lightly that I felt like I was about to cum the whole time, but couldn't quite get over the edge. My knees were about to buckle, my legs shaking like Jell-O. She still hadn't given my cock an actual stroke. Finally she gave me five very light, slow strokes. I thought she'd gone too far. My balls tightened and my cock started to spasm. Just as it did, she wrapped her thumb and forefinger very tightly around the base of my cock, effectively choking off my orgasm. My balls pulsed and my cock twitched, but then it was over. A single drop of cum fell from the tip. I nearly screamed with frustration. 

"I bet they really ache now," she said with that grin as she softly bounced my balls in her palm. 

That was a huge understatement. I'd never felt like that in my whole life. The ache in my balls was almost painful. My need to cum, absolutely overwhelming. I could barely stand. I honestly think that if I'd let go of the counter I would have collapsed. 

Then as if it were any normal Sunday, she said, "You haven't been to the store yet, right?"

"Right" I croaked, my voice breaking. 

"Well, you better get dressed and go. It's getting late," she instructed as she turned and left the room. 










It took me a few minutes to gather enough strength just to go to the bedroom and pull on some jeans and a shirt. I headed to the store. I decided on a simple dinner, but one that included many of Jesse's favorites. A stuffed avocado for the salad course, lamb chops and fettuccini, plus asparagus and I even stopped at a little deli that makes up crme brle another of Jesse's favorites. I skipped the rose this time, not wanting to be overly repetitive.

When I got back home Jesse was reading a book and sipping a glass of wine. She was dressed in one of my old dress shirts, with the sleeves rolled up. Something she did on occasion. She had the top two buttons undone. It was obvious she wasn't wearing anything under it at all. It was barely covering her pussy and her cleavage certainly showed. It was also obviously she was still quite turned on as her nipples were prominently pushing out the material. Her long legs were crossed and looking fabulous.

I started fixing dinner and poured myself a glass of wine to try and calm down. I could tell she was planning a very frustrating evening for me, though at the time I didn't know the half of it. 

"Jack! Would you bring me some more wine." she yelled from the other room. As usual that weekend, while phrased as a question, it wasn't. 

I expected a bit of a show when I got there and Jesse didn't disappoint. She had shifted around and her right leg was exposed clear up to her hip, showing off one lovely bun. The shirt was pulled by the sofa back so that it was very tight across her chest leaving little covered and nothing to the imagination. Well, that certainly wasn't quite true, but you know what I mean. My imagination was certainly active.

"Thanks," she said sexily as I poured. 

Soon dinner was ready and we were eating and conversing in a very normal manner. Jess wasn't doing any overt teasing, but she looked so fucking sexy in that shirt she didn't have to. Earlier I'd wondered at her letting me stay dressed, but by then I almost wish she hadn't; the bulge in my jeans was uncomfortably tight.

After dinner I cleaned up and joined Jesse in the family room where she had her nose in her book again. 

"Wanna' watch a movie or something?" I asked.

She just chuckled, "Nice try, but I think it's time to head up to the bedroom."

I tried not to groan, because I knew what she really meant.

Soon we were in the bedroom where Jesse had me undress and lay on the bed. In short order she had me tightly secured again. I wondered what she had planned because she hadn't removed or even undone the shirt and I was surprised she hadn't had me service her orally at least once before tying me up. There was a goodly amount of evening left and I knew Jesse was well rested. Just her tying me up had me rock hard given my state and the knowledge of what was to come, at least in the general sense.

"Don't go away, I'll be back shortly!" she quipped as she walked out of the room.

She was gone a good long time, long enough that my cock was at least semi-soft by the time she returned. I was to soon find out that was exactly what she'd wanted. She was carrying something that looked like several pieces of leather fastened together. I didn't know what it was, but quickly figured it out as she swiftly began to attach the device to my cock and balls. It was a harness that had a fairly wide strap that went around the top of my scrotum and a second strap that then separated my balls from each other. The third strap was then secured snuggly around the base of my cock, which by that time was almost fully hard again. The instant she snapped it in place my cock became rock hard. Harder even than before and the veins were standing out prominently, the head an even deeper purple than before and clearly more swollen. My scrotum was stretched very tight over my balls, which were held away from my body and stuck out for easy access.

"There, now we'll see if what the sales lady said was true," she said with a lilt in her voice.

When it was obvious she wasn't going to volunteer the information I figure I had nothing to lose, "Which was what?"

With that she started to lightly scratch my balls. My God it felt like electricity, they were so tight and sensitive.

"Which was, that this would not only display you nicely, which it does, but it would make you more sensitive, especially your balls, and also help further delay orgasm," she explained with a laugh in her voice.

She then stroked me a few times and also scratched my cock head a little. NO QUESTION about the sensitivity issue, it was unbelievable. A few hours of her teasing with that thing on and I knew I'd have to be institutionalized! 

As if mirroring my thoughts Jessie said, "WOW! No question about the sensitivity issue! I barely touched you and you reacted almost violently. I hope the rest of what the clerk said is as accurate."

It must have been about an hour of almost non-stop teasing later, during which I thrashed and strained and begged her to make me cum, the sensations were so intense, that she paused and said, "Now let's see if this thing really helps hold back your orgasms too."

During that first hour of teasing, Jess had been merciless in her non-stop touching and stroking of both my cock and balls, but while bringing close to the edge repeatedly, she hadn't done one of her 'serious edgings'. That was about to change and then some.

Jesse poured some lube in her palms and rubbed her hands together, then she began to stroke my cock. Slow, long, loose strokes. Definitely moving me toward an orgasm, but at an agonizingly slow pace, however she didn't back off. I kept getting closer and closer. 

I was moaning uncontrollably. If felt so damn good! The knowledge that she was only going to stop again was maddening. The cock and ball harness seemed to be retarding how fast I got to the edge, which of course was the point, but I was getting there nonetheless.

Finally I approached the point of no return. I knew any instant she would stop yet another time. Instead, I was stunned by her words!

"Cum baby, I know how bad you need to, so cum!" she said soothingly.

It was another trick. I knew it was. My mind was completely mush by that point. I couldn't think anywhere near straight. The only thing I did know was that she hadn't changed how she was stroking me. A couple of more strokes and I WOULD cum!

"Come on baby, you can do it. CUM!" she urged while continuing to stoke.

MY GOD! She was finally going to let me cum! "OH GOD!" I screamed. And then I was there. No way to stop me from cumming now. My balls started to pull up and my cock tensed to spew cum a mile!

Every muscle in my body tensed as I strained against the restraints. My orgasm had started, BUT IT HADN'T!

"AHGGG!" I screamed some more as my body tightened even further.

Finally Jesse released my cock. My whole body was twitching. I'd reached the point of orgasm but, but, well but I somehow hadn't. I hadn't cum. It was impossible! I most certainly had reached orgasm, I'd felt that, but I hadn't cum. I felt no release. The frustration was as high as it had been. My balls were full and aching. I didn't understand, it was IMPOSSIBLE!

Then it finally dawned on me. The harness! The GOD DAMN cock and ball harness had kept me from cumming. My balls couldn't pull up and the strap around the base of my cock had squeezed off my orgasm.

"FUCK! OH FUCK!" I yelled at the top of my lungs. I was breathing as though I'd run a mile.

After a minute or so 'it', whatever 'it' was that wasn't an orgasm passed. I was drained, not literally, but figuratively, emotionally and physically. 

Jesse was undaunted. She began to stroke me just as before in spite of that. It didn't take long before it happened again.

"GRRRRAAAAAAAAAAA!" I shrieked, unable to form cogent words. 

Jesse repeated this a few more times. How many I lost track. Each one was more severe than the previous. It felt as though my balls were being pulled away from my body during the 'events'. I thought my cock would split open. By the last time before she finally stopped I thought my balls had been placed in a vice.

Two make matters even worse; on the last two 'cycles' she had used just very light, short strokes. She one stoked the last inch or so of my cock, focusing the stimulation all on that most sensitive spot at my frenulum. It was even more excruciatingly frustrating because it lasted even longer!

I was covered in sweat. Every muscle in my body was trembling. I was gasping for air, nearly hyperventilating. I finally recovered enough to realize she'd stopped. I'd had my eyes squeezed shut so hard they hurt when I finally opened them. It took a moment for my vision to clear.

There, kneeling between my legs was Jesse, sitting back on her heels just looking at me. The look on her face was one of incredulousness. 

We just looked into each other's eyes for a while. Finally she spoke in a whisper, "That was absolutely unbelievable. 

After a few seconds pause, she added much louder, "TOTALLY FUCKING UNBELIEVABLE!"

"My god! It works even better than the clerk said. I can't believe what just happened! That was SO hot!" she went on.

"I need a little break after that," she exclaimed.

'THANK GOD!' I thought. It was a foolish thought.

Jesse climbed off the bed and went to her night table drawer again. This time she returned with a condom and the little clit stimulator I hadn't seen in years. It is designed for direct clit stimulation, or anal play, according to the Adam and Eve website where we'd purchased it. It is about the size of your little finger; straight and made of hard plastic. It uses a single AAA battery, to help give you a feel for the size, but it is a very powerful vibrator!

Jess turned it on and rubbed it around my cock and balls. The sensation was almost like electricity; not surprising given my state. After a few minutes she was concentrating on that most sensitive spot of mine. It didn't take much movement to start me up the long (well, maybe not so long at that point) ramp toward orgasm. After a few more minutes she held it against that part of my cock again, but without moving it. In fact she held it aligned with my cock and perfectly still.

It caused me to squirm; in fact it was quite frustrating because while it was stimulating, I wanted more, certainly needed more to reach the point of cumming. It didn't take me long to realize that what she was doing would never get me off, especially with that fucking harness on!

Evidently Jesse reached the same conclusion about the same time. She had been studying me very closely while she held the thing in place. Satisfied, she set it aside momentarily and opened the condom packet. She slipped it just over the head of my cock and then put the vibe back with the narrow tip just barely tucked inside the condom. She then proceeded to roll the condom down the length of my shaft trapping the vibe in place without her having to hold it.

I suddenly realized what she had in mind, "NO! Oh God NO! PLEASE JESSE!"

She just grinned and finished her work.

"There, that should keep you out of trouble while I'm gone!" she chuckled. 

The experience was very maddening. It made me want to cum even more than before, but it wasn't enough stimulation to allow it. Again I thought of the 'fucking harness', that would have been funny under different circumstances. It turned out, it wouldn't be long before I found out it really WAS a fucking harness.

I haven't any idea how long she'd been gone, but I assure you it was a very long time. The first I comprehended she was back was when I heard a giggle from the doorway. I'd had my eyes squeezed shut again and I realized that I had been slowly humping the air, somehow trying to get more stimulation.

"That's quite a sight!" She giggled "I guess that setup makes you want even more, huh?"

I just moaned a little.

She came to the bed and removed her little home-rigged torture device. Without another word she climbed on the bed and lowered her pussy to my mouth. The message was clear and I obliged her desire. It didn't take long before she drenched my face with the results of yet another shuddering climax.

"Mmmm, you are getting VERY good at that," she moaned, as she lifted off my face, but not much.

After she regained her composure she lowered herself again. I attacked her clit as hard as I could. It was only another minute or two before I was awash in her juices yet again.

"I have to feel that big cock inside me. I sure hope that harness works as well as I think!" she said as she turned around and impaled herself on my iron hard rod. 

She was sitting up, riding me cowgirl style. She slowly rocked her crotch back and forth. The moans quickly became some of the most erotic I'd ever heard coming from her. It took me a while to figure it out, but then I realized that the strap around the base of my cock was also acting as a clit tickler. The rough leather was working over her clit in a way she'd probably never experienced before. The damn harness was doing double duty. It was giving her clit some extreme stimulation while choking off my cock and balls. That coupled with the fact that she was rocking back and forth rather than working up and down on my cock meant she could go on that way for a long time without pushing me over the edge. 

It turned out I was even more right than I'd imagined. She came hard twice before she lay down on my chest and started working my cock in and out of her pussy in long slow strokes. It was driving me wild, and it was much more stimulating, but like the hand job she'd given me before her break, it made me feel like I was going to cum, but didn't.

She, however, had no such problem, cumming twice more before she finally just collapsed down on my chest, with my throbbing cock pulsing deep inside her cunt. I'm sure little drops of cum were oozing out the tip, but it provided no relief or satisfaction.

She was positively purring as she lay there. 

"Mmm, that was absolutely fantastic," she said in a whisper. 

Soon she was breathing that even respiration of sleep.

After a while she woke, my cock still hard as could be and buried in her love tunnel. She squeezed her cunt muscles, causing my cock to begin twitching again. Feeling the reaction she caused she did it again as she giggled. 

Finally she crawled off. She loosened the restraints so that I could stretch and move a bit, but I certainly couldn't get my hand to my cock. Obviously she could read my mind. The first thing I would have done was rip off that insidious harness, the next would have been to pump my cock as fast and furiously as I could until I blew the massive load that was distending my nuts!

"That's as much as I'm going to loosen you tonight. I know what you'd do if I turned you loose and I'm not strong enough to stop you. I'm sure that under the circumstances you'd never listen to anything I had to say either, so you're just going to have to stay restrained until I'm through with you. I've worked too hard to let you spoil your fantasy now!" she said, all quite mater-of-factly.

'SHE'D worked too hard? WHAT THE FUCK ABOUT ME?' I thought!

"They told me not to leave this on too long or it could cut off the circulation. We certainly wouldn't want that!" she said with a chuckle as she removed the harness.

That, however, was the end of it. She pulled the covers over us and then she rolled over. Just before she went back to sleep she said, "Tomorrow you get to cum. I could make you cum with my mouth, my hands or my pussy. I want you to think about which one it is going to be." Shortly there after she was sound asleep, fully sated and exhausted from all the orgasms. I, on the other hand, could not fall asleep. I was simply too wound up, not to mention very curious about her final remark.

I woke in the morning to Jessie sucking on my cock. God damn it felt good. An instant before I was about to fill her mouth, she stopped. I groaned loudly in severe frustration!

Without a word Jess rose and left the room. She had been gone quite a while when I contemplated calling out to her, but thought that would only start things going again all the sooner. I was grateful for a few waking moments to gather myself before beginning more teasing and denial. I had no delusions that the day would bring anything else. I just wondered how much before she finally let me cum. I knew Jesse would keep her promise about that, but 'today' lasted until midnight I realized. That seemed an eternity away right then. 

Finally Jessie returned.

"It's eight o'clock," she informed me. "You get to cum now."

I couldn't believe it! She was actually going to let me cum so early in the day. I was almost delirious with relief! I should have known better. I had reacted too soon.

An instant after she'd said I could cum now, she added, "IF you pick the correct method!"

"You remember the three ways I said I could make you cum?" she asked.

"Yes,' I responded warily. 

"Okay the, here is how this is going to work. I'm going to pick one of the three ways and write it on a piece of paper. Then you choose one of the ways. If you are right, you get to cum right then, but if you pick incorrectly I'm going to take you right to the edge using the method you picked and stop just before you cum. In that case we'll do it all over again in exactly one hour. We'll keep that up until you pick the same way I write down. Understand?" she explained.

"Yes, I understand," I replied hopefully. 

It didn't sound too bad. I had one chance in three each time. It seemed unlikely that I would have to pick more than two or three times before I got to cum. 

"Okay then, here we go," with that Jessie picked up a notepad and a pen and wrote something. Then she tore off the piece of paper and folded it in half. Finally she set it on the bedside table.

"Alright, you choose now," she said.

I thought for a minute. Knowing Jessie I figured she'd most likely pick me cumming in her pussy, since I know that's what she likes best.

"Pussy?" I said tentatively.

She smiled, "You know me too well, don't you?"

"Was I right?" I almost screamed, certain that I had been.

Laughing she replied, "You'll know soon enough!"

First she retightened the restraints so I could barely move at all. Then she positioned herself over me and aimed my cock at her lovely twat, lowering herself until I was fully buried inside her. She leaned forward and gave me a very passionate kiss and then started to slowly fuck me. Ever so slowly.

It didn't matter that it was extremely slow; I was quickly racing toward my long denied orgasm.

"Oh yes! OH GOD YES!" I cried out. I couldn't help it. I was there, I was right THERE! Another second and I was going to explode in her tight, wet cunt!

At the last possible second, she lifted her hips and my cock slid all the way out of her pussy, making a wet slapping noise as it flopped against my belly.

"NOOO! GOD NO!" I screamed. It was too much. I'd been positive she'd picked pussy. I was so ready to cum and I'd been sure I was going to. It was the most wicked denial yet!

She giggled as she climbed off the bed and picked up the piece of paper. 

"You outsmarted yourself," she chimed, holding the piece of paper so I could read the word 'mouth'.
Damn it, I had indeed outsmarted myself. I was positive the last thing she would have chosen would be mouth. Jess was one step ahead of me, as usual!

"Relax, I'll be back in a while," she said as she sauntered out of the room. 

The entire time she was gone I concentrated on trying to figure out which of the three to choose the next time. I knew I was outthinking myself, and that I was probably better off just picking one at random, but I couldn't help it.

It seemed like forever before she returned, but knowing Jessie I'm sure it had been exactly one hour.

"Ready to try again?" she asked, way to cheerfully for my mood.

"Yes!" I replied, preying that my ordeal was about to end.

She picked up the pad and wrote and then looked at me, "Well, what's your pick this time?"

"Pussy!" I said confidently. I assumed I figured how she would think this through.

"You really want to cum inside me, don't you?" she said with a big grin.

"Okay, let's see if you're right this time."

This second time she was far more brutal than the first. The first time she'd just given me a slow but steady fuck until I was very near the edge. The second time she was much more creative. She started by taking my cock in her hand and sliding just the tip back and forth the length of her slit. She kept that up quite a while. It was a very maddening sensation, but did little to bring my closer to orgasm.

Next she used my cock as if it were a dildo. She flicked it back and forth and rubbed it against her clit, giving herself some very good stimulation while denying me much at all. Finally she slowly lowered herself onto my pole until all of me was buried inside her.

"Mmm, you are certainly big and hard" she said dreamily. It was obvious that her early actions had her climbing toward another orgasm much more than she had done to me yet. At first she was performing the same torturously slow, steady fucking she'd done before, but after just a little bit of that and while I was still far from cumming, she lowered herself all the way down on me and started just rocking back and forth. I immediately realized she was rubbing her clit against my pubic bone and giving herself some very intense stimulation while giving me very little yet again.

"Mmm, God that feels good. Oh yeah, this is going to work much better!" she moaned, her eyes starting to turn glassy.

She'd discovered a way that she could get off on my cock, which I know she loves, without having to really pay much attention to keep me from going over the edge. She'd stop the rocking and start the slow pumping again every few minutes until I'd get close, but not dangerously so and then she'd go back to grinding her clit on my bone. 

It took about four cycles of this before she exploded in a shuddering orgasm. The feeling of her pussy pulsing and spasming around my dick was extremely frustrating as you can imagine. As soon as her orgasm passed she began the slow fucking again. 

Able to concentrate more fully, she pushed me much closer before stopping. While she let me back off a little she would squeeze her cunt muscles as hard as she could, causing my cock to twitch violently inside her. She sat up each time she did this so she could reach behind her and massage my balls too.

"Jessie, PLEASE, for God's sake I can't take any more! PLEASE! I REALLY CAN'T STAND ANY MORE!" I was begging non-stop. I really had reached my limit and felt I was about to croak or something.

"Okay, you finally ready?" she whispered gently right in my ear.

"GOD YES, PLEASE!" I shouted.

"Cum baby, cum hard!" she whispered again as she started to pump my cock in and out of her slippery love box. She was going at a nice steady pace, not slow like before.

I raced toward orgasm. My arms and legs straining against the restraints as my whole body tensed in anticipation.

I felt my balls start to contract and my cock swell in the final seconds. So did Jess and as she did she lifted her hips enough so my cock once again slapped down on my stomach and just lay there twitching and jerking, but not cumming!

"NOOO! YOU CAN'T! OH GOD NO!" I really was screaming.

She just looked down at me a chuckled, "I bet you actually thought you were going to get to cum at last, huh?"

"Oh God Jess, PLEASE! I really, really can't stand any more. Please make me cum now!" I begged.

"You know Jack, I think you're telling the truth. I really don't think you can take any more either!" she said evenly.

"Oh God, thank you, thank you!" I said with obvious joy and relief that this was coming to an end at last. At that instant I really wondered why in the HELL I had ever gotten myself into such a mess.

Then Jessie dropped a bombshell, "BUT, what you said you wanted was, and I quote, 'do it over and over until you can't stand any more, then do it some more anyway.' And since you are finally at the point where you can't stand any more I now have to do it some more anyway, right?"

"OH GOD NO Jess! I never imagined it would be like this, please!" I begged some more.

"I seem to remember telling you exactly that, but you said this was what you wanted anyway. Remember you told me you wanted me be to be a merciless cock teasing bitch," she said in a deadly serious manner.

Of course, as always, Jessie remembered exactly what I'd said with perfect accuracy. I realized I'd set myself up to be totally fucked and now that was exactly what Jess was going to do.

"In fact, since your fantasy includes more teasing after you can't stand it, I can't let you cum until you receive quite a bit more teasing. With the luck you're having so far today it probably wouldn't matter anyway, but you don't get another chance to guess correctly until I've given you at least three more teasing sessions. Heck, maybe I'll just keep teasing you all day and never let you cum," she said in way to cheerier a manner for my liking.

"But Jess, you can't! You promised to make me cum today!" I implored, my confidence that Jessie wouldn't break her promise wavering. 

She laughed at that, "Oh no I didn't. That's what you asked me to promise, but you didn't listen carefully enough when I made the promise. I said 'I promise that I won't make you cum before tomorrow, which meant today, under any circumstances. But I left out the part you asked me to include about definitely making you cum today. I've already fulfilled my promise and I still don't have to let you cum. So you better be real nice to me!"

I thought hard! I honestly couldn't remember exactly what Jess had promised, but I was sure that she now felt she had the choice of making me wait another day or even longer before letting me cum. I was devastated.

"Now rest for a while, I'll be back soon." And with that she left the room.

I realized that Jessie had somehow rigged my guessing earlier in the day. I didn't know how, but it was clear that she had never intended to let me cum yet. She'd been planning all along to keep teasing me even after I really couldn't take any more. It was obvious to both of us that I'd reached that point. That she was going to continue to drive me wild for God knew how long was unthinkable to me. The possibility that she wasn't going to let me cum at all that day had just become very real to me. I thought I might actually cry.

'A while' turned out to be rather short. It wasn't long at all before Jess was back kneeling between my legs, and toying with my cock. She rotated through her entire bag of tricks almost non-stop for a very long time. I'm positive that marathon session must have lasted at least two hours. When she did have to stop to keep me from cumming, she employed her ball massaging techniques, except of course during the occasional break to sit on my face and have me lick her to yet another orgasm!

Near the end of that particular session she engaged in some heavy verbal teasing too, which she seemed to enjoy immensely as well.

Things like, "God Jack, your balls are unbelievably swollen and the veins on your cock look like they are about to burst. I don't know how you can stand this. You must need to cum so bad by now I can't imagine what it's like!" 

And then with a giggle she added, "But you aren't going to for a long, long time"

Her good nature and giggling as she said these things made it all the worse.

I began to feel like I really was slowly loosing my mind. The ache was indeed extreme. My cock was so sensitive that her touches felt electric. She'd become so skillful that I constantly felt like my orgasm was just a second or two away and any further stimulation whatsoever would push me over the edge, but still she kept me from that final achievement. 

It was well into the afternoon when Jessie finally gave me a rest. I was emotionally drained and physically in desperate need of being drained, if you know what I mean! Jess was giving me way, way more than I'd bargained for and I was absolutely regretting having gone through with my fantasy, just as she had predicted.

I think I must have dozed off again because I had no sense of how long Jessie had been gone when I realized she was in the room again.

I knew I really, really couldn't stand any more.

I started to beg in earnest, "PLEASE Jess, no more! PLEASE! I really can't stand any more; I can't take any more. You have to stop teasing me like this and let me cum, PLEASE; I'm really begging you! PLEASE!"

She looked at me and a grin spread across her face, "Oh sure you can! You do need to cum very, very badly I know, but you can take some more teasing first. Just like you fantasized about all this time. Here let me show you!"

And with that she crawled up onto the bed and started to suck and lick my cock and balls. She was doing it excruciatingly soft and slow; still it took only seconds before I was right at the edge yet again.

"NO! God no! PLEASE MAKE ME CUM!" I yelled.

"Mmmh mmh" she moaned around my cock as she shook her head just a little from side to side.

The sensation of her vocalization was amazing and nearly put me over the edge. It was clear, however that she didn't intend for that to happen.

She went on giving me the lightest, most teasing blowjob I'd ever experienced, making it last for a long time. Finally I was at the point where any more stimulation would have me spurting. My balls tightened and my cock started to spasm. I was thrusting my hips as much as I could, which wasn't much. I knew she was just an instant away from stopping again.

However to my amazement she didn't stop. She just kept up that very light licking and sucking. It was too much, my whole body started to shake as the first shot of cum erupted from the tip of my cock. Just as it started Jess began sucking hard and fast, her head bobbing up and down quickly, her lips wrapped tight around my shaft. She took me deep in her throat until her lips were at the very base of my cock and then slid them up the shaft until just the head was still in her mouth. Back and forth she made the trip as rapidly as she could. She was sucking and swallowing for all she was worth too!

Shot after shot of my jizz kept spewing from my cock. My body continued to shake violently. Jess just kept at it while I experienced the most massive and intense orgasm of my entire life. She tried valiantly to swallow every drop, but it was simply impossible. The volume was far too great and some was running out the corners of her mouth.

It seemed as if I would go on shooting cum forever. I don't know how long it was before she stopped as I lapsed into a daze at some point. Nor do I know how long it took before I regained my senses, but when I did I looked up to a huge smile on that gorgeous face and saw cum running down her chin and dripping onto her luscious tits. 

Once I was more or less recovered Jess quickly released my restraints and lay down next to me, wrapping her arms around me. I was too wasted to even move.

After a while Jessie started to stroke my cock again. It was not the teasing kind of strokes she'd been giving it for the past couple of days, but rather the kind intended to get me hard and ready to fuck. Somewhat to my surprise she was getting a response much sooner than would normally be the case given how recently I had cum, but things were still a long way from normal.

It wasn't long before I was ready and Jessie wasted no time climbing on top and slipping my cock in her very wet snatch. Her on top is a position we both enjoy greatly, but for some reason one we just don't do all that often. She began a nice steady pace, rocking her pelvis in a way that stimulates the head of my cock more than when I'm on top. 

The sensation of Jess fucking me was quite intense, given how sensitive my cock was from the treatment it had received. Intense, but wonderful! And again in much less time than normal after such a recent orgasm, I was right on the verge. Jess sensed this and increased the pace while contracting her cunt muscles at the same time. That did it and I blasted off for the second time. She dept it up until my balls were thoroughly drained and my cock was mostly soft. It wasn't as intense as the orgasm her earlier blow job had produced, but it was still about a 9.9 on a scale of 10.

We just cuddled for a while and I dozed off again. I was physically and emotionally exhausted after the ordeal that had started on Friday night. Really it started over a week earlier I realized.

When we woke we took a shower together and played around a bit, but it was only that. No more cumming. 

After a light, and quiet dinner we went off to bed. I licked Jess to a serious orgasm while she sucked and toyed with my cock, but not enough to bring me off. She wanted a 'real' lovemaking sessions she said. And that's exactly what she got. Not the wild animal sex of earlier in the day, but slow and tender and intimate. We were both quite satisfied afterwards.

Only then did we discuss my fantasy. She asked if it was what I wanted and I admitted she'd been right. It had been what I asked for, but turned out to be far more than I wanted. I acknowledged she had not gone beyond what I'd described, but again admitted it was much more intense than I could possibly have anticipated. We both commented on how when I did finally cum it was the most violent and intense orgasm ever.

Jessie acknowledged that she had enjoyed it far more than she ever dreamed.

Jessie asked me if I was sorry we'd done it. I had to reflect for a moment, but said I wasn't, because I would always have wondered if we hadn't.

She also asked if I wanted to repeat my fantasy ever. I thought even longer on that one, but in the end said "Maybe someday I might considerate, but no time soon, that's for sure."

Our conversation wound up with her asking if she got to choose the next fantasy we acted out. Of course I said yes, that was our original deal that we'd alternate picking what it would be.

At that point we kissed and hugged and snuggled down to go to sleep.

I was just nodding off when Jess whispered in my ear, "Jack, what if my fantasy was to repeat this weekend?"

I just groaned by way of response, but I could tell she was serious. I was also surprised to feel a bit of a twitch in my crotch!
THE END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Peter_


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





