BDSM Library - Tommy Gets Fitted




Tommy Gets Fitted
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Tommy desperately wanted to go to the schools prom. He needed a date first but then he must have a tuxedo. When his date takes him to find his most important suit, Tommy could never have imagined the price he would have to pay.






Tommy Gets Fitted&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Jonathon Starion


Tommy Jenson was a simple mild man who was not looking for trouble but it always seemed to find him. Yes, wherever he went woman would make it a point to pinch his little cheeks or rub their fingers through his growth of light brown curly hair.

Light brown eyes completed the nice looking accountants facial features. What made Tommy standout was he was a little shorter than most men in their forties. Standing just 5 feet was a pain for him even though he was certainly not a midget, he felt that way.

Perhaps it was the fact that Tommy was so nervous around woman that he found it so difficult to approach them and counted on woman to go to him. It sure seemed to work that way for Tommy but it didn't please him in the type of woman he desired. Tommy liked a big strong dominant woman to come on to him and more than that, she had to be a black woman.

Tommy wasn't sure why she had to be a colored girl but it may have something to do with his confidence in the past.

Tommy was growing up mentally but not physically like all his friends. Even the girls in his high school were taller than Tommy. It was when the Prom was only a month away that Tommy began to experience what would be ever lasting in his personal dating or lack of dating life.

It all started in 1981 The big dance known by all the high school seniors as The Prom was just around the corner.

Marian Kirsten was not the most beautiful girl in Westover High but she was closer to his height at then 4 feet 10 inches. How could she turn me down thought Tommy.

When Tommy asked her for the big one all the teens looked so forward to, she laughed at him. Why did she do that to me? I always thought she was nice to me and would always talk to me.

Marian told her friends who asked her out and they all had a big laugh back then. Tommy was heart broken and a little peeved how he was treated by the only girl he could talk to.

It was when Donna Brown asked him why he was so down that Tommy revealed how embarrassed he was to get shot down.

"Look Tommy, I know rejection and have had my share of it too."

"Thanks for telling me Donna but I always thought she liked me, that's what makes it feel so damn bad."

"Listen Tommy, it's obvious we both don't have a date for the prom, would you like to go to the Prom with me?"

Tommy didn't know what to say or do. First of all Donna was a good foot or more taller than him, she outweighed him by at least a hundred pounds if not a lot more. Last but not least, Donna was black.

Donna was getting upset that Tommy was taking this long to answer her. She was hoping to experiment on Tommy and of course Tommy had no idea why she wanted to date him for the Prom.

"Look Donna, I will go with you but I have one question of you. Why did you chose me?"

"I think you are cute Tommy and besides, I feel for you that you were turned down by a girl like her. Marian is not exactly what most guys consider attractive you know?"

Tommy knew all to well and that added more insult to his hurt.

Tommy and Donna were going to the Prom and that meant clothes. Tommy was aware that the men typically wore tuxedos and of course the women wore Prom Gowns.

Donna was from a poor part of town and she asked Tommy if he would help her pay for her dress. Since Tommy was from a little more well to do family, he said that he would help contribute half of the cost. Donna was elated.

Now that it was all set for Donna, she told Tommy that she would help him choose a tuxedo that would do him well and make him stand out. She chuckled at the double meaning.

It was arranged that the two of them would get together and pick out Tommy's Tuxedo first. Tommy drove a nice clean 1978 Chevy painted a bright blue.

Tommy went to Donna's home and she was waiting in front of her row home. She was wearing a pair of cut off dungarees and a tank top that showed off her well endowed chest.

"OK Tommy, we need to go up 5th street and turn left on Martin Luther King Street. From there I will give you directions but it's just a block from there."

Tommy knew a little about Delaware and was apprehensive of the area Donna was taking him. He felt because she was his friend that she would also protect him. She was much stronger than any of the guys he knew so he knew there was nothing to be concerned about. That's what he thought.

"Here Tommy, make a right to the stop sign and then take a quick left. We can walk the rest of the way as you have to go over a little canal."

This was definitely not the part of town he wanted to be. He was not only afraid for himself but his car was parked where it could easily be vandalized.

"Trust me Tommy, no one is going to bother you or your car, I am known around here and you have no worries."

Donna relaxed him and they walked over a small wooden bridge that was wide enough to walk but not much else would fit.

"Here we are Tommy, let's go."

"Donna, this is a private home, I think. Where do you see me getting a tuxedo here?"

"Follow me silly and you will see."

Tommy walked in behind her and got a real good luck at her butt. He was amazed how round and firm it looked. Never really looking at her from behind.

"Hello, can I hel.."

"Well, well look who it is?"

"Tommy, this is my Aunt Karen, Karen, this is the boy I am taking to the Prom. Isn't he adorable?"

"My my, Yes he is. You make..Make an interesting looking couple."

Tommy saw a couple sewing machines but not one tuxedo or article of mens clothing was to be seen. He was pondering how this could be a place to buy what he needed to wear.

Aunt Karen was a big woman in her own right. Not as tall as Donna but she had a big behind and tits that measured 38DD. She had a friendly face and Tommy was at ease with her.

"Tommy, Aunt knows what I like in mens tuxedos because I told her already. All you do is listen to everything she tells you and we will be fine with it. I will sit down here and wait for you."

"Follow me dear and we will get started in fitting you and making a special suit that will do my Donna proud. You do want to please her right?"

"Yes Aunt Karen, I would do anything to make her happy."

"And that you will do, I promise that."

When Tommy went with Aunt Karen, he didn't know that Aunt Karen's Daughter was just coming in the door. 

"About time you got here Linn, they are in the back. Did you bring it?"

"Yes, I got it. I don't break my promises like other people I know."

"Alright, go do your thing, I will be here."

"Oh hi Linn, this is Tommy. He is taking Donna to the Prom in a couple weeks or so."

Linn Jones was another big girl. Maybe taller and heavier than her cousin Donna. Linn was not that attractive with acne invading her face.

"Hi Tommy, you are in good hands with my mom here. Hehe."

"Stop that Linn, you're making him nervous and we didn't even get his clothes off yet."

Tommy wasn't sure he heard what he heard and pretended that something just tricked his hearing. 

"Let's get you ready Tommy dear, please put this gown on and put all your clothes in this little container."

"What do you..You want me to do..Take off all my..My clothes?"

"Yes dear, we need to measure you and we must have a perfect figure to make your suit. Now, don't give us any flak, just do as you're told. Understand?"

Tommy was red faced as he didn't know how to react to that demand of removing all his clothes. 

"Are you ready dear? Just put the gown on when you are and come out, we have to get moving dear."

Aunt Karen told him to go behind the small curtain and to be quick about it.

When Tommy parted the little tan curtain he was not ready for the pictures on the walls. He thought he just entered an adult picture gallery. All sorts of depictions that showed women playing with a young mans penis. In every picture it was a white man and the girl was always black. Tommy noticed that each picture showed the back of the girl and the front side of the boy.

Tommy was beside himself and what made the situation worse for him was, he started to get an erection that wouldn't go away. The damn gown was no real protection, it made it worse because the material rubbed against the head of his penis.

How can Tommy explain this to the two woman who were waiting for him to come out. He thought if he came out in his clothes it would make them mad and no telling what they would do to him. He looked at the faces of the boys in each picture and didn't recognize one which was a little relief. Not a whole lot but a little.

Tommy felt more naked wearing this thinnest of gowns. Even the hospital gown had more to cover me than this did. He wondered where you would ever wear a gown this thin. He needed time to get his stiff penis soft and he didn't have the time.

Karen had to dig deep to find the "special" gown that Tommy was now wearing. It was not meant to cover you, in fact it was meant to show you off and she couldn't wait to see this young white boy.

"Let's go Tommy dear, we have other things we need to attend to. If you don't come out in 10 seconds, Linn will come get you."

With his hands in front of his privates, Tommy walked out and stood in front of Aunt Karen. He was petrified to put it mildly.

"Come come young man, keep your hands at your side at all times unless we tell you different."

As soon as he removed his hands, Aunt Karen was running a hand up his leg to take measurements. 

"OK, Tommy, lose the gown so we can get down to business."

A red faced young man was now standing with a full stiff penis staring Aunt Karen and her daughter Linn square in the face.

"How dare you Tommy! You want to take out my cousin Donna to a Prom and you have the audacity to show us your penis at full mast. That will not go well believe me. Don't you have any manners when standing naked?"

"I'm..I'm sorry, I think the pictures behind the curtain made me excited."

"Oh, Linn was told to keep them elsewhere. She will remove them later. That's still not a good reason for your display. You have to have better control than you are showing us. I will not let you escort dear Donna like this, we must control you. You are like all boys and men. You get a hard on and then take advantage of the girl. You are not giving a baby to Donna, understand?"

"Ma'am, I have no intentions of using or...I mean, I have no desire to...No, that also came out wrong. I will not have sex with....What I am trying to say is that I will not give a baby to Donna."

"That's not good enough for me or Donna's cousin Linn, is it Linn."

"No it is not. Who would take care of a baby? I don't have the time and neither does my mom. We won't give it to a white family because the baby would be black. You don't have enough sperm in your little penis to make a white baby."

Tommy was being humiliated and didn't like it one bit. He couldn't figure out why his penis kept getting harder though.

"Look Tommy, I have a solution to your dilemma and I think you agree that you will do anything to keep my cousin Donna from getting pregnant, right?

"OK then, let's get the final figures for your tuxedo and then we will correct the other issue with your manhood."

Tommy was grateful that it was almost over because he couldn't wait to get out of here. He would tell them to send the clothing and he would gladly pay for it.

"Tommy, again keep your hands at your sides and we will correct your little problem."

Aunt Karen took a little cylinder out from her cabinet and placed it over Tommy. He didn't have time to even react and before he knew what she was doing, the chastity device was clicked and locked.

Tommy didn't know what hit him and he had no clue what the device was or what it did.

"We are all done Tommy, you can get dressed now."

Tommy got dressed and realized that his front was protruding just like a stiff penis would. How am I going to explain this to Donna?

Before Tommy and Donna left, Linn gave a thumbs up to Donna and Donna knew exactly what that meant. Pictures were taken and they will soon be available for Donna to use how ever she wanted to.

When they got back to Tommy's car and were ready to leave, Donna was curious about one thing.

"Tommy, why is your you know what sticking out so much."

"They said it was to keep me from giving you a baby when we go to the Prom."

"That's cute, let me see it."

"I would rather not show it to you if you don't mind. Besides, it's light out and people are walking by."

"Take your pants down right now so I can see the thing you are talking about."

The young man didn't want to argue and what's the difference. She won't see anything anyway. That's what Tommy thought.

"Oh yes, that is very good. Look at the way your little cock head is peeking through. Real cute Tommy, my friends will enjoy this view."

Tommy couldn't think straight. Here was a big black girl who had his penis in her control and Tommy would soon learn, she had a key to humiliate him far more than ever happened to him before.

When Tommy got home he was so down. He found that he couldn't even masturbate. There was no way he wanted to join his family at the dinner table. He had to get this damn thing off.

Tommy was intelligent and decided he would find a way to either get it off or at the worst hide it from sticking out like a sore thumb. Tommy got a piece of clothes line and tied the damn tube so it would point down. Tying the other part around his thigh at least didn't give the impression of walking around with a hard dick.

When the Prom came up, he convinced Donna that he was too sick to go and that he desperately needed Donna to take the thing off of him. Donna wanted to go to the Prom but she also knew she embarrassed the young boy enough, especially when showing pictures of Tommy that her cousin took.

Yes, Donna had her fun already so she complied and released a young man from his little prison.

It was just like yesterday to Tommy and he sat back at his computer and was searching for a black woman. Hopefully she will be as demanding and humiliate me as much as Donna and her cousins did.

If only he would have known how attracted to a big strong black woman he would have become, he may have had a lot more fun. 



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jonathon Starion


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





