BDSM Library - Holes




Holes
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A mad former doctor with a taste for domination becomes attracted to a condemned man who is held at the prison where she works. After falling for him she decides to embark on an insane rescue attempt that leads to far darker consequences.






HOLES

By Dorothy Strangelove

My credentials said I was a doctor, so I kept the title in front of my name and was surprised how many doors opened up for me because of it.
Can doors be classed as holes? Holes are gaps, spaces where something should be, or used to be... I often thought about holes as I drove to work.
The holes were all over, beneath the green fields. Hidden, but all the same, still there even if I couldn't see them. They were the legacy from the area's old mining history. I often wondered how many were there, not that I'd ever see them - but that's the thing about holes - you just never know...
The prison where I worked was a grey fortress of stone and barbed wire, and often the end of the line for the men who ended up here. Since the UK had restored the death penalty, a response to the tabloid accusations that screamed of 'broken Britain', I'd lost count of how many men had died here. If the traditionalists had got their way the rope would have made a comeback but times being what they are as ever we had followed the US and adopted death by lethal injection as the most humanitarian way for one person to kill another.

I'd attended so many exections, all of them men who deserved to die. But when I met Luke I knew he was different. Let me explain. Luke was a normal guy. He wasn't remotely evil. He was someone who had endured a lot of bad luck one day and simply snapped. Walked in on his exwife and her lover and shot her twice and calmly left the room again. He claimed to have no memory of the shooting, the boyfriend had confirmed that when Luke entered the room he seemed blank, unaware of his actions. Luke himself had claimed to have suffered blackouts and blamed recent bouts of heavy drinking but nothing medical seemed to support this and he was sentanced to death.His first appeal had failed and he was given a second appeal. By now he was in a fragile mental state and to make it even worse another inmate who objected to his crime attacked him with broken glass and this left him badly scarred. Two months later he got his hands on a razor, took it back to his cell and slashed his wrists. Fortunately he was found and he got a blood transfusion and his wounds were stitched.
And that's where I came in. I had just started working at the prison when he asked to see me. I'd sat with him in his cell and listened while he talked. His wrists were still in bandages at the time.&nbsp; As we talked, I saw a very different man to the convicted murderer I had imagined. And I must confess I knew from that first meeting that I loved him. The scarring to his face was pretty bad but I could tell beneath that he had been a handsome man once, and could be again...My speciality had been plastic surgery. As I looked at him I could picture him just the way I could make him..Of&nbsp; course, he protested his innocence and made a very convincing job of it...but didn't they all in here?
 "I didn't kill her."He told me, "You have to believe me..I don't know what happened that night."
His eyes were red and tearful. His hands shook as blood leaked through the bandages. 
I'd already sized him up. He was a sweet and gentle person. Maybe this was the only time he had ever got angry in his life. He was no hardened killer. I didn't think he posed a threat to anyone, but that was just my opinion and I personally figured he wouldn't be able to harm anyone chained to my bedposts.. As I said, I was very sure from that first meeting, I knew how I felt.
"Most people call me Dr Webb."I told him. 
And my hand slid over his and I squeezed it and kept holding him. He wasn't expecting it and just stared at me.
"But you can call me Tina."I said, and drew him into my arms and hugged him. As I squeezed him he made a little noise like he was sobbing but that soon went away as I whispered in his ear: 
"I think you need a friend. I want to be that person. I'm crazy about you. I think I love you."
He really hadn't been expecting this. He continued to stare at me for a few seconds, then I reached out and stroked his face, I tossed my long fair hair off my shoulder and gave him a better view of my cleavage. I crossed my legs and he saw stocking top. I think that was a big enough hint that yes, I really was serious.
"Can I kiss you?"He asked quietly.
Nice. Polite and patient. Not as well trained as I would like to have him but nothing in this world was perfect. I was sure I could improve his obedience skills between now and his execution - suddenly I found that thought painful. When had I started to care so damned much?
"No."I said calmly, "Not yet."
I had already timed it, there were frequent checks on his cell. Every fifteen minutes or so I heard the sound of the cover sliding off the spyhole. He would have to wait. Instead I gave him some orders...I figured I might as well, he would have to get used to being a good boy for me.
"I can arrange for you to see me more often."I told him, "But you have to do something for me."
He nodded. I saw something in his eyes that hadn't been there before now - a spark of hope.
I squeezed his hand again.
"No more trying to kill yourself. I want to make your time here more worthwhile. I want to help you, be your friend. Be your lover."
And then, I lunged in and kissed him. He hadn't been expecting it and he trembled as his mouth searched mine desperately. I pulled back sharply and straightened up my appearance. 
"You just kissed me.."
"Yes, I did, but keep that to yourself. Now remember, I want to see an improvement in your attitude.and I'll improve your time here in ways you can't imagine."
I left it at that, and went away to make some plans.
At this point, I had no idea my plan to let myself fall for this man would esculate into some kind of madness that would switch me into a mode of thought that I came to call the Frankenstien syndrome...it was born out of a need and a want and a fondness that grew into real love and ultimately to the kind of insanity that made me think that just maybe, the real reason I'd quit my previous career could have been valid after all. I'd been struck off and called a psycho. Maybe they were right. I'd been caught having sex with a patient. No problem with that in itself, but he happened to be under anaesthesia at the time.. in the coming weeks I would begin to wonder about myself. I had no idea how deep and crazy this whole thing was about to get..all because I fell in love. That was a hole I hadn't expected to fall into..

I saw him again in his cell. We talked, I stroked his leg, told him I liked to be dominant. Told him next time we met something would happen.
Three days after this we met again. Now he was ready..
I sat beside him in his cell, on his bed.
"Tell me what you would be doing with me right now if you was a free man."
Luke paused, trying to gather his thoughts. He was still in shock over this, but in a good way.
"I'd do anything you asked me to."He said quietly.
I smiled. This was just what I wanted to hear! I had read his psychiatric evaluation and had guessed from his profile that he would be the submissive partner in the bedroom.
"Put your hand up my skirt."
I opened my legs and pulled my black lace g-string to one side and gave him a wide view of swollen, parted lips.
"I said touch it." I ordered him.
He didn't need telling again.
He slid his fingers in me and moved them in and out, all the while his gaze was on my cunt. After being locked in this place, he had probably thought that he would never see a woman's cunt again, let alone touch one. 
"Stop." I said quickly.
He withdrew his fingers, two fingers that glistened with juice.
"Lick them."
He put them in his mouth, sucking and licking them clean.
He looked at me with longing.
"Can I- "
Whatever he wanted next, there was no time. I shook my head.
"No more today. At least you know what my cunt tastes like. Next time..." I slid my hand between his legs, "I'll take a good look at this cock for you. If you're good I'll make you come. How does that sound?"
He smiled and nodded, the taste of my cunt still fresh in his mouth.
"So promise?"
"I'll be good."He told me.
"Then I'll arrange for us to be really alone soon." I promised. 

As far as the prison was concerned, I was doing a sterling job of keeping Luke within the boundary of sanity.&nbsp; We had made slow and steady progress together, I was pleased with the over all effect on him. I knew I loved him by now, I was sure. On Friday morning I took him to the chapel and locked the door.&nbsp; I sat him down on the carpeted step that led to the altar.
He didn't make the first move, instead he looked into my eyes, took hold of my hand.
"Tina,"He said, "Right now, all I care about is here and now. I want to do everything you say and be controlled by you till I shoot my load."
Then he looked away for a moment, his eyes to the floor as he spoke.
"I'm glad that you care about me but I don't see why - not with my face messed up like this, first time I saw my face after it happened, I remember thinking, If I ever got out of here I'd never have a girlfriend again..I didn't think anyone would want me."
I stroked his cheek. He smiled at me and his eyes began to light up again.
"You're the only one who cares."
"I can arrange for you to see a surgeon and get your face fixed."I told him, "We could say its in the interests of your mental health..you have to assume your sentance will be reduced to life in prison or less."
"No."He said, and sounded very sure. It was the first and only time Luke had asserted his opinion like this.
"Why not?"
"When that guy came at me with the glass, I remember thinking, this is it, I'm dead...when he cut me I blacked out. I woke up in hospital and when I saw my face for the first time I wished I was dead.. and I'll never forget the pain. I could never go through that again."
And I thought, fine. That was what he wanted,I understood. He didn't know about my secret skills. He had no idea of what I could do. Then I started thinking, if I somehow got him out of here, if I helped him escape, he would need a new face.. Then I wrapped my arms around him and kissed him, unbuttoned my blouse and let my huge tits fall out. I shoved a breast towards his face and ordered him to suck. He sucked like his life depended on it. Then I grabbed him and shoved his face between my breasts, smothering him with their warmth and softness. He moved from one to the other, giving both nipples a good licking and sucking.
"Sit back."I told him.
He breathlessly obeyed me and got his cock out. It was hard and swollen and begging to come.
I pushed his legs further apart, licked hard, all the way up from his balls to the shaft of his cock. He cried out and gasped, the head of his cock looked like it was about to burst and I knew he needed to come right now. I took him in my mouth, slid my lips up and down and sucked. He started to tremble as I flicked my tongue over the eye of his cock. I sucked as I did so and he gasped and lost control, spunking it hard into my mouth. I swallowed it all down and gave a final suck to make sure he was clean.
He was still shaking as he reached for me. We lay there together on the altar as he got his breath back.
Luke closed his eyes for a moment, still glowing with the pleasure of it all.
"If we was out there in the free world I'd hold you like this all day."He told me.
"Well,"I replied, "In that world I'd have to be your mistress and you would be my slave."
He laughed softly at that, liking the idea but probably a bit scared by the word Slave. 
"What would I have to do as a slave?"
So many thoughts flashed through my mind like pretty little diamonds rushing by on a flood of crystal water that I couldn't catch them all. I just let them flow and smiled. 
"Maybe one day you'll find out."
Then I opened my legs for him.
"Clean my cunt, slave."
He was getting very good at following orders and dived on me like his life depended on it, lapping hard at my juices, licking all the way up, then down, then up again.
"Harder!" I told him, "Give me more..suck on my clit.."
He was sucking and licking hard, really eating me, the flesh between my legs was red and swollen and my clit felt as if it would burst. I shoved my hips against his face and the orgasm washed through me. It was the best I'd ever had and now I was gasping his name, pressing his face down there as I wished this cumming would last forever.
When he finally came up for air his face was wet with my juice. My cunt was still throbbing and I never wanted it to stop.
"Can I fuck you now?"
He sounded so desperate for me and I was still weak with pleasure, only able to nod and open my legs as my cunt gaped open in willingness. As he slid inside me I held onto him, found myself whispering things I had not expected to say: Good boy, slave, yes, do it..and suddenly as I held him and his eyes met mine, this became I love you.
"I love you too."He whispered back, and as he buried it deeper in me I thought I would die from the pleasure of it. I let him take over and he fucked me harder still, came inside me hot and fast and it was so good it took me a few minutes to even care that our time together was almost up.
We didn't lay together long, just long enough to get our breath back, to exchange another kiss and then it was time to get dressed. I had to go back to my duties even though they were the last subject on my mind, Luke had to go back to his cell and pretend none of this had happened.
"We have to go."I told him.
"I know."
"We can do this again."
"We have to."He said, "Because I love you, I'll love you till the day I die."
That statement shot ice through my blood. The day he died was becoming something I was fearing as much as he was. He was on his second appeal, in this new system, his last chance. Things could still turn around, they had to. That was the only hope we clung to.

Time passed slowly, we met in secret at every opportunity. Luke was studying law books by now, trying to find new avenues to pursue that could cut his sentance. But it was pointless as his second appeal was turned down and he was given a date for his execution.
When we met alone he sobbed in my arms.
I knew he was not in the mood to be dominated today so I just held him till his tears stopped, then I took his cock in my hand and massaged him and let him come all over himself.
"You won't die."I promised him as I wiped away the spunk.
Tears ran down his face again.
"No, this is it, Tina. Nothing can stop it now. I die in seven days."
And that was the moment when I made a decision, when I crossed a line. I'd already crossed several lines in the past but this was a big, deep one between sanity and insanity and that was the point where I got there, I said that, he looked into my eyes and bang! X marked the spot. I was truly crazy now and my own conviction to carry this thing through actually surprised me.
The plan was already forming in my mind. It would be dangerous for both of us. There was no sure and certain way to carry this through that would save him - Luke could still die. I was just lessening the certainty...I had access to the death chamber. I could switch the poison for a substitute and if my plan worked, get him out of there and shoot him with an antidote once we were out of the prison. Assuming I would have the access to his body and be able to do this, there was another factor coming into play that I would have to consider: This was a man who (according to strong evidence) had blanked out, killed his former partner and had no memory of it. I would have to consider measures to ensure this never happened again, to make sure he never attacked me like that. Right now I didn't know how I could do this. But that was the problem with this plan - it was a bit like the landscape around this prison - full of holes. They were there but as yet unseen...
"I'm going to help you."I told him, "But you have to do as I say. Don't question me, just do everything I tell you to do."
Sexually, Luke was used to being obedient by now. And he was equally so when it came to my plan. He was trusting me with his life..

Back to holes. Holes in a plan could be dangerous. I worked and worked on my idea and came to the conclusion that mentally, I could do it. Physically it was possible, too. Chemically it was easy. It was suddenly seeming all too easy. My confidence was growing. 
As the days went on, I think I burrowed myself into a kind of a hole - and it was getting deeper by the day. I didn't feel that way till I switched the lethal cocktail in the death chamber. Then I drove to my old private clinic and cleaned the place up and sterilised everything. If Luke wanted to be free he would have to get his face fixed. Not only because I wanted him pretty again but because he had to look like a new man. So he was getting surgery even though he didn't want it. This was not about what Luke wanted. It never had been. It was all about me. I was taking a hell of a risk and I needed to make sure all the tracks behind us were covered. But I still had no idea how I would ensure my own safety against the one I loved. I had no way of knowing if he would ever kill again, and I was not going to be the next victim.
 
 On the morning of his execution I went to his cell. Luke was surprisingly calm.&nbsp; I liked to think it was something to do with all the obedience I had instilled in him, it was all about restraint - and I don't mean the kind I planned to use later in the bedroom if we got away with it..
He wrapped his arms around me and pressed his face into my shoulder.
I should have felt emotional at that moment, but I also felt strangely calm. I blamed it on the pressure I was under. 
"Just trust me."I told him.
"Anything you say."He replied and hearing such utter obedience in his voice sent a thrill through my body..my good boy, my slave, obedient till the last.. As much as I hated to admit it, I'd fantasised several times about Luke strapped to that table, helpless as the fluid snaked up the tube and into his arm. Don't get me wrong, I'd never imagined him dying. In my dreams the whole thing was just a scenario where (of course) I rescued him. But the reality was dawning on me and it was quite a different matter. All I was focussed on was the next step of the plan.
When they came to take him to the death chamber, he was calm. He kept his dignity. I watched from behind the glass screen as the fluid ran into his arm. Nothing up to this point had registered with him, even as the needle had slid into his flesh he seemed not to notice the pain, this was how he faced death - numb in every way and yet with such a strength it was taking all of mine not to cry. Tears were something I dared not show. Then he drew in a deep breath and blinked back tears. He tensed, as if wanting to struggle but not finding the strength to move. He breathed out hard, took another breath and fell still. To my relief they confirmed him dead quickly, but not knowing if he really was dead was the hardest part. I was about to mention to the prison governor that Luke had asked that I make his funeral arrangements when something happened that bought me a little more time.
"I have an inspector coming in."The govenor said to me, "Im aware the prisoner asked for you to oversee his funeral arrangements - so take the hearse and get that corpse out of here. I don't want dead prisoners stinking up the place."
It was like a little miracle. Talk about timing! In fifteen minutes I was driving that hearse out of the gates with Luke in the back in a cheap coffin. I'd already pulled some stuff out of my car, including a bag which I'd hidden medical supplies in. Three miles up the road I turned off into a clearing that was mostly obscured by trees and slid the coffin out and opened the lid.
His eyes were closed and he was still as death. Was he dead? I shook him, said his name. He remained still. Now my heart was pounding and I started to break out in a sweat. I had not come this far to lose him now! I took the antidote from the bag and injected him. Nothing happened. I took adeep breath, told myself to calm down and began to count slowly to twenty, then thirty, forty, fifty, sixty..still nothing. Anger was replacing my desperation. I couldn't have failed, not now, not after all this, not after all the risk, all the danger, all the planning...Not now that I knew I loved him. And then he shivered. it was the weakest of movements but I was sure I saw it. As if to confirm it, he shivered again. Then his lips parted and he drew in a tiny, weak breath. I placed a small tank of air in the coffin and put the mask over his mouth. Then I replaced the lid and slid the coffin back into the hearse. I drove all the way to the clinic with hope in my heart at long last.
An hour later, we were locked in the clinic. Luke was on the table covered with a sheet and he had oxygen and I'd started to monitor his heart. He was getting stronger. We - or should I say I - had cheated the system and death. 
This was it, he was alive. Officially dead, but alive, all mine.&nbsp; And now was the time to carry out some plans he knew nothing about. It was the only way. I had booked some time off work. I had reasoned that Luke would need time to get over all this and I'd need to be here to look after him. And that was when I made a decision - it would take him a while to get all these drugs out of his system. Days and days. It seemed unfair to have to cross another bridge later and&nbsp; force him to undergo surgery, on top of all he had been through. So I decided now was the time to repair his face.
I think I had already considered doing it before I brought him here but it had been something I had not definitely planned, however I had already sterilised all the equipment and I was ready so I didn't see the point in waiting. Besides, I already had a list in my mind of all the improvements I would be making.
It took me nine hours to finish repairing his face. By the time I'd put in the final micro stitches it was dark outside. Luke was still out cold. As I looked at him lying on the table I had to smile. I'd done a good job. Every slice and stitch had been a work of art. When he healed, he would be almost flawless. I'd hidden all the scarring except for a small area on his cheek where the gouge had been too deep and I had not had enough tissue to work with, here he would have a tiny scar about an inch long, thin and neat and barely visible. I'd also widened his pretty eyes a little and straightened out a tiny dent in his nose. As I looked at him I thought of the killer that lurked with in him. I'd saved him, made him beautiful again and now he was all mine I had to ensure my safety.
I thought about it. An idea came to me and I pushed it aside - it was too much, going too far even for me..I couldn't even think about it..or could I? Something had just come to me as I looked at him lying there, and I think this was the moment I truly became Frankenstien. I'm making this man, I thought, Ive made him a new life, a new face..why not a new mind? Of course the other side to it was a thrill in thinking that I could, in theory, design the perfect slave. Someone compliant, obedient, passive and willing to please. I had to strip out his insanity and reprogram him. I didn't know how to do that. But I did know how I could wipe his memory. That would be a start. A few years back I had read about victorian experiments with brain surgery on criminals. I still recalled some of it. I recalled enough to feel I could carry this out.
I reasoned with myself as I sterilised the drill that I was probably crazy, maybe I had been all the long, if not before then certainly I was now I'd helped Luke fake his death and altered his face. But if being crazy meant that I could live beside the man I loved and desired then so be it, at least I'd know that he was unlikely to attack me.
I made a little cut just above his hairline. As I aimed the drill bit towards the white bone, I told myself, it's just a little hole.. 
I looked at Luke's unconscious body. I loved him, I didn't want to do this to him, but I knew what he was capable of and I had to try and diffuse that any way I could - this man was a convicted killer..
"Sorry."I said quietly, and pressed the drill against his skull.
It was only a tiny drill, it was only a tiny hole. I pushed carefully and began to bore through. It took me a while. When it went in I wasn't expecting it, suddenly it sunk in, deeper than I expected and I took my hand off the trigger, swore and took it out, alarmed as a tiny trickle of blood leaked out. I cleaned him up. It stopped pretty fast. I stitched the wound. I kept telling myself, it was just a little hole. Suddenly I was scared that I'd done more harm than good. I had no way of knowing if I'd harmed him. It would be a while till Luke woke up.
I dressed his wounds and put him to bed. I knew he was weak but all the same he needed restraints, I couldn't take any chances. I turned the bars up at the sides of his bed and tied him at the wrists and ankles, then extra restraints on his arms and legs. I didn't tie him too tight, just enough to hold him securely.
Then I waited. 

It was forty-eight hours before he opened his eyes. He was still drugged, tried to move and gave up. He groaned and I knew he was in pain but after all the drugs I'd had to pump into him to slow his heart to an almost undetectable trace, there was no way I could safely give him pain relief.&nbsp; I gently kissed his lips, stroked his hair, whispered softly that he was safe, that everything would be fine. He slept and woke and slept some more. He really was out of it for the best part of a week. I called the prison and faked illness, it was the only way to get out of leaving him alone.
When he finally opened his eyes and focussed on me, he took a deep breath and said weakly:
"Who are you?"
"I'm Tina."I said, "Your wife. Do you know your name?"
He dragged his thoughts through a foggy memory.
"Luke."
I had hoped he would have forgotten everything, but obviously not. I tried to see the positive side, at least my experiment with the drill hadn't done that much damage..
"Do you know where you are?"
"No."
"Do you know where you came from? Or why you're hurting right now?"
He blinked back tears.
"No!"
I settled down beside him.
"You had an operation on your face, Luke. Cosmetic surgery. It went a bit wrong..not the surgery, that was fine. You had a reaction to the anaesthetic..you almost died. You'll be fine now but its going to take a while. You might find your memory has a lot of holes in it but you'll be just fine, I promise."
He was too dazed to feel panic but I saw confusion and distress in his eyes.
"I don't remember anything at all.."
I leaned forward, noticed the way his eyes moved from my face to my cleavage. 
"You're beautiful." He said.
"So are you."I told him, and softly kissed him. He made a weak attempt to respond but I pulled away, he needed to rest.
"Tomorrow we are leaving here."I explained, "I'm taking you home. And I'm going to take the very best care of you, Luke."
He looked into my eyes and I saw absolute trust and compliance. He would be no trouble at all, I decided. He had never been so easy to control. He would be the perfect slave. It was at this point I concluded the surgery had been worth the risk.

Back home, I put him straight to bed. At last he was in my bed, in my home, safe and sound. He was so good, so obedient now, it was done so automatically that I felt completely satisfied. I fastened the studded strap around his neck as he lay naked on the bed and told him: "This is your favourite collar. You like to be my slave, do you remember?"
As I touched him he felt stirrings of arousal and smiled. His eyes sparkled and all the love I felt for him seemed magnified. He had no idea of what he had been through now, the past was gone. In this I felt I'd done him a favour in more ways than one. Now he could really start again, with me.&nbsp; His face was healing well. The tiny scar on his head was almost gone. He would probably never notice it. He was looking at me with his beautiful eyes, so much prettier for the surgery. But there was something missing, the part of him that had made him Luke. He spoke less and when he did talk it was in response to my prompting, or just light conversation. I had certainly removed something with that drill. Now and then guilt pricked at me and it was pricking sorely as I looked at him right now, but then I reminded myself of the crime he had committed in his other life - I'd acted for the sake of my own safety. I had rearranged his thinking because I had no other choice.
"You know I love you, don't you?"
He nodded.
"I'm going to tie you up."
"Okay."
He raised his arms and kept still as I put him in wrist restraints, securing him to the bed posts.
As I sat closer to his cock, he spread his legs, I didn't have to ask him. I pulled a trolley closer and uncovered the contents. 
"What are you doing?"
"Shaving your cock."
He accepted it with no objections and watched as I gently scraped away all the hair. He opened his legs wider to give me a better grip on his balls. I shaved him smooth and dried him off.
By now he was getting hard.
"I'm going to keep you shaved. It's nicer for when I want to suck your balls."I told him.
"It feels nice."He replied, and opened his legs wider as I lowered my face between his legs. I licked his balls, flicking my tongue over the smooth skin that smelled of soap. He was laying there enjoying every moment, only tensing against his bonds because he was loving it and enjoying the helplessness that came with the pleasure. I moved up to his cock and slid it in my mouth. I loved the taste of it, the warmth of the shaft, the smoothness of the head that was leakig with the juices flowing out as he got closer to the moment of orgasm. I sucked harder, my fingers were already wet fron caressing him as I licked, not quite wet enough for an easy penetration but I already had my hand down there, warm and close to his hole and as I sucked I slid my finger inside. He wasn't expecting it and cried out, but I kept sucking, moving up and down, firmly, slowly, hard enough as I buried my finger in his anus to tell him I am in charge. My finger was getting squeezed now, a sure sign he was enjoying it. I pushed it deeper, sucked harder and flicked my tongue over the eye of his cock as I pushed deep into him and hit his g-spot. He trembled and gasped and I did it again, sucking as hard as I could. He came hard, shooting the spunk right down my throat. I sucked again gently and kept his cock in my mouth till all the pumping had stopped, then I slid my finger back out. He was lying there like I had just blown his mind. I kissed him.
"Did you like that in your arse?"
He nodded.
"It made me cum hard."
"Next time you're taking two fingers."I told him, "This is just the start. Then we will move on to bigger things."
Looking at him lying there looking so beautiful and willing to please me made me so wet I was aching for more satisfaction. I started to slide my hand up and down his cock. He was still resting but I needed him right now. I wanked him firmly.
"You have to fuck me now."
"I'll try."
"No," I told him, "You won't try, you will fuck me."
I was handling him quite roughly now, as I played with his cock I could feel the hardness growing in my hand.
"I want this hard, shaved dick of your's right up my cunt and I want a ride that will satisfy me or I'll use my entire hand to stretch you wide open."
He was hard now, his eyes were glazed he was growing breathless and I knew if I didn't slow down he would cum here and now and I'd have to wait even longer for my fuck, so I stopped wanking him. I sat on his cock and the pleasure that shot through me was like a bolt of lightening. I rode him hard, desperately, the buzz I got from watching his pleasure and discomfort as he fought against his bonds took me higher and higher still...I had done the ultimate...I had made the perfect sub...I came so hard I was still in my own moment of bliss as he let go of his control and came hard inside me. I was too weak to climb off him for a few minutes, I just sat there astride his body while his sweat slid into mine and his cock softened like a plug coming out and all the spunk ran down my thighs and onto his shaved groin. I untied him and fell blissfully into his arms, held&nbsp; him close and told him I loved him.
And that was how we stayed, in bliss, in a perfect state of pleasure.

I reluctantly went back to work at the end of the week but I handed in my notice. I said I had decided to move on, the prison wasn't really for me.&nbsp; I had to work three more weeks before they could let me go.&nbsp; Every night I went home and my slave was waiting for me, obedient and willing to please. I was counting down the days till we could be together every day with no interruptions, when I would truly feel that I was living my dream.
Then something happened that took me by surprise.
A man was brought in to await execution. Luke's love rival. He had confessed to everything. Apparently he had killed Luke's wife in a heated arguement and planted the gun on Luke.
So, he had been innocent after all. I'd gone to all that trouble for nothing...
I entered his cell on the day of his execution. He had looked at me, all feminine and sexy but that didn't matter as much as the dog colar and the bible in my hand - that was me, Dr Tina Webb, Prison Chaplain.. and he had begged me to save his soul.
I leaned down and whispered in his ear:
"I don't give two shits about your soul. I'm quitting this job and going back to medicine. So fuck you and fuck your sins you're going to hell."
I left the prison that same day.
When I got home Luke was sleeping and I woke him with a kiss. His scars had all but vanished and he was lookng as perfect as I had predicted. As he drew me into his arms and held me I smiled at him as I realised it was a blessing for him that he had no memory of all the trauma he had been through. Sometimes it pricked my conscience a little when I looked at him and realised I'd messed with his mind without his consent, more so these days because I knew he had been innocent and I'd had no right to take his mind apart like that.
And then he opened his legs for me and begged me to touch him and my hands were all over him and I banished those thoughts far away.
I had everything I wanted, and Luke was happy enough in his own little world....and at the end of the day, it was only a little hole...nothing to worry about, is it?


END 
&nbsp;&nbsp; 
 












Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Dorothy Strangelove


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





