BDSM Library - The thing




The thing
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A story about a girl who is used by a couple. 






If you want to be the slut in this story or you feel the need to contact me for any reason you will find me on. 
Yahoo: sadistic_gentleman
Email and MSN: jkgo27@hotmail.com

The Thing
Part 1

One day when I just happened to have my slut friend Id over for some fucking a message is waiting for me when I log on to a community site. It's from a nineteen year old girl from Stockholm without a profile picture.
The mail says: "Hello. I dropped in and looked at your page and was a little curious about you. Get in touch! By the way, I look gorgeous in a leash."
We see that she's online and we send her a reply. Already after a couple of mails back and forth she wants us to add her on MSN and sends her mail address.
We talk about this and that, it turns out she's nineteen, lives in Stockholm and is adopted from Asia. She tells us she's looking for someone she can totally give herself up to. 
She wants to be brutally used without a chance to get away and when we ask about limits she just answers: "I said give myself up to totally."

Of course we're a little sceptical because a lot of people say things like that but very few mean it.
We start to ask her some control questions but she immediately asks how she can prove to us that she is serious and at the same time she puts on her webcam.
We accept her camera request and excitedly wait to see her. When the camera starts we see the cutest little girl in the world sitting on the other side.
She asks again. "What shall I do to prove to you?" We look at each other and smile, then we write: "For a start, a slut shouldn't wear any clothes, should she?"

"No, I'm sorry" she responds and immediatly starts to undress. She takes off her top and moves back her hands to remove her bra. She hesitates for a second with her hands on the clasps of the bra but takes a deep breath and opens it and lets it fall to the floor. 
We look at each other and smile, we enjoy watching her shamefully exposing herself.
She continues undressing, unbuttons her jeans and pulls them off so that she stands in only her panties in front of the camera. With her hands on her panties she hesitates again. 
She closes her eyes, sighs deeply to pull down her panties and let them fall to the floor. 
At first she hesitates a little about where to put her hands before she holds them behind her 
head. She spreads her legs a little and kick away the panties and then look down on the floor.
Both of us smiles widely and look at the slut who's offering herself to us. 

She has perfect, pretty little teenage tits and her cunt looks smooth as a baby's butt.
We let her stand there for a couple of minutes and just look at her. 
Then I write to her for the first time since we asked her if sluts should wear clothes. "Show yourself properly so we can inspect you." She slowly turns a few times and then kneels on the chair with her ass facing the camera.
She spreads her legs as much as the chair will allow, takes back her hands and spreads her ass cheeks. We get a wonderful view of her swaying ass, anal and cunt. 
She holds that position for a while, then sits down on the chair and spreads her legs. She takes down the camera to show her cunt and writes: "look how wet the slut is" and spreads her lips and draws a finger along her cunt. It's clearly visible how wet she is and she takes her now sticky finger to her mouth and sucks on it demonstratively with a big smile on her lips.
Then she leans forwards and repeats the question she asked before: "What shall I do to prove to you that I want this?"

We are a little surprised by the whole situation and discuss a little about what we're going to do with her. But we quickly agree on a nice way for her to show how much she wants this.
"Get a kitchen chair, rice, a candle, lighter, four clothespegs and four rubber bands. 
Also get something you can have underneath, that the candle wax can drop onto."
She comes back with the stuff and writes to us: "I didn't find any clothespegs but I hope these will do instead." Then she holds up four alligator clips in front of the camera. We laugh and agree that this is a girl we will have a lot of fun with. We tell her to attach two clips on top of the back of the chair with the help of the rubber bands, attach rubber bands on the other two clips and put rice on the seat. We explain to her that she shall kneel on the chair, lean forwards and fasten her tits in the clips on the back support of the chair, then the other clips shall be fastened on to her inner cunt lips. She shall pull her feet up to her ass and fix the rubber bands attached to the clips around her big toes. Then she shall shove up the candle in her ass and light it, and finish with holding her hands together on her back.
She won't be able to see herself how much there's left on the candle or the screen so we tell her to put on her speakers so we can pling on her when she's allowed to move.
We explain to her that if her hands leave her back as much as once without a pling from us, we'll shut her down and block her immediatly. We also tell her we have to go and cook some food and expect her to prettily stand according to the instructions when we get back later to check on her. If we don't forget it...

But of course we sit as stuck in front of the computer, Id has pulled out my cock which she sits and plays with a little.

She spreads the towel on the floor, puts the chair on the center of it and attaches the alligator clips on the back support. Pours a large amount of rice on the chair and we notice that she scrapes a little more rice over to where her knee will be. 
The both of us grin and agree again that this will be very interesting. With all the things she needs in reach she kneels on the chair, leans forward and fastens her nipples in the clips on the back support. The position she's now standing in and her minimal space for movements make the rest of the preparations a torture. She manages to fix the clips on her cunt lips but when she tries to pull her feet up she nearly falls off the chair. 
But somehow she manages to fasten her feet which are now pulling out her poor cunt lips almost to the limit. It's now that she realises that pushing a candle up her ass and lighting it isn't so easy with clips and rubber bands in the way. You can see her frustration clearly and I almost wish we'd seen her face instead because she must've had a wonderful facial expression.

We comment that she didn't wet the candle before she pushed it in because she hadn't been told to that. When the candle is in place in her ass she realises she can't reach the wick but has to push in the candle a far way to reach the it. When the candle is lit she pulls it out again which will prolong her suffering since we have a longer time to let the candle burn. 
She puts her hands behind her back and realises she has nothing to support her torso on except
her hurting tits. It doesn't take many seconds before the first drop of candle wax runs down the lenght of the candle and down to her anal and wide open cunt just underneath. 
By now Id is sitting between my legs with my rock hard cock in her mouth and I'm doing everything to try and hold back the orgasm.
When I see her flinch at the first drop of candle wax running down between her cunt lips I can't hold back anymore and grab Id's hair and fuck her mouth until I cum in her. 
When I'm done she looks up at me with that wonderful smile and licks her lips. 

We sit on the couch and cuddle and I ask Id if she thinks the slut has realised what's important with this task. "If she hasn't already, she will soon" she replies.
What we're talking about is that she can't see how much there's left on the candle so she just has to trust us to pling on her before she burns herself.
If we're here or don't forget her. The last thing we said to her was that we were going to go and make some food. We see how she starts to shake a little which is proof that she's starting to get tired but she's fighting. The position she's standing in is almost impossible to keep, the legs sink down so that her cunt lips are pulled out even more. She has no choice but to take support from the back support with her tits which means she's pinning the clips between her tits and the back support. Hurting her poor nipples even more.

The rice on the chair may seem innocent but as time goes it's the rice that troubles her the most. It feels as if she had hot glass under her knees. Because the candle is almost lying on the side the candle wax is running down her cunt quite quickly and the candle is burning out quickly, almost too quickly, we think. You can see how she starts to worry when the flame starts to get close to her but she's still standing still. The candle is starting to burn out completely now, there's only a few centimeters left and it's getting really hot in the slut's ass. You can see that she's worried, she's moving more than she's done during all the time before.

I lean forwards to send her a pling and at the same time say to Id: "I seriously think she would have stood still and let the candle burn all out if we hadn't sent her a pling." 
Id grabs my arm and says: "Just a little more, let the slut suffer she loves it. Maybe we should try it sometime? To let a candle burn out in her nasty cunt. And to make it more fun doing it while she can see it." I think to myself, poor girl to fall under her power. 
I wait a minute more before I write to her. "It's enough now", I write. But she's still standing on her trembling legs. I write again but still no reaction. I quickly write her a couple of times and only then does she bring down a trembling hand to put out the candle. But there's so little left of the candle that she can't do much else but put it out by hitting it with her hand.

She takes out her feet from the rubber bands and takes off the clips in her tits, then she turns around and looks into the camera. She dries her face from the tears that is falling down her cheeks and bends over to write. "Thank you" is all she writes, then stands almost with pride in front of the camera with her legs a little spread and her hands behind her back. 
The candle wax has been running down her cunt and thighs and covers it like a thick cake over her sensitive parts. The clips that are still fastened to her cunt lips are covered with candle wax.
Id looks at me and says excitedly: "Slut wants more! Let me write a little."
"Go and get a nail brush" Id writes to her.

She doesn't hesitate but immediatly disappears from view and comes back with a small, blue nail brush. "Scrub off the candle wax" Id writes to her. She looks beggingly into the camera but gets no reply. After a moment's thinking she gets going, she starts at the top of her cunt and works downwards. Down to the clit, then down the sides and the thighs. 
Then she hesitates and we see how she steels herself, spreads her cunt lips with the help of the clips. Then she drags the brush down the cunt lips with shaking hands. 
I grin and look at Id and start to write: "Do it properly around the clips, not a bit of candle wax shall be left!" We really enjoy watching her scrub her cunt. It has to really hurt and be uncomfortable, Id knows what a toothbrush feels like but this has to be a hundred times worse. When the brush goes over the clit or against the clips we see how she flinches. The tears run down her cheek when she's finished. "It's clean now" she writes, and we think we can see a little pride in her
face. 

"Take down the camera to slut's cunt and let us inspect" we immediatly respond.
She does what we say and we can see she's been very good, not the smallest piece of candle wax can be found. We notice how red she is, alot of small, red scratches cover her thighs and cunt. Id smiles with a wicked smile and writes "Stupid slut you missed alot there right on the clit. Scrub it properly again." I laugh and tell Id to watch it or she will get in trouble herself as she adds. "Spread the cunt properly this time it might help to get it all." The slut shakes her head and takes her shaky hands down to her cunt and starts spreading it with one hand and helds the brush in the other. Then she uses the brush over her clit again until she cant take it anymore. 

Tears are streaming down her face as she takes the camera down to her cunt so we can inspect it again. "No still there!" Id writes and laughs. I hit her on the arm and tell her she will be punished for that later. If the slut had pride in her eyes before well its not there anymore, she looks completely miserable. And she shakes her head and starts to type something. 
But she erases it quickly and sits up and takes a few deep breaths. 
Then she takes her feet up and with her feet use the rubber bands to spread her cunt and her free hand to spread the delicate folds of skins around her clit. 

She steadies herself and takes a deep breath closes her eyes and furiously uses the brush on her cunt and now fully exposed clit. When she cannot take it anymore she takes the brush away and put her feet back down. Her hads is shaking so bad we cant really see anything at all when she takes the cam down to her cunt. But its red swollen and there is alittle bleeding. 
"Its not good enough but the stupid slut ruined the cunt so i guess it will have to do" I write to her. If she had a proud look 5 minutes ago she has a completely different look now. A look of shame, failure and suffering.

"Well, does slut want to cum now?" I write to her. Quickly I get an answer: "You decide."
I look at Id who smiles satisfied and writes to her: "When was the last time slut came?" 
"It was months ago... I haven't felt that I deserved it. But I use my clips, touch and tease myself several times a day." I explain to her that if we ask for her opinion we expect to get an answer with her honest opinion. We don't want to know what she thinks we want to hear, we want to know what she feels and wants. Not that we want to satisfy her, more like the other way around we will use it to torment her even more. 
So we ask again: "Does slut want to cum, does she think she's deserved it?" We see how she contemplates for a few seconds before she leans forwards and writes: "Slut has never been this horny in all her innocent life. So yes, she wants to cum very very very much. But has she deserved it? What you have made me do has been difficult, very difficult, but I have to say no. As it looks now with only alligator clips on the cunt, no." We see how she sighs deeply and looks down on the floor when she's finished writing. Then she leans forward again and adds "And since you wanted the slut to say what she thought.. the cunt feels like its ruined I dont think the slut can cum the clit is almost skinned it burns even if its not touched. Its really bad the slut doesnt know if she can manage to masturbate herself. The slut is sorry that she ruined the cunt but it will be ok in a few days."

With a big grin on my lips I write to her: "Get the slut's dildo? 'Cause a slut like you must have at least one?" She rises and walks out of view and comes back with three dildos, one small in hard plastic, one as big as a normal cock in blue silicone material and one huge black 30 cm and thick as a soda can. "So how does slut use these then?" I ask her.
"The small one slut uses as a vibrator or in her ass. The other one slut uses to fuck herself with. And this one... it doesn't fit! Slut gets so horny by lying and pushing it against my cunt, feel how it stretches and splits my cunt. I often fantasize about how someone forces it into me with violence and splits me and destroys me entirely. It makes me so horny!" she writes and we see how she's ashamed and looks down on the floor.

If you want to be the slut in this story or you feel the need to contact me for any reason you will find me on. 
Yahoo: sadistic_gentleman
Email and MSN: jkgo27@hotmail.com









If you want to be the slut in this story or you feel the need to contact me for any reason you will find me on. 
Yahoo: sadistic_gentleman
Email and MSN: jkgo27@hotmail.com

The Thing
Part 2

"Has the slut had the middle dildo in the ass sometime?" we ask her.
"Yes, the slut has used it in the ass sometime but not the whole of it" she replies.
"Take off the clips from the cunt lips. Pull out the cunt lip, then open the clip slowly" we write to her. She takes down a hand and pull out one of her cunt lips with the help of the clip, she cries really bad but starts to open the clip slowly. She doesn't need to open it much for the cunt lip to pull free since she's pulling the clip so hard. We see how the pain is registered in her face and she falls down on the chair with her hand on her cunt. Without a care about the slut's obvious pain I write to her: "The other one too! Now!" 

We see how her mouth form the words 'no, 'please' and a load of other nonsense.
Clips that have been fastened that hard that long are extremely painful to remove so we understand she doesn't want to. But I write to her "NOW!" and she takes down a shaky hand and pulls out the lip cunt good and slowly opens. The clips loosens quickly and the slut falls down on the chair again and holds her cunt. The tears stream down her face but we don't wait for her to get a chance to compose herself.

"Put the midle dildo on the chair and sit down on it. It's going into your ass." we write to her. She dries her eyes to be able to see what we've written and starts to write something back but changes her mind and stands over the chair and puts the dildo on the chair, then she sinks herself down on it. Both I and Id laugh and Id says to me "Wow, she made the test! But she won't 
get that one in a millimeter without wetting it." 
After a while of frustrated attempts she writes: "I can't do it, you have to wet it to get it in, otherwise it just gets stuck. Can the slut wet it, please!"
We respond immediatly: "Since the slut has been so good and made her tests, so yes... suck and wet a finger in your mouth and wet your ass by pushing in your finger. Repeat it until your ass is wet enough to get the dildo in."

She takes one of her index fingers and sucks it, wets it, then she takes it down to her ass and pushes it in a bit into her ass. After two fast thrusts she takes up her finger to her face again and we see how she looks at it and then looks into the camera. But as usual there is no mercy in sight. We see that cute little sigh we've learnt to recognise just before she puts the finger in her mouth and sucks it. The procedure is repeated a couple of times before she keeps the finger in her 
mouth and sucks it for a long while. Then she writes: "Thank you for letting the slut wet her ass, may she try the dildo now again?" 
She gets a short and cold answer back: "Sit on it."

She puts the dildo on the chair and directs it towards her ass. This time she gets in the tip and a little more before it gets stuck, she frustratedly pushes so hard that we fear she'll hurt herself. 
A few tears run down her cheeks while we write to her: "There, there, take it easy slut. 
Take the dildo and wet it in your mouth and it'll go in easier.
She looks up at the screen with a crocked smile. "Thank you" is the answer we get before she takes out the dildo which had been inserted into her ass a centimeter or two.
We laugh when we see her smell it and wrinkle her nose but she still puts it in her mouth.

"Fuck your mouth as if it was a cock you had there" we write to her.
She immediatly starts to fuck her mouth with the dildo, she pushes it in hard but she doesn't get very far. I make a mental note that we'll have to practice on that. After a while we write:
"That's enough, wet it and make sure it's really wet, then it's going in your ass!"
She wets it well, then she puts it on the chair and directs it towards her ass. This time it's easier for her, the dildo goes in quickly a couple of centimeters, then it starts to go slowlier. We take the chance and write to her: "A slut's mouth is called a cock cleaner. There you clean things that've been in her nasty sticky cunt or ass. That's one of the things we're going to teach the slut. Speed it up and sit down now like a good slut."

She leans forwards and writes to us: "May the slut fuck the dildo? 
We look at each other and laugh a little. "Just because she was good and asked us we'll say no!" I say to Id who smiles and writes to the slut:
"No, speed it up now, we have other things to do."

She pushes down hard now but it doesn't get anywhere. Almost the whole dildo is inside now but a few centimeters are missing and it's gotten stuck entirely. "What do you do when the dildo is stuck?" we write to her. She stands up in front of the computer and dries a few tears before she writes: "You start over again, may I take it out and wet it again? Please, it won't work otherwise!"
We answer immediatly: "Speed it up, wet it again but then it's going in all the way!"
She takes out the dildo and this time, without hesitation, she pushes it down her throat. 
But even as hard as she tries she doesn't get the dildo deep enough down her throat to wet it as high up as she knows she has to. After enjoying her desperate gagging attempts for a while we write to her: "That's enough. The slut may lick the dildo to wet it at the bottom. BUT in two weeks the slut shall show us she can take the whole dildo down her throat. If the slut can't do it in two weeks we will block the slut and never speak to her again."
She responds immediatly: "You are way too nice to your slut... the slut will do it in one week!"
Then she takes the dildo out of her mouth and starts to lick it.

We write to her, probably a little too fast according to her: "In with it."
She sighs and takes the dildo out of her mouth, puts it on the chair and directs it towards the ass.
This time it goes easy almost all the way for the slut. She doesn't start to squirm and take it carefully before she's almost sitting down. The dildo glides in all the way this time and almost sits properly. "Sit properly, straight back!" we write to her and get a grimace in reply when she sits up properly. "Unfasten the clips from the chair and fasten them in your tits. 
Put back the clips on the cunt lips too." We see that resigned sigh that we've learnt to recognise, then she replies: "Please not the cunt, it's torn! Anything but not the inner cunt lips... I beg you!"
All she gets in response is "now".
We see how she hesitates a little and then she starts to unfasten the clips that are attached to the chair. When they are loose she puts them on her tits and looks for mercy into the camera. But obviously she doesn't even get a reply so she takes the clips and puts them back on her inner cunt lips. I smile at Id as I see her cry.

Then I start to write instructions for her: "Skip towards the front of the chair as far as you can. Take up your feet towards you cunt and fasten the rubber bands from the clips around your big toes." She doesn't even complain but does like we say immediatly, but sitting at the front of the chair pushes the dildo in even more and we see how she grimaces badly while taking up her feet almost in a lotus position and fastens the rubber bands. 
The problem is there's nothing under her feet to get support from so she has to hold up her feet on her own accord. 
I start to write new instructions for her: "Then the slut takes the left rubber band in the left hand and takes the hand behind her back. The rubber band is going in the arm pit. 
Then do the same thing with the other hand, and now to the most difficult. The slut shall switch the rubber bands in her hands behind her back." The rubber bands look very short so we're not sure she'll make it, but we agree it'll be fun watching her try. She takes back one hand, then the other and realises a decimeter is missing between her hands, but by pulling until the tits point like cones she manages to get it right on the fourth attempt.

To keep the balance the slut must lean back and the dildo is pushed into her ass even more which is making it very uncomfortable, but that is nothing compared to the clips in her cunt. 
The legs are already starting to hang a little and the tits are pulled back a lot. 

"We have other things to do than sit here and entertain a whore. Sit like a good girl until we get back, unless we forget it or simply dont bother." We tell her and I haven't even finished typing when Id is standing on all fours ready to get cock.


If you want to be the slut in this story or you feel the need to contact me for any reason you will find me on. 
Yahoo: sadistic_gentleman
Email and MSN: jkgo27@hotmail.com









If you want to be the slut in this story or you feel the need to contact me for any reason you will find me on. 
Yahoo: sadistic_gentleman 
Email and MSN: jkgo27@hotmail.com
The Thing
Part 3

I walk over to Id and stand behind her and push my cock into her wet cunt. It glides in so easily when it's so wet. I enjoy watching the slut sit and suffer in front of her cam while I fuck Id hard from behind. We have never seen anything like it before, that you could be so obedient. The slut's legs are more or less hanging in the clips and she sits and leans backward against the back of the chair to get some support. But it pushes in the dildo to&nbsp; lean backward at the same time she's using her elbows to keep her balance against the back support.

It doesn't take many minutes before I can't hold it back and I cum in Id's cunt. I sit down on the sofa to recover a little. "But what about me!?" Id tries. 
"Get the vibrator, the slut might as well wait for us" I answer her. Fast as the wind she goes to the toy box and comes back with the silvery little vibrator.

With two of my fingers massaging the right place and the vibrator on the clit it doesn't take many minutes before Id starts: "May your horny, perverse little whore cum? Please let your perverse whore cum! PLEASE!" Finally she gets an answer: "Cum then..." and then she cums immediately. An unusually long, hard, nice orgasm that really drained her of her strength.

When we've both recovered we sit in front of the computer again. It's a sad sight that meets us. One clip on her cunt has come loose so that the slut has one leg on the floor and the other hanging. Her breasts still stand like cones up towards her armpits. The slut is crying and considering hos swollen her eyes are she's been doing it for a while.

I lean forward and start to write: "Let go of the rubber bands in your hands". When I've finished writing I notice how she straights up a little. I realize she's seen the "Is typing a message" text so she knows we're sitting by the computer now. Just because of that I wait in two minutes before I press enter.

She immediately lets go of the rubber bands and they quickly lash back and so does her tits. The slut almost falls off her chair because of the pain in her tits when they go back to where they should sit. She holds her tits and leans forward. "SIT UP STRAIGHT!" We write to her and she does her best to compose herself and finally manages to sit up straight.

She leans forward and writes to us: "Forgive her but the slut couldn't hold her leg up so the clip came off... Shall the slut do it again to show you that she can? Please give the worthless whore another chance!"

We look at each other a little surprised and with a grin Id says: "Let her pull off the other clips as a punishment." I start to write to her: "Since the slut likes to pull off the clips so much she can pull off the others too as a punishment but next time we won't accept a mistake like this."
We soon get a reply: "Thank you so much, you are too kind to let the worthless whore get away like this."

Then the slut slowly stretches out her leg until the clip flies off. Instinctively her hands fly down to her cunt and she almost curls into a ball sitting there on the chair. We agree it was a real shame we missed when the other clip flew off. Because it must have been sheer will to keep herself sitting in that position like she did when the clip flew off. The slut composes herself quickly and grabs the clips on her tits and starts to pull the rubber bands. Everyone who has tried knows that pulling off clips that are attached to rubber bands is hard, it's very different to pull the clip directly. She has to pull hard until they finally come off.

It's the same story again... the slut holds her tits and screams and cries and almost falls off the chair. But she recovers and leans forward and writes: "Thank you for using such a worthless, disgusting whore. She has never been tested like this before. The whore must admit that the chair is all wet. Pathetic and disgusting! But she can't help it! It gets like that when you use the whore like this. Is there anything more the whore can do for you? Anything?"

We answer shortly: "Lick the chair clean."
The slut's quickly down on her knees with her ass in front of the camera and licks the chair clean with feeling. At the same time we start writing to her: "Take the dildo out of your ass and clean it in your mouth."

When the slut's finished she turns around and sees what we've written and sighs. We see how she thinks for a while, then stands up and pulls the dildo out. I quickly add: "Take it easy now... Look at it. Smell it. It's disgusting, isn't it?
Then get it down your throat." She does like we say and we see how she hesitates but then she closes her eyes and opens her mouth. She gags a couple of times but gets the job done.

When the dildo is clean she writes to us: "Thank you for showing the whore her place. You really make the whore understand her place like nobody else has ever done before. Is there anything more the whore can do for you? Anything?"&nbsp; 

"Whats the whores phone number?" i write to her. She hesitates for a second but then starts writing it. When we get her number I quickly look it up and it is listed with name and address and everything. "Nice now we have this little cunt for real." I tell Id and laugh. 

I start typing to her.. "We are bored with the whore and are going to do something thats more fun. We are going to watch a movie and will be back in a while when the movie ends. Put the dildo in the whores mouth and get on your knees facing the wall. Hands behind the head and the end of the dildo should be against the wall all the time." Then I add "If the whore so much scratches her ass she will pay for it. Stand still until we call the whore and tell he she can be released. Position the cam so we can monitor the whore." 

We watch as she gets into position and I tell Id to follow me to the bedroom. 


If you want to be the slut in this story or you feel the need to contact me for any reason you will find me on. 
Yahoo: sadistic_gentleman
Email and MSN: jkgo27@hotmail.com











If you want to be the slut in this story or you feel the need to contact me for any reason you will find me on. 
Yahoo: sadistic_gentleman
Email and MSN: jkgo27@hotmail.com

The Thing
Part 4

The sluts life now took a turn in a new direction for her. My control over her increased every day and her life started to change. She installed a webcam program where I could monitor her 24/7 without her knowing if someone was looking or not. Since she had a one room apartment there wasn't a lot of places in her apartment where she could hide from the cam. 

The program was then connected to her password protected blog. I had ordered her to start the blog and write about her life as a slave. This way i could easily keep her life under control. All it took was a password then you could watch her 24/7 and read about her most humiliating thoughts and actions. I told her that I would give the password to her blog to friends or even sell access to it. And i can do it without even telling her I added. She sounded scared and begged me not to but.. "Its your choice but please keep the whore safe!" 

The slut studied at the university in a smaller town. She had moved there to study so she basically had no friends or no one that knew her. This meant she could be a slave full time and even in public because it didn't matter if someone understood what she was. She was a stranger in the town. All the slut did was go to the school and to the gym so it was easy for her to adapt to her new life. I noticed quickly how she indicated how she wanted to have her school work ans training controlled. So i started to motivate and push her with cruel punishments when she wasn't good enough at school. 

The slut quickly got some rules to follow. 
The first and most apparent was that she was to obey me and Id. I had continued to let Id help me use the slut and I was really pleased how creative and cruel she was to the poor little thing. A girl really knows how to emotionally challenge another girl. 
I promised the slut to keep her safe and healthy. And that was all thats was needed for the slut to swear to me that as long as I promised those things then nothing was out of limits. 

When the slut is at home she is supposed to be naked or dressed according to my instructions. 
Even though it sounds fun to have a girl naked you don't want to make being completely naked and vulnerable a habit. You want to keep that edge that makes her ashamed when she is naked. So I allowed her to keep some clothes on while at home. 

No masturbation or orgasms without being ordered to it. To even ask for selfish pleasure was enough for to get punished. Since i first spoke with the slut 3 months ago she has had 2 orgasms one was a reward and one was a mistake which was punished hard. 

She bought a pink potty which was placed in the middle of her apartment floor. For some reasons going to the toilet while watched always have an effect on girls. The slut could use public bathrooms but then she was not allowed to lock the door. 

Her potty also served as her feeding bowl which the slut ate from on her knees with her hands behind her back. I made her a training diet after all the best ideas without even bothering about it being good to eat. The diet consisted if things like oatmeal and was combined with a harsh training program to make the slut as sexy as possible for me. Most of the time she was just allowed to empty the potty and not clean it before eating. Sometimes she wasn't even allowed to empty it so she had to dump her oatmeal into the piss and eat it. Oatmeal with piss instead of milk sounds like a real treat doesn't it? 

The sluts clothes where sorted. All panties, pants, skirts that was to long, thick sweatshirts and things like this was put in a box and put in the sluts cellar. She was left with some shirt skirts, slutty tops, some hot pants and sports bras to work out in. She was given orders to buy some more clothes that was more suited for a whore like her. 

Her shoes was also sorted. She got to keep her pair if "fuck me boots" and her other high heals and a pair of training shoes. 

I sent her to a animal store where she bought a thin leather dog collar with some crystals and a ring in the front. I made her try some different ones on and send me picture messages on my phone to help her decide. Since it took me some time to decide she stood there ashamed in the store waiting for a decision. She really hated wearing this in public in the beginning but quickly it became a part of her and she had it on 24/7. 

On the gym she got special rules which said that she had to change, shower and take a sauna at the gym. Since she was just allowed hot pants and a sports bra all the guys looked at her and all the girls thought she was a slut. Walking around naked in the changing room sometimes with various demeaning words written on her body and later very explicit piercings didn't help what the other girls thought about her. In short all the girls that was regular on the gym thought she was a nasty whore and they talked about it out loud when the slut could hear it. After the slut had her piercings the abuse went further than indirect verbal abuse. The comments got more upset and questions directly to her about her being a real whore or a slut. The pinnacle of abuse was when she found her clothes dumped in the toilet and then peed on.&nbsp; 

At some time about 2 months after our initial contact I got an envelop in my mailbox. Inside there was a handwritten letter and a internet bank digipas. The letter wrote:

Hello 
This might be a bit weird but I want you to really own me. If i give you this digipas it will mean that you control my life in all ways. I will be truly owned. 
There is two accounts one where my money comes in and one which my card is connected to. I want you to be hard on me. I want you to see to it that every time i need money transfered to my card account I will need to earn it. I want you to use this to make me do things put me in situations which i cant get out of. Play games with me and do it all for your amusement. 
I have really thought this over and I trust that you will take care of me but at the same time make it hard for me. 
Your worthless pisswhore

I couldn't really believe it so I had to read the letter at least twice before i finally understood what it really meant. 

From now on the slut never knew if she had money to pay for anything. I saw to it that her bills where payed but she would most of the time have to work for her money. It could mean 1c for one slap with a wooden spoon on her cunt. Or 10c for every minute in an stressful and painful position. Sometimes she was sold to other dominants who ordered her around on cam on how to degrade and hurt herself. I even made a real whore of her but more about that later.

If you want to be the slut in this story or you feel the need to contact me for any reason you will find me on. 
Yahoo: sadistic_gentleman
Email and MSN: jkgo27@hotmail.com



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Sadistic_Gentleman


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





