BDSM Library - MindFucker




MindFucker
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A secretary is drawn to a mysterious colleague who she has never met in the flesh, who has a desire to be dominated and loves kinky phone and webcam sex. But he is hiding a terrible secret from her, and she is about to descover that things are not always as they seem to be..






MindFucker 
By
Dorothy Strangelove


He was my ultimate fantasy. That's a strange statement considering I'd never seen his face, but as soon as I heard his voice, that was it. I wanted him. His name was Jay Lucas, he worked on the top floor in the office, at least there was a door with his name on but he was never there. He was always calling in by phone and email, and as company secetary I often found myself taking his calls.
He had the sexiest voice I'd ever heard. And one day when I took his call I couldn't take the dictation from him without laughing, he was always fooling around, and add that to the fact that I fancied him and this meant I naturally laughed at all his jokes. 
"You really think you should say that?"
"No, I don't think you should say shes too bloody fat...just say her arse is too big!"
Then he laughed and said, "Just tell her in the usual way, be nice."
He was warming to me and I was warming to him, since I'd started this job six weeks ago I'd known how I felt at the sound of his voice and now seemed like a good moment to test the water and see if I could take this a step further. I was alone in my office, it was quiet today, I had no interruptions that I was aware of..so I did it. I took the plunge.
"I think you're good at being nice, Jay. I think you're nice, anyway..are you nice?"
I'd said it in a lighthearted way, he laughed out loud at that remark.
"Oh, wouldn't you like to know..maybe I'll give you the chance to find out one day.."
I felt my cheeks flushing, unusual for me considering I was a very up front kind of person and not one to easily blush.
"I think I'd like that, Jay."
"But Connie, you don't know me..I might be some random ugly bastard."
He was teasing me when he said that, it was plain in his voice. I also knew that my boss had mentioned that Jay had worked for the agency a few years ago. It was a model agency and he had been one of their best. So, the ugly bastard remark was definitely a joke. I'd taken a look through some old files but hadn't found any pictures of him yet. I was speaking to him through the speaker and his voice was filling the room as if he was right beside me. I wished I could see his face too but he only spoke over the phone.
"I doubt you're ugly."I told him, "I bet you are gorgeous..I know you used to work for the agency as a model."
"That was years ago."He said, "I haven't had a photo taken for nearly five years. I run a bit of the business now, I work from home mainly - when I have to. Actually I look forward to calling in, especially when I speak to you."
I was about to ask if he was kidding, when he said:
"And I mean that. I really do like talking to you. And you like talking to me, so maybe we should talk a little bit more, out of office hours. If you want to."
If I wanted to? Of course I wanted to! He gave me his phone number and I said I'd call him later that evening.

I made sure I'd left work behind me before I dialled his number. It was early evening, I had showered, taking my time as I soaped my big tits, all the while wondering if he would offer to come over tonight. I caught sight of my reflection in the bathroom mirror and saw a nearly perfect body, certainly good for a woman in her thirties, shaved cunt and curvy hips, nice legs. My face was flushed, a combination of thinking hot thoughts and washing under a hot shower. Long auburn hair hung damp just below my shoulders. I looked good. If he said he would come over, I'd put on some make up when I knew for sure he was coming. A big ball of excitement was curling up tighter and tighter in my belly, either that or the butterflies I felt were thinking ahead of me, already having sex, breeding..I'd never felt so excited.
I paused with the phone in my hand and his number in front of me. Thoughts flashed through my mind...I'm a fetishist, I'd whisper. Let me tell you what I want you to do...play a game with me..just say it, say those things..and when I see you, I'll be so wet the cum will be running from my insides and I'll be in pain just from wanting your cock..whisper to me as you slip it in slowly, inch by inch..tell me you're my wounded hero and you need me to fuck you, be my hero and fuck me till it hurts..Then I pictured him, me, a bedroom..he would lean back on the bed. I'd be on top of him, unbuttoning his shirt, running my hands over his skin, pausing to kiss him anywhere I wanted to..or maybe I'd take his shoes off, gently rub his feet and kiss them before I ran my hands up his legs, before I worked my way up to his cock, his balls, then used my mouth and all my oral skills to lick and suck him all the way to ecstacy..
The phone was ringing.
"Hello."Said Jay, and my fantasy shrank back into a wall of shyness. It was his sexy voice! I felt so coy around him all of a sudden.
"Hello, Jay. How are you?"
"I'm quite well, thank you for asking..Im glad you called, Ive been looking forward to this..I've had a hard on all afternoon thinking of you."
Well that was an icebreaker! My confidence had taken a small step out of the shadows on hearing that.
I sat back on the armchair and spread my legs, wishing he was here right now to satisfy me.
"Nice to know you like me as much as I like you.."
"Well if I was with you right now you would certainly be liking what I want to do to you. I'm a good fuck, Ive lost count of how many women I've had. Not these days, I mean when I was a model. Those days are over for me now. But I did get a lot of experience."
My cunt was swelling as I listened to his words. I could picture him taking me to the heights of passion and beyond.
"I'd really like to know what you look like."
There was a pause. Then he said, "Ok, I'll send you a picture later on, to your mobile. Right now I want to have some fun..I really need some playtime."
I went straight in with it.
"If you was here now I'd have to take you to the bedroom."
That had aroused his curiosity, I could hear it in his voice.
"Take me in the bedroom? Wel I must admit I do like being dominated."
That sent a thrill shooting through me like a bolt of lightening! He was my ultimate fantasy man, I knew it! I decided to be open about all my games. 
"I'd like to tell you what to do, to make you surrender to me."
He laughed darkly.
"Whips and chains? Oh, Ive tried that before. I've been sworn at and slapped a few times. I could do it again.."
"No,"I told him, "No whips, no chains. The chains I put on you are in your mind. You will be my fuck toy and cater to my wishes. My sexual fantasy wishes. If you do it right you'll fuck the wettest cunt you've ever had in your life and I'll make you cum and cum till your spunk runs dry."
"Yes please!"He exclaimed, "Tell me more, this is something I'm going to like.."
He sounded excited. This gave me the confidence to tell him everything.
"I like the idea that you're helpless."I told him, "Injured or damaged..but it has to be the result of something really heroic or dramatic, so you can be my wounded hero and I can make you all better.."
"Or I can be crippled and helpless and dependant on you and in need of all your attention especialy the sexual kind."He suggested.
He was my fantasy come true! There was a big smile on my face as I replied.
"Oh, yes please." and I leaned right back on the chair, legs open, my free hand caressing the swelling wetness between my legs. I wanted to come, but not yet, this was getting too damned good to spoil by cumming too soon. I would wait until it hurt if I had to.
"I can go along with that."He said, "I'd love to be your wounded hero, Connie. I bet you'll be really dirty to make me forget my pain."
"I'll be filthy."
He took a deep breath and exhaled slowly, I guessed he was touching himself by now, probably as gently as I was.
"I'd like to restrain you for a really hard fuck."I said.
"Oh yes please, my wrists...tie me to the bed so I can't play with myself while you're teasing me."
"Do you like handcuffs?"
"I've done handcuffs, they hurt me. Tie me with something gentle. I won't struggle, I know you're in charge."
"I'll tie you with my stockings."
His breathing was getting heavier now.
"Oh, I'd like that."
He was wanking, I was sure of it. I was still holding back.
"I'll tie your hands then undress you, so it's all down to me. I'll start by opening your shirt, then after I've kissed and played with your chest and your nipples I'll take off your shoes and rub your feet. I'll do it slowly and gently and kiss them ever so softly, then I'll undress you properly and run my hands all over you. I'll be wearing stockings and a black lace thong and I'll be topless so my tits brush your face while I'm touching you."
He was panting a little now, definitely wanking.
"And I won't be able to stop you.."
"No, I'll be controlling everything. And you have to tell me where it hurts so I can massage it better and get it hard enough for me to sit on you and ride you, give you a hard fuck."
"I'll fuck you as hard as I can."
"You'll fuck me and fuck me till I'm satisfied."
"Rub your thong in my face while you're fucking me."He begged.
"I'll rub it in your face all wet and sticky and smelling of my juice and force you to breathe it all in while I take my pleasure."
"While I'm being fucked.."
"Fucked and helpless."
He gave a gasp and cried out, breathing harder as he came with his mouth right up close to the phone, just how I liked it.
My clit was so engorged by now I felt as if it would burst, I squeezed my pelvic muscles and watched between my open legs as my clitoris throbbed and clear juice ran out and glistened in the soft light. I was so swollen I looked like I'd been playing with a pussy sucker. I stuck a finger inside and it was swallowed by tight, swollen hot vaginal walls that ached for Jay's cock.
His breathing was slowing now.
"That was fucking good. We have to do this again..we have to do this for real one day."
"I'm ready when you are."
He paused, it was a long silence. Then he said:
"You know what, I'd love to meet up with you. Lets keep things like this for now and see how it goes. There's a few things you don't know about me and I'm not sure if I'm ready to talk about them just yet - I will Ive got no reason to lie to you, Im not married or anything like that, we could meet tonight if.." He paused again, seemed lost for words, which was unusual for Jay. 
"Do you know why I stopped the fashion shoots?"
"No."
He paused again, when he spoke for the first time the confidence had leaked out of his voice.
"The woman you work for, Tracey, is my sister. I was on her books when she opened her agency. I was very successful, made a lot of money...but I have'nt done that kind of work for over five years now....I...I think I need to explain this another time. Don't ask Tracey about this, its something I need to tell you myself. I'll send you a picture when I hang up, ok? And I'll call you tomorrow night."
"Ok,"I said, "I'll send you one of me."
Now the horny tone was back.
"I'd love that, Connie. Send me one of your pretty face. And send me another one. A dirty one."
"What kind of dirty one?"
"Just open your legs and take a picture."
"Ok, anything to make you hard for my attention.."
He laughed softly.
"Goodnight, sweetheart."
There was a click as he hung up.
I sat there alone in my livingroom, legs open, wet and hurting for his cock. I was curious at his reluctance to meet me. There was something behind the reason for him giving up his career, too, I was burning with a desire to know more but it had to come from him, I could tell he did'nt like to talk about it and I was'nt about to drive him away with questions he was reluctant to answer.
My mobile buzzed. I had a new message. It was from Jay.
I opened it. He had sent me a picture. This was me in 2002, it said. As the picture came up I took in every detail, feeling a rush of desire run through me that made me want him all the more. He was as handsome as I had imagined, with dark hair and bright green eyes. He was so attractive he was almost pretty. He was standing there in a designer shirt, posing like the model that he used to be. How could someone so gorgeous be reluctant to meet with me? I put those unanswered questions aside as I focussed on his image. I thought of his mouth on mine, my hands runnig all over his body as I helped myself to him in every way I could think of, all while his hands were tied and he struggled and his cock got harder and harder...by the time my fingers had found their way down to my swollen cunt and I had started to rub away the burning ache my mind was fixed on the image of that beautiful man on his knees in front of me, while I lay there with my legs open. I pictured him spreading me wide open, his tongue soft and hot as he licked at me with desperate desire, sucking and licking and eating my pussy..because I told him to do it.&nbsp; When I reached orgasm, I kept his image in my mind as the world blurred into a lost, throbbing moment and it spread all over me, I was totally lost in it, until the pleasure faded away and I realised the moment was gone, he was not here beside me with his warm skin against mine and sharing the moment.
That was the problem with phone sex, with cybersex or any other kind of interaction that did'nt involve the real thing. There was no substitute for real closeness. Jay was different, he had captured my imagination, my desire and was quickly capturing my heart, too. I knew I could'nt put up with much more of this, everything so remote and lacking in real contact. He drove me wild with longing, phone sex would not be enough. Not for a long time, not forever. I did'nt want to lose a good thing but I knew I was in for a lot of heartache if I did'nt try and move things along soon. Maybe he was the kind of guy who preferred things this way, always taking his pleasure, me as his interactive sex service. I did'nt know if I was taking this the wrong way, but it seemed odd that he did'nt want to meet up. It was almost as if he was scared to meet me. The questions that I'd asked myself earlier on came back as I went to sleep that night, with one burning question that weighed heaviest : What is he hiding from me?

Next day, everything seemed different. Sleep had put away my worries about his motives and as I walked into my office all I could think was, my ultimate fantasy man is all mine.. I decided to go along with things for now, he had made me feel so good and maybe he was just shy or perhaps he had just come out of a bad relationship and was wary of starting anything new, there were so many reasons why he could be holding back that I did'nt want to think about it any more. It was almost eleven o'clock when Tracey came in. She closed the door behind her and I was expecting her to ask me to take a letter or make some calls for her, instead, she came over to my desk and said:
"I hear you're seeing my brother Jay."
I blinked, stared at her..he had told her? She was smiling at me, seemed friendly enough, did'nt seem bothered that the new secretary was interested in him.
"He's been calling me, we talk."I said honestly, "He seems nice. Is it a problem, I mean, me working here and..well, I mean, if you feel its inappropriate - "
She stopped me right there.
"Connie, of course I don't think that!"
Her smile faded.
"I hope you two do hit it off. I'd like to see him happy with someone, he's not had it easy these past few years. Have you met him yet?"
"Not yet, I'm hoping to soon."
"Well I hope you get along really well."
Now was the time to ask questions. I knew Jay had asked me not to, but Tracey was talking to me quite openly so I guessed there was no harm in asking a few little questions.
"Jay used to be a model, did'nt he?"
"Yes, he did."Tracey told me, "He was on this agency's books when I had the old premises on Church Street."
Church Street rang a bell with me somewhere, I was sure I'd heard something about that road a few years ago? Something in the paper.. &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
"How come you moved premises?"
Tracey looked away for a moment, something washed over her and I realised I'd touched on something painful. She blinked back tears and walked over to the window, looked out at the busy street below and composed herself before she looked back at me.
"What have I said? I did'nt mean to upset you.."
She shook her head.
"You did'nt know, Connie. It's okay, I don't mind talking about it..you'll have to know. You don't know yet, do you? He hasn't told you, has he?"
"He said there was something he needed to explain, but he asked me not to say anything to you."
"Then I won't tell you everything. But it's only fair I tell you some of the facts."
I listened. What she said stunned me, I could have made a thousand guesses and still not come up with what Tracey told me that day.
"It was a sunday morning nearly six years ago," She said, "Back then I was a bit behind with some paperwork, company accounts..I'd been out the night before and I was feeling hung over, I knew I had to get on top of the paperwork but it was'nt my strong point anyway, so I asked Jay if he could do it for me. He's always been good with figures so he said to give him the keys and he would go in and do it for me...there was an old building next door that had been shut up for years, we did'nt know but it had a ruptured gas main. The explosion destroyed the building next door completely and made the agency building partially collapse. The second floor caved into the first floor, Jay was on the first floor at the time..in my office. When I found out what had happened I went straight over there, I'd never seen anything like it...he was trapped in the rubble for eight hours. His injuries were terrible, we didn't think he was going to live, but he did. And every time I look at him, I think, it should have been me that day."
Tracey had turned back to the window, and I was just sitting there in total shock...an explosion had ended his career? No wonder he was reluctant to meet me. I had to ask her something:
"Is that why he said he's got things to explain?"
Tracey nodded. Her eyes looked so sad as she met my gaze.
"I won't tell him we had this conversation. Just be sure that you really like him before you take things any further, I like you, Connie, I think you would be good for Jay - but he's been through a lot and I want him to be happy."
I nodded.
"I won't hurt him, Tracey. I really like him. Until you told me that my main worry was why he didn't want to meet me. But I know now."
"You don't know all of it but I think we should keep this conversation between us, let him tell you everything, its really not my place to say any more."
"Ok."I replied, "Thanks for telling me. And don't worry about Jay, I really do like him and I want to take things further with him, if he lets me."
As Tracey walked out and closed the door behind her, I thought how weird it had been to have such an intimate conversation with someone who had, until that moment, been just my boss. Jay didn't call in that day and I wanted to call him but decided it was best to wait until the evening.

That night, I was sitting by the phone wondering how to open a conversation with him - What could I say without letting slip that I knew about his accident? I didn't have to worry for long, the phone rang and I recognised his number on the caller display.
"Hello Connie,"He said warmly, "I've been thinking about you all day long.."
A rush of warmth spread through me and I wished I could hug him. Poor Jay had been through so much..
"I've been thinking about you, too. I'd really like to meet you, Jay."
There was a pause.
Then he said something I wasn't expecting.
"Have you got a webcam?"

Twenty minutes later I was in front of the computer, in my sexiest underwear, a black lace bra that pushed my tits to the sky and the skimpiest thong I owned.
The view I saw from Jay's end was a darkened room, camera turned away towards the wall.
"Hello Connie."He said, and adjusted the cam.
He was sitting in a leather chair, I could see him clearly, I had a perfect view of his face and upper body. He looked like he hadn't changed much since the picture he sent me except that he was slightly heavier now.
"Hope you like what you see."
"Of course I do."
"I like what I see you have lovely tits. I'd love to suck on them."
I unhooked the back of my bra and let it come off. He stared at my tits for a moment, his hand moved downwards as he gave his cock a quick stroke, then he brought his hand back up again.
"I've been thinking about what you said about your fantasy, and I think I can definitely qualify as your wounded hero..I was very badly hurt a few years ago..so much that it ended my career."
Now guilt was pricking at me a little. Fantasy games and reality did not mix. 
"I mean it as in you making something up, I'd never get off on anything real, that's just sick. I wouldn't do that."
He laughed.
"Well I don't have a problem with it, the way I see it is this - it's happened, I can't change it, if I can use it to float your boat what's wrong with that?"
And I found myself smiling back at him. Nothing was wrong with it - if it was what he wanted. Right now all I wanted was pleasure for both of us.
But I couldn't start by saying, Well what happened to you, then? It was just plain wrong, I already knew the story, or at least, as much as Tracey had felt able to tell me. Right now I felt honesty would be the best policy.
"She asked me to keep quiet about this, but your sister had a chat with me today..she said she was pleased we were getting along well - and she told me about your accident. She said you was trapped in the rubble. That's all she said but she felt the need to tell me. I hope you're not offended.."
"No, Im not upset at all. I told her I liked you. I'm glad she didn't say any more about it, though. That really is better coming from me."
He was being so open now. Jay paused to collect his thoughts, then he smiled and said:
"You want a wounded man to make better, well I'm certainly that. And I like kinky sex, since my accident I've found I need kinky stuff to get me hard, I have a few problems sometimes, I think its just a confidence thing after everything I've been through..but you certainly sorted that out for me, I came so hard yesterday - I haven't come that hard for ages!"
"So did I. It was just the thought of you, touching me, fucking me. I thought about you licking me out and that was it, I just had to cum."
"I want to lick you out, I' good at that, I always have been."
As he looked at me on the screen I felt a rush of arousal swelling my cunt.
Then he said something I wasn't expecting:
"Do you think I'm good looking?"
I smiled.
"Very." 
"I'm not as perfect as I used to be, I smashed my cheekbone in the accident and I've got a plate in my face - I don't think it shows, though. I had a good surgeon, he did a good job on the reconstruction."
"So why don't you go back to modelling?"
He laughed softly. 
"You don't get it..ok, I'll have to spell it out to you. I'm in a wheelchair. I can't walk."
"Sorry, I did'nt know."
He wasn't at all concerned about it.
"I came to terms with it a long time ago, I was hoping you might like that..I'm trapped in this chair, is that helpless enough for you?"
"So you can't escape me when I pin you down on the bed?"
He laughed again.
"No - not that I would want to escape!"
For a moment we looked at eachother, our eyes meeting in the way that lovers do. 
"So you're paralysed?"I asked him.
His smile faded.
"No, I'm not paralysed. This is the part I was dreading, I don't want to put you off me, Connie...would anything put you off me?"
I shook my head.
"Nothing, you're perfect, Jay."
That doubt was creeping back into his voice.
"But it might if I tell you what it is. I'm not so perfect as you imagine."
He paused again, I really felt for him as I saw the pain in his eyes. He was trying to explain something that he had been dreading to tell me.
"I'm not in a wheelchair because I'm paralysed."He told me, "I lost both my legs in that accident. I was trapped under a ton of rubble and they had to cut my legs off to get me out. I never would have walked again anyway, I was in a real mess. I wouldn't be alive today if I hadn't lost my legs. But like I said, you wanted me helpless, you've got me as helpless as I can be. Do you still want to get to know me?"
That had come as something of a shock, I had never thought about how I would feel being in an intimate situation with someone who was disfigured like that, but as I looked at him I didn't need to think about it. His disability didn't come into it at all, when I was with him, when I was looking into his eyes, I would be seeing Jay, the beautiful guy I had fallen for. Yes, it did arouse me to think he was submitting to me and being helpless with it, but the physical side of it didn't put me off in the slightest - it was the man I had fallen in love with and I knew I was willing to accept him however he was.
"Of course I do!"I told him, "I want us to do all the things we talked about. I want you naked on the bed and me on top of you making you come and pleasing me in whatever way I wish. I want to be with you."
That was all the encouragement he needed.
"Come over tonight."He told me, "I want to meet you, Connie."

An hour later I was pulling up in a taxi outside his flat, it was quite a distance from my place and on the better side of town, it was a luxury apartment, I pressed the buzzer and the door clicked open. I walked through the entrance to the lift, it slid open and I pressed for the top floor. As it glided upwards I felt that excitement balling up inside me again - at last I was going to meet him! My cunt was aching for penetration, my clit was throbbing with a screaming rhythm that asked to cum and cum, yet at the same time I longed to hold him, my poor, beautiful darling Jay who had been through so much trauma.
I stepped out of the lift and walked over to his front door. I pressed the intercom and called his name.
"I know you're here."He replied, "I'm in the bedroom...come and get me.."
And the door opened.
I stepped inside and closed the door behind me. The hallway was long and wide, all laminated flooring and pale walls. I walked on, passed a livingroom and a kitchen, this place was nice, he had expensive taste from the lighting in the hallway to the art that hung on the walls. I passed two more doorways, then the corridor turned. I followed it and came to a door that was slightly ajar. Through the gap I could make out a very nice bedroom, with a deep, soft cream carpet and satin drapes at the window. The room was bathed in a soft light from overhead spots that dotted the ceiling.
"I'm in here."Jay said from somewhere behind the door.
I went inside.
Jay was in bed with a big, soft duvet up to his waist. It was so thick I had to look closer to realise his legs ended around the lower part of his thighs. But it didn't bother me, didn't put me off in the slightest, from the moment our eyes met all I wanted to do was be with him.
"Hello beautiful."He said, "Come and sit with me."
He had tried to sound confident but he was perspiring and I noticed as he patted the bed to invite me his hand was shaking. As I sat beside him he laughed nervously.
"I don't usually shake like this.. I like you a lot, and - "
"Shh."I said gently, "It's ok."
And I took him in my arms and kissed him. He trembled at first, but as our lips met his nervousness began to ebb away. He kissed me hard, passionately, pulling me down on to the bed beside him.
"Make me come."He begged me.
I unzipped my dress and let it slide to the floor. Then I peeled off my stockings, used one to wind around his wrists and secured them to the metal bed post.
I slid the covers down to his upper thighs, exposing his cock and balls. He was starting to get hard already, it was happening slowly but I was getting him there..
"Not yet."I told him, "You want me to make your cock all better and come nicely, so I'll have to take a good look at you. All of you." 
He tensed now, not ready for me to see the part of his body that he hated so much.
"No, Connie..leave it..dont.."
But I was in charge here and if he wanted to be dominated he had to allow me to do this.
"I want you naked."I told him, "You have to surrender all of yourself to me."
And I slid the covers right back and off him completely.
I didn't feel shocked or put off him at all. He had a beautiful body and his cock was getting hard for me, the fact that his legs were missing made no difference to that. Nothing could subtract from the way I saw him, I looked at him with love and therefore saw no flaws.
"You're beautiful."I told him, "I love every part of you, Jay."
Then I ran my hands down his thighs, for the briefest moment it felt strange that my hands swept down and touched stumps where his legs should have been but as soon as I gently spread him open and my mouth was down on his balls and I was licking and sucking, it was like making love with any other man - except that I knew by now this was a man who I loved. I slid his cock into my muth and sucked him, but only briefly. He was too excited to take much of that.&nbsp; 
Then I took off my thong. A trail of clear juice clung from the material in a watery wisp that ran from my vagina, I paused to wipe myself with the thong, then pressed the material gently to his face.
"This will help."I said softly, and slid down onto his cock. Every single nerve in my body let go and pleasure washed over me as he filled me up inside at last! 
He was closing his eyes and inhaling the scent of my cunt as I rode him harder and harder. As our eyes met he whispered:
"Am I everything you wanted?"
"Yes,"I told him, "Yes, you are.."
And I rode him harder still, till his weak and useless struggles against the bonds that tied his wrists gave way to total loss of control and he came hard inside me, shooting me full of his spunk.
I untied him and held him in my arms as he lay breathless and recovering.
"That was amazing,"He said, kissing me, "Thank you, that was so amazing.."
"The best you've had in while?"I asked him.
As he looked at me his eyes filled with tears.
"This is the only time I've had sex since the accident."He said, and started to sob.  &nbsp;&nbsp; 
I held him tightly, let him cry. There was no point in saying I understood, because no one could understand what he had been through without living it, so I just kissed away his tears and told him how much I loved him. He pulled himself together quite fast, kissing my tits and then moving downwards.
"Lick my cunt,"I begged him, "Lick it for me, Jay."
He had been telling the truth, he was very good at oral sex. He knew how to lick me and lick me till I was just about to come, then he stopped, lapping up all the juices from my vagina before turning his attention back to my clitoris again. When I came I felt like my cunt would burst with pleasure, I screamed and tangled my fingers in his hair, shoving his face harder onto my body. I was still cumming, juice was still flowing. I tightened my grip on his hair and held him down there.
"Drink my juice."I commanded, then throbbed with over-sensitive pleasure as he obeyed me and licked every last drop from my swollen cunt.
Then I rested in his embrace and promised him a little surprise...
A short while later I took my vibrator from my bag and showed it to him. 
"Do you fuck yourself with this?"He asked me.
"While I'm thinking of you, yes..sometimes.."
"What's it like?"He asked me.
I switched it on and ran it gently over his pubic mound, then down to his balls where I turned it up a little and pressed down harder. It made him gasp as waves of pleasure washed through him in a way he had never experienced before. He got hard very quickly, and this time when I sucked him, I carried on sucking.
He was trembling while I did this but he wasn't nervous any more, he was shaking from pure desire. As he shot his load I took it all in my mouth, sucked and swallowed. Then I lay there, my head on his belly and my hands stroking his body as he tangled his fingers gently in my hair.
"I didn't think I'd ever feel this good again."He told me.
"Well I'll make you feel like this every day for the rest of your life."I promised him, and gave him a gentle kiss just above his pubic hair.
Then I moved up and lay beside him, at long last knowing how it felt to be in a beautiful afterglow and feel his skin next to mine.
"When we first started talking I didn't know if you was serious about me,"I told him, "I thought maybe you was just fucking with my mind..you know, playing games..but when I found out why you was holding back I just had to make you feel better, I needed to. I've loved you for a long time, I just didn't know it until now."
He gave me a gentle hug.
"No, I wouldn't mess about with you like that. I knew how I felt but I just didn't know how you would react. I'm glad that you did that, by the way, I'm glad you made me show you all my body. Now I feel like I can give myself to you totally. I love the way you control me."
I looked into his eyes.
"Would you like us to do this again, Jay?"
"Yes please,"He told me, "Yes please, Connie. I need you so much.."

SNAP, SNAP, SNAP. 
That fucker was at it again, catching me sitting at my desk daydreaming and snapping his fingers in front of my face.
"I don't pay you to daydream!"He said sharply, "Get back to work!"
I stared at him: Jay Lucas, ex-model and owner of the agency that I worked for, and the worst boss in the world. He was glaring at me.
"Every time I come in your office you're staring into space, Connie. What are you doing?"
My cheeks burned harshly. I wanted to say, "Even though you're a rude, nasty bastard I find you attractive. And I like to fantasise that you're a cripple - an amputee, actually, and you're so much sweeter and nicer for it. And we fall in love, too.."
Just running that little scenario through my mind made me blush even more.
Jay blinked. 
"Well?"He demanded, "What are you waiting for? Your P45? Get back to work!"
I watched as he turned and walked away on his perfect legs, leaving a scent of designer aftershave behind him. Would he really be any different if he went through something like the scenario I was always thinking about? Probably not. In truth, the only trauma I'd ever known Jay to experience was going down to the car park and finding someone had scraped their keys along the side of his precious car. He had taken that very badly. God knows how he would react if he knew I spat in his coffee every morning too! But he was attractive and as much as I disliked him, he did light my fantasy fire.
I looked up and saw him reach the end of the hallway.
"Jay, you're a fucking wanker." I muttered under my breath.
But as I turned my attentions back to my work, there was a smile on my face as my fantasy continued in my head.
And only I knew why I had a smile on my face.

END   
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 



 &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

 






Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Dorothy Strangelove


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





