BDSM Library - Our First Weekend




Our First Weekend
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A long time friend comes for the weekend to submit to my will






Time is a funny thing, one moment it is grinding forward as if a single moment will never end and then the best times slip away like sand through our fingers. This week was a great example of this... Jolting up I look at the computer screen, I am faced with the same boring program i have been staring at all week and as I take another sip of my warm coffee to stay awake. The words on the screen dance in my vision as i drift off into a day dream. My mind is filled with the image of her face,&nbsp; I only gaze into space for a minute longer before continueing my work. Honestly I want to just slip into a deep sleep and forget my work but the upcoming weekend with my angel will make up for long shifts and less sleep i think as i raise my dark coffee to my lips and once again focus on the computer.
I wake up the following day. Finnally it is friday i think to myself as i get into my car and start driving in to work. However it is not going to be a bad day, I get fridays off&nbsp; early. Which works well cause when i get home this afternoon you will already be in my place waiting for me.

As I sit at work i cant help but get excited for today, and as i am thinking of the weekend we have ahead you are arriving at my apparent. I sent you a key the week before and by now you should be finding what I left in the apartment. On the table infront of you there is a note 

"Angel, I will be at work for a few more hours before we can go out. Please make your self at home, there is a towel in the master bath and to put on the lace underwear that i left for you." Since you got in late I manage to get there when you are still in the shower when i arrive and i am standing in the washroom when you step out and I smile "looking forward to tonight i hope" i toss you a towel and leave you to get dressed

I smile at you and pull you in for a kiss when you walk out of the washroom in the underwear i bough you, your curves showing off your underwear well. The red bra and black lace on it hold your breasts well and push them up. The panties of the same colour hug your ass as they cover your smooth booty and follow the curves of your thighs to barley cover your bare pussy that i had told you to shave before coming.

Unable to contain my affection i stroke your cheek "Okay, so was planning on getting some toys for the week but I got busy for work so we are going to go now" i hand you your clothes "we will get you a nice new dress then toys" i am still staring at you as you put on the blouse and skirt.

I kiss your lips, the taste of my lipgloss fills my mouth as i&nbsp; grab your wrist and force you to follow me to my car and I open the passenger door and push you in and close the door.

Walking around the car i look at you, i am excited for my time with you and I have thought about this for so long, it is hard to believe that this day has come.

as we drive along in the car i run my hand along your thigh, smiling at you and just staring at your tits, thinking of what i will do first to them.

As the car slips into the shadows of the parkade i slap your thigh and grab the hair on the bakc of your head and make you look at me "I am buying you some clothes, so blow me right now"&nbsp; The car is still moving as i look for a parking spot "i will park once my cum is in your mouth" I watch you as you unbuckle my pants and start to suck and i keep turning and speeding up and slowing down. jerking you around as you try and suck my cock. after a few more laps and maybe a few peoples have seen you bnd over my the time i cum in your mouth and i park shortly after and i drag you out of the car with some cum still on your mouth

I hurry you into the mall by your arm. You seem to be a little embarrassed by the cum so i see a long hallway to the washrooms. The hall has seemed empty and these must be pretty unused washrooms so i follow you in. It has been to long coming to wait any longer to finally do this as i shove you into a bathroom stall and push you against the cold wall as i pull down your panties and put them in my pocket, and I slide up your skirt with my hand, gently running it all the way up to feel your warm cunt lips as they beg for me. as my belt and pants open and my hard manhood presses against your wet lips and as i lean forward kissing you neck and i slide in slowly the first time but once i have thrust it in all the way I pull out of you and slam it in hard the next time and slowly increase in speed and intensity each time (i know a mall by my place we can do this). Shortly after we start fucking i cum into your tight hole since i have been thinking about this so much and have been longing to fill your hole with my warm seed. i slow down, not wanting you to be pleased yet since it will make you more tense at dinner.

I kiss your cheek as i pull up my pants and do up my belt but i dont touch you sexually again as your skirt falls down in place, your underwear is still in my pocket as i lead you out of the washroom and in my lust for you we forgot to clean the cum that is crusted on the corner of your mouth. but now you can feel the small trail of cum seaping down your inner thing as your pussy burns in it's longing to be filled again by your master's cock

as we look at the dresses i am standing behind you and you can tell i am not that interested the dresses as my hand once again slips up your thigh along the back side as i grab your ass under your skirt as you look over the dresses before you finnally pick a nice one and we go and pay for it and hte whole time i am grabbing your ass or breasts when no one is looking and i love how you blush and hope no one is looking as you cast your eyes to the floor hoping not to make eyecontact with anyone.

"Okay darling one more stop before we go to dinner" we head back to the car, and i dont hold your hand like a carling bf as we go but i hold on to your wrist and keep you by my side. A short drive away is an adult store and we both go in and browse various toys, and in the end we get a small remote controlled egg vibrator and i make you put in in infront of the desk after we pay for it but thankfully i gave you a nice long skirt before so the clerk is not able to see anything.

we get to the restaurant and i make you go change as i order us some drinks and appetizers and as you are changing i turn the vib on low in your already stimulated pussy. and i can see how horny you are on your face as you come back almost pleading to me to turn it off




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  CheaseOwns


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





