BDSM Library - Wicked Femdom Tales: Debbie and Sandy




Wicked Femdom Tales: Debbie and Sandy
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Two former nurses entertain themselves by tricking and publicly humiliating unsuspecting males, or subjecting them to painful procedures in their medical lab.         






 



 Wicked Femdom Tales: Debbie and Sandy







This story is intended as sexual entertainment for adults only









Debbie and Sandy had been together for two years now, living in a magnificent country home a few miles from the city. The dwelling is hidden in a secluded spot in the woods where nature provides a wonderful haven for them. Debra inherited a vast amount of money from her father, who died years ago, and has done little to indulge herself, save this large, exquisitely equipped farm estate. Her fortune, however, is quite extensive, and she is able to afford just about anything she wants or needs.



They are good friends as well as lovers, and have in common their mistrust and deep hostility toward men.&nbsp; They also have an few idiosyncrasies, like being full blown femdom practitioners. Debbie is age 36, a very pretty woman with blue eyes and reddish hair.&nbsp; Sandy is age 37, and a beautiful blond with an astonishing body. 



They are both former registered nurses but have no need of employment now, with Sandy's great financial means,&nbsp; and use their unique talents to torment unfortunate male victims in many exquisite ways. 



They have built an elaborate dungeon and medical exam area in the basement on their farm, and bring unwary men there when the mood strikes them, for special treatment.&nbsp; They typically drug their captives for transport to their lodgings, and use them for a day or two, and return them drugged to where they found them, with no permanent injuries.



Any man who has been a victim here however, will tell you that they were subjected to incredible pain by various scientific means though suffering no serious damage.



They always use black head covers while working their victims over, so that they cannot be identified, and to add to the fear experienced by the men.



---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------



Their primary source of entertainment, however, is the search for victims of opportunity, for the purpose of public torment and degradation.&nbsp; They delight in setting up unsuspecting males by ingenious, and cruel methods, 

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------





Having purchased their tickets for the movie Debbie and Sandra walked directly into the darkened theater without buying food or drink.&nbsp; As they entered the blackened cinema their eyes slowly became accustomed to the sparsity of light, and they moved carefully down the aisle searching for a&nbsp; proper victim. 



They came back up the walkway and moved over to the other row, and in the first section of that side, in the middle area they found what they were looking for.&nbsp; Debbie bumped Sandy's arm gently, and pointed unobtrusively to a man sitting about half way down the row.&nbsp; The only people sitting nearby were three young women directly in front of him.



Some of the aisle lights were burned out and it was unusually dark. Debbie moved down the row while Sandy went back into the aisle and went around, walking down the first aisle, and sliding into the same row with the male target on the other end.&nbsp; He was in his mid twenties with dark hair, average appearance, and wore blue jeans and a sport shirt.&nbsp; 



He barely noticed them as they approached, and they sat right next to him on either side.&nbsp; This made him a bit curious, and he looked first at one of the women, and then to the other.&nbsp; He suspected that in some strange way they were trying to make overtures to him and was quite stunned at such a development. 



Debbie put her arm next to his and smiled at him in the darkness. The theater was only moderately filled, and aisle traffic was low. He grinned at her , and rubbed her arm with his.&nbsp; She was an older woman, as they both were, but both were knockouts, and he was quite aroused by their appearance.



He&nbsp; had never experienced anything quite like this and was amazed at his good fortune.&nbsp; Sandy picked this time to put her lips next to his ear and whisper softly....."Listen carefully to what I'm going to say."



He looked at her curiously.



"I have a hypodermic needle that has been used by several HIV victims.&nbsp; It's in my hand and right next to your arm.&nbsp; Remain calm and do not say a word, or I will jab you with it, and that will be the last of it for you. I want you to believe what I say because it is true and I promise you your life depends on it."



He went limp, and stared at her in shock and fear.&nbsp; He looked at Debbie and she whispered close to his ear also. 



"What she says is the absolute truth, we are both registered nurses and gained access to certain toxic waste cannisters. If she even nicks your skin with that needle you will contract AIDS, and there will be nothing you can do to stop it."



He was stunned and looked from one to the other.



Debbie whispered again in his ear. "If you understand and believe us, nod your head."



In a moment he did so, and looked down at Sandy's hand.&nbsp; Sure enough she had a hypodermic needle in it, and a safety cap, which she had removed.&nbsp; 



He nodded quickly, terror in his eyes,&nbsp; and Sandy whispered again....."You're going to do exactly what I say....regardless of what it is...and you will do it without question or delay. You will not speak again to us or I will jab you. I could care less about your health, and it makes no difference to me."



"Do you believe me?"



He looked at her intently and was very frightened. They knew he wanted to ask them why they were doing this but he had better sense. They could be lying, but they might well be telling the truth.



Sandy continued talking to him quietly as the movie began. There was only an occasional patron walking by, and it was a bit hard to see anything anyway.



Sandy held the needle at the ready and continued whispering to him.



"Listen carefully....I want you to take your shoes and socks off."



He looked strangely at her and at Debbie, and gave her a 'you've got to be kidding look', and Sandy looked at him fiercely and pinched his ear. 



"I have very little patience right now and I won't fuck with you, I'll jab you."



In a moment he reached down and untied his shoes. He took them off and then removed his socks.&nbsp; Debbie took them and shoved them back a row behind them on the floor.&nbsp; There was no one closeby now, and the nearest moviegoer was a number of rows back.



Sandy continued talking to him, her lips in his ear as though they were making out.



"Now....slowly take your pants off and give them to my friend next to you."



He looked at her in amazed protest, his eyes pleading feverishly with her not to make him to that.&nbsp; She stared at him coldly and whispered again....



"I won't ask you a second time....take your fucking pants off, now!"



He was quite upset, and was really beginning to become uncomfortable, but he slowly moved down and unbuckled his belt, and unzipped his pants.&nbsp; Then he slowly pulled them downward, and over his knees, and pulled them all the way off.



He was shaking like a leaf now and handed Debbie the pants without looking at her. Debbie put the pants under her seat and shoved them backward.



Sandy breathed into his ear and whispered again...."Now.....take your shirt off."



He looked at her in panic, and then to Debbie, who was enjoying the whole thing immensely, and put his head down and crunched his face into a tight knot...absolutely desperate to find a way out.



Debbie moved in very close and whispered in his other ear.&nbsp; 



"You've got fifteen seconds to take your fucking shirt off or my friend will fuck your life with a little jab from that needle.&nbsp; Believe me it means nothing to us. Would you rather die of AIDS or be a little embarrassed?"



He began to unbutton his shirt, and when he had finished he ducked down and slid it off.&nbsp; Debbie disposed of it also.



Sandy whispered into his ear puffing her hot breath in deeply. 



"Get your shorts off, and hurry it up!"



He was aghast with shame, and looked at Sandy hopelessly.



Then he looked at Debbie in utter dispair as he slowly moved down and pulled his briefs off. He took them off his foot and handed them to Debbie who promptly shoved them back behind them. He shivered in humiliation as the two looked at his hardening penis.



Sandy whispered closely to him...."My, my you've got your pecker hard already hon.&nbsp; Good boy!"&nbsp; 



It was obvious that he was extremely upset and afraid that someone would see him, and he moved down in the seat as far as he could.



Sandy continued....."Alright....flip your cock around and jack it off. I want to see you work your dick."



He was so far down in the seat by now that he was sinking into the floor and Sandy pinched his ear hard making him jerk from the pain.&nbsp; "Get your ass back up and sit straight, I'm sick of fucking with you...do you understand me?"



He straightened at once and began to flip his cock back and forth and stroked it haltingly up and down.&nbsp; He was sweating by now and at that time a movie patron walked past down the aisle and he almost caved in right there.



He was jacking off deliberately now, looking in panic at the women in front of them, and expected them to turn around any second and see what he was doing.



Debbie took a pair of handcuffs out of her pocket and reached down, locking his ankles together.&nbsp; Now he was completely vulnerable, masturbating naked in a public movie theater with the very real possibility of being discovered.



Sandy cuddled close to him and continued talking.&nbsp; 



"Nice prick you've got there stud, nice fucking pecker."



"Now, let's see it spit in your hand.&nbsp; I want you to jackoff into your palm and eat your cum."



He was shaking badly now, desperately looking around,&nbsp; and in a state of panic with what he was doing.



He looked sideways at Sandy who was smiling sarcastically at him.&nbsp; Debbie was hanging to his other side and both looked down as he began to jerk off for them.&nbsp; He tried to keep his hand movement hidden, so that no one would notice him but he became carried away and beat off faster than he'd intended just as a female customer walked past. 



It was so dark that he could barely be seen, but it 'was' possible.&nbsp; It was surprising that no one had noticed him yet and reported him to the theater management.&nbsp; 



Debbie and Sandy hugged him closely as he approached ejaculation, and humiliated him with lewd comments as he shot off his load. It was heavy, and it hit the back of the seat in front and slurped all over his hand.&nbsp; 



He sat there exhausted when he finished, and hesitated for a moment.



Sandy prompted him with another hard pinch to his ear.



"Eat your fucking cum now...and eat it all you pathetic fuck, or I'm going to lose any patience that I have left, and I 'will' stick you."



He looked sheepishly at her and Debbie and moved his head down, stuck his tongue out, and licked off the thick white semen from his palm. He was clearly disgusted,&nbsp; but cleaned off the viscous seminal fluid and swallowed it.



He sat there terrified and degraded, and looked pleadingly at the cruel beauties.



Debbie and Sandy then got up.....and each walked out, and into the aisle, and they left the theater. When they reached the car both were in heavy state of arousal, and kissed passionately, fondling each other erotically.



Sandy sat and fastened her seatbelt.&nbsp; "Now that was something wasn't it Deb....fucking big time fun."



Debbie loved Sandy's rare courage and ingenuity, and moved closely to her. The two had left a trail of broken and humiliated male victims, and were contemplating where their next debacle would be.



"Do you think we're cruel girl?", she chuckled, putting on her seatbelt.



"Do you ever feel guilty about the things we do?"



Sandy put the car in gear and pulled away, grinning from ear to ear, 



"Debbie girl,&nbsp; no mercy was shown to us when we were being abused.......why should we give any away." 



She headed back to the farm, where they began to plan their next event with great pleasure. The next one would be a dandy, she promised herself.



----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

































Wicked Femdom Tales: Debbie and Sandy-part 2







The following story is intended as sexual entertainment&nbsp; for adults only.







He was in a hurry, and walked rapidly toward his car&nbsp; in the parking lot of the shopping center. His mind was&nbsp; totally absorbed in the day's business, paying&nbsp; bills, and filling up the gas tank, and buying&nbsp; supplies. It was Friday and he was excited about the&nbsp; coming weekend where he would spend Saturday evening&nbsp; hunting for pussy at Pierre's bar.&nbsp; He was twenty eight, unmarried, and in his&nbsp; prime, and hot to trot for sexual action weekends.



He pushed his entry button twice and opened the rear&nbsp; door and slid his groceries into the back seat.&nbsp; Slamming the door sharply, he slid into the front seat&nbsp; and worked the key into the ignition. Then he heard the&nbsp; back door open, and in an instant someone had slid in&nbsp; behind him in the back seat. He looked back and caught&nbsp; a brief image of a pretty woman sitting behind him, and&nbsp; then the world exploded as his shoulder was shattered&nbsp; with a powerful Taser shock.



The agonizing pain made him scream, and he went limp&nbsp; and lay there quivering. Suddenly another woman pulled&nbsp; the driver's side door open and pushed him heavily to&nbsp; the passenger side with the help of the rear intruder.



The woman quickly fired the engine up and drove off as&nbsp; the other woman in the rear reached her hand over the&nbsp; seat and checked his vitals. He could not function, and&nbsp; groaned in pain as his body convulsed in muscular&nbsp; confusion. The rear occupant then rolled up his sleeve&nbsp; and pinched the skin, jabbing a hypodermic needle in&nbsp; deeply, she injected the contents, and seconds later he&nbsp; felt the world drift away, and he passed into a deep undreaming coma.



---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------



When he awoke he was completely mindless, not knowing&nbsp; who he was, or where he was. Like a newborn baby he&nbsp; slowing began to regain consciousness, and a sharp&nbsp; panic hit him as he remembered what had happened, and&nbsp; that he was firmly strapped into some kind of fixture,&nbsp; standing up and leaning forward awkwardly, and his&nbsp; whole body was completely immobile. 



He was in some kind of operating room, it seemed, the&nbsp; temperature was chilled, and he was shivering from the&nbsp; cool air.&nbsp; He could not move his head but a leather bit&nbsp; was stuffed in his mouth, and his teeth clamped down on&nbsp; it firmly. He was completely nude, and there was a&nbsp; stainless steel table next to him filled with shiny metal instruments.



He had leads attached to his chest and a steady beeping tone&nbsp; indicated his heartbeat.



He began to panic, and terror burned through his mind&nbsp; as he contemplated the implications of this. A door&nbsp; opened suddenly, and two people walked in, he assumed&nbsp; the two who had abducted him, and they wore black&nbsp; head covers revealing only their eyes and mouths. They were also wearing nurses uniforms, and their white caps rested on top of the shiny black head covers, and the whole effect was devastating to him.



They stood in front of him, and one of them smoothed&nbsp; over his hair as he grunted in terror.



"You're going to be with us for, oh say, the next hour or so my friend, and you are going to get to know us in&nbsp; a way that you will not like."



The man's penis was rock hard, with the aid of a cock ring around the base, and it bobbed up and down&nbsp; involuntarily. There was a small platform below his&nbsp; privates, and several hypodermic syringes on another&nbsp; small metal table close by.



"You'd be surprised what pain can do to the male ego",&nbsp; she whispered, "you will be like a blubbering child as our visit&nbsp; progresses. You have one consolation&nbsp; though, pain cannot be remembered so that tomorrow when you think back to this unbearable event, you will not&nbsp; actually be able to remember the agony."



"We always video tape our sessions to enjoy later, and we hope you won't mind if we share our fun with our worldwide fan club."



"You will suffer for the unpleasant things you have&nbsp; done to women in your life, and you will be truly&nbsp; penitent as you reflect on your shameful behavior. We&nbsp; will purge you of all guilt in that regard so that you&nbsp; will actually thank us one day. Now, it's time to get&nbsp; down to the unpleasant task at hand."



"The gag will help you to bear the pain, and prevent damage to your teeth. You will not be permanently harmed, and in a few weeks you will be healed and healthy, with a very hard memory burned into your male psyche. I sincerely hope that you will treat women with greater respect after this, it's so easy for a man to forget that he owes his very existence to women."



Sandy placed a cover over the man's head, and they sat down beside him, and removed their head gear and clothing.



Sandy peeled back his foreskin all the way and flipped the steel hard penis. "I'm going to hurt you real bad down here", she whispered, "you may scream all you like."



They knew his stomach was turning flip flops and that he was almost ready to vomit from fear.&nbsp; He was sweating and shaking all over and groaned pitifully. He was crying already from terror, and pulled with great strength against the straps but could not budge them an inch.



Debbie and Sandy were enjoying this, the anticipation of pain that this male was feeling. Debbie reached over and pulled Sandy to her, and they kissed passionately, as the man struggled and sobbed.



They looked at each other affectionately, and sat back in their chairs.



"Now Debbie", Sandy breathed heavily, "let's see what can be done here."



 Sandy lifted up the sterile cloth on the tray and pulled a long needle out and then cleaned the man's raw pisshole thoroughly with an alcohol scrub. He was gasping and grunting already, and when she took a long swab soaked with alcohol and slowly shoved it up his urethra he went wild, and pulled desperately against his restraints.



As Debbie held the rock hard penis firmly Sandy took the sharp end of the needle and began to work it in to one side of his red, puffy pisshole, sliding it upward from the bottom. The needle drew a few drops of blood and the man screamed from her work, and gasped against his thick bit gag.



She took the other needle and slid it in expertly on the other side of his open hole, so that the two needles were side by side and in close proximity. Then she connected two electrical leads, one on each needle,&nbsp; from a small generator nearby. 





To finish she took two much smaller needles with hooks on them, and shoved them down into the tenderest meat of his inner pisshole about a half inch on each side, and hung them on the other larger needles so that the current would tear down into the most exquisitely sensitive part of his penis.



He gagged and convulsed in pain as she did this, and she knew that she had found the right spot for maximum effect.



She also knew that the alcohol inside his hard dick was burning sharply, and as he sobbed and grunted in fear she took out a small bottle of turpentine and swabbed it all over his thick, hanging balls so that they were both well covered. This brought a squeal of pain from him as the cruel liquid began to soak into his tender scrotum.



Debbie was becoming very excited now, breathing heavily, and her, and Sandy's private odor became apparent as they became more aroused.



Sandy began to turn the dial on the voltage generator, and the man's body went rigid as she increased the current. He pulled violently&nbsp; against the thick straps, squealing in excruciating pain as the vicious electric flow tore at his tender opening. Sandy raised the voltage level to full power and a throaty,&nbsp; muffled,&nbsp; and continuous shriek tore from his mouth.



As the male caterwauled in unbearable pain Debbie and Sandy began to masturbate themselves, and reached their heads under the vibrating male and kissed ardently. 



"Ahhhh...ggghhh.....unnggggg.....ahhhhhh....aaaaaaaaaaaa..ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!"



His muffled howls faded and he went limp, hanging against the heavy restraining straps.



The two checked his vitals, and though his heart rate was irregular and rapid, he was essentially unharmed.



They went into their comfortable living room and flopped down on a luxurious couch on thick towels, and turned on the TV.



Sandy flipped channels and found a romance movie.



"He'll be a little while sugar", she said, smiling at Debbie, "we'll have another go pretty soon."&nbsp; They both poured a shot of whiskey, and downed it quickly, and dried their wet vaginal openings with small towels. 



"Got any ideas for this weekend for a humiliation encounter?", Debbie breathed, smelling her dampened towel.



Debbie looked up to Sandy like a big sister in some ways,&nbsp; but their love had taken off in a fiery passion, and they were bound together as life partners now, and the same perverted passions drove them sexually.



Sandy was dominant, but Debbie was a power too in their relationship, and they basically shared everything equally.



"Got an idea", Sandy, blinked, "let you know when I get it worked out."



"Cool!"&nbsp; 



The two relaxed for awhile, and then Sandy padded back into the makeshift operating room, torture area, to check the 'piece of meat', as she called their victims.



He was just coming around and the cardiac beeping increased in frequency as the pain overtook him again. 



"Hey girl!", Sandy called into the other room.



Debbie switched off the TV and joined Sandy quickly, smiling in satisfaction as she viewed the broken and quivering male body in front of them.



They sat beside their victim again, and prepared for the next round of intimate abuse.&nbsp; Debbie unclipped the electric leads from the needles and pulled them out, twisting them slightly as she did so. The male grunted and groaned, and she swabbed his sore pisshole with a powerful antiseptic and liquid astringent to stop the small amount of bleeding.



His urethral opening was swollen and bright red from the electric torment, but his dick still rock hard.&nbsp; He was squirming heavily from the pain gripping his balls, but could find no relief.



Sandy pinched his large jewels between her fingers and he yowled against his gag and bumped helplessly against the fixture. Then each of them took a nut and punished it cruelly as the man made strange squealing sounds under his bit gag.



Debbie reached behind her and retrieved a nasty little device and sat it under the man's privates. They plopped his large,&nbsp; sagging balls&nbsp; into the two special cups of the crusher, and sealed them in so that they could not fall out.&nbsp; It was a handy little device that they had discovered in their worldwide search for male torture equipment, and painfully kneaded a man's nuts from every direction, causing great pain, but no significant damage.



The victim would have sore gonads for a week or so, and that would be the end of it.



The process, however was extremely painful, and would bring an already destroyed man even more genital pain in addition to anything else that had been inflicted on him.



Sandy turned on the machine and several padded metal fingers began to pressure and pinch each nut, and the man let out a scream of agony as she set the dial on high.



He grunted and screeched as his balls were tenderized, and sweat poured from his body and soaked the leather straps.



They also brought out the 'pisshole fucker', a device that would force a long metal rod in and out of the urethra. They knew that the inside of his dick was already on fire, and that the inner stimulation would send him through the roof.



Debbie took a long swab and coated the tip with a special lubricant, and twisted it into his pisshole as she shoved it all the way up his fully erect cock.



He screeched again, and pulled violently back and forth against the fixture as the special lubricant was applied. The lubricated salve&nbsp; would also increase sensitivity greatly so that the inner pumping would be excruciating.



Sandy attached another small fixture under the man so that his penis would be held firmly in place. Next she put the pumping&nbsp; device under him and attached it so that the long metal rod was next to his swollen urethra.&nbsp; She brought the rod out slowly so that it was inserted into his cock, and gradually drove it in to full extension. His penis was now held firmly in place with the rod inside him.



He was crying all the time, blubbering against the impediments holding him, and when they turned the machine on he shrieked and babbled and jerked violently up and down.&nbsp; 



Now his balls were being crushed and crunched scientifically, as the cruel rod tortured his most intimate area, and he squealed with a shrill desperation as the agony was inflicted on him.



They could see the rod fucking in and out of his captured dick, and knew their victim was in excruciating pain now. They kissed passionately and fingered each other as their victim howled in unbearable torment.



Within a few minutes the male passed out again, and lay against the heavy restraints, sweating profusely, and raw friction marks were on his arms where the straps held him.



They released his balls and removed the pump device, and cleaned him off.



"Is that enough for you baby?", Sandy whispered to Debbie.



"Oh yes that should do it sweetie, I don't know how much more he could take anyway."



Sandy swabbed his arm and gave him a quick injection and swabbed again. This should knock him out for awhile and take some of the pain away when he wakes up.&nbsp; They carefully treated his wounds and gave him a thorough examination inside his urethra with a special viewing probe, and applied medicated cream all the way to the base of his penis for healing and pain relief. They washed his swollen nuts off to remove the irritant, and prepared him for travel.



"He's young, he's ok", said Debbie as they pulled the wheelchair up behind him.



They released him and flopped him down in the chair and laboriously dressed him again.&nbsp; Then they rolled him to his car and put him in the back seat and drove him back to the parking lot.&nbsp; 



They were in a more secluded area of the lot, and no one seemed to notice as the two finished their work.&nbsp; Sandy left a letter with him, containing medical instructions, (and no finger prints) as well as a small bottle of liquid pain killer and an antibiotic. Then she wrote on his forehead with lipstick....'D and S with kisses'.



They both touched his lips with theirs. 



"You poor thing!", Debbie smiled sarcastically, "now maybe you'll be a better man, and treat women the way they should be treated."



Sandy smiled derisively, "I think he got the point."



They returned to their van and drove off,&nbsp; and began to plan their next public torment event. Some unwary male out there would soon be another victim, and the poor fool had no concept of what was coming for him. Good thing, why worry about something until it happens to you?"



















WFTDS3





This story is intended as sexual entertainment for adults only











Wicked Femdom Tales: Debbie and Sandy-part 3





Sandy peered over the row of DVD's carefully, keeping an eye on the Adult Video door. Debbie was engrossed in a block of love stories nearby, and glanced furtively at short intervals in the same direction. She moved close to Sandy and talked in a low tone. The store was fairly busy and customers were milling about everywhere.



"Any possibilities yet?", she whispered.



Sandy read the cover of the container carefully. She spoke in that low but understandable tone that she and Debbie had developed over time.



"It's hard to get one alone, this might take awhile."&nbsp; 



Debbie fingered through several more DVD's.



She grinned mischievously at Sandy, moving closer to be heard clearly.



"The last one was almost perfect", she murmured, "he was so fucking scared shitless, he bawled like a baby."



"At least I got to try out my needle work on him, imagine, stitches where none were required."



Sandy turned slightly, her pale glossy lips twisted into a simulated grin. 



"Now there's an idea sugar puss....why not cut him first, then sew him up.&nbsp; Eeeeoooo.....that would sting!"



Debbie pursed her pretty lips in agreement, then bent over to examine a movie on the lower shelf, her cute ass sticking up seductively.



She stood again, and looked knowingly at Sandy.



"You like that honey babe?"



Sandy got closer...."Your little ass drives me nuts puss but we'd better stick to schedule.....ok?"



The thought had occurred more than once to Debbie that Sandy looked just like a movie star when she talked....someone right out of a B movie from the forties.



Sandy touched Debbie's arm....calling her to attention.



"Look.......this guy here.....where's he going?"



"What, that one?"



"Yes, brown slacks nice shoes."



"Hmmm, looks like a possible, he looks kinda meek don't he?"



Sandy glanced quickly to Debbie and smiled imperceptibly.&nbsp; 



"Like a real momma's boy."



Debbie held a video in her hand, keeping an eye on the door.



The man was about thirty, give or take, and was very nervous about going into an adult video room. He was sweating bullets, as a matter of fact, and glanced behind him and quickly opened the door and disappeared inside.



Sandy turned the video tape shell over in her hand feigning interest.



"Weren't there two in there before?", she murmured, "a guy and a woman."



Debbie was wearing tight bluejeans, and rubbed her leg near her crouch nervously. She continued the quiet conversation. She always became a bit heated in her genital region during a caper, and this was no exception.



Debbie touched Sandy's shoulder with hers..."I think so sweetheart, as near as I can tell."



"We'll wait, and be patient.....I hope this is not going to take awhile, like last time."



Debbie reached in front of Sandy and grabbed a video box, rubbing against the beautiful blonde's breast.



Sandy smiled , and took a deep breath instinctively.



"Easy baby, we don't want no gawkers do we?"



Debbie smiled and took her hand away, rummaging through several other cases.&nbsp;&nbsp; "Uh uh."



They waited for awhile, becoming very impatient, moving up and down the row, all the while keeping an eye on the adult door. Suddenly it opened, and the woman came out carrying one DVD, and within two minutes, the male came out, holding an armful.



Sandy glared at Debbie, putting down the DVD box rapidly.



"Fucking typical male!", she grunted. "Women are just sex objects, to be used!"



Debbie glanced at her gorgeous lover, and smirked lightly...."Got that right!"



Sandy quickly moved to the adult room with Debbie behind her, hoping desperately that no one would come in before them. Sandy opened the door swiftly, and whisked inside as Debbie adroitly slapped a closed sticker on the outside of the door. 



Once inside she took a door stop from her pocket and placed it, blocking the door. Their target was not visible now, and was apparently behind a second row of dirty movies, leering at the inventory.



They knew they would have to work rapidly, and had rehearsed their roles tirelessly, knowing exactly what to do. 



Sandy walked over to the row of movies, and around the other side. Debbie followed her, being careful to act as if she were busy looking over the DVD stores. 



The male hardly noticed them, and was bent over, engrossed in the study of a cocksucker movie container, glaring at the cum splattered face of a pretty porn star.



Sandy moved near him, and was smiling already.



"Gonna jack off tonight you fucking pervert?", she snickered.



He tore his head around in complete shock, shaking visibly, and with a look of horror on his face. He was handsome, and had a good body, but obviously had no respect for women, and probably could not even get a date.



"I'll bet you spend most of your time playing with herself don't you?"



She was grinning sarcastically at him now, her hand on the shelf looking at him inches away.



He was near passing out and could barely speak...."Oh...ah...oh....no I....I hardly ever rent them."



He was shaking so much he dropped the tape, and Sandy reached down, looking at him all the time, and picked it up. She looked carefully at the cover, and at him, pure revulsion on her face.



"You can't get a woman, so you need this!", she sneered.



He started to leave and Debbie moved in to block his way. She pulled a snub nose pistol from her jacket, and shoved it in his gut.



"You ain't going no where fuck face!"



He froze and stood rigidly, as though he had been freeze dried on the spot.



Debbie grabbed his throat tightly, as Sandy quickly pulled his hands behind him, and cuffed them.



He was making squeaking sounds now, so terrified he could barely stand.&nbsp; 



"I'll bet he sucks cock Sandy, what do you think?"



Sandy tested the cuffs to make sure they were secure.



"Sure looks like a cocksucker to me Deb",&nbsp; she said in her clipped tone.



"Please...oh please I..."



Sandy whirled him around and slapped his face hard, causing him to lose his senses for a moment.



"Shut your fucking mouth asshole....if you want to watch a dirty movie we'll show you how to do it!"



She deftly unbuckled his pants and pulled them down, and jerked his shorts to his ankles. 



He looked at Debbie in complete shock, and his eyes were wild&nbsp; with fear. 



Sandy reached into her pocket and pulled out a small, strange looking device. It was about half the size of a cigar, and had a metallic cap on the end.



She pulled his asscheeks apart, and slid it in deeply, and turned a knob on the end, locking it into place.&nbsp; Then she pulled his briefs&nbsp; and pants back up and buckled his belt, tucking his shirt in neatly.



She squeezed his mouth tightly, making his face scrunch into a grotesque mask of panic.



"Listen carefully, we don't have time for me to say it again..."



"I just put a small explosive device up your ass,&nbsp; and it is radio controlled by this remote."



She held up a small remote clicker, with a red button on it, and he looked at it in disbelief, and horror.



"If I push this button the device will explode. It is a little more powerful than a firecracker....nothing big, but can you imagine what it will do to your asshole."



He nodded desperately, sweating and sobbing in terror.



"Now....if you are a good boy, and do exactly as we say, without question, to the letter, you will come out of this alive and intact."



She always loved the look of stark horror on the face of her male victims, but truth is, she wound never harm anyone seriously on purpose. The victim never knew that, however, or also what could be done to a man without inflicting serious harm.



The device was real, nonetheless, but that was primarily for her's and Debbie's benefit, knowing that they actually had the power to do this to a man if they so chose.



Sandy quickly uncuffed the man, and he stood there petrified,&nbsp; hardly able to form words.



"Oh please...please...no...I'll do anything....please don't hurt me!!"



Sandy pulled on his hair...."You listen to me, very carefully.......you're going out to the customer&nbsp; counter, with this DVD, and you're going to check it out. We will be right behind you. After you check it out, you will say loudly to everyone in the room......"I'm going to have fun jacking off and eating my cum to this one, it's my favorite".



"No matter how humiliated you are, you will say exactly that, am I clear?"



"Do you believe I will push this button you fucking pervert?"



The man was nearly hysterical by now and nodded rapidly in absolute compliance.



"Yes...yes..oh please don't hurt me...oh please....."



Sandy slapped his face hard, and he came out of his panic.



She poked the DVD in his hand, and shoved him forward, and Debbie moved to the door, removed the doorstop, and looked carefully outside, then quickly removed the 'closed' sticker. 



There were two people viewing movies not far away, but usually people coming from the adult rooms were not stared at, most customers realizing that this was a potentially embarrassing situation that they themselves might experience on occasion.



Then Debbie walked quickly toward the front with their victim right behind her.&nbsp; He was wobbling noticeably, and Sandy hoped he would not be too freaked to check the DVD out.



He waited in line for a short time, and finally the pretty female counter person checked the movie, barely noticing the content.



She laid the nasty DVD on the counter, and looked at the man tolerantly, as he paid, a mischievous smile on her face. 



Sandy was right behind their victim, and grinned widely, speaking to the pretty young counter woman....



"Looks like someone is going to have fun tonight!", she said loudly.



The young woman laughed and looked at the poor man, as he stood there in stunned mortification.



The other women at the counter looked over in amusement, staring 

at the obscene DVD.



After he'd paid, he stood there ready to collapse, looking at Sandy.



She glared at him, and reached in her pocket and gripped the remote.

 

His voice was shrill, and pathetic, but he held the dirty movie up and yelled for everyone to hear...



"I'm going to have fun jacking off and eating my cum to this one!", he screeched, "it's my favorite!"



The counter girl looked at him in horror as did the other employees....



"Sir....we don't allow that kind of talk in here...after you return this movie you will not be welcome in here again."&nbsp; 



The waiting customers were laughing loudly, and a male manager came over, glaring at our poor victim.



"Don't come back again", he said angrily, "if you cause any disturbance I'll call the police!"



The man could not control his shaking, and stumbled blindly out the door as the crowd laughed at him.



He headed to his car and when they were out among the parked vehicles, Sandy, grabbed his shoulder...."Easy you fucking pervert, we're going this direction."



Debbie gripped his arm tightly and steered him to their van. They opened the door and he got in....sitting carefully behind the driver's seat, with Debbie beside him, holding the pistol in her hand.&nbsp; He was almost sobbing, and the desperation on his face was total.



Debbie cuffed his hands again, and Sandy drove rapidly out of the lot.



Sandy looked in the mirror at the fool behind her.



"Where do you live?", she frowned.



The man was beginning to compose himself and answered her dutifully, giving his address.



"How do we get there from here?", she glared, in a withering tone.



He gave her halting directions as she drove, and Debbie reached inside his pants and began playing with his penis.



Sandy was all business and gave not an ounce of sympathy as she directed the van down the street.



"Do you live alone asshole?"



"I...yes mam....I do."



Sandy laughed outloud...."Mam!,&nbsp; Did you fucking call me mam you fucking freak!"



He had a look of utter despair on his face.



"I'm sorry I didn't mean......"



Debbie and Sandy both laughed.



He was fully erect now,&nbsp; and Debbie gripped his large prick tightly. The bulge in his pants was becoming painful for him.



"When is the last time you had a piece of ass?", said Debbie, squeezing his balls tightly.



"I ah....well it was quite awhile....I ah, don't remember."



"Fuck I'll bet you've never had any pussy!"



She pulled her hand out and pinched his ear painfully...."Are you a fucking virgin you bastard?"



His erection was bulging awkwardly and he shifted around, trying not to&nbsp; disturb the explosive charge up his ass.



Debbie slapped his head and pinched harder. He yelped and squirmed uncomfortably.



"N...no....I....ah....sometimes I just like porn movies better."



"Do you jackoff everyday?", she piped, pulling his head around to look in his eyes.



"Ah...well.....yes I....."



"You pathetic bastard."



They were pulling into his driveway, and Sandy parked in the garage, got out, and closed the electric door.



She opened the door of the van and the man stepped out and nearly fell in the process.



The beautiful blonde grabbed his bulging crouch, causing him to gasp in pain.



Debbie was close behind them, and stood watching.



Sandy gripped his throat and balls tightly...."Are you married?", she said evenly.



"No....I....I never married."



"Good! now get your ass moving and let's go into your house."



They exited the garage and walked into a door leading to the inner dwelling...it was a nice place and very well kept.



When they were in the living room Sandy unbuckled his trousers and dropped them around his ankles, she pulled his shorts down also. Skillfully, she removed the device from his asshole and laid it on an end&nbsp; table. 



Then she motioned everyone back a bit, and pushed the button on the remote. The device exploded loudly, producing a large puff of smoke and acrid fumes. There was a large burn spot on the table surface.



He looked on in horror at the display, and his eyes clamped shut in relief.



"You see I was telling you the truth."



Sandy put the remote into a small case and shoved it into the larger equipment container.



She pushed him backwards onto the couch, and he flopped down awkwardly, his hands still bound behind.&nbsp; The women quickly pulled his shoes, socks, shorts, and pants off, and ripped off his shirt so that he lay naked before them.



Sandy then left to go back to the van. Debbie sat beside the frightened male and stroked his rock hard dick. 



"We're going to purge you of your guilt now, all those dirty movies and whacking your pecker off, and grunting when you cum. You need to learn proper respect for the women you've disgraced so often, and so shamefully. You're going to suffer for each time you spit your seed into your hand while you looked at a dirty movie."



The man was shaking from fear as well as the chill, and shifted uncomfortably as Debbie pinched his bouncing cock.



"Please don't hurt me!", he pleaded, please let me go and I won't tell anyone...please I promise!"



Debbie slapped him very hard several times.&nbsp; He was knocked a bit senseless, and fell back on the couch.



"You speak again without permission and I'll cut your balls off!"



He lay there in a semi conscious state, as Sandy came into the room.



She had a large suit case, and sat it on the floor.



She unlatched it quickly, and it fell open, revealing a vast&nbsp; assortment of strange looking sex devices, and a full complement of shiny stainless steel instruments.



The two women went back out to the van and carried in a sturdy wooden chair with flat metal fasteners attached to the bottom of the thick legs.



They sat the chair directly in front of the television, and Sandy brought out a large drill and attached a thick screw to the tip. She held the drill in position above a hole in a flat metal leg plate,&nbsp; and drilled it easily into the wooden surface below. When she'd finished all four legs the chair were tightly secured to the floor.



"What is your name?", Sandy asked quietly. 



Debbie squeezed his balls painfully and he groaned in pain, terror driving him so that he found it difficult to speak.



"J....John...please don't hurt me." He was sobbing now, begging for mercy.



Sandy looked quietly at him...."John, calm down, you're going to come out of this perfectly intact and alive, I promise you. We just have a few painful lessons that we must teach you."



They pulled him up to walk him over to the chair and he resisted, and Debbie pinched his nuts between her fingers until he screamed.



They finally managed to sit him down and strapped him in tightly, arms, hands, legs, chest, head, and ankles.



Sandy took a small jar from the large case and unscrewed the cap. Inside were bright red flakes, and she dipped out a teaspoonful, and held it to his lips.



Debbie gripped his swollen nuts tightly again...."Open your fucking mouth!", she wheezed.



He was so petrified that obeyed instantly, and looked at Sandy as she shoved the spoon into his oral cavity.



Sandy then slid a piece of duct tape over his mouth and pressed it down firmly.



His eyes burst wide open, and he jumped in agony, jerking around violently. 



"Ummmmm...ugghhh....ahhhh....upm....upm....argggggggg!"



His muffled screams were delightful to the girls, and they looked on with pleasure as he jerked around in pain.



Sandy gripped his jaws tightly, and looked into his watering eyes.



"Do you like hot peppers?", she laughed.



"Umphhgr..........aaahhhhrg.......ummmmmmmph!"



"I take that to mean you don't."



"Oh well, they're an acquired taste."



"These are flakes of the 'Wild Tepin' pepper John. Tepin is the hottest pepper in the world, several times hotter than any other."



"They grow in Northern Mexico, and are called 'Gringo Killers' by locals. You're going to share your pain with us John, we want to take you on a special journey that you will never forget."



He was lurching violently now, his eyes hot coals of agony.



We want you to think of the women you have disgraced by your lecherous habits. Debbie squeezed the base of his large penis so that it was rock hard and shiny red.



She was squirming in pleasure as she squeezed his pisshole until it was wide open.



Sandy bent down and kissed Debbie, as their poor victim twisted in agony.



Then she looked into John's pitiful eyes....



"John, John, try to calm down, another half hour and we'll be finished."



She took out a tiny seasoning spoon and dipped out a small portion of the fiery flakes. As Debbie held the raw pisshole open she dropped them in, and worked them down into his urethra with a shiny metal probe. 



He became even more animated as the terrible pepper flakes were inserted into his tender urinary channel, and when they had burned clear to the bottom of his penis his muffled shrieks filled the room.



The women stripped naked and kissed passionately, rolling on the thick carpet beneath the chair.&nbsp; The man was still grunting wildly, and Sandy took out the porn DVD and slipped it into the video player.



The two sat beside their unfortunate victim, as a pretty young woman in the movie performed oral sex on a huge cock.



Debbie's hairy pussy was sopping wet now, and she rubbed her clit forcefully as Sandy took out a device from the case. It was similar to a standard masturbation tube, but larger, and had an electric cord.



She smeared a clear gel all up and down his blood raw cock, and forced the tube downward on it roughly.



Then she plugged it into an electric outlet and watched his swollen eyes as she switched it on.



A powerful current tore through his large member, and John pulled&nbsp; violently against the restraints, a shrill and hoarse grunt escaping from his throat. He jerked a few more times and fell limp. Sandy turned the device off, and quickly checked his vitals. Her medical kit was nearby just in case. 



When she was satisfied that he was alright, the two women kissed passionately again, and slid into the sixty nine position, their faces buried in each other's hairy vaginal slits.



Debbie was in ecstasy, and kissed Sandy's wet pussy passionately. 



"Girl you taste so good!", she moaned, "mmmmm....can't get enough of you!"



They moaned loudly as they pleased one another, and Debbie's long tongue buried itself in Sandy's well formed anus. 



Within a few minutes the man came around again, and was crying under the gag, shaking uncontrollably from the severe pain.



They got up, and sat beside the chair as Sandy started the video show again. 



The porn starlet was sucking voraciously now, and the man snorted&nbsp; in pleasure as he neared orgasm. 



Their victim was wailing with intractable pain as Sandy turned on the current again, and a snapping sound indicated that electricity was once again tearing through John's tortured male fuck pole.



His body stiffened tightly against the thick restraints as a muffled shriek came from his nearly ruptured vocal cords, and Sandy moved the device rapidly up and down his penis, jacking him off as the beautiful porn star gulped down a thick load of seminal fluid.



Simultaneously, John groaned in agony-pleasure as he ejaculated, and pieces of hot pepper erupted from his pisshole propelled by a thick gusher of hot cum, and he jumped and made weird grunting sounds as his balls emptied out.



He continued jerking for a full minute, his eyes glazed with unthinkable pleasure-pain, and his face was sweating profusely, and the drainage from his nose had wet down his entire chest area.



Sandy and Debbie got very close to his face and spoke softly to him.



Sandy smoothed over his wet hair.



"You've learned a hard lesson haven't you John?"



He whined piteously and nodded his head up and down as he looked into her beautiful eyes.



"Are you going to be a good boy now?"



"Do you think watching a dirty movie makes you a man?"



He nodded his head back and forth, and pulled against the straps in anguish.



Debbie pulled out several of John's pubic hairs making him lurch upward violently.



"I think he's lying to us girl, maybe we should give him another taste."



Sandy looked into his eyes as he nodded his head violently back and forth.



"Women are not sex objects John, didn't your mother ever teach you that?"



He sat there shaking uncontrollably, and jerked in excruciating spasms of torment.&nbsp; He was in severe pain, and finally Sandy relented, swabbed his arm,&nbsp; and gave him a hypo, and he passed out quickly.



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The two women dressed, and released him,&nbsp; and dragged him back to the sofa, lying him down on his back. 



As Debbie removed the duct tape from his mouth, Sandy brought out her medical kit. She took a syringe with a long tube at the end and held his blood raw penis as she pushed it into his swollen urethra. She slowly washed out the interior of his tortured pecker, then she took a long cotton swab and applied a salve deep inside all the way to the base. Then she&nbsp; cleaned his genital area thoroughly.



Meanwhile Debbie took a suction device and removed all of the hot pepper flakes from his mouth, and smeared a thin layer of a special salve around his inner oral cavity. 



They left medical instructions for relief of pain and proper self care.



Then they removed the heavy duty screws from the chair leg mounts, and carried the wooden seat back out to the van along with the equipment case.



They came back in and Sandy checked John's vitals again.&nbsp; 



"He's good to go Deb, what a blast!"



She took her lipstick and left their D+S trademark on his forehead.



They kissed passionately, and Sandy caressed Debbie's hair as she held her. 



"I love you pretty girl....you and me are for keeps."



Deb looked deeply into Sandy's eyes and kissed her tenderly.



"Ummmm baby we got to do this again, maybe we'll find us a real macho man next time...wouldn't that be a kick!"



Sandy winked at her in agreement, and they left for the van.



A weekend's rest was in order, some quality relaxation time. No doubt about it.















































The following story is intended as sexual entertainment for adults only







Wicked Femdom Tales: Debbie and Sandy-part 4



Debbie and Sandy often enjoyed a night on the town, and their favorite hangout was a dance bar named 'The Main Thing'. It was frequented by singles mostly, and a fairly sophisticated crowd on examination, upwardly mobile young men and women who liked their booze and sex.



They both were bisexual, though the central purpose of their life was their own passionate and loving relationship. They considered that each of us had a right to pursue the unique&nbsp; passions within us, without censure from anyone else.



They often did hetero sex with chosen men, and were inseparable, even in this. They would choose a hot, and invariably submissive male, and insist upon a night at their home, and commanded the whole scene, intimidating the pliable victim with physical and psychological force. Both women were students of the martial arts as well as their nursing skills, and were not far from acquiring their black belt rank in jujitsu, and could apply various kinds of persuasive techniques anytime they wanted to. 



The submissive men usually became obedient after an angry confrontation by the two, and they enjoyed their prey for the rest of the evening with insensitive cruelty. This evening had been fruitful for them, and the man chosen was quite a hunk, and was informed that he must service both of them. Few men were able to resist their tender guidance once they had broken down the first barriers of resistance.



In this case the girls were strictly interested in hot, filthy sex, and not the usual forbidden activities that dominated most of their time. A good number of attractive men had escaped their torture chamber, without ever having been aware of it. Debbie and Sandy were probably the nastiest, most disgusting fuckmates that one might find, and when all was said and done, the unfortunate men enjoyed what would be the hottest, if&nbsp; most painful sex in their lifetime. 



---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------



Debbie kissed her dance partner in her sloppiest manner, and the flustered male was at a loss to know the proper way to react. 



"Oh wow girl, you're gonna make me blush!"&nbsp; 



He was about late twenties, and very handsome, and was obviously of a submissive nature. Deb decided to land this one, and raised her hand briefly at Sandy, who was dancing with another hot male not far away.



Sandy responded at once, knowing that Deb had found the type they were looking for.

She moved over and stood very close to Deb's new friend. He had short brown hair and wore casual clothing. She looked at him with that paralyzing stare of hers, and he seemed mesmerized by her. She whispered into his ear....



"I know you're a fucking mommies boy, and therefore you're going to do exactly as we say aren't you hot stuff?&nbsp; 



He stared at her in utter shock and disbelief, and moved back a bit, not certain as to what exactly he should do. They were knockouts, both of them, though a bit older than he usually dated.



"What are you......"



She glared at him and cut him off sharply......"Tell me your fucking name!"



"Why it's.....my name is.....A.....Albert."



Sandy and Debbie moved very close and Sandy grabbed the man's crouch and squeezed hard. He grunted and tried to pull away, but Sandy had him in a tight, embarrassing grip, and he grunted and scrunched up his face.



"Oh dam", he whispered, "I've got to tell you that hurts?"



Sandy looked dispassionately at him....."I want your fucking body Albert, and your self esteem, and everything else that belongs to you! You're going to come home with us for our entertainment aren't you."



He went blank for a moment,&nbsp; and his mouth fell open.&nbsp; 



Sandy squeezed harder....."Listen you chicken shit bastard, you're going to walk out of here with us, and we're going home where my friend and I are going to abuse you sexually all night long. Don't refuse us, and I mean it,&nbsp; or I'll find out where you live and come looking for you later, and I won't be so nice to you then. You wouldn't like me when I'm mad, I promise."



Albert had never been at ease talking to women, and had never been able to form meaningful relationships, and had been a fool in this respect for most of his life. Something about this stunning blond terrified him, and he stood looking dumbly at her, nodding his head up and down like a scolded schoolchild.



."How big is your pecker Al?"



The three were standing at the edge of the crowd, and the floor was filled with gyrating dancers, driven by the unique sound of a new wave disco beat.



Albert looked at her with a perplexed smile on his face, and swallowed hard.



"I......I don't usually mention that to women when I first m......"



Sandy pinched his nuts so hard he nearly doubled over. They were in the shadows so that no one really noticed. Debbie grabbed his ass and gripped his butt cheeks at the same time. 



"You do what we say cocksucker, you got that?"



He stiffened, and looked down at the floor.



"Answer me you fuck!" 



Sandy was becoming impatient now and Albert got the message fast....Sandy was deeply intimidating to most males, and especially to a submissive male.



"I have....I have ten inches, uncut."



Sandy brightened noticeably, and smiled in the slightest way.



"You're fucking kidding me Al baby.....ten fucking inches uncut?"



Albert looked at her meekly, realizing that he was once again in that pit of subservience that he had occupied most of his life.



Deb pulled his face back a bit and looked around into his eyes.



"This asshole is telling the truth Sandy, we fucking hit the jackpot."



Sandy loosened her grip a bit on his nuts and spoke to him as a nanny would to a child. "Albert sweetheart....when was the last time you fucked a woman?"



He looked at Deb briefly, and then down at the darkened floor.



"Well I....it's been two years."



Both Sandy and Deb laughed outloud as several women stared at them, and Sandy repeated the embarrassing tidbit of humiliation loud enough for all to hear.



"You haven't had a piece of ass in two years?"



Sandy and Debbie laughed and fluffed his hair with their hands.



Sandy shoved the humiliated Albert hard toward the exit, and pushed him forward as Deb followed close behind.



He seemed in shock and the submissive and needful part of him kicked in, and he went with them without further intimidation. 



They left the noise of the club and walked to their car with Albert in tow.



He stopped briefly.....his inner alarm apparently activated, and spoke haltingly to them.



"I....I really don't want to go anywhere n..now, I've got to get up early tomorrow, but I'm flattered that you......whack!!!"



Sandy slapped him on the back of the head so hard that he stumbled, and nearly fell. It seemed to knock the sense out of him briefly, and luckily no one was around as Debbie opened the rear door Sandy shoved him into the back seat.



He lay back staring numbly at them, and when Deb slid in beside him, he merely looked at her in amazement. Deb slapped his face several times very hard, and he became semi conscious. His face was bright red from the beating, and he lay there not quite in possession of his senses. As Sandy drove off, Deb secured his hands behind him, and fastened a blinder over his eyes so that he could see nothing.



Twenty minutes later they arrived home, and pulled Albert unceremoniously from the car. They walked him into the house and into the sex room, and untied him, and shoved him down onto the large bed. Albert lay there in a stupor of shock, and as they stripped him off he gave no resistance. 



Their obscenely equipped sex room was separated from the rest of the house, and far from their torture room which was on the other side and downstairs. They wanted&nbsp; merely to abuse him sexually, and enjoy their abhorrent carnal needs at his expense. 



Both of the women were desperately horny, and determined that they would use this bastard like a condom and discard him. He would not, however, suffer their heavy tortures on this occasion....that is, unless he became uncooperative.



The women stripped off and their hairy vaginal entrances glistened with pussy juice. The odor was pungent and startling to Albert.



They grabbed his wrists, and pulled them roughly to the upper corners of the thick, steel framed bed. They cuffed him to the heavy metal frame, and did the same with his ankles. He was completely spread eagled now, and at their mercy in a way that was dreadful to him.



Deb grabbed a hypodermic and filled it from a vial nearby. She flicked the tip, knocking a drop off, and swabbed Albert's arm before jabbing the needle in hard.



Albert jumped and yelled from the pain, and tried to pull away. This was a serious mistake, and Sandy quickly punched him in the face and he lay there quivering. 



"Don't you dare resist you piece of shit....you'll do exactly as we command without hesitation."



After Deb had injected the large amount of fluid into his arm, she put the syringe back down and waited. In a few moments Albert had come to life, and he was apparently in the throes of some kind of sexual frenzy. He was breathing heavily, and his pisshole drained fluid copiously onto his pubic hair.

&nbsp; 

Albert's massive cock sprang to life, and stood out like a long sausage, bobbing up and down, and dripping cum. They flopped down beside him and Sandy grabbed his large balls roughly, kneading them between her fingers. He said nothing, but lay there&nbsp; in a submissive trance.



Sandy grabbed his penis tightly and pulled upward. "Raise your ass up high....now!"



"I said high you bastard!"&nbsp;&nbsp; Deb slapped him.



Sandy quickly slid a lubricated vibrator up his butt to the hilt, and flopped him down again, and he tried unsuccessfully to raise himself off the sheets to avoid the insistent vibration of the powerful device.



Deb stroked his huge pecker up and down and smacked it hard with her fingers, making it flip completely to one side.&nbsp; Albert screamed in pain, and pulled involuntarily against the cold steel of the handcuffs. 



Sandy straddled him and mounted him, positioning herself over his enormous prick. She lowered her marvelous body downward, and slid his long hard penis into her surprisingly tight cunt.&nbsp; 



He groaned as Sandy used him, and displayed the servility that was so familiar to him.



Sandy fucked downward roughly, making a strange squishing sound in the process. Her mature and nasty cunt was running with a thick smelly syrup that oozed down Albert's pecker as she began to fuck him. 



She arched her back and force fucked him in the most obscene way possible, and Albert nearly lost his nuts then as she used him. She pulled off again and sat back as Deb placed a special cock ring around the base of his huge dick. This made his gargantuan member even harder, and it bounced up and down as he grimaced in pain.



Then she took out a long cotton swab and coated the end with a thick paste. She slowly inserted the swab down into his amazing prick, and he yelled in pain as the cruel probe tortured his inner tissues. He was grunting and sweating by now, but in a few minutes the pain began to leave, and he went into a unique kind of pleasure mode, unknown to him in his experience.



The pleasure was so intense that his balls jerked involuntarily, in a vain attempt to empty out, and the back pressure made him yell in pain. His huge nuts were swollen to bursting, and Deb expertly massaged them, making sure his pleasure was punctuated by pain. The head of his immense pecker was hard and shiny, and very near bursting.



Sandy resumed her superior fuck position on Albert's massive sex pole, and slid roughly down again, and pushed her swollen cunt lips hard against his pubic hair. She began to fuck him hard, undulating her incredible body in a most disgusting way, and he once again tried to pop his load, but was unable to, despite serious pain, and yelled again as Sandy screwed him unmercifully.



Deb had to take a shit and went to the bathroom which was nearby. As Sandy force fucked the unfortunate man, Debbie sat and watched eagerly. She knew that she had something for Albert also, but it wasn't fucking. She planned on getting her cookies another way.



She farted and several splashes gave evidence to her efforts, and when finished she wiped very lightly and briefly so that most of her odorous stain would be left intact for Albert. She flushed and went back to the bed. 



Sandy was in the throes of lust as she pounded her wonderful hips up and down on the gasping Albert, and her large perfect titties flopped up and down erotically. He screamed as he tried to ejaculate again, but was unable to expel his huge load of semen. His balls were so large and swollen that they were turning blue, and the girls knew they must release his load soon.



Sandy slapped poor Albert hard several times as she fucked him, making him squeal sharply, and his face was bright red, and the sweat poured from him.



The strange feeling of being blindfolded while being abused was overpowering to Albert, and he experienced a special kind of shame as he lay there.



Deb squatted over his mouth and lowered herself down, forcing her rancid asshole over his nose, cutting off his air.



Albert sputtered and gasped for breath, and tried to cum once more, and screamed as the thick feces stain entered his mouth and nasal cavity.



"Eat my shit you son of a bitch.....eat my stinking fucking crap or I'll cut your balls off!"



Albert was fighting for his life now, and knew that he must do exactly as he was told or face an uncertain outcome in this astonishing situation.



He retched and began to lick Debbie's well formed butthole, and a look of satisfaction spread across her face as Albert cleaned off the disgusting fecal cream.



He tried to vomit, but was unable to, and continued removing the sickening crap accumulation inside Deb's deep, musky farthole.



Sandy pulled the grunting Debbie to her and they kissed long and passionately, looking deeply into each other's eyes.



Sandy was intensely horny, and kissed Deb's face and cheeks as she fucked her male plaything.



"Oh baby", she groaned, "I fucking love you!"



Debbie moaned loudly and looked longingly into her lover's eyes....



"Ummmm....my darling sugar babe, I love you too!"



Debbie was so hot she began to excrete a pungent vaginal emission over Albert's lips, and he gagged and tried desperately to swallow it along with the putrid shit.



He retched and heaved once again, but found that he could not vomit.



Deb and Sandy sucked each other's tongues, and exchanged saliva as they neared orgasm. 



Debbie was grinding her fetid cunt and asshole over the helpless Albert's mouth, and his whole head and face was a brown bubbly mass of thick, grungy paste. He gulped down what he could between retching attempts, and when Debbie and Sandy orgasmed together, he received a massive load of cunt sewage over his balls from Sandy, and into his oral cavity from Deb.



He struggled desperately as he swallowed the astounding mess, and was so sick to his stomach that he knew he would not be able to eat normal food for some time to come.



Deb then turned around and placed her ureter over his mouth and cut lose with a hot steaming gusher of warm piss.



"Drink every fucking drop you lowlife bastard, and don't let any get on the bed!"



Albert was a limpid pool of misery by now, and he opened his lips widely, gulping a mouthful of the salty urine. He just kept his stinking mouth wide open, and swallowed as the steaming piss splattered into his trapped oral cavity, being careful not to let any dribble any onto the bed.



Finally the girls fell off poor Albert's body, and sat beside him tormenting his raw, swollen prick and balls.



Sandy twisted his pisshole&nbsp; tightly, and Albert screamed in pain.



"Hey Deb let's see what this stupid fuck has in his balls."



Sandy began to masturbate Albert painfully as she grunted in sarcastic lust,&nbsp; and as he screamed,&nbsp; Debbie pulled hairs out of his scrotum.



Deb quickly grabbed a rubber and slid it partway down over his thick cockhead, and within a short time Albert howled insanely, and jerked so hard that he spit out some of the brown gooey shit offal still in his mouth. 



His massive pecker spurted a thick gusher of boiling seminal fluid into the condom, and it began to fill,&nbsp; so that it bulged upward and began to enlarge from the massive amount of ejaculate.



Albert screamed again and again as he pumped his hips upward violently, and his incredible dick squirted a thick mass of his sperm laden reproductive fluid with each violent jerk.



Deb held the rapidly filling rubber so that it could accommodate his huge load, and soon it was near bursting as he lay there quivering, thin streamers of semen oozing down around his bruised cock and nuts.



She slowly lifted the engorged condom off his raw, swollen penis, and pinched the tip to hold the contents in.



Albert lay there shaking violently,&nbsp; pussy juice and crap dribbling from his mouth.



Sandy held his head firmly and slapped him hard, and spit in his face.



"You're not done yet you pathetic piece of shit, you're going to drink your cum, and you're going to swallow all of it."



Sandy pulled a long needle out of a drawer nearby, and swabbed Albert's&nbsp; nipples with alcohol. He was trembling noticeably now, and jumped in shock as the coolness hardened them.



Deb held the greatly enlarged condom over his mouth and grinned slyly.



"Open wide Al....you made the mess and now you've got to take care of it."



Albert was breathing heavily now,&nbsp; and his limp penis lay over his tortured balls.



He opened his mouth widely, and his tongue came out,&nbsp; and he resigned himself to his chore.



Sandy jabbed a needle lightly into the tip of one of his nipples, just enough to cause Albert to yelp in pain and surprise.



"Feed him girl!' she grunted.



Deb released pressure on the tip of the bloated rubber and a streamer of semen poured into Albert's mouth. A gusher of disgusting cum poured out, and Albert gulped a thick glob of his own reproductive fluid. Once again he retched, but managed to swallow the salty goo, and as he swallowed each mouthful, he pinched his face into a grotesque caricature of repugnance, and the two perverted women watched him closely, enjoying his disgust.&nbsp;&nbsp; 



Deb shook the rubber and splattered drops over Albert's face as the last of it was expelled.



"Good boy!", said Sandy as she lightly jabbed his nipples with the sharp needle.



Albert jerked in pain as she went back and forth, stinging his tender flesh, and finally she tired of her fun, and decided to let him off easy. Albert had no idea how close he had come to intractable pain at the hands of these two women, having no conception that the mild mistreatment he had received so far was in fact trivial compared to what could have been.



Debbie got up and went into the bathroom to clean herself off, and Sandy wiped her soggy vagina with a towel.



They checked his vitals carefully, cleaned him off,&nbsp; and took him cuffed and naked, and still blindfolded to the car. Deb carried his clothing in a bag. He was in shock, and they shoved him in the back seat on a surface cover. Deb sat with him in the rear, and they took him back to the nightclub where they had picked him up. They found a deserted area and shoved him out onto the asphalt parking lot. He stumbled and fell, and lay there in a heap, moaning strangely, still exhausted and in shock.



Deb wrote their lipstick logo on his forehead, and got into the front with Sandy, and bent over and kissed her briefly as they drove off.



"That was fun baby.....I just love to make a man eat my crapola!"



Sandy looked at her lover and smiled lightly.



"He's a pathetic bastard ain't he sweetness.....nice cock and nice fucking though, I got to say. Dam!,&nbsp; I like cock almost as much as cunt."



Deb grinned widely at her lover....



"Me too mama.....now let's go home and get a snack and watch a good movie."



------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------



Another victim bites the dust and the girls are becoming more bold as time goes by.

Ah, the vagaries of their unbridled lust!



Just be careful men, check that dark parking garage carefully before you get into your car......beware of that one night stand with two beautiful and overbearing women......because Debbie and Sandy are out there, watching and waiting, and biding their time.



Will you be their next victim?



Be careful, be very careful!!!



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Aceith


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





