BDSM Library - A Victorian Pony Girl




A Victorian Pony Girl
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Fanny persuades her sister May that being a Pony Girl in London is a good career choice but May becomes a Yorkshire Pony Girl something rather different.






Sweat glistened in the candlelight. dripping from her forehead onto her breasts and on again to the floor, she breathed the musky odour of coal dust and sweat and heaved again at the tram with half a ton of coal she had to drag back to the pit shaft.

Her harness chafed but she was proud and would not be beaten and slowly she dragged her load to its destination.

"That's it pet, all done for now, till night shift come on, get thee head down lass, and her trainer Ernie Shuttleworth, led her to her stall.

She had her own stall with fresh straw changed every fortnight without fail, and she often got to sleep for three or four full hours between shifts, but it was warm, underground, constant temperature, no fog, no rain, dry and warm, utopia to a Yorkshire lass.

She had run away from home when her first born was delivered one night, her mam thought she were putting on weight, but thought it were school meals, in fact it were school master giving her extra curricular, normally up the ass but on this one occasion he missed and found somewhere eve more accommodating wherein to broadcast his seed, and the ground was fertile and in due course came forward her newborn.

He mam spent all one Thursday down Hexam market and still only got five bob for the bairn, "Don't thee get any more bairns else thee might have to keep and feed them now think on, the ass hole 'ent just for sitting on, make them squirt thee up there if the wont tek em int gob" was her mother's helpful advice, but that Monday her big sister Fanny came back with tales of London, how she was working as a courtesan in a bordello and how men would pay two and sixpence for a single fornication if she was dressed in the outfit of a Pony.

May did not like the idea of fornication, she did not know what it was, she liked fucking of course, but no she would not stoop so low, or lie down for that matter as to fornicate.

"Can I be a Ponygirl Dad?" she asked at supper.

"Dangerous work lass," he cautioned, "But brass is good, look don't tell thee mother and I'll set it up for thee."

She were doing Mathematics in school room on Thursday just before snap time when Ernie Shuttleworth came for her, 

"Thee dad signed papers so thee is to come with us" he suggested and she left her slate and chalk and childhood behind and followed Ernie.

They walked over the beautiful Saddleworth Moor gazing at the Saddleworth number two tip which reared towards the sky like the volcanoes in geography book except it were black and there were no snow on it, and on down Saddleworth high street where pit entrance stood between Bots the Alchemist, and Markson - Spencer the solicitors.

Ernie led the way, "There's pit head baths, the gets a bath Christmas eve before Christmas holiday." and they stopped at shaft where Shaft Captain checked her papers.

"May, fucking dead cert more like eh Ernie, bet you sampled her on Moor you old goat."

Ernie knew he had forgot something, but it was too late to take her back and shag her now.

"Thats fine" said the captain and grabbed her by the neck as she went to step into the shaft.&nbsp; "wait for bloody tram, that's a fucking mile drop down there."

May pissed herself at the thought.

The tram arrived and they descended into the bowels of the earth, down, down, down the went, and down again, till they were right down, down at the bottom of the shaft.

Ernie led her to the "Stables" this will be your place, if you get yer kit off I'll get a harness sorted.

May quickly undressed, slipping her simple robe over her head to stand naked in the candlelight.

"Right, this goes here," Ernie wrapped a thick wide leather belt around her waist, 

"And this goes over yer head"&nbsp; Ernie produced a strange array of straps and buckles to fit around&nbsp; her head, like a bridle, he produced a metal bar. "this is the bit, so as we can let thee know when to stop it goes here." he lipped it into her mouth, the rust grating on her tongue.&nbsp; "Fuck, wont fit" he said.

"Hold up, open thee gob."

She opened her mouth showing her full set of yellow teeth,

"Agghhh" she squealed, as Ernie ripped out her back tooth with his pliers, and "Arrgggh" as he ripped the one the oher side out as well.

"Whad thoo doin" she asked as the blood trickled down her throat.

Ernie tried the bit again and it fitted nice, clamping down on her tongue and stopping her stupid questions.

"Hows that lass, gee thee looks champion."

She blushed, she was not used to such sweet small talk so she opened her legs wide in case he wanted a fuck or something.

Ernie looked at her feet and removed her street clogs and lashed Pit clogs, with proper nails for grip, on to her feet. she thought she would sit down for a bit if Ernie did not want a fuck just now.

But Ernie had other ideas and he quickly hitched her to a tram, then led her to the shaft and&nbsp; said to follow another girl who had just set off down, she slipped and slithered but it was warm and dry, it was always cold and wet up top, she loved the warmth and knew she would like being a Ponygirl.

Lads at pit face were too busy to waste time fucking so she strained to move the half ton (0.495 tonne) tram up the slight slope.

She did three round trips before Ernie took her off the tram, bent her over and fucked her pretty little Ass, she was disappointed that he did not fuck her sooner, but his stiff old prick made it all seem right. Ernie told her how he and her Grandad had been in same class at school right up until they left at eight, a big change to leaving at twelve like them did now.

Ernie was impressed by May's speed and stamina, and before she had finished her fifth trip he had whittled a plug from a busted pit prop to shove up her cunt to stop her getting a baby.

He shoved it up her between trips holding it in with strap round her crotch.

Her sixth trip was torture for her, the plug inflamed her, cunt juice ran down her leg and made her clog slip on coal dust on floor and her kept having orgasms and bumping into things, and when she got back in the end strap got in way when he tried to fuck her ass, and she couldn't have a piss properly.

He chucked it away in disgust as she squatted and blasted a bladder full of wee all over floor.

Shift ended and Stan Hardcastle took on. He gave May a few slaps with the whip and she kicked him in bollocks with her clog and they came to an understanding, he left the whip alone, except after a couple of trips he stuck the whip handle up her cunt and&nbsp; wanked it around, bit or no bit they reckoned thy could hear her in Blackpool she enjoyed it so much, and then Stan let her rest, a nice bucket of oats and a few Jars of Newcastle extra strong black fortified ale, were laid out and all the girls met up, some young, some old, but they all tucked greedily into the food and drink.

The world slowly turned crimson and green, Stan saw her confusion. "We put a few poppy seeds in for flavour." he explained.

May did not care she was floating with the Fairy's on cloud sixteen B, a cock would be nice she decided but all the other girls had the same idea lying back displaying their cunts, or in Amelia's case their ass hole, but she was in luck, shift was ending and there was a man for each, more than enough, she had five, Stan called her a greedy cow, but she thought that was not fair, he mother often had twelve or more on a Saturday Teatime and she lost count of how many at night, but at a penny each she needed to do quite a few to pay the the ten bob a week rent.

May slept soundly that shift end, three whole hours and realised she had found true happiness, warm, dry, fucked whenever she wants, and no bath, she bloody hated having a bath, the carbolic soap always gave her thrush.

May settled into the routine, pull, fuck, eat, sleep and soon she was pregnant again, the kid in her belly made pulling hard and then suddenly her waters broke and she had kid halfway down shaft, her Mam came for babby and they flogged her to some rich bitch who was too tuck up or frigid to fuck, for eight and sixpence, and May's mother spent it on beer and betting on Blayon Races and got knocked over by tram on way home.

They gave May time off for funeral but she could not be fucking bothered so she screwed the foreman as the coffin was lowered.

Fanny came to see her, they let her down shaft, to find May.

"Bloody hell" said Fanny, seeing May for the first time in her harness, "where them tits come from, thee were flat chested last time."

May looked back sadly, her hair now down to her waist. full of coal dust and spunk, she wished Fanny would fuck off. 

"Fuck me you got a cushy number."

"I bet you ent had a bath for weeks, I has loads of baths and the carbolic soap gives me thrush."

May nodded agreement, and as the hooter sounded she grabbed Fanny and hoisted her skirt over her head and pulled her bloomers down then held her so lads could see waht was on offer.

The Lads queued up to sample Fanny's pale pink ass and when the last had finished Fanny knew what she had to do.

"Got a harness for me" she bellowed stripping off and Old Ernie soon had her tacked up. the two sisters now in adjoining stalls in the warm and dry stable, and lets face it there are precious few warm and dry places in Yorkshire, and even fewer where you can get fucked for free as often as you want.














 Victorian Pony Girl part 2
Dramatic changes await May Saddleworth as the Pony Girl becomes a woman.

May woke with a blinding headache. The Tunnel was dark and dusty, she lay in the filth, a great weight holding her down, she realised she must have fallen and the tram had run over her leg.
She heard voices. "Get a fucking move on, you're blocking tunnel."
May replied groggily "I went ass over tit, Give us hand."
Soon Ernie Shuttleworth grabbed her and dragged her free. "You bashed your head, It's no good you can't carry on."
May sobbed, she loved the warm dry pit, and the men fucking her as they came off shift, she was worried about losing her baby, but suddenly she realised it was her height not her girth which threatened her idyllic existence.
Ernie grabbed her round the waist and together they dragged the half ton tram to the shaft, then Ernie led her to her stall,
He looked down on her, all black with coal, her leg bleeding and blood oozing among her hair, her body glistening with sweat like a thoroughbred, why had she grown so he wondered, her sister was three inches shorter, then he remembered her mother, an realised they would have had different fathers.
He undid his belt.
"No Ernie" she said.
"What's up lass, I never knowed you say no afore?"

"The baby, I'm losing the baby, Look."
The perfectly formed lifeless body dropped to the floor, Ernie grabbed it and put it in a rag before the rats got hold of it.
"You're too tall lass, it's no good."
She cried, what future did she have now, as tall or taller than most men and stronger, yet thin and lithe like a racehorse, how would she stay fit, she would most like become bloated and useless like her mother, lying in bed sleeping or being fucked all day, she sobbed and cried at the cruel twist of Fate.
Yet the fates were being kind to her, and on the very day she took the tram to the surface, they struck methane and the shaft where she worked for so long blew up and collapsed.
But let us remember that on the other side of the Class divide things were very different.
Young Harry Clegginbottom, Second Baron Acheron of Grimsdyke, was taking his morning bath.
"Look Nanny look" Harry shouted as a blob of spunk whistled past her ear and splattered against the bog house door.
"Harry you filthy boy," smiled Nanny, she had carefully nurtured Harry from birth into the fine upstanding member of the Aristocracy he would officially become when he became an adult.
Harry smiled, he wished he could be a woman like nanny, she always scolded him when his appendage became hard or he did a wee standing up, Nanny promised him that she would get a surgeon to remove the silly little floppy pink tube, so he could be a nice girl, but for now ......
Nanny had grown from a frustrated horny twenty five year old into a frustrated mean spirited bitch over the years since Harry was born, she had taken the wheel pin from Harry's father's carriage which caused it to crash killing him, and had extended her influence to dominate the whole household, extending her employment beyond the norm and arranging for Harry to be tutored at home to avoid the unpleasantness of public school.
Nanny carefully tied Harry's prick down with pretty pink ribbons and helped him dress in his favourite pink camiknickers and then laced his corset, before pulling on his skin tight riding breeches, she smiled at the smooth line of his crotch, as smooth as any girls and thought of&nbsp; him being shafted up the ass by a lusty farm hand.
How she wished she could drop her guard and her knickers and allow a lusty farm hand to take her ass, but sadly that could not be and she had to make do with Wellington, Harry's Labrador retriever.
Harry's family fortune was founded on coal and as he finished dressing the Colliery hooter started wailing, 
"There's trouble at pit, Nanny," he cried, I think I'll trot along and take a shuftie."
"No, you have a friend coming later." Cried Nanny, "You stay or I'll tan your ass."
He thought a second, Laid across Nanny's, lap trousers down inhaling her sweet sweaty odour, why did she consider it a punishment when it was so enjoyable?"
"No I shall go," he insisted and ordered the Carriage.
Hardington the Coachman was not happy, "It's quicker to fucking walk" he moaned as he tried to catch the family's horses to attach them to the Carriage.
And so it was that May was abandoned at the pit head as all rushed around like headless chickens panicking about the loss of coal output.
Harry stepped from the carriage the dirt seeping immediately in to his white shoes, "I say" he said but everyone was too busy, he wandered towards the pit shaft, suddenly he stopped short, there before him a creature of such beauty as he had never seen before, her skin the colour of coal, her leg muscles like a racehorse or greyhound and below an obscenely bright pink cunt where the piss had washed away the coal dust.
Harry stumbled his crotch as if on fire, his prick being torn right from him or so it seemed, as it strained against the ribbons.
May spotted his discomfort, yet such a smooth fluffy dazzling white and claret apparition seemed more an angel than human and she rushed to it aide,
Harry was no longer dazzling white as he fell on his back writhing. "Agggghhhh"
"What's up love, have you got splinters off the pit prop." she asked as she walked towards him.
She leaned over him, her bare perfect breasts inches from his lips. He could only point at his crotch and she undid the buttons down each side then opened the front flap to reveal pink camiknickers, then she explored beneath but instead of a bit of pit prop found something warm and pink.
"Bloody hell, you are one of them shirt lifters."
"Please." he wailed.
She undid one ribbon then another then the last and his prick sprang free.
"Oh god, thank you,"
"Best check it out," she said marvelling at its Pinkness and cleanliness, she held herself open and sank down.
"Oh, that's champion." she said.
"What are you doing?" Harry asked.
"Fucking you of course." she replied.
"Oh god, my appendage feels like it may," Agghhhh, there was a long pause. "Explode." 
She climbed off him, the sweat washing great areas of her back clean.
She helped Harry to his feet in time to see mine overseer commandeer his horses to take dead to Saddleworth peat bogs so they could be buried easy and cheap.
"Dash it I must get home." he whined.
May saw her chance.&nbsp; "I'll pull it," and she rushed to grab the harness and was soon trotting easily through the rain, as the villagers turned away or pissed themselves laughing as she trotted past, naked women pulling carts being not usual sight round Yorkshire at that time.
Nanny was aghast and when Harry invited May in for a drink of water Nanny blocked the way. "No, she must not enter." cried Nanny, but May picked her up and chucked her bodily into the scullery and slammed the door behind her.
"How's thee prick now." she asked, unbuttoning Harry again, it sprang free, 
She held it gently "Oh it's gorgeous,"
"It's not usually that big" Harry confessed, as May continued to undress him.
"Stick it in me again," May invited.
"Better not." Harry protested as May grabbed his long hair and grabbed him to her.
"Either you stick it in me or I rip it out by the root and stick it in one of those jars" cooed May seductively as she lay back revealing her matted pubic hair and the bright pink irresistible slot which lead straight to heaven.
"All right but Nanny will be cross," said Harry as he knelt before her and allowed her to guide him within her once more.
"Who is strongest, Nanny or Me." May asked.
"You," 
"So I'm in charge now, is that clear."
"Yes."
The Door opened, an elegant lady entered, "Harry what...."
"Fuck off we are having it off" cooed May.
"Yes fuck off mother, I own this is quite agreeable,"
"Yes, all right, I shall leave you two love birds, but a bed is much more nicer," agreed his mother, she had despaired of his effeminate ways but now it seemed he had seen the light. Their passion continued but then the kitchen door was opening once again.
May heard a muffled click she looked round to see the muzzel of a flintlock gun inches from her head and Harry's mother glaring at her. "Carry on but we need a little talk."
Harry stopped his exertions and pulled out, shaking with fear,
"Get that leather harness off now girl, she ordered," 
May laid her only clothing aside,
"And walk through here" she motioned towards the yard, and indicated the water trough, May climbed in, and suddenly Nanny had appeared and was holding May's head underwater, 
"Clean not dead you daft bitch," cried Harry's mother as she ordered Tomlinson the Butler to administer the soap. "Try a different bit I am sure her cunt is clean by now," she instructed some half of an hour later as May lay back lazily enjoying the attention.
"Get out now," She ordered, "and Nanny, Dry her."&nbsp; 
Nanny looked crestfallen being ordered about, but as ordered she started to dry May.
"You are fucking jealous," May observed kindly. "I bet you're a fucking Virgin."
"Of course I am&nbsp; a virgin, I am a Gentlewoman not a whore." said Nanny.
"You poor bitch" said May sympathetically.
Harry's mother was watching, "That's enough. now upstairs, she prodded May with the gun and she walked towards the staircase, they climbed then May was ordered to open a blue door which led to a beautifully appointed bedroom.
"Sit," she ordered. May looked at her.
"Safety catch is on," May observed.
"Actually it's broken, but no matter, you seduced my son, you beat Nanny into submission, you strut around naked without a care."
"So."
"So Welcome, you seduced him, you must do the honourable thing."
"What, that's bollocks, is that." cried May.
"Marriage or brains blown out, your choice."
"Can I think about it?" asked May. The trigger finger flinched. "all right." she agreed.
"Good, then you can start&nbsp; calling me Mother and start wearing clothes."
She strolled to the window and carefully took aim and as the old gun fired it winged a pigeon sending it fluttering earthwards,&nbsp; "It was loaded" she confirmed smiling.



















Stan Hardcastle&nbsp; Ernie Shuttleworth 









 Victorian Pony Girl part 3
Nanny and Marjorie see the future lies with Pony Girl s
Harry, Second Baron Acheron of Grimsdyke, stood transfixed, "Mother, what have you done,"
A vision in White stood before him, long limbed slim, but entirely clothed in white silk, His mother Marjorie Lady Acheron soon to be the Dowager Lady Acheron explained.&nbsp; "It's May, I lent her some clothes, I feel you can have no qualms about her suitability now, and even if you do not I do not care, you will marry her and provide an heir." her voice became more strident, "Do you hear me?"
He looked relieved, "Oh, gosh, sorry, I didn't recognise you with clothes on."
"May tells me she has had children already and lucky you, she has had no one but you since she lost the last one."
"Children, before?" He stammered.
"Yes children, little people that cry. children, her mother sold them at Heaton Market so we can do the same if you have a girl first off."
Even May was shocked to find her mother in law was such a heartless cow.
"I was sold, my mummy was too frigid to fuck daddy so they bought me from a young wench in the Dog and Duck in Digbeth." Lady Acheron explained, "Then they beat&nbsp; me until I became accomplished at etiquette and the pianoforte and I married very well, as you see."
"Well I hope you are my real mother," Harry enquired.
"Oh yes, dear that's why you are such a useless prat like your late father."
"Mummy, what has got in to you?"
"I just realised if I get you married off, I am free to remarry myself."
Harry stared open mouthed, his whole life collapsing round him yet the prospect of screwing May again in fact frequently for the rest of his life was intoxicating.
"But Mother, what about Nanny."
"I have a plan for Nanny, don't you worry,"
And so it was done, on the quiet in the family church, and May became Lady Acheron of Grimsdyke, but not before Lady Marjorie Acherons gun coaxed her over the forsaking all others bit.
May, now Lady Acheron of Grimsdyke, lay in her bed, looking bored, she realised she was getting fat and not just because she felt she was pregnant, but she was not getting any excercise.
"I'm getting fat," May moaned to the Marjorie the Dowager, "What can I do."
"Well you can hardly go back down the mine, how about pulling a small cart would that do?"
So next morning they found the small cart and Hardington the Coachman and Boggins the Ostler set about adapting the harness to suit a girl instead of a Pony and then they set off May pulling the Cart and Marjorie following on her horse.
They stopped a mile or so out on to the moor "Its too easy, climb on" shouted May and Marjorie hitched the horses reins to the Cart and gingerly climbed aboard. May ran easily, "We need more" she said and on she ran easily her long skirt blowing in the wind the light soft shoes a dream after her clogs from her childhood, soon they needed to return and she strode triumphantly into the courtyard to the astonishment of Nanny.
May waited as Boggins unhitched the Cart and then she stripped to the waist and&nbsp; tipped a bucket of water over her head to cool off.
"My Lady" Nanny exclaimed, and May realised she needed to rethink.
"I need somewhere secluded," May explained, "It is too hot dressed up."
"It looks like fun," said Nanny, "but how about we have a serving wench pulling and have a proper bridle so the people in the cart can steer,"
"And use the whip. eh Nanny" said Marjorie.
"Not on me you bloody won't." May informed her bluntly, but soon they had a plan.
They put it into action the very next morning.
Annie the scullery maid was summoned and she had to sit while Nanny and Marjorie fashioned a bridle to slip over her head from thin leather, they added blinkers and fastenings for reins before they were satisfied, then they sent her to Boggins the Ostler to have a harness made up and finally they stripped her naked and stood her with the cart and tried to work out a suitable outfit, they decided a strip of leather about three inches wide at the front hanging from her waist to cover her cunt and a tail made from an old black wig hanging past her bum from the same thin waist belt was enough. 
They hitched up the little two wheeled Cart, Annie gripped the shafts and straps to a a yoke around her shoulders were adjusted to even out the load, a wide belt around her waist was also fastened to allow her to pull as well as lift then finally&nbsp; Nanny climbed on and suddenly Annie was their Pony, she trotted up to the Colliery gates where Nanny adjusted the blinkers.
"I can hardly see" she whined. 
"Let me steer you" whispered Nanny and with a gentle crack of the whip they moved off Nanny thrilled at her power over her Pony Girl as she steered the terrified girl among the crowded high street, and soon Annie had relaxed, she forgot about the people watching, she could see just the ground immediately in front of her , and she had not run since her childhood, and she revelled in her new freedom.
They stopped up on the moor.
Nanny cracked the whip a few more times over the girl buttocks then climbed down and whispered in her ear, 
"Good Pony, are you tense, excited, yes I see you are," she slid her hand down between the girls legs and inserted her thumb in the wetness she found. 
"Is that nice Pony,"
"Yes Nanny"
"Then this will be your special treat when you are a good pony."
The girl stood still unable to do anything more until her moans told Nanny that she was satisfied and it was time to return.
They had several sets of harness made up and most of the servants took a turn until a near naked girl pulling a cart was something people expected to see.
May was than able to continue her pulling without comments as people thought she was just a servant, except on her return Harry would often slip round behind her and enter her from behind before they released her from the shafts, revelling in her glowing glistening sweaty body in the peak of condition.
And with people used to seeing Pony Girls around the main plan could commence.
Nanny needed a role now Harry was grown, and Pony Instructor was her chosen role, and further than that she saw a lucrative trade in training wayward Girls obedience.

It was a few weeks later that an elegant young lady was procured to initiate the plan and they watched as a Coach and four swept up the drive to decant her.
Sarah Selmington - Smythe swept elegantly into May, Lady Acheron's dining room, 
"Mother, sent me, but I really have no idea what use you can be to me." 
"You bin laid yet?" asked May.
"Don't be impertinent" squealed Sarah.
"Don't worry pet, it won't be long now, Your mother says Lord Alton's eldest is your intended." 
"Y, yes," stammered Sarah, "But he is betrothed to another."
"That's where we come in, so get your kit off."
"What?"
"Strip,"
"No"
She felt strong hands at her shoulders, "Shall I proceed Madam," asked Nanny
"yes lets get her undressed,"
"No I forbid you," wailed Sarah but as Nanny held her shoulders, May unbuttoned and unhooked and undid knots until Sarah was completely naked, but for her silk knickers the last garment and their evident wetness sent a thrill through Nanny's being.
May took over holding Sarah's shoulders as Nanny slid the scrap of silk from between Sarahs legs and placed her head between Sarah's thighs easing them apart so she might kiss the delights within, Sarah shivered and then to her shame she felt the same tingles such as Lord Alton's breath upon her cheek had engendered, why had he spurned her for another, her mind reeled it should be he not this woman.
May carefully placed Sarah's clothes in an Iron trunk and fastened the lock, but Sarah was disinterested her attention entirely upon Nanny and the effect she was having on her sex.
Sarah writhed in her pleasure surrendering to Nanny in a way she never believed possible, and within an hour Sarah was content her frustrations relieved and they carried her away to Nannys bedroom where she fell immediately into a deep and contented sleep.
May and Marjorie returned to the bedroom as the sun came up bringing a supply of leather straps and as they made Sarah kneel floor as Nanny made up a harness and bridle for her. May idly wondered what they were planning but nothing in the least prepared her for what was to come.
Nanny led her from the room, down stairs and then threw her reins over a beam in the stables leaving her naked, unable to move or even sit down.
"Please you can't" she wailed. as Nanny left.
She watched the dawn break and at a time when she should have eaten breakfast Boggins hitched her to the Cart, and as Nanny's whip stung her she took her first faltering steps towards the Colliery.
Her bare feet slipped on the polished cobbles and the wind blew cold on her exposed nipples making them tingle and harden, she saw the people and realised she was naked in public yet they barely noticed her, she was sweating, her lungs about to burst and then suddenly she was going home to the Hall. 
She saw May, Lady Acheron also in Pony attire arrive pulling a larger cart with Lord Acheron and another gentleman and as Nanny guided her alongside she saw his lordship slip behind his wife and to her great shame she could not look away as her lowered his breeches and the manhood of a stallion slowly disappeared an improbable distance within Lady Acheron.
"Yours awaits yonder my Lord, partake as you will she will not deny you." and seeing the irresistible maid or Harlot he swiftly exposed his own manhood and drove it hard within the glistening pink peach of her Vagina.
He was caught unawares by her virginity but thrust it aside to sate his needs and as Boggins unhitched the cart he broadcast his seed mightily within her while cupping her breasts and kissing her neck.
"What call they you." he asked.
"Sarah," she announced, "Selmington - Smythe."
"Yes very funny," he joked until he realised it was indeed Sarah on the end of his Penis,"
"Oh god," Alton moaned.
"Your Fiance old chap, thought you would like it." replied Acheron grinning, "keeps em fit don't you know."
"Yes she fucks like a dream," he observed, "I shall ask her fathers consent forthwith."
"You might have asked me first" Sarah commented.
"Take her to bed, you can see she is not yet satisfied, truly she gags for it." but Alton and Sarah headed instead for the straw of the Stable where Sarah fell into a deep exhausted contented sleep, "I am totally fucked," she later explained.



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  A.Broadsword


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





