BDSM Library - Good Boy  




Good Boy  
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A short femdom story with a male sub. Based on experience but fantasy. My daydream.  






U look up at me with such a sad face and i cant help but smile.
ur beautiful tall slender body
shoved in a tiny cage.
i want to hold u so bad....
but something in my brain takes hold and i kick the cage over and u yelp.
ur upside down and i straddle the cage taunting u. 
'look what u did u ungreatful dog! My pussy is soggy!'
confusion crosses ur beautiful green eyes.
I c u strain to lick it
but i laugh and stand up. 
I go to the kitchen to get dinner then eat it infront of u. 
The sadness in ur eyes only makes my condition worse.
then i go bak to the kitchen and cut up some chicken for u. And a bowl of water + place it on the floor.
i c the marks the cage is giving u and ur heartbreaking look of despair and i take pitty + let u out.
i watch as u stretch ur long body + limbs on all 4s.
so breathtaking.
so eager to please.
i lead u to ur food and brush ur long hair while u eat. Keeping it out of ur way.
when ur done u look up to me panting. With a mischevious look u wipe ur greasy face off on me.
challenging me. Ur master.
so i gag u and u nip at me.
bad bad puppy dog!
i lay u on ur bak and cuff ur wrists to ur ankles.
worry crosses ur face as i go to the box,
and pull out the biggest plastic cock u've ever seen.
i hear u whimper from behind the gag but it wont work on me again.
i lube u carefully and begin to work it in.
slowly
inch by inch
u squirm
u moan
u scream
so beautiful
ur cock is rigid
begging for release.
the toys finally all the way in and i start to fuck u.
god the noises u make intoxicate me.
i look into ur eyes and whisper 'bad puppy' as i ram u.
i c fear creep across ur eyes and i smile.
i take the harness off, leaving the toy in place.
then sit on ur face. Smothering u.
+ u moan even louder.
'only good puppies get to taste my pussy'
i remove the toy and u groan. I stand up + flip u over
then drive the toy in again.
..u moan as u powercum all over the floor
u look at me with embarassment + shame.
i smile as i watch u lick it up.
''good boy!''
i love u?



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Wicked Lust


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





