BDSM Library - Painting the Roses Red




Painting the Roses Red
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A confirmed bachelor feels sorry for a neighbor womanwhen her abusive alcoholic father dies, leaving her almost penniless and homeless after living at home with him and caring for him in his declining years. The bachelor pays for the funeral and stone. He allows her to move in with him, first as his Maid/Housekeeper and finally falling in love with her and taking her as his submissive lover.  






Painting the Roses Red

By Beagle9690

September 2008


Shakespeare wrote: "What's in a name? That which we call a rose by any other name would smell as sweet."

When I first met her, she was Blanche, Blanche Rousseau. Until then, I assumed she was somewhat of a recluse and a spinster, living with and caring for her elderly father; at least that was the consensus of all of my neighbors. I was a confirmed bachelor of 40 and was quite content to mind my own business.

I lived in the house next to her. The house in which Blanche lived belonged to her father, and was encumbered upon by lien after lien.

As for her father Mr. Rousseau. The man was a mean drunken bastard who had alienated his family and all of his neighbors. I moved in after he was bedridden and knew of him by reputation only. 

Never married, Blanche was promised the house after he died.&nbsp; At 35 years of age, for all intent and purposes, Blanche was left with nothing for all her sacrifices.

This sweet, passive lady had no formal education beyond high school; Blanche worked part time on weekends delivering the local penny saver to get spending money.

Blanche was left the house in her father's will. Everything else was left to her younger sister Clarete. Clarete and her latest boyfriend cleaned out the house, removing everything of value that included Blanche's bed and dresser, dumping her meager clothing to the floor and walking on them as they carried the furniture out.

I am not exaggerating, they backed a full sized moving van up to the house while we were at the wake, and sadly, Blanche and I were the only attendees; Claret never attended her father's funeral.

I lived next door to Blanche for almost a year and never talked to her until the night when....................

I was washing 2 weeks accumulation of dirty dishes when the doorbell rang.&nbsp; I answered the back door off of the kitchen and saw Blanche standing there.&nbsp; It was obvious that she had been crying, her eyes were red and puffy; I invited her in and sat her down at the kitchen table.

"May I get you something Miss Rousseau?" "Coffee, tea, a bottle of water perhaps?"&nbsp; She just looked at me not answering. 
"Are you ill?" "Did something happen?"&nbsp; I asked. 

Miss Rousseau, Blanche.... I called her Blanche then; until I took her as my submissive lover and before that my live-in
housekeeper/maid; I changed her first name, but I will get to that shortly. 

"My father died this morning." Blanche said hoarsely, she then coughed, trying to clear her throat. I brought her a glass of ice water and made her sip it slowly, and then I put the teakettle on to boil; chamomile tea with honey and lemon would be just the thing to sooth her raw throat.

When the tea was ready, I brought her a cup and sat down across from her, placing my hand on top of hers. "Take a deep breath and sip your tea" "Good, take your time and calm yourself."&nbsp; It was obvious that she was hoarse from crying.

I sat with her for about half-an-hour, while we sipped our tea neither of us saying anything. 

Although a bachelor, I am a man who enjoys looking at women, having had my share.&nbsp; My first passion is for fishing.&nbsp; I build custom fishing rods for a living and am a stickler for details, striving for perfection. I specialize in split bamboo.

My prices for bamboo start ay $2500.00 per rod and I build no more then 25 rods a year; I require a 75% deposit upon placing an order and the average waiting time per bamboo rod is two years. I also will fabricate oak &amp; leather hard carrying cases for any of my rods to the purchaser's preference.

As we sipped our tea I studied her, taking in the smallest details.&nbsp; 

Blanche's face was heart shaped with a nice little turned up nose, marvelous creamy completion; no makeup; full generous lips with dimples in her cheeks when she smiles; certainly not then, and not often at first.... but now.... often, sunlight; warm and inviting.

Dark brown eyes, little puppy dog eyes with such long eyelashes and perfect, precious little ears.


Blanche was five foot-five inches, a slim petite woman, no more then 110 pounds if that.&nbsp; I believe the correct terminology is that she has a small frame. Blanche had small graceful hands, beautiful hands with long fingers; the type of beautiful hands one sees in advertising for hand cream...What a shame that she bites her fingernails though. Her figure was perfect for her small frame, round full breasts and a cute little round ass. 

This is in to way a put down, especially when taking into consideration her circumstances.&nbsp; Blanche's clothing although clean was threadbare, possibly second hand and it appeared she no real sense of style, so unlike Laura my friend David's wife, or Samantha.

Blanche wore glasses. Her eyeglass frame was made of black plastic; the frame was too large and the wrong style for her pretty heart shaped face.&nbsp; They were broken at the bridge, then amateurishly glued back together.&nbsp; 

She was not wearing them that night; they were hanging from her neck on a rhinestone eyeglass cord that was missing three stones.

The only jewelry of any quality that I could see was a fine 1.5 mm diamond cut sterling silver rope chain around her neck.&nbsp; I didn't know it at the time, but Blanche's mother's platinum wedding band and a heart -cut 3-carat flawless blood red ruby, set as a solitaire in platinum was hanging from that chain around her neck with the wedding band nestled between her pert breasts.

Blanche later confided with me that she hid them from her father so that he couldn't pawn them. Blanche had her father convinced that he did pawn them while on a drunken binge, saying "Mom promised me the ruby before she died." "It was passed on to her by her mother who got it from her grandmother and was always to go to the eldest daughter."&nbsp; 

There was more to the story, and the ruby was reset many times into rings or pendants; long before her great great-grandmother; I get lost in all the begets. 

As I sat with her, I remembered that it was her hair that I noticed when I first moved here. I saw Blanche from a distance riding her bicycle to work. Her hair was pure silver white in a thick solitary braid down her back, as it was styled now.&nbsp; 

At first, I assumed she was an older woman, perhaps in her sixties with a wonderful figure and graceful movements, although shabbily dressed, wearing black frame glasses on a rhinestone cord.

I was intrigued with that old woman, or so I thought her old at first glance. As I said, I am a man who enjoys looking at women; therefore I watched for her return.

And return she did;&nbsp; "Curious &amp; Curiouser" said Alice (she was so much surprised), which popped into my head
when I saw Blanche's youthful face; I was much surprised and pleasantly so.&nbsp; I contemplated; "Why in the world of all things did that thought pop into my head just then?" 

"Alice in Wonderland?" "Lewis Carroll?"&nbsp; "What nonsense." "On the other hand, I would love to Tweedle Dee her little twat, then Tweedle Dum her little bum." "Now that's more like it!"&nbsp; " Honest male carnal lust." And I walked back into my house grinning like the "Cheshire Cat."

Blanche was the first to speak "I don't know what to do." "My sister won't help me and she is demanding..." "Slowdown", I said gently squeezing her hand. "Start from the beginning, Blanche.... may I call you Blanche Miss Rousseau?&nbsp; She nodded yes. "My name is Adam and I will help you anyway I can." 

We called the county coroner and afterwards her father was taken to a funeral home for a one-day viewing.
 
Fortunately we were able to bury her father next to her mother in their family plot.&nbsp; Her mother preceded her father by 23 years and in all that time that bastard never bought a headstone for his wife.

Between the cost of the funeral and the headstone, I paid out over nine thousand dollars. Not that I am Saint by any means, but this was the right thing to do. The creditors foreclosed on the house two weeks after the funeral, the police, literally putting her out on the street.

Blanche and I came to an agreement; She would be my live-in housekeeper/ maid. She would receive room and board.
In addition to a small weekly stipend: twenty-five dollars for spending money.

We set up a payment plan; Blanche would satisfy my loan to her in eighteen months, and if she decided to stay on we would renegotiate a salary. 

She moved in with three plastic garbage bags of clothing and personal items, her bicycle, plus four large cardboard boxes of books. 

I kept it to myself, but was outraged; The contempt that I held for her mercenary sister. I can't put it into words without using the vilest, most explicit profanity.&nbsp; In retrospect: It made me all the more protective of her... well, so much for minding my own business.

Blanche was my housekeeper/maid for 6 months. I suppose that she grieved for her father in her own way, considering how he treated her.... abused her... lied to her; she was smiling more often now and I had not heard her crying in her room in months.

I discovered that I could tolerate having a woman underfoot.

The house was certainly much neater and cleaner; it was spotless and there were no more dishes piling up in the sink. And anybodies cooking was an improvement over mine; hers was better than most. 

The hardest thing was learning to share our one bathroom. She scolded me for leaving the seat up, but she was right, so I started leaving it down.

Blanche's bedroom is across from mine and is the largest bedroom of the four rooms upstairs. Originally half the size, the previous owner removed the wall separating them and made one very large room out of two good-sized ones.

Not that I have many overnight guests, but I furnished this room quite lavishly as a guest bedroom with: a queen size poster bed with bedside tables on both sides, and brass hurricane lamps on each; a secretary's desk, vanity table- with attached mirror and matching chair, plus three large dressers, a rocking chair with a matching footstool placed near one of the windows and a tiffany floor lamp beside the rocker for reading at night, plus a small round table near both for books or whatever. 

Unfortunately, this room had no closet, so I included two large floor to ceiling wardrobes to hang clothing with mirrors on the inside doors. It should be noted that all the mentioned furniture is of black walnut.

After six months, Blanche's books were still in the boxes on her bedroom floor. I decided to surprise her by putting some barrister bookcases in her bedroom while she was out.

I have a friend, David Ares who builds furniture and restores antiques. David was sure to locate some bookcases to match the bedroom furniture, and I was right.

David arrived with his wife Laura while Blanche was out of the house. Wednesdays are Blanche's days off and normally she stays in her bedroom and reads or is in and out of my garage workshop just watching me work. Often she will just sit on a tall stool near the window with a book keeping me company. Blanche is not allowed to talk so that I will not be distracted.

On this Wednesday, I gave her specific instructions that I needed to be alone and sent her away for the day.

David helped me carry the bookcase sections upstairs and we rearranged the furniture while Laura unpacked the books and filled the bookcases once they were stacked in place.

Most of the books were dog-eared paperback romances, at least the books on top. The books on the bottom hidden from view were books on the subject of Erotica and Erotica Novels.

They just looked at one another smiling, the non-verbal message understood only by them; two people very intimate with each other; for a second I was jealous.... and then they looked at me, nodding and smiling.

"Why are you both looking at me like that?"&nbsp; "Are you going to tell me or is it some big secret?" I asked.

"When are we going to meet her?"&nbsp; Laura asked.&nbsp; "You want to meet my housekeeper?"&nbsp; I asked, feigning obtuse.&nbsp; "

Now who is keeping secrets."? David offered.

Changing the subject I said "How about lunch it is on me." "Make it Indian and you have a deal." David agreed.

During lunch at "Little India", Dave and I talked about our upcoming weekend fishing trip. Laura was unusually quiet and I noticed her studying me, a thoughtful look on her face.&nbsp; I also noticed her frequently touching her silver shell shaped locket; I believe it was scallop shell.

During lunch I got another strange look, then Laura smiled at me; I'll be damned if I knew what for; At least the subject of me being single did not come up. Laura was always trying to fix me up with a nice girl, and when she and her friend Marie got together, watch out!&nbsp; 

I was in my workshop when Blanche arrived home. I looked up and she was standing in the doorway studying me. 
I noticed that she had unbraided her hair and it fell well past her ass in silver white waves, and this was the first time that I had seen it out of her braid. "Hello Blanche how was your day?"

"I want to thank you for the bookcase, Adam."&nbsp; She said. "You are welcome."&nbsp; I replied. "I want to really thank you." Blanche offered taking a step forward.&nbsp; I put my plane down and walked over to her. I held out my hand for her to shake but Blanche shook her head; No.&nbsp; 

I stepped closer to her and Blanche gave me a hug. Taking a step back, then hesitantly stepping forward, Blanche got up on her toes, put her hands on my shoulders and gave me a quick kiss on the mouth. I was rewarded with the most precious red blush that spread across her pretty face. 

"I'll be in my room if you need me." She said, turning to walk away. 

"Blanche?"&nbsp; She turned to look. I will join you in a minute." I said, smiling and winking. I really shouldn't have teased her like that, but the look on her face was priceless, and the next blush was better then the first, so I continued wiping my hands on the shop towel, watching her squirm, just smiling at her, before I said, "Did you eat?"

"No, I was going to fix myself something." "Can I make something for you?" She asked. "I'll split a large pizza with you." I offered. "I like mine with Italian sausage and anchovies if that's OK with you?" 

"That would be nice, I'll pay for half." Blanche offered, looking relieved and smiling.&nbsp; "Order it then, I will go pick it up while you set the table."&nbsp; Adding, "I have something I want to talk to you about."
 
When I returned with our pizza, I was not surprised that she had braided her hair again. We sat in the kitchen ate our pizza with a wonderful tossed salad that she made and drank root beer; Blanche loves root beer.&nbsp; 

"I have decided that you will wear a uniform when working." "One must strive to be their best whatever their chosen profession, however temporary. As your employer, I will of course defer the costs."&nbsp; "But...." She started to say.

"No buts, I am speaking to you as your employer now." I will broach no insubordination." "Do I make myself clear?"

Blanche just nodded, looking down. "Look at me when I am talking to you, Miss Rousseau. I said firmly.&nbsp; 

"Yes, of course, whatever you think best sir. Blanche replied, looking into my eyes. 

"Good, it is settled then." "I will be going fishing this weekend with a friend." "I will be leaving early Friday and returning Sunday evening." "I will leave you with my cell phone number to call in case of an emergency." 

"Tomorrow I will take you to purchase your uniforms." I reached across the table and put my hand on hers.
"I'm telling you this as Adam." "You have a sweet smile and adorable dimples." "There you see, one here and one here."
I said reaching up and touching each of her cheeks with my hand. "You really need to smile more often."

"Thank you for the kiss." "It is always a pleasure to be kissed&nbsp; by a pretty woman."

In the morning, we went to a store catering to women's professional wear and I selected a three short sleeve housekeeping dresses in basic black that fell just above her knees. The dresses were styled with concealed buttons with a single top button and white lapels plus white angle cut cuffs.

I also purchased one-dozen white rounded maids aprons, 6 pairs of white pantyhose, two pairs of black walking shoes and two plain cotton bras. Now I knew all of Blanche's sizes.

Before we left the uniform store, I made her go to the dressing room to change into her uniform and then sent her to wait for me by the truck.

While still in the uniform store, I made a call on my cell phone to a woman that I had an affair with. I was the bogeyman to her un-committed lover for whom Samantha wanted a promise. We succeeded and I was invited to their small private ceremony. 

"Samantha, this is David...............Yes, I'm fine thank you for asking.............. Of course next Tuesday...now for the reason that I am calling, I need a favor. I need to make an appointment to have my maid's eyes examined.........four o'clock will be perfect...........One other thing, what are you wearing.... you need to change, and I want you to put your hair up...why, you are gong to love this............................

Blanche was standing by the passenger door waiting for me to unlock it. "You look very professional in your new uniform Miss Rousseau." I said, complementing her. "Thank you sir." Blanche said smiling.&nbsp; Leaning closer I whispered, "You are also a very pretty woman, especially when you smile and I love your dimples." "Therefore, I am taking you out for lunch and I will not take no for an answer."

"May I ask you a question first?" Blanche asked. "You certainly may." I replied. "Technically, I am supposed to be working and should be making your lunch, correct?"

"Yes, technically you are correct." I answered "Then what type of lunch are you taking me on? She asked. "I will show you." I answered.

"Turn around." I said sternly. "Now stand straight with your hands folded in front of you." "Very good."

I took her thick silky silver white braid in my hand and stroked it, gauging its weight and thickness.&nbsp; I knew there was some women whose hair started to turn gray or white at an early age. Most of these women dyed theirs.&nbsp; 

Blanche's hair was very soft and thick and obviously well cared for. Her braid tapered at the bottom though, no doubt a good cut was in order; another mental knot, binding her in submission to me.&nbsp; 

I loved the color of her hair. I found it to be quite exotic. I planned on cutting her hair myself.... her soon to be lover;
cutting her hair.... intimate and erotic.... dominate for my part and submissive for hers, so delicious, I could hardly wait.

As a fisherman and rod builder, I am more then familiar with ropes and knots, wrappings, bindings or braids.... the possibilities... a bookcase full of possibilities. 

The maid uniform was the first mental knot...now for the second.

I started to take her hair out of her braid "Adam what are you doing?" " She exclaimed.... You can't..."Hush" I admonished, interrupting her. I'm almost finished." As I smoothed her silver white waves of hair down her back and buttocks.

Reaching around her waist, I took her small hands in mine and gently brought them behind her back and held them in place with my left. 

At six-two and weighing 175 lbs. I can easily over power Blanche.&nbsp; I have watched her work and she is quite strong for her size and I admire her for that. Nevertheless this maneuver illustrated the fact without hurting her.

" When you are technically working, I have decided that you will now pin your hair up in a nice bun or chignon."&nbsp; "Now that you are dressed properly, a long braid however beautiful is not in keeping with your new prim and proper image."

"Do you really think my hair is beautiful Adam?"&nbsp; Blanche asked hopefully as I stroked her waves with my right hand, 
and she neither struggling nor protesting.

"Your hair is not only beautiful, I find the color to be very exotic."&nbsp; "The color of a sweet white rose." "As is the meaning and origin of your name, Blanche: French for "white".

I let go of her hands and Blanche turned to face me, her long hair now naturally falling in a center part now that it is was loose and unbound. "Are you asking me out on a date, Adam?

That which we call a rose by any other name would smell as sweet." I said bowing with a flourish, then offering her my arm. "I accept!" Blanche said smiling and taking my arm.

During lunch, I told her about her eye appointment with Dr. Sam. "You really could use some new glasses." 
"I was thinking, three pairs, 1 of the 3 will be polarized sunglasses, the other two with changeable lenses. 
I was thinking something in a metal frames; consider it part of your paid eye plan.�

"I have made all the arrangements for you." "Dr. Sam is the expert and will fit you perfectly and stylishly, trust me."

 Samantha, Dr. Sam was a board certified optometrist. Sam is a large woman, plus sized with a round voluptuous figure. 

Sam is an inch taller than I, we probably weigh close the same. Sam is a true alpha female. A strong willed dominant woman with her submissive lover, but feminine and sexy as hell; I met her on a trout stream of all places, and besides David, Sam is the only person to receive one of my custom bamboo rods as a gift.

I have also made her split bamboo switches with mahogany reel seats and cork handles, which she will apply to her submissive lover's buttocks, never in anger only to discipline. I also know that Sam loves Grace and theirs is a consensual relationship.

Both of us are the alphas; as Grace and Blanche are submissives; we have much to talk about during our Tuesday luncheon dates, besides fishing and fly tying. 

The event that brought us closer together intellectually and emotionally; and unspoken oath sealed with blood, happened almost a year before I met my sweet Rose. 

One Sunday, Samantha telephoned me. "Adam, I have a proposition for you, what do you say to a M�nage a trois; You, Grace and I. Tonight's the night."&nbsp; "I want to share it with you, for agreeing to help me make her jealous."

"Grace is ready to submit to me totally; she is such a luscious little morsel, and now will be molded to my will."

 "Does Grace know I am coming?"&nbsp; I asked. "No." Sam replied, " And she will show you the proper respect, or else! "&nbsp; Then Samantha explained the script to me over the telephone.

When I arrived, Samantha was wearing a black silk kimono, with lacey black panties and matching bra underneath.

Sam's long silky raven black hair was the same color as mine. Normally unbound when we had sex and falling just below her shoulder blades, it was now in a high ponytail. Her makeup, quite sultry: purple eye shadow with silver sparkles, silver eyeliner, and purple lipstick and of courses her bamboo switch.

"Here is your kimono Adam." She said, handing me one the same as hers along with a black silk men's briefs.&nbsp; "Would you like a switch?" Sam asked. "No thank you, I prefer my good right hand." I answered honestly.

After I dressed, I sat down while she fixed my hair. Nothing outrageous; as a prelude to sex, she always enjoyed greasing my hair and combing it straight back; This being a small concession on my part. 

Our love making always started with oral sex. The hair grease was what she used to grease her fingers to lubricate her anus, and my penis when I performed anal sex as she played with herself as I was doing her. Oral and anal were all I was allowed to give her; Samantha would never allow me vaginal intercourse, however, I got marvelous blowjobs. 


Samantha would put her hair up in a bun for me to take down, I removing the hairpins to play with her long silky ponytail, and finally out of the ponytail loose and unbound. I loved playing with her long hair, Sam's concession to me. Samantha is very vain about her hair.&nbsp; 

"Now for your makeup." She announced, holding up a tube of pink lipstick. "When pigs have wings," I said laughing. Samantha just gave me an odd look.

We went to Sam's bedroom, the thick carpeting muffling our footsteps. I observed that Grace sitting on a backless barstool with her hands secured behind her back with pink rope, the same rope securing her legs to the stool; a pink silk scarf for her blindfold.

Grace is about the same height as Rose, and in her mid-twenties. She has a very slim boyish figure with breasts the size of small apples and hardly any ass.

Grace is rather plain, although with makeup and the right clothing nice to look at.&nbsp; Her two best features are her golden blond hair and blue eyes; eyes the color of blue turquoise.&nbsp; 

Samantha confided to me that Grace is very vain about her hair, constantly fussing with it, saying; "I know I am somewhat fussy myself with my hair, but Grace takes it to the extreme." "I have spent a fortune on her for hair care products that she has used only once and then throws away." 

"I have to bribe my stylist to cut Grace's hair, and that is just to trim the ends." "My stylist Mandy is the best that there is, but Grace always finds fault with Mandy's best efforts." "The water is to hot or to cold; Not enough shampoo, to much shampoo.... you get the picture I am sure."

Grace was wearing a frilly pink teddy and matching pink panties. Shocking pink lipstick, makeup lightly applied. Grace's long fingernails were colored the same shocking pink as her lips. Sam spoiled Grace terribly, pampering her; giving in to her every whim, and that was about to change.
 
I could feel myself getting hard, but was to remain silent for the moment letting Grace think that she and Sam were alone.

Samantha walked and stroked Grace's long golden blond hair, wrapping her finger around one of the long ringlet curls.
Normally, Grace's hair is straight and smooth almost reaching her slim waist; now her hair, styled in luscious ringlet curls caressing her back.

"What is your purpose in life?" Samantha asked. "To love and serve you Mistress." Grace answered. "What else?" she asked, lifting Grace's chin with her switch "To obey you in all things and to serve and obey all dominants." Grace replied. " " Do you swear to obey me in all things as is witnessed by your Master?" Sam asked. 

Grace paused, not answering right away. I am sure that Grace thought Sam misspoke and meant to say
Mistress.&nbsp; This was quite clever on Sam's part. "I so swear Mistress." Grace replied proudly.

"What are you my dear?" Samantha asked. "I am a cunt." "I am your little cunt Mistress and I must learn to be a good girl." Samantha leaned in and kissed her mouth long and deep. "You have been behaving like a spoiled brat, but that will change little cunt." Sam informed her. "You will no longer&nbsp; be rude to Adam or refer to him as the bogeyman." 

"I do not share your prejudice towards men." "You have much to unlearn from college." Sam said sternly, grabbing Grace's curls and tugging for emphasis. "I will no longer tolerate your jealous behavior towards him."

Adam is very special to me." She said touching my cheek; that was not in the scrip; I took her hand and squeezed. 

"You must learn to accept him and take what he has to offer." Sam told her, and looking at me knowingly. "You will apologize to him and address him as he tells you.&nbsp; I am sure that he will forgive you.... if you please him."&nbsp; "Then I will determine your punishment and he will carry it out." 

"Now, again in regard to men, and particularly in regard to Adam." "From this moment forward your will no longer use your saucy mouth and sharp tongue to criticize Adam"&nbsp; "You will use them to compliment and celebrate his manhood as do I."


"Do you understanding what I am telling you Grace?"" Yes Mistress." "Grace answered impatiently. "Are you going to make love to me now?" "I am so horny, please untie me now Mistress." Grace said, starting to tug at her bonds. Sam asked her. "Do you love me Grace?"&nbsp; "Yes, Sam....I mean Mistress...please, I am so horny... "Hush dear one." Samantha said kindly. "I love you as well."

I was touched; it was obvious to me that they did love on another. I was so used to thinking inside the box. There are many ways to show love and affection. Grace's total surrender for one. We all have our prejudices.

"And we will certainly make love this evening.... the three of us." Sam said, letting go of her golden curls, and kissing her mouth. 

"I don't understand...." Grace started to say, when I interrupted by pulling her head back by her hair and kissing her mouth saying, "The Bogeyman is here you spoiled little brat; beware the jabberwocky!" Again, now I was now quoting Lewis Carroll and Samantha gave me such a look? "You may call me Master Bogeyman."

"As I said earlier, my dear little cunt, you have much to unlearn from college." Sam explained, removing the pink silk scarf from Grace's eyes. "Humility for one." "A slave has no need for clothing." 

" Adam, if you please." I stepped in front of her and grabbed her lacey pink teddy, ripping it easily at the seams,
 stripping her naked to the waist.&nbsp; "Samantha please, not him not now, I..." Her pleas stopped in mid sentence as Sam's switch came down sharply on Grace's naked back, causing her to scream out in surprise and pain." 

"You do not have permission to speak." "And you will not speak for any reason without permission from Adam." She commanded. " He is my witness your vows."&nbsp; 

"Do you understand now?" Grace nodded her head up and down for yes, her eyes pleading with Sam through her tears, afraid to look at me.

"My slave has no need for long painted fingernails." Sam said, handing me nail clippers; I cut Grace's nails nice and short while Sam removed the makeup and lipstick from Grace's face with a washcloth; Grace's hands were still bound behind her back.

"As of Monday morning you will be starting your new job as a receptionist. My receptionist so I can keep and eye on you." Sam announced, while stroking Grace's small breasts.&nbsp; I watched Grace's nipples grow hard, standing erect and proud.

Sam nodded and I put my right hand underneath Graces little ass lifting her up to remove her panties, sliding them down to her knees before ripping them off of her.

I untied her legs from the stool and I made Grace stand, stroking her erect nipples from behind, while Sam was in front probing her moist pussy with her fingers; Grace's pubic hair was the same golden blond as the hair on her head.

"Little brat." I said to her. "I am going to untie your hands now." "You had better be a good little girl." "Your Mistress is a woman, while you are a selfish spoiled little brat!"&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

 I untied her hands and dropped the pink rope to the floor while holding both her hands behind her back in one of mine.

"A woman is allowed hair between her legs if she chooses." "Spoiled little girls do not." I advised her, stroking Grace's now wet cunt with my left hand.

I led her to the bathroom where Sam was waiting with the electric clippers. Letting go of her hands, I picked Grace up and put her on the large vanity sink spreading her legs for Sam to shave the little brat's Mon's pubis. Sam started with Oster Electric Hair Clippers, and finished by lathering then shaving her smooth twice with a Gillette Fusion Razor.&nbsp; 

"Kneel on the floor slave." San ordered, lightly tapping Graces shoulder with her bamboo switch.

Grace got down on her knees in front of me and I opened my robe and took off my black silk briefs, my manhood standing proudly at attention.

Sam grabbed Grace by her long curls and said," You will now use your mouth and tongue to celebrate and compliment his manhood." Forcing Grace's head to my welcoming cock.

I took hold of Grace beautiful soft hair and told her to start licking while Sam got on the floor next to her and played with Grace's wet pussy, caressing and probing with her fingers, causing her to moan with pleasure.

"Lick the tip in a circular motion."&nbsp; "Very nice, now the shaft from the base to the tip like an ice cream cone." Marvelous
now alternate between the two..........mmm, you will make a marvelous little cock sucker with practice." "Open your eyes and look at me."&nbsp; I ordered, tugging at her hair."&nbsp; "Look at my eyes.... the eyes of the Bogeyman whose cock you are licking." 

"Your Mistress wanted me to shave your head as punishment for your bratty behavior towards me." "Don't stop licking."&nbsp; I said tugging at her hair.

"That is right my sweet little cunt, but fortunately for you he is a kind man and convinced me otherwise." Samantha told her, handing me the scissors. "Now you may suck on it, starting with the tip." I told her, smoothing her curls down her&nbsp; back; suck and use your little tongue."

Starting from the right, I took a section of hair from the front, and cut it off at chin level, holding up for her to see, and dropping the severed curl into a crystal bowl that Sam was holding. "You will now take my whole cock in your mouth and suck, but don't forget to use your tongue."

"That's right, keep your head still, suck while I finish your haircut. I continued cutting until Grace's it was even with the bottom of her chin.

"You are on your own now, I want you to lick and suck my cock until I come in your mouth and then you will swallow all of it."&nbsp; "If I enjoy my blowjob, and for your sake I had better, I may not to cut your hair super short during the rest of your ceremony." 

My hands were in buried in Grace's much shorter bobbed hair using it to control her speed to match my pleasure; all the while Samantha was licking and sucking Graces smooth, hairless cunt, while sticking her finger deep into Grace's asshole, using my hair grease to help lubricate; Grace was moaning loudly enjoying the attention to her little cunt and was licking and sucking with abandon. 

I pulled my cock halfway out of her mouth just before I came as not to gag her. Grace swallowed most of my come, having her orgasm soon after, while she was cleaning my cock and balls with her mouth and tongue.

I ordered her to the bathroom to get in the shower and wet down her hair for the final cut. Considering that this was my first attempt at cutting a woman's hair, it came out quite well. Perhaps it was because I was proficient in creating the dry and wet flies and streamers I use in fishing.&nbsp; Shaping the much smaller feathers and fur to a precise shape and texture. Very satisfying, but not sensual nor as enjoyable as this, cutting and shaping a submissive woman's hair, she not knowing how it will be styled or how short it will be cut.

I made Grace sit perfectly still on her stool while I combed her hair down, cutting it perfectly straight and blunt all the way around to the bottom of her ears. I could tell that Samantha was getting aroused watching me.&nbsp; At the end of the cut I turned things over to her. Sam blow-dried Grace's hair fluffing the short bob around her face, declaring, "Adam, I love this cut on her!" "I can't wait to curl it or slick it back away from her face and tuck it behind her ears!"&nbsp; "I want you to cut her hair on a permanent basis."&nbsp; "How about every fifth Tuesday?" I suggested.
"
That will be perfect, and Grace will of course compensate you any way you see fit." Sam gushed.
Before leaving, we tied her ankles together, then her hands behind her back, adding the silk scarf for the blindfold, leaving her on the floor.

We went downstairs to the living room to share a bottle of champagne that I brought chilling in the ice bucket.

Taking a sip from her glass," Adam" I can't believe that you said that, beware the jabberwocky."&nbsp; "You never fail to surprise me." "How could you possibly know that Alice in Wonderland &amp; "Through the Looking glass are my favorite books in the whole world?" " I am sure I have never told you." "I didn't want you to think me silly."

"Samantha, I have something to tell you." "You need not say it Adam, I feel the same way about you."&nbsp; "Sam, I..." 
"Let me finish." She interrupted. " I have thought about you and I." Sam said, squeezing my hand. "I am more Lesbian then I am bi." "I am ashamed to say that at first, you were only a dalliance...a walk on the wild side." "I will always prefer women best."&nbsp; 

"Can you forgive me Adam?"&nbsp; "There is nothing to forgive Sam." "We are what we are."

"I tell you this honestly Samantha and this must remain between us; man or woman, I have never in my adult life felt
comfortable discussing my sexuality with anybody but you."

"Carnal desires aside, I am humbled and honored that you are sharing Grace with me." "I can tell by the way that you look at her that you truly love her."

 " It is every man's fantasy to get it on with two or more women, and if they are lesbians, men of my preferences imagining that we can turn them straight." "You too were a dalliance of sorts, I imagined I could............ 

"Adam, are you embarrassed?"&nbsp; I paused and took a deep breath, and Sam continued, "You are embarrassed.... the Bogeyman... this is so sweet, again you surprise me, and I know what you mean; I won't finish your sentence." 

"Of course I will keep this between us." "You have my word on that Adam; you have just made me feel so special." "I am changing the script for you."&nbsp; 

"When we go upstairs, I want you to fuck my cunt and then come inside of me."&nbsp; "You can even cut Grace's hair shorter if you like." She offered, "Just don't cut it to short."&nbsp; "I want something to hold onto when she licks my cunt." 

"Samantha, I have never heard you talk like this before you are usually quite reserved." 

"That is because we are now each others confessors." Sam exclaimed." "I am the one whom is humbled now." 
"Do you realize the different perspectives we can now share; our hair fetishes for example?" "I always knew you had a fetish for long hair."

I saw the look on your face while you were cutting Grace's hair off." She said. "And yours was as well, Sam." I pointed out, playfully pulling her ponytail."&nbsp; " I believe I could do a pretty good job of trimming yours as well." I said, kissing her.&nbsp; Surprisingly, Sam didn't comment to my teasing. I would love to take over trimming her hair as well.

"But, you are right Samantha my dear Mistress." " Who better then we as mutual confessors."&nbsp; I removed my Spidero Cricket folding knife from my blue jeans hanging on a chair next to me and then opened the blade. 

Standing in front of her and looking into Sam's blue eyes, I made a small shallow cut in my right palm, deep enough to draw blood. 

I handed her my knife and she cut her palm as well.... we grasped each others bloody right hands and squeezed.... our blood mingling in a silent oath.&nbsp; 

Going back upstairs we got into her bed. Sam lay on her back and stretched like a plump cat, her arms above her head, and I straddled her, my hard cock poised to enter her hot pussy for the first time, as I looked into her eyes

"I want you to fuck me fast and hard and don't be afraid of hurting me." She said. "Sam reached up as if to touch my face but slapped me hard instead and I returned the slap with equal force, smiling, knowing what to expect. 

I rammed her hard making her gasp, then smile. As I pounded her, I felt her nails rake across my back.&nbsp; Sam reached up and pulled my head down to kiss me. I felt her tongue in my mouth as she kissed me, but then Sam bit my lip drawing blood.&nbsp; I slapped her face even harder stunning her momentarily, then slapped her again, looking into her beautiful blue eyes with my own gray ones, and daring her to bite me again.

I let Sam push me off of her. Encouraged, she tried to get me on my back and pin my arms, screaming," Brute, how dare you hit me you animal!" "Bite me again and see what happens you Amazon, those were just love taps." I retorted.

I let her get me on my back and mount me; Sam impaled her self on my cock, a look of triumph on her face as she pinned my wrists to the bed, and crossing them. Did she actually think she could hold my crossed wrists with one hand; she slapped my face hard with the other, smirking.

I grabbed her long ponytail pulling her to the side, putting her on her stomach. I pinned both her arms behind her back crossing her wrists and holding them there with my left hand making her scream in frustration.&nbsp; With my right hand, I used her ponytail like a pony's reins as I pounded dripping pussy with my cock. 

As our orgasms peaked; Sam was screaming, "fuck my cunt you brute" "fuck my cunt you animal", both of us in the throes of honest carnal orgasmic ecstasy; Sam still trying to free her arms. We were fucking like feral animals, intent on pleasing only ourselves; oblivious to Grace who was frightened and sobbing on the floor

 Even after she came, Samantha was fighting me and enjoying it.&nbsp; I rolled her over on her back and pinned her wrists to the bed keeping her in place. She was looking up at me grinning. "The Cheshire cat has teeth and claws as well as a grin." I commented, grinning back at her. "You pulled the cat's tail." Sam replied. We bogeymen are famous for that." I admitted, letting go of her wrists.

I took her hair out of the ponytail and arranged it over her breasts and shoulders and kissed her mouth, wincing as my lip was starting to swell. "I'm sorry Adam, I got a little carried away." "Now I know what you mean when you said you preferred your right hand." Sam admitted. 

"Would you please put my little kitten on the bed for me?" Sam asked.&nbsp; "Grace needs to be mothered." I got out of bed and down on the floor next to her. "Grace its all right, calm down." I said stroking her hair. "I didn't hurt your Mistress." "Stop crying."

After I untied her, I picked her up and gently put Grace on the bed next to Samantha.

Sam stroked her hair and cradled her gently in her arms, whispering to her soothingly to calm her, to assure her love.
We made eye contact with Sam, smiling at her and shaking my head.

Initially, I was invited by Sam to spend the night in bed with the two of them. But that was before we went off script early in our carnal play.

After all that had happened between Sam and I, to stay would be selfish.&nbsp; I left the extra 2 bottles of champagne for them to enjoy chilling on ice...spending the night at home...alone.

When we arrived for Blanche's appointment, Sam was in the back waiting for her cue. The office was empty as planned except for Grace.

In on our little production, Grace's hair was styled in luscious short tight ringlets and parted on the right. 

Grace was dressed to entice, wearing a short, tight slinky blue dress with high heels, her makeup heavy and slattern right down to bright pink lipstick.

Grace walked over to greet us, and nodded at Blanche, but put her arms around my neck, hugging me and kissing my cheek leaving a lipstick imprint from her lips on my cheek. Blanche sat down in a chair glaring at her, while I sat on the couch.

I gave her ass a little squeeze for good measure, and then Grace brought over the forms for Blanche to fill out and sign,
while sitting close to me making small talk.

Grace's hands were all over me, and I could see Blanche watching us out of the corner of her eyes quite annoyed and getting angry at Grace's flirting and no doubt jealous. 

At one point, Blanche pressed down hard enough on the clipboard with her pen to tear the paper, and having to start over with a fresh sheet.... twice... so far so good.

"I'm done now Mr. Richards." Blanche said, getting up and glaring at Grace.&nbsp; "When will I be seeing Dr. Sam?" Blanche asked, putting the form on Grace's desk and continuing to glare at her.

"Would you please see if the Doctor is available to see me now?" Blanche asked, sitting down between us, and giving Grace a shove.&nbsp; "I have a few questions for him before he examines my eyes." 

Grace got up and smiled sweetly at Blanche and bent over and kissed my lips saying to me, "Don't be a stranger Adam." Giving Blanche a clear view of her lacey pink panties, and giving her ass a little shake in Blancher's face for good measure before walking into Sam's office closing the door behind her.

After about five minutes, Sam and Grace came walking. Sam was wearing a knee length dark gray skirt, with a matching gray jacket over a white silk blouse cut to show off her ample breasts.

At my request Sam had styled her long black hair in a French twist and her makeup was conservative and proper.

Samantha offered Blanche her hand, introducing herself.
It was obvious from the look on her face that Blanche was expecting a man. 

Putting her at ease, Sam sat with Blanche ignoring us while making small talk while reviewing Blanche's paperwork and
filling in the Doctor's portion on the forms.

Next came the eye exam followed by the selection of frames. Sam told Blanche that the glasses would be ready in 2 weeks. While all this was going on, I was talking to Grace; and talking softly so that Blanche could not hear the conversation. "How am I doing, Master Bogeyman?" Grace asked, smiling. "You are a very convincing actress, little brat..............................................."


"Adam, may I see you in my office for a moment?" "Sam asked.&nbsp; Certainly Doctor. Looking at Blanche, "I'll be out shortly Miss Rousseau." "If you like you may wait for me in the car."&nbsp; "Thank you sir but I will just wait for you here if you don't mind." "There is an article in this magazine that looks interesting." Blanche said, sitting down, still glaring at Grace.

We went into Sam's office closing the door behind us and then locking the door with a loud click. We intended to make Blanche wait a good 20 minutes. Sam was to take her hair down and then style it in a low chignon. Then she would walk out of her office pretending to have forgotten to put her jacket back on.

 I received a bonus; I took her hair down while she performed oral sex on me, afterwards Sam fixed her hair in a chignon while I watched Blanche on the security monitor waiting impatiently in the chair, staring at the Sam's office door.

We came out of the office as planned, Blanche staring at Sam; we were quite certain what she must be thinking.
Before we left, I shook hands with Dr. Sam for Blanche's benefit.

When we got into the truck, Blanche slammed her door shut. She took a Kleenex from her purse. "Adam you have something on your face." "There that's better." She said, angrily, as she roughly wiped the remains of Grace's lipstick from my face, then shoving the used tissue into her purse, closing her purse with a sharp final snap. Blanche had a temper after all: she was so cute when she was angry.

On the way home from her eye exam we stopped off at the drug store. Blanche went in to purchase some large hairpins and more elastic hair ties, as well as shampoo and conditioner. I waited in the truck for her awhile, she was taking more time then she usually does. 

I went back into the drugstore to find Blanche in the perfume and makeup section. Her back was to me. I was sure that she didn't see me come in. I went outside to the car to wait for her. As she was getting in I asked, "What have you got in the all the bags Miss Rousseau?" "Did you buy out the store?" I asked. "Just some girl things." She said, still angry looking straight ahead.

"What kind of girl.... oh, those things, I said nodding, pretending to be embarrassed, putting the truck in gear and driving home. Blanche gave me a dirty look.

Later that day I was in the front of the house cutting the grass with my push reel lawnmower, I hate the noise that gas lawnmowers make, and my property was just under an acre; besides, it was good exercise.

Still in her maid's uniform, my Blanche came outside to model her first bun for me. As I said earlier, Blanche's hair is thick and heavy. Looking at the results, it was obvious that she had not fixed her hair this way before; lets just say her bun was adequate. And it appeared this was also her first attempt with make-up and I will leave it at that. Blanche did these things for me and I loved her for it.

Who was I kidding, certainly not myself. I was wrong about what I said early.... tolerating having a woman under foot.&nbsp; I wanted her here and not just for 12 more months.

"How do I look, Adam?" She asked. "Well that depends" I answered. Are you asking me as Miss. Rousseau?" "Or am I talking to somebody else?" "Could you be somebody else...perhaps my sweet Rose?"

"Let me show you". "She said. This time no longer hesitating, Blanche put her arms around my neck and I leaned forward so that she could kiss my mouth. 

" Miss Rousseau, you look prim and proper, very professional." Her arms still around my neck, and smelling like roses; this fragrance was perfect for her."

"Let me show you again." She said. I put my arms around her waist while she kissed me.

"This time it is definitely somebody else." I exclaimed, "And she is sweet and pretty and smells like roses." " Rose put her head on my chest, and I could feel her melt into to me" "And I have never had a woman do that before. 

"Who do you suppose this lovely lady is that I am holding?"&nbsp;&nbsp; "Your sweet Rose?"&nbsp; Blanche suggested.

 I glanced over at my sad white rosebushes. It seemed no matter what I did with them they would barley flower. 
Mostly they produced leaves, so I let them grow wild.

I intended to dig them up eventually.&nbsp; The thing was, I working in the yard for more then an hour and I didn't notice it.... one perfect red rose on the smallest of my rosebushes.

Taking her hand we walked over to the bush, and then I cut the rose from it with my pocketknife, removing the thorns.

Turning to her, I placed the red rose in her hair and kissed her cheek. "Please make me a pitcher of green mint iced tea Miss Rousseau, I'm absolutely parched." I then turned and continued cutting the grass.

That evening, I invited her to cuddle with me on the couch and watch classic movies on television. I had to get up early in morning as David was picking me up at 8:00 AM; I kissed her cheek then handed her the remote and got up wishing her a good night.

Dropping the remote, Rose got up and put her arms around my waist. "Adam, what about me, your sweet Rose, aren't you going to make love to me tonight." she asked. I kissed her mouth this time.

"Are you sure that you are ready for that." "As capable you are in so many things, you are a mere baby in these matters"
I advised her kindly, stroking her hair. "Are not our hugs and kisses enough for now?"&nbsp; I asked. "Now you are teasing me Adam and I am hardly a baby! "Do I look like a baby to you?" 

"No of course not."&nbsp; "And, I am not teasing you." "I am merely pointing out your lack of experience in these venues." 
"I have been with many women, and have women as friends" "You can teach me." She offered. Trying to undo my belt.

Still facing her, I put her hands behind her back and held them there. "Are you sure that you are ready Rose?" I asked. "I could take you right now and have my way with you." "Can you not feel my erection through my pants pressing against you?"&nbsp;&nbsp; 

"Shall we start tonight as lovers." I said kissing her long and deep. " Shall I teach you to please me as I will please you?"

 "Do you promise trust me Rose." I asked letting go of her hands and putting my hands around her small waist. 
"I promise to trust you Adam." Rose answered. "I have always trusted you."&nbsp; Her head pressed against my chest, hugging me. "I love you Adam." "You have been so kind to me."

"Listen well my love." "I can no longer take money from you; there shall be no debt between us." "In this you shall also obey."

"As you trust me Rose, you must also obey me in all matters especially pertaining to our lovemaking, you must submit to totally."&nbsp; "I promise to obey sweetheart, I just want to please you."&nbsp; Rose said eagerly. "I will do anything you say."&nbsp; "I will hold you to that." I said looking into her brown eyes.

"Show me your hands Rose." "We shall start with your hands."&nbsp; I said, stepping back and holding them palms down.

"Starting right now, you will stop biting your nails!"&nbsp; "Children bite their nails." "If you do not stop I will not make love to you." "If you persist in biting them, corrective measures will be taken." I told her sternly.

"One way or another, I will break you of that bad habit." "Your hands are too beautiful to be marred in this manner." "Let show you what you will be missing if you persist."

"Put your arms around my neck."&nbsp; Rose meekly complied.&nbsp; I picked her up, my arms underneath her knees; Rose kissed my cheek, sighing with contentment as she put her head close to mine as I carried her upstairs to her bedroom. 

I put her down in front of the wardrobes opening the doors so I was standing behind her, Rose facing the mirrors.&nbsp; I put my arms around her trim waist and said. "You may not speak until I give you permission my sweet Rose."

"I will no longer call you Blanche." "You shall be my Rose and too Rose you shall answer." "The white page will be 
written over and so shall you as we complete our story together.... our life together."

"I have often undressed you with my eyes." I told her as I slowly unbuttoned her double knit polyester blouse, thinking; she should be wearing fine pima cotton, cashmere or satin... taking Blanche's blouse off of her and dropping it to the floor.

Next came her slacks of the same material, leaving her with plain but practical white bra and panties, when there should be fine silks next to her creamy smooth skin.

I ran my hands over her smooth flat tummy, watching her reactions in the mirror, nuzzling and kissing ears, neck and shoulders while enjoying the lingering scent of roses from her perfume.

I removed her bra, dropping it to the floor, my hands caressing her breasts, making her moan with pleasure as
her nipples hardened, beautiful and round with large pink sensitive areolas just begging to be licked and sucked.

Placing my hands on her shoulders, I gently turned her to face me. Taking her hands and looking into her brown eyes, I placed them at my top shirt button. 

I let her undress me; first my favorite red flannel shirt, all that I was wearing above the waist; Rose held it to her face and smelled it, sighing with pleasure before dropping it on her pile of clothing on the floor.

Rose took her little hands and starting at my shoulders, caressing chest, and stomach and slowly kissing her way to my button down Levi blue jeans.&nbsp; 

Rose was now kneeling before me as she unbuckled my brown garrison belt, slowly undoing the buttons, smiling as she did so and then pulling the jeans down to my ankles for me to step out of.&nbsp; I was wearing nothing underneath to surprise her and surprise her I did.

She hesitated looking up at me. "You are doing fine." I said softly as I caressed her face. "Perhaps you are not ready for that yet."


Offering her my hands I helped Rose to her feet. "Let me show you how it is done."&nbsp; I took her panties in both hands and ripped them down the seams pulling them from her body, making her gasp.

Rose's pubis was shaved smooth; no doubt the influence from her books on erotica. Everything was shaved down there; I made her turn and show me everything. 

Rose's Labia Majora was pink and plump.... swollen with arousal. I stroked those outer pussy lips with my hand making her moan with pleasure, her sweet cunt-dripping wet with desire, the sweet smell of her sex mingling with the scent of roses; a smell to driving me wild with lust. 

"You have a magnificent little cunt my dear." "I am sure that it will taste delicious." "You still do not have permission to speak." "Take your hair out of your bun and leave it in a ponytail."&nbsp; "Very nice." I said stroking her long thick ponytail,
"Very nice indeed.&nbsp; 

"Get into bed and lie on your back".&nbsp; When she did, I got into bed next to her. I parted her outer lips, pushing them aside with my fingers to reach her more sensitive Labia Minora. 

Then I started licking and sucking with my tongue, making her shudder and moan even louder while probing her clitoris with my tongue. 

When I sensed that her orgasm was starting to peak, 
I rolled her over onto her stomach. "Kneel on the bed little Rose.... now put your head down and brace yourself." "You have permission to speak." "Do you wish me stop?" I asked, knowing full well that she didn't. "Tell me what you want Rose."

"Please Adam." I remained silent, waiting for her to continue, teasing her. "I want you to make love to me." She moaned as I stroked her pussy lips. "Perhaps you are not ready. "I pointed out."&nbsp; "What else do you want you naughty girl?"&nbsp; 

"I am not a girl, I'm..." I interrupted slapping her exposed buttocks twice, hard enough to sting, then continued stroking and probing her pussy with my fingers. "Don't argue with me." I admonished. "What are you sweet Rose?"&nbsp; "I don't understand...." I interrupted her again with another slap, much lighter, and this time her vaginas lips, and continuing probing her cunt deeper with my fingers and stroking her clitoris.

"I'm a naughty girl." Rose said moaning with pleasure. "Whose naughty girl are you Rose?" "I'm your naughty girl, Sir." She answered. "That is correct, you are my naughty girl."&nbsp; "Do you want to suck my cock, naughty girl?" 

"Yes, please.... Sir." Rose answered. "I am ready, I want to suck on your cock and lick it...oh god... It feels so good please fuck my cunt...I'm so naughty...."

I entered her from behind thrusting deep into her welcoming pussy, intent on ravishing her swollen clitoris with my 
cock, Rose achieving multiple orgasms as I assaulted and came in her dripping wet pussy, my hand wrapped around her ponytail.

Afterwards, we just lay there holding each other, neither of us talking, just enjoying our closeness. Rose just seemed to melt into me...my naughty girl couldn't get close enough; and I loved her; so small and precious; We fell asleep in each other's arms, satisfied for the moment.

I awoke to her sweet kisses on my face, "Adam, your friend David was on the phone." "He said that his truck broke down and that he was going to be late, something about a the alternator."

"What time is it Rose?" I asked, opening my eyes. She had her hair pulled back in a nice ponytail and was wearing my red flannel shirt.&nbsp; It was much to large for her, fitting more like an oversize robe, and falling to her knees; Rose's mental bond over me; laying her claim on me, very intuitive; and it worked; she looked lovely standing there. 

"It's almost seven o'clock." Rose replied. "Nice robe."&nbsp; I commented. "I used to have a shirt just like it."&nbsp; "But I like it better on you." I said, grabbing her and pulling her down on the bed with me. I was kissing and tickling her, making her laugh and squeal as she tried to make me stop. I left her breathless on the bed while I went to take a shower.

I was luxuriating in my nice hot shower, enjoying myself, soaping my head and face, when all of a sudden the water went ice cold.&nbsp; I leaned forward, trying to find the hot water knob; a little hand slapped mine, startling me; followed by laughter. "Rose!" I shouted. "Cut it out!"&nbsp; "I have to get ready." "He could be here any time." As I reached for the hot&nbsp; water knob, she slapped my hand away again.

I lunged at her, trying to grab her and missed, pulling the shower curtain down instead. I rinsed quickly in the cold water, turning it off and wrapping a towel around my waist.

Rose was standing there laughing at her little joke. I got out of the tub. "What do you have to say for yourself?" 
I demanded. She was standing there smiling with those wonderful dimples and wearing my red flannel shirt.

"I am just being naughty." "I thought you liked me being naughty, Mr. Richards?"

Holding the towel with one hand, and no longer angry, I tried grabbing her again and missed.&nbsp; Still holding the towel, I chased her out of the bathroom, through the hall, past her bedroom, down the stairs, into the kitchen and out the back door onto the driveway. As luck would have it, David and Laura pulled up in separate vehicles and were getting out.

Keep in mind, even though all that she was wearing was a bra and panties underneath, Rose was covered; All I had was a towel, which might as well have been a washcloth, and Rose got behind me, blushing as red as a delicious red apple.

David and Laura just stood there smiling at one another, with amused and knowing looks on their faces. 

Laura was the first to speak, "Adam aren't you going to introduce us to Miss Rousseau?" She asked stepping around me and introducing herself to Rose as if this were the most normal thing in the world to find us like this in the driveway.

Holding out her hand, Laura said, "I am so happy to finally meet you Miss Rousseau." "I'm Laura Ares and this is my husband David." 

"You must be a very special lady to get this misguided bachelor acting so silly."&nbsp;&nbsp; "What man, other then a man in love would chase his lady outside in broad daylight wearing only a towel."&nbsp; 

"That is so romantic." Laura added.&nbsp; "Please call me Rose, Laura." My naughty girl said, talking Laura's hand.&nbsp; "May I offer you a cup of coffee or tea?"&nbsp; "That would be lovely, Rose." "I'd love a cup of coffee." "David and I brought croissants and Amish butter." 

Laura and Rose casually walked in to the house together chatting away, leaving David and I standing in the driveway with the butter and croissants.

I turned to David, scowling. "It was all Laura's idea." He said laughing. "She wanted to surprise you." David explained.&nbsp; "Laura wanted to meet the woman who finally reeled you in.... no pun indented."

"You are an asshole." I said laughing. "If we hurry we can still have breakfast with the ladies and be on our way before ten."

When we arrived home early Sunday afternoon, I was not at all surprised to find Laura and Rose together waiting for us.
Laura was dressed nice, but then Laura always dresses nice. That afternoon my eyes were on my sweet Rose.

Laura must have taken her shopping while we were gone: Rose looked incredible. She was wearing a pair of tight blue denim Levi jeans which displayed her marvelous figure. 

Rose had on short red leather boots with semi-pointed toes with a walking heel, stylish, comfortable and sexy. Rose's blouse was a white voile cotton, an embroidered peasant blouse-satiny sky blue embroidery on the front, the sleeves and around the neck, the smocked neckline had a sky-blue tasseled neckline tie at the center front and matching trailing tassel ties on the three-quarter sleeves, the hem-unadorned.

Rose's hair was pinned up in a sleek cinnamon bun, a style both simple and elegant. And her makeup.... well, it accented her eyes for one, the rest, perfect for her complexion; my god, she was drop dead gorgeous. 

The look on her face as she watched me staring at her. Rose's smile was sunlight.... warm and inviting. Rose looked fabulous and she knew it.&nbsp; Laura was standing behind Rose and was beaming. David was unloading his truck.

I took Rose's hands in mine. She had been given a manicure and buff with a coat of clear nail polish.... they looked much better.

I bent over to kiss Rose as she melted into me, as she always melts into to me.&nbsp; Oblivious to everything but her, I closed my eyes and hugged her, savoring our moment.

When I opened them, Laura was standing behind Rose smiling and wiping tears from her eyes; David was standing behind me with his hands folded.... waiting.

"We wish to thank you two boys for volunteering to take us two girls out to dinner." "There is a live band at the Gun Smoke this evening and they are serving all you can eat ribs." Laura announced. "I have a change of clothing laid out for you in the bathroom David and I brought your shaving kit.

We all had a wonderful evening at the Gun Smoke. Rose comported herself as a lady and received many admiring glances from the men present.

I underestimated her; Rose was an excellent dancer, such graceful movements. In this, Rose and Laura are much the same; I have two left feet when it comes to dancing and prefer the slow dances. As we danced together, I was content to let Rose lead.

When we got home that evening, my naughty girl was all over me. "Let's go upstairs and make love." She purred. "What did I tell you about my your nails?" I asked.&nbsp; But I fixed them just for you." "Laura showed me how."&nbsp; Rose said, hugging me and unbuttoning my shirt to get at my chest, and then kissing and licking.&nbsp; I will think about it."&nbsp; "But Adam, that's not fair."&nbsp; She said pouting." I pulled her close and kissed her luscious lips.

"You look beautiful this evening my love." "But you will obey me."&nbsp; I said, kissing her hands.&nbsp; "You are the best thing that has ever happened to me, my naughty girl." "I want you to be the first thing I see in the morning when I awake to your kisses, and I want my arms around you before I fall asleep at night."&nbsp;&nbsp; Rose reached up and touched my face. "Can we go to bed now, I want to suck on your cock?" 

"Not yet, I want you to strip for me and slowly." I said, putting Rose's hands behind her back.&nbsp; "Tonight we are going to spice things up." 

I walked her over to the living room holding onto her hands and put her in a corner. "You do not have permission to speak." I said slapping her tight little ass sharply, making her jump. "Keep your hands behind your back and close your eyes." I ordered letting go of her little hands. "I advise you not to move, my naughty girl."

I went workshop and returned with the tall stool that Rose liked to sit on to read and put it in the kitchen. From there I went into my bedroom and changed into my black Kimono and brought down a red silk headscarf, plus a small coil of soft red 1/4-inch braided kevlar rope and a leather pouch containing my haircutting kit, and then going downstairs to sit in my armchair.

"Come here my dear and stand in front of me."&nbsp; "I love your hair this way; very elegant and lady like."&nbsp; "You may strip for me now but do not touch your hair." 

 Rose was standing before me naked, smiling and licking her lips and teeth sticking out her little tongue to tease me; she looked beautiful and knew it.

"You are a very beautiful woman my love, it is such a delight just to watch you undress." I said, getting up, now that she was naked and vulnerable. I stood behind her stroking her breasts, watching her nipples harden at my touch; telling her
"Such wonderfully sensitive nipples." I whispered, while I nuzzled her neck, and kissed and licked her ears.&nbsp; "I believe that I can make you come without touching your little clit."

"Close your eyes."&nbsp; I took the red silk headscarf from my robe pocket and covered her eyes, tying the scarf behind her head, and then licking and sucking her luscious round breasts. Rose's head was tilted back and her hands were in my hair and caressing my face.

Soon I had her moaning with pleasure in her arousal, her sweet little cunt dripping with desire. Rose's hips were gyrating; she was squeezing her legs and thighs together trying to stimulate herself. 

I could sense her orgasm starting to crest. Rose reached down to touch herself and I slapped her ass just hard enough to sting.&nbsp; "None of that, my naughty girl." I said.

"Put your arms behind your back, hands together with your palms out." as I slapped her ass again, making her, moan with pleasure, the jolt stimulating her clitoris.

I lashed her wrists together with the red rope. "There no longer is any need for you to masturbate."&nbsp; You are my woman now, and you will obey me, naughty girl."&nbsp; You will not masturbate without my permission." "You will submit to me and do as you are told." 
"Heaven help you if I you ever disobey for any reason because you will be punished; you will be spanked hard. I will not hold back...and it will hurt.&nbsp; I told her harshly.&nbsp; 

"I will provide for your pleasure as you will provide for mine."
I whispered in her ear, kissing her neck and throat and face.&nbsp; 

I kissed her mouth long and deep, caressing her little tongue with mine. I then continued finishing her orgasm by licking and sucking on her breasts and lightly slapping her cute little ass, listening to her moan loudly, watching her squirm, unable to get loose and completely at my mercy.

Taking off her blindfold, and holding her face in my hands, I looked into her beautiful brown eyes and said, "I know you so well my love." "As you know me.... when, where, and how to push my buttons you little vixen." "We were meant for one another." "When you melt into me as no woman ever has, I feel as if you are a part of me; you know it as well. 

I took of my robe and briefs and sat in my armchair ordering Rose to get down on her knees in front of me. "You may now speak you little vixen." "Tell me what you want." "I want to suck on your cock." She said, kissing my stomach and sticking her little tongue in my navel, and smiling mischievously.

"Are you still horny my naughty girl?" "Do you want me to fuck your cunt?'&nbsp; I asked, as I was taking the hairpins from her bun. "I want to lick and suck your cock first."

"There we are, the last one."&nbsp; I said, dropping the hairpin to the floor." You have such a thick ponytail"&nbsp; "Start by licking the tip in a circular motion."

"Yes that's right.... keep it up.... good, but open your eyes and look at me when you suck my cock." "Very nice, that's how to use your tongue." 

"Lick the shaft, the entire length, yes, yes, that feels wonderful..................." 

I wrapped my hand around her ponytail, pulling her head back. "Do you know what is in the leather pouch?" I asked.
Yes, Adam." she said softly. "You love your hair long, don't you Rose my love?" I asked. "Yes...are you going to cut my ponytail off?" Rose asked, looking worried.

"If I did, would you leave me Rose?"&nbsp; "No, I just want to please you. "I am your woman after all " She answered, truthfully. "I love you more then anything, including my hair."

"But you would submit even though you would not want me to cut your hair short?" "Yes Adam, please don't cut my hair."&nbsp; "I would hate it short!"&nbsp; Rose pleaded, staring to cry; real tears falling from her beautiful brown eyes.

"Hush" I said, wiping away her tears, and kissing her. "I am not going to cut off your ponytail or cut your hair short."

"From this moment forward, I will determine how long your hair will be and how it will be cut and only I am allowed to cut it."&nbsp; "You are forbidden to change anything about your hair without my permission."

"You do need a good cut however."&nbsp; Your braid narrows at the bottom where your hair is thinner."&nbsp; "I want your braid the same thickness the entire length."&nbsp; "Stand up and turn around my love."&nbsp; I ordered, untying her wrists, and taking her hair out of the ponytail, letting it fall long and loose to the bottom of her ass cheeks."

"Tomorrow, after we are both well rested, I will blunt cut it waist length." I advised her, placing my hand level with her trim waist. "Your braid will look so much nicer, plus it will be easier to put up in a bun, not to mention the perfect length for a sexy long ponytail."

Rose stood there with her hands behind her, smoothing her hair over her ass cheeks.&nbsp; Gathering her hair in a ponytail, Rose brought the ponytail in front of her and looked at her ends.... frowning, I standing in front of my armchair watching.

Letting her hair drop behind her, Rose but her arms around my neck, kissing me, caressing my tongue with her little one.
Stepping back, she put her hands on my chest and started caressing and kissing it. My naughty girl was smiling now, her dimples on display, the same mischievous look on her face as when she was in the bathroom with me before I chased her outside. 

Rose pushed me down into my armchair and got on her knees, going down on me, kissing, licking and sucking. 

My hands were buried in her hair, while I talked Rose through her first blowjob; deep throating her, but pulling out just enough so when I came and exploded in her mouth so Rose wouldn't gag. Rose swallowed every bit of semen and finished by licking my cock and balls clean. Afterwards, we sat in the kitchen and shared a small pot of chamomile tea. 


Rose excitedly told me about her weekend with Laura; Including what they did and where they went shopping, mostly window shopping; with the exception for Rose's makeup, on which she splurged, and the one outfit that Rose wore this evening.&nbsp; Obviously Rose was very impressed with Laura and well she should be, they both coming from similar backgrounds, and they spent most of the weekend together, just talking and doing as Rose put it: "girl things."&nbsp; I just sat and listened to her talk.&nbsp; Even so, I was tired and needed to sleep. "I'm exhausted and will be heading off to bed, will you join me?" I asked.&nbsp; 

I awoke in the morning with Rose asleep, snuggled up against me. I put my arms around her and let her sleep,
playing with her long hair, thinking about and anticipating cutting her hair. I was pleased with the progress I had made with her in such a short period of time.

I was positive that I would be able to break her of biting her nails. As I said before, Rose has beautiful hands. Not that I liked long painted nails on woman; Quite the contrary, short sensible and well manicured nails with a clear coat of polish for my Rose. If necessary, she would receive my good right hand on her bare bottom to coax her along.

I had already decided about her clothing. I would replace everything piece by piece until all of her Blanche clothing was gone. The maid uniform was just the start. I would ease her into my preferences gradually, making my preferences her own, as I was doing with her hair; no layers or bangs, perms or change of color; just a simple blunt cut that will remain waist length.

The internet was the key for Rose's clothing. I would select unique and beautiful things for Rose that is not available in the box big stores or in most snotty women's boutiques, starting with her undergarments. On occasion I will take her shopping, and she may make selections for my approval, this being a wonderful opportunity to show her off. 

After lying in bed for a while, I got up to shit, shower and shave, in that order. While I was soaping up in the shower, I heard Rose walk into the bathroom, and I quickly rinsed my face.&nbsp; I saw a little hand with a white towel come around the back of the shower curtain, waving the towel back and forth.&nbsp; Rose stepped naked into the shower with me holding a large natural sea sponge and a bar of Musgo Real Men's Body Soap. 

"I bought these for you when I went shopping with Laura." Rose told me. "Thank you my love, what a nice surprise." Are you going to wash me now?" I asked, receiving yet another blush from her. "Only if you kiss me first." Rose replied, and I did.

Rose rubbed me down with the coarse soapy sea sponge and it felt wonderful, but used her little hands to wash my privates. I let her wash my hair with my old standby: Johnson's Baby Shampoo, now it was her turn.

Opening the shower curtain, Rose reached down for her castile soap and handed it to me. "I want you to use your hands, sweetheart. I have shampoo and conditioner for my hair." She said. "After you wash me, I will shave and then you can do my hair."&nbsp; "You are just full of surprises this morning you little vixen."&nbsp; Rose just smiled.

Rose shaved her legs, under her arms and then her pubis while I watched, followed by me washing and conditioning her hair.

After we toweled off, it was time for Rose's haircut. As in my workshop, she was not allowed to speak as to not distract me until I was finished. We went to the kitchen and Rose sat nude on her stool, while I combed her hair out. Next, I divided her hair into sections, twisting them up and clipping them on the top of her head. I combed out the first section again and cut it straight across, exactly waist length, bringing each uncut section down to the cut sections, using these as a guide.&nbsp; After it was dried, I combed her hair out again and evened out any stray pieces that I missed until the bottom was cut perfectly straight and even.&nbsp; I braided Rose's hair in the simple braid that she wore that night six months ago in my kitchen.

Rose's thick and silky braid was now the same thickness the entire length. "You may look at and touch your hair now my love, I am very satisfied with the results."&nbsp; 

I chose the kitchen to cut her hair for many reasons. For one this is where I first met her and we made our first connection.
Second there are no mirrors for her to view her haircut; Rose could never be sure how short I was actually cutting her hair and I did not allow her to touch it during the cut. If Rose had gone to a salon to have her hair cut and styled, she would have be able to view the cut in progress and consult with and make suggestions to the stylist; as would any woman at the salon, Rose would in charge of her hair and be able to make choices. On some level, Rose's submissive nature allowed her to enjoy my dominance over her.

There was no doubt that Rose loves me, as I love her. Intellectually and emotionally, Rose trusts me enough to be assured that I know the difference between dominance and abuse; For my part I will never violate that trust; Rose knows how to push my buttons. Whether intentionally, subconsciously or both, I really can't say. Perhaps this is why I find her so fascinating. Rose will always remain a challenge to explore.

Getting back to the haircut: Rose pulled her braid from behind her and examined it intently. I could tell she was pleased. "I watched her unbraid her hair and let it fall down her back to her waist, shaking her head, the reaching back to feel the ends, frowning then smiling.&nbsp; Next she brushed it, followed by pulling her hair up into a ponytail, feeling it's weight and thickness; and finally twisting it up into a cinnamon, pinning the perfect size bun in place.

Rose was almost shaking with excitement. "Sweetherart you are right, I love it." "It is much easier to fix in a bun for you and my braid and ponytail look and feel better!"

We had breakfast and I had Rose put on her maid's uniform to go shopping but I did not tell her where we were going or for what. Rose came down wearing her makeup, artfully applied thanks to Laura's mentoring.&nbsp; Our first stop was to a large mall to visit Frederick's of Hollywood. I bought her a black garter belt, black thong, an under corset, plus a pair of black fishnet stockings and a pair of red pumps. Before we left the store, I made her change into them. Rose initially balked, but relented when I folded my arms and gave her a look.&nbsp; 

Next we went shopping for groceries. My time as a bachelor gave me a lot of time on my hands, working out of my home the same. I have always shopped in many small specialty markets, and Mom &amp; Pop stores whenever possible. 

I always buy my jars of kimchi, rice, and hot peppers from Mr. Pang, my spices and teas, and coffee from Mr. Adani's Indian Specialty Market. Mr. Adani also owns the Little India Restaurant.&nbsp; 

We then had lunch in a little family dinner famous for their fresh ground 1/2-pound hamburgers, onion rings and homemade root beer in frosted glass mugs. 

I chose a corner both for us sitting close to my sweet Rose and took her bun down and played with her ponytail while we 
were waiting for our order and received many kisses from Rose, snuggled up next to me.

After we finished shopping for groceries, I put the perishables in the ice chest with block ice and locked the truck. We went to the bookstore and spent a few hours there looking through books and magazines and sipping coffee. 

Dropping the groceries at home, I had Rose pack us a lunch and I put a tarp and two sleeping bags in the bed of the truck while she changed into jeans and green flannel shirt.

I took the back roads to a private road that I have permission to use; originally as an access to a trout stream. However, this late afternoon I had something else in mind. I knew where there was a spot hidden from view and accessible by a single hidden path and surrounded with impenetrable thorn bushes.&nbsp; The clearing we entered was a small flat hillock, approximately forty-foot in diameter and covered with soft grass and clover. 

I purchased this five-acre parcel of posted land containing the hillock from an old farmer and his son. Covered with large boulders, thorny bushes, sumac, scrub, plus numerous rabbit warrens. Worthless for planting, almost impossible to clear; It was a bonus in this case being landlocked. The only access to even get close to it was the gated private road. 
I have a 99-year right-of-way and no doubt that old farmer was unaware of the clearing. 

Before we entered, I blindfolded Rose with her red silk scarf and told her to wait. I carried everything in that we brought and came back bringing her to the center of the circle. 

Taking off her blindfold, I asked, "Well, what do you think?" "Adam it's beautiful, how did you find it?"&nbsp; She said, sitting down and running her hand through the grass and clover.

I sat down next to her, "I was fishing for brooks and I saw the largest buck rabbit that I have ever seen sitting up on it's hind legs watching me."&nbsp; "I tried getting closer to see if he was a pet or partially tamed." "He kept hopping away and the stopping and looking back to see if I was following him."

"The closest I got to him was no more then 75 yards."&nbsp; "I followed him in here, but once inside, he was no where to be seen" "Adam, is that true or are you teasing me?" I am not teasing, and you are the first person that I have ever brought here." I said, sitting down next to her.

"Do you think it could be a fairy mound and the little people dance here by the light of the moon?" Rose asked, poking fun at me and smiling. "I've never seen any, and I have spent the night here many times.", I replied. "You have been here at night?" Rose asked.&nbsp; "When the weather is nice, yes, I've slept here."&nbsp; "Are we going to slept here?" Rose asked, pushing me on my back and snuggling down next to me. 

Yes.... you are not afraid of the dark, are you Rose?" Not with you holding me sweetheart, are you going to build a fire?" She asked. "Not here, my love, it would be wrong." I answered. "This place seems so pristine and primal."&nbsp; "At night, if you close your eyes and concentrate,you will sense a pure, positive and wild energy... a force if you will emanating from the ground and contained within the circle."&nbsp; "We don't want to offend your sprites and pixies." I added. "Or your rabbit." Rose offered kissing my mouth and smiling. "Don't believe me then, you impertinent vixen." "I want you naked, strip." After she stripped I put her red silk scarf back on her again as a blindfold.

"On your knees with your head down and your ass up in the air." "Very nice, my naughty girl, don't move." I took her clothing and put in the car.&nbsp; "Your clothing is in the car my dear."&nbsp; "Adam, you can't...." I interrupted her again as she raised her head with a sharp slap on the ass. "Put your head down." "You will not tell me what I can and cannot do." "Do you understand?" I asked, again slapping her on the ass, sharply. "I will do anything that I want with you Rose."&nbsp; 

"Yes, sweetheart." She replied. "Good, don't let me hear ever you say Adam you can't, again!" "I will not suffer a disobedient woman." " I will give you your clothing back when it pleases me." I said, stroking her plump pink
pussy lips, and making her moan with pleasure.

I started lightly spanking her little twat, making her moan even louder, alternating my stroking and probing with my fingers, just touching her clitoris and pulling out.

"Please Adam." She begged. "Please Adam what?" I asked. "Please fuck me Sir." She begged. "You are a horny little vixen." "Say I'm a horny little vixen Sir, please fuck my cunt.", I said, giving her ass a slap. "I'm a horny little vixen Sir, please fuck my cunt".&nbsp; She repeated. "Whose woman are you naughty girl?" "I'm your woman, Sir." "Please fuck my cunt."

"Fuck me hard, I want to come." I undressed and entered her sweet little cunt with my cock, almost oblivious to everything but pleasing myself. I was lost in my orgasm; better then any that I had experienced before; here with Rose in our special place. I was vaguely aware her screaming fuck my cunt; fuck my cunt over and over as I was pounding her, as she achieved orgasm after orgasm. I pounded her so hard that I we both had grass stains on our hands, arms legs and knees.

I felt so wild, so free, being naked on that isolated hillock.&nbsp; I wrapped my hand around her ponytail.&nbsp;&nbsp; "I want you to taste your sweet little cunt juices as I have tasted it."&nbsp; I pushed her face into my groin and made her lick and suck me clean, but still I was not satisfied. This excited me and I was soon hard again. "You will suck on my cock woman."&nbsp; "You may play with yourself while you are doing so."&nbsp; "After I have come, you will again clean me with your mouth."

I took her hair out of her ponytail, wrapping my hands in it while Rose licked and sucked greedily until I came in her mouth and she swallowed all of my semen. Then Rose continued sucking, masturbating until she came as well. 
We both lay on our backs in the grass exhausted and drained; but in a good way, our sexual energy added to that of the circle and watching the clouds drifting by.

The evening being chilly, we made love in our sleeping bags.... slower.... gentler and more intimate. Then we cuddled to keep warm, enjoying the night together. It was very dark and quiet.&nbsp; We watched the fireflies, the only lights besides the moon and stars. That evening I learned about her ruby ring. In the middle of the night, Rose woke me up nudging me and whispering, "Adam, are you awake?" "I am awake now." "What do you want?' "Adam look by the entrance."&nbsp; "I see your rabbit!" And so did I.............................
 
The next six months went as planned. I exchanged her clothing piece by piece. I replaced all of her under garments with silk ones, frilly with lace or plain panties, plus silk bras of all descriptions with silk bodices to cover them. I bought her under corsets and garter belts and garters for her stockings, including thongs. Rose had nice cotton and silk blouses. Fine wool, satins or velvet, pima cotton and cashmere dresses and shirts or blouses to wear. Rose had nice shoes, sandals and boots. Everything we bought was unique and beautiful and uncommon. Nothing transitory, fickle or ridiculous as seen on the so-called fashion runways. Rose chose a heavy virgin wool red capote for the winter. 

In short, she was developing her own style and walked with a confidence she didn't possess one short year ago.&nbsp; 
Rose dressed to please me and was regularly turning heads now enjoying the attention, but knowing her place. Even the neighbors were treating her differently, stopping to talk to her when she was coming or going.

Rose and Laura go shopping and have lunch together every Tuesday. On one particular Tuesday, while finishing their lunch, Clarete stopped at their table staring at her sister Rose, as if not believing what she was seeing. Rose was always more beautiful then her younger sister, now Rose was better dressed and was wearing her ruby ring; her birthright, the ring that her sister Clarete coveted.&nbsp; 

 Clarete attempted to embarrass and cow Rose as she always had and demanded the ruby ring. Rose stood up and folded her arms and gave her a look until Clarete stopped ranting and raving, Clarete now aware of the negative attention that she was bringing to herself.&nbsp; Rose and Laura then turned their backs to Clarete, dismissing her with a wave of the hand, and walked away with the applause of most of the patrons in the restaurant for silencing the obnoxious slattern. 
This no doubt infuriated Clarete, whom was so used to getting her way; and forced the final ugly confrontation later that day where I interceded to keep her punk boyfriend away from my Rose.

I was in my workshop at my fly tying bench relaxing and working on a size-12 hares ear nymph. My truck was at the dealership getting detailed and would be ready tomorrow morning. When I am concentrating on my tying, 
I often tune things out and am oblivious to outside stimuli. Some how or other, the hook impaled itself on my thumb breaking my concentration.&nbsp; 

I got off my stool cursing my carelessness and removing the hook. I glanced out the window to see a black Corvette parked in my driveway and something about it didn't feel right. 

A thought popped into my head, " Beware the jabberwocky!" 

I ran to the house to find Rose was struggling and being forcibly held by the new boyfriend, having Rose's in an arm lock with his hand over her mouth to keep her from screaming. Clarete was trying to get Rose's ring off and was punching her because Rose refused to unclench her fist.

"Give her the ring or I will break your arm!" The bastard said, applying pressure, Rose's muffled scream enraging me enough to want to kill him. I punched the bastard behind the ear, a very dangerous thing to do because in my rage I could have killed him. At the time I didn't care because it got the result that I wanted; he immediately crumpled to the floor unconscious, allowing Rose break away unharmed.

"Rose are you all right, did he hurt you?"&nbsp; I asked hugging her gently. "Adam, he has handcuffs in his pocket and a switchblade knife." I pushed Clarete away from the bastard as she tried to get the knife out of his pocket, retrieving both the knife and cuffs. I went and picked up the telephone to call the police. Rose, put her hand on my shoulder, "No Adam, please don't involve the police." Do what you have to do." "My sister has been allowed to run wild all her life and it has to stop, now." 

Smiling and folding my arms, I looked at Clarete for the first time with contempt, nevertheless studying her. She was sitting on her floor, her back against the lower cupboards, cowering.&nbsp; Five years younger then Rose and about the same height but a good thirty pounds heavier. Clarete was a plain woman with a tanning booth tan and layered mid- back length jet-black hair and was wearing far too much makeup making her look a hooker.&nbsp; Judging from her clothing, Clarete was trying to dress and act like a teenager and not pulling it off. Clarete had expensive rings on every finger including her thumbs. Disgusted with her greed, I made her take them all off and I put them on the kitchen table. 

I reached down and grabbed Clarete by her long hair dragging the slattern to her unconscious boyfriend. Still holding Clarete's hair, I forced her to her knees next to him handing her the handcuffs. "Put these on you greedy tramp."&nbsp; "Good, now get the cuff keys out of his pocket and give them to me." 

"Is that your Corvette in the driveway Clarete?" I asked, now starting to calm down, my anger slowly draining away. "It's a lease." "What are you going to do with me?"&nbsp; She whined. "I will ask the questions and you will answer." I said, pulling her up by the hair and making her stand. Rose walked over to us rubbing her arm, a very serious look on her face. "How could you do this to me Clarete?"&nbsp; "I'm your only sister."&nbsp; "He almost broke my arm." "It was bad enough the way you acted when Dad died, but this..."&nbsp; "You know the history of the ruby." 

"Your boyfriend is coming to Clarete." Rose advised her, pointing at the boyfriend, now on his hands and knees, vomiting on our clean floor. "Don't you think he is a little young for you?" "He does not look more than fifteen to me." "When did you start dating children?"&nbsp; Clarete stared at the floor not answering. "Answer your sister!" I warned, tugging at her soon to be gone long her hair.&nbsp; "Duke is eighteen, old enough to fight for his country." He loves me and we are engaged to be married." Clarete replied. Duke slowly got to his feet looking scared. "What about you Puke?" "What do you have to say for yourself, Puke", I repeated; mocking him. "Are you ready to fight for your true love's honor, Puke?"&nbsp; I asked smiling. "It was all her idea!" he blurted out, pointing at Clarete and frantically looking around for a way to escape. "Clarete said that when the ruby was sold, she would pay off the shylock and we would be moving to Hawaii."&nbsp; 

I turned my back to him knowing what would happen next, and Puke bolted for the back door. But I was ready for him. 
I grabbed the back of his shirt, then his arm, pinning it behind his back.... then I broke his thumb making him scream like a little girl. "That was for Rose, little girl." "You make me ill."&nbsp; "If you open your ball washer again, I will gladly break your other thumb, bitch."&nbsp; "You are not family." "Assault, Robbery, Weapons 1st., plus attempted kidnapping will get you a minimum 25 to life in Attica." "I'm sure a pretty white boy like you will soon be somebody's whore bitch to be passed around." "Clean up your mess bitch then go outside by the car and wait" When he was done cleaning the floor with paper towels and Lysol, Puke drove away burning rubber and leaving his fianc� stranded... so much for true love. The punk grabbed all of her rings off the table before he left.

Now I turned my attention to Clarete, who was sitting on the floor in a corner crying while Rose was standing in over her with her arms folded and looking down at her blubbering sister. "Adam, take a look at the nice present my dear sister Clarete bought me." It's in her purse on the table." Opening the oversized purse, I removed new electric hair clippers still in the blister pack. It was not hard to guess whom it was intended to be used on, Rose..............................................

 

 



























































































 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;


















 
 






























































































































 
































































 








































































































 











 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
































































































Painting The Roses Red Part II, The Final Chapter
By Beagle9690
November 2008

"Get on your feet you miserable wretch." I commanded, grabbing her hair, pulling her to her feet and then putting her face close to mine. "What is the name of the shylock and whom is he collecting for?" "Remember, things will go badly for you if you lie to me!" 

"He said his name was Frank." She replied, "I owe him ten thousand dollars." "Whom is he collecting for?" I asked, giving her head a jerk.&nbsp; "I don't know." "I met him in a bar with some bleached blond." "I think that her name was Mary or Martha; something like that."&nbsp; 

"Rose my love, go upstairs to our bedroom and wait for me." "Your sister and I are going to have a little chat." "Do not come back downstairs for any reason." "I do no want you to know about or be exposed to this dirty affair or the people involved." 
"Yes sweetheart, I am sure you know what's best." As Rose was leaving I laughed to myself at the expression on Clarete's face.

After Rose was upstairs, I said, "Now there goes a kind, sweet Lady and I love her dearly."&nbsp; Turning my attention back to Clarete, and jerking her head with her hair, "Let me get this straight." I asked her. "You expect me to believe that you met a strange man in a bar, his name was Frank and he loaned you ten thousand dollars but you don't even know his last name...you expect me to believe that?" "I'm telling you the truth, I swear to God!" Clarete exclaimed.

Letting go of her hair, and then shaking my head and sighing, "It is a shame that you are not more like your sister, Clarete." "You are either lying or not telling me the complete truth." "Obviously you have no idea of what you may have gotten yourself into; shylocks are not nice people." I told her as I removed her handcuffs.&nbsp; "And if you continue lying to me...................................." 

I punched her in the stomach, pulling the punch, doubling her over before she sank to her knees, gasping for breath. I hoped that I wouldn't have to hit her that hard again with my fist. The implied threat that I would do it again should be enough. Rose was sweet and kind, very pliable.... truly good person. Clarete on the other hand was not. In order to get Clarete to comply and change her ways, I had to first break her, making Claret totally dependent on me for everything.&nbsp; 

"While we are on the subject of God." "You are not lay hands on your sister ever again." "God help you if you dare even to raise your voice to Rose." "You will never be your sister's equal!"&nbsp; "No matter how smart and clever that you think you are." "The sooner that you learn that the happier you will be." 

I made Clarete crawl on her hands and knees to the basement and handcuffed her hands behind her back. Then I tied a rope around her neck and to the jack post. Using my serrated Spiderco Cricket, I cut Clarete's tube top blouse off. I then fashioned a gag out of it and then wrapped a bar of Ivory Soap in it before placing it over her mouth and tying it snuggly behind her head.&nbsp; "Perhaps now you will think twice before lying to me or leaving out information." "I will be back later for the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth." I then cut off her bra and black Capri pants leaving her in panties only.

I needed to watch Clarete carefully over the next few weeks. I did not want any distractions. My friend David has connections knowing many powerful, influential people.&nbsp; Although soft-spoken, David is no pushover. As much as he loves his wife Laura, and as classy and confident as Laura is, she will always defer to him. We made arrangements to send Laura and Rose to a very exclusive spa and resort, making reservations for them and getting them out of the way for the next two weeks. 

On the plus side, both of them were excited about the prospect at getting away to do girl things together. David would be available to help with the shylock if things got ugly; the girls now safely tucked away. I can always count on David being discrete; he didn't ask why I needed to be alone for the next two weeks.... or longer.

Clarete spent the rest of the day and the following night secured to the post. When I checked on her early the following morning, Rose and Laura were being driven to the airport to catch their plane to Colorado. Clarete had soiled herself, and then in an effort to get comfortable managed to get her feces on the floor; that was to be expected. "How dare you crap on my clean floor like some kind of ill mannered puppy?" I said, feigning anger. "Obviously you were never properly house broken."&nbsp; I removed her gag noticing the dissolved soap that she managed to spit and drool down the front of her. 

Removing her soiled panties, I made her kneel by the floor drain and hosed her off with cold water, and then the floor, followed by mopping the painted concrete floor with a bleach and water solution; a plan formulating in my mind to further break and humiliate her. 
I let her drink from the hose to rinse her mouth out, letting her spit the soap into one of the two stainless steel bowls that she would be drinking out of, the other was for her Purina Puppy chow.

"Lets start over puppy." "I offered. Removing her handcuffs. Get on your hands and knees, good girl." "Exactly how much money did Frank give you in the bar?" I asked, pushing her wet hair away from her face. "He gave me one thousand dollars." Puppy replied. "You told me it was ten thousand yesterday." I reminded her.&nbsp; "The other nine is the interest."&nbsp; "Please let me go." "I promise..."&nbsp;&nbsp; 

"Save your breath and save my ears" I said, interrupting her by slapping her ass hard with my hand. "What is in it for him?" I asked. "Why did he loan you the money?" "He told me that he was tired of the bitch and pointed to the bleached blond sitting next to him." 
"He said it right in front of her, Mary or Martha, whatever." "He said that we should go to Los Vegas for the weekend and party." 
"Did you go?" I asked.&nbsp; "No, I blew him off." she replied.&nbsp; "The name and location of the bar?" I asked. "The Golden Key, on Mix Place." She replied.

"I know of the place." "It's a scum bag bar that is frequently raided by the police." I said in disgust. "You had no business going there in the first place and now you probably have involved your sister and I as well." "The shylock is likely to push up on us for your debt." "Do you hate your sister that much, Puppy?' "Did you tell the shylock about us?" "Do you know his last name?" Clarete hesitated before answering and I knew she would lie. "No, I swear to God." "I...

I slapped her face, first with the back of my hand and then with my palm making her see stars. Grabbing her hair, I pulled her over to a chair and sat down putting her over my knee and holding her in place, spanked with my right hand. "You are lying to me," I told her. 
I spanked her until her buttocks were beet red and Puppy was pleading with me to stop... admitting that she lied and I continued until she was merely whimpering, going limp and accepting her well-deserved punishment.&nbsp; I left her handcuffed in the front this time, securing her with a rope around her neck to the jack post. 

I placed a clean gag in her mouth and spread newspapers on the floor for her to sleep on. Then I drove to the pet shop to pick up some supplies, going next to Radio Shack for a wireless camera and monitor. On the way home I saw a small plastic child's wading pool put out to the curb as trash. It was a silly thing, but no doubt a treasure and delight to a small child's imagination on a hot sunny summer day; bright yellow with cartoon sea horses, octopuses and fish. Growing up on a farm, money was tight. As a small child I remember my submarine.... an old galvanized sheet metal watering trough with a slow leak.&nbsp; My Dad would get in with me to cool off, just coming in from the fields. 

God bless him, Dad would make me paper hats from newspapers and carved boats from small blocks of wood: Dad was an old navy man, a submariner. What are your orders Admiral, he would say. Afterwards we would sit on the porch and share a double Popsicle broken in half. It made me rather melancholy, weighing the things I was missing...well.... back on subject; it was undamaged and without holes so I put it in the back of the truck and then took a detour to pick up some large bags kitty litter.

After breakfast, I carried the wading pool to the basement, putting it near Puppy. She was cowering by the jack post expecting another beating. "Please, I have to pee." Puppy begged. "Please I have to pee, Sir." I corrected her, observing that the newspapers were dry and unsoiled. "Please, I have to pee Sir." "May I please use the bathroom?" She begged. "In a bit." I replied, going back upstairs to the truck to get the kitty litter and making several trips until the wading pool was half full.

"Your rope will reach the litter box."&nbsp; I advised her, taking off her handcuffs and pointing. "You will do your business in the litter
box you plump little puppy." I made her crawl on her hands and knees into the pool. "Good girl!" I told her, patting her head. 
"Go pee- pee and pooh-pooh Puppy." "When I am convinced you are housebroken, I may allow you use of the toilet, depending how your obedience training goes." I advised her rubbing and patting her head as she peed and shat.&nbsp; 

Clarete the puppy was crying quietly in her humiliation. When she was done, I stood over her with my arms folded looking down at her in the litter box. "Look at me Puppy." I told her. "I do not care how Rose addresses you." "No matter how things turn out between us; as Blanche became my sweet Rose, you shall be my Puppy." "Perhaps I may even grow to like you... perhaps not." "For now I hold you in contempt and you will obey me!" "Obedience is you only salvation."

Going back upstairs, I returned with her wire mesh dog kennel and assembled it while Puppy watched. It was high enough for her to 
be on her hands and knees, but not tall enough to sit up, and was perfect for her to assume the posture of a bitch dog. I again left and returned with the surveillance camera setting it up to watch her small section of the basement. Placing a folded blanket in Puppy's kennel, I made her crawl in closing the door, then locking it with a padlock. "Can I have something to eat Sir?" She asked.&nbsp; "It is may I have something to eat, not can I, college girl."&nbsp; I corrected her. "I will be feeding you in an hour."&nbsp; "You will be fed twice a day." 

I returned in an hour with a bowl of dry puppy chow and a bowl of water. "Here you go Puppy." "You may not use your hands to eat."
I said, putting the bowls down and opening the door to the kennel. It was not my intention to make her eat dog food for the next two
weeks. I intended on purchasing the smallest bag available. Fortunately I took advantage of a promotion and brought home one free sample. 

U.S. law requires that pet foods be processed. A high quality product like Purina is a processed food and is required to meet the same strict standards as food processed for human consumption. While not particularly palatable, when she is hungry enough Puppy will eat it.&nbsp; That will be the first mental shackle I will place on her. The second, making her beg for her dog food and be glad to get it. When Clarete eats it, and she will, I will move on to another mental shackle.

"Are you going to eat?" I asked as Puppy crawled out of her kennel, and looked down at her bowl of Purina. Claret just shook her head, tears forming in her eyes. "Suit yourself." I told her, removing the food bowl but leaving the water. "It's time for your bath and haircut." Puppy crawled up two flights of stairs to the bathroom and got into the tub staying on her hands and knees. I purchased Sergeant's Flea and Tick Shampoo as well as Crazy Dog Apple Conditioner for Puppy's hair. 

The Sergeant's contains insecticide. I dumped it out and then rinsed the bottle well before refilling it with Suave Green Apple Shampoo that matched the color of the original. Puppy didn't know that and I made sure she saw the bottles to read the labels.&nbsp; Taking my time and using my hands, I washed her all over with Rose's castile soap.&nbsp; As I was washing her, I was questioning and talking to her, "Think hard Puppy what is Frank's last name?" 

"Abzug, his name is Frank Abzug." She replied. "Good girl." I praised her, patting her ass. "You need to trust me or I can't help you." 
"In the short time that I have known Rose", I have grown to love her deeply." "Do you know that your sister does not hate you and has forgiven you for everything?" "Rose told me to tell you that, before I sent her away to be safe." "I am not as forgiving as she." "Rose is everything to me and you have put her in danger." "Your own flesh and blood, your sister!" "Have you no shame? 
No decency?"&nbsp; "When you meet your maker and he weighs your soul... your immortal soul Clatete, do you know what he will find, I shall tell you; green ink on paper?"&nbsp; 

I was becoming genuinely angry at her, my sublimated rage and resentment surfacing as I remembered her father's wake and funeral, and then afterwards; how Rose cried as I tried to comfort her. Rose cried, not for her father... not for herself...but for her sister, the sister that she loved; the sister that she cooked, cleaned, and cared for...sacrificed for.... Clarete, the sister Rose protected from their drunken abusive father. The sister that my Rose, my dear sweet Rose............ "God damn you woman!" 
I shouted angrily and then suddenly standing, I kicked the cast iron tub hard enough to hurt my foot and making Clarete cower at my outburst, the pain helping me master my anger as I left the bathroom to stand in the hallway to calm down, leaving her sobbing in the bathtub.

 When I returned, I started washing her hair. "One way or another I will settle with this shylock, this Frank Abzug!"&nbsp; I said calmly.
"Are you going to beat me again?" She asked sobbing. I just ignored her and started rinsing the shampoo from her hair. While I was rinsing out the conditioner, Puppy was still sobbing, "Are you going to shave me bald?" "Please, I told him, he knows where you live."
"I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I have to pay him." "He says he has people." "I'm afraid, I... I didn't know what to do." "You could have asked your sister to help." I told her. 

"You could have gone to the police." "I can't go to the police." "I can't snitch." She told me. "I'll go to jail." 
"I have shoplifting warrants in three states."&nbsp; "He said that if I didn't pay him by the end of the month I would owe him fifteen thousand and he would make me work it off as a prostitute."&nbsp; "I will check out your story and give you the benefit of the doubt for now." I told her. "If you are telling the truth, I will not beat you or shave your head." I finished by brushing her teeth for her, letting her spit into the bathtub drain.

I could have easily forced myself on her, but I put those carnal thoughts aside. Perhaps Clarete was not the hard case that I thought she was, perhaps there was hope for her after all. So far she was quite compliant and was not that bad to look at, despite the extra pounds. Puppy's bath was very business like and impersonal. So unlike the baths or showers I share with my Rose. I really should fence in the backyard and put in a hot tub...but I regress. I toweled her off in the same business like manner, she still on her hands and knees, and then wrapped her hair in a towel ordering her to stand. I put her hands behind her back and held them there.

"Stop your blubbering and feeling sorry for yourself." "Because you are Rose's sister and she loves you I will help you." "I give my word that I will protect you from the shylock!" "Stand straight and keep your hands behind your back so I can get a good look at you." "You do not have permission to speak." "I have all the information I need from you for now." "From this point on if you speak without permission I will beat your for disobeying me." "Do you understand Puppy?" Clarete nodded yes. 

Clarete had the same thick and soft well cared for hair as Rose, the difference being Puppy's hair color was a rich shiny jet black cut in long layers falling to the middle of her back. Their ears were the same, Puppy had a round face and no dimples and almost the same nose. Although her lips were not as full as Rose's, they were nice. Puppy's eyes were a darker brown, so brown as to appear almost black in the right light. Puppy had the same long eyelashes as Rose. "Open your mouth I want to see your teeth."
 I ordered, removing my Surefire ED2 flashlight from my pocket to examine them, sticking my fingers in her mouth and pulling her lips back. 

Puppy had good teeth and healthy gums, excellent. I did not approve of her long nails painted nails, many now broken from crawling on the floor. I cut them short and sensible and removed the nail polish.&nbsp; Slightly plump, she had a small belly and her hips were wider then Rose's, plus her breasts were larger with pinky brown areolas and bigger longer nipples; tight clothing really didn't suit her figure, which would be curvaceous upon she loosing 10 to 20 pounds. 

Puppy's pubis was covered in thick black hair and I stroked it with my hand making her shudder. "Your day's in the tanning booths are over." I told her. "Don't you realize the damage your are causing to your skin, not to mention the increased risk of skin cancer." "You have the same beautiful skin and complexion as your sister, why ruin it?" "Downstairs to the kitchen with you Puppy, its time for your haircut." "You may walk for now." 

I had her sit on the bar stool and then removed her towel. I combed her long hair out smoothing it down her back. Picking up the scissors, I separated a section of her hair in the front with my fingers and slowly chopped it off just below shoulder length, letting Puppy see the severed lock before dropping it to the floor. I continued this all the way around from right to left until the last snip.
I wet her hair again and combed it out before dividing her hair into sections, twisting them up and clipping them on the top of her head
with plastic butterfly clips. 

I combed out the first section again and cut it straight across, exactly to shoulder length, bringing each uncut section down to the cut sections, using these sections a guide.&nbsp; After I blow-dried Puppy's shorter hair, I checked for any stray pieces and evened them out with my scissors until the bottom was cut perfectly straight and even. It was now shoulder length with a good blunt cut: almost all of the layers gone. I planned on cutting it shorter as part of her punishment until Puppy was left with a short bob haircut. 

I played with her hair, fluffing it about her shoulders. It felt much thicker and fuller without the layers. I parted her hair in the middle
and divided it into two even sections, and then fixed Puppy's hair in pigtails. "Do you have to pee or poop?" I asked. Puppy nodded her head for yes. "Go down to the basement and use your litter box." "Remember, I can see everything you do on the monitor." 
"I will be recording everything on my laptop."&nbsp; 

"If your training goes well and you please me, I will not show anything to Rose." "Your punish will remain strictly between us."&nbsp; 
"After you do your potty, you will find baby-wipes in the red covered trash can." "You will wipe your bottom with the baby wipes, clean your hands with several others and put the soiled wipes in the can, and then come back to the kitchen." "After you return you have permission to speak." 

Puppy ran down the stairs and defecated and urinated in her litter box. I watched the look of relief on her face as she was going. Clarete must have been holding it for a while. My best guess was that when she returned she might be full of questions and be more cooperative. When she returned I pointed to the closet. "There is a broom and dustpan as well as a trashcan in the closet." I told her.
Puppy sweep up her hair and dumped it in the can putting everything away. "Get on the stool Puppy and put your hands behind
back." 

I dumped her oversized purse on the table going through the contents, removing her Drivers License, Social Security Card, Credit Cards to help with the background checks David would have one of his many contacts do: pro bono of course. These I scanned into my computer and sent to David as e-mail attachments and followed up in a telephone call that I made right in front of her. During the call I updated him of the unfolding events. 

We planned on bringing Puppy to David's and hiding her if necessary, contingent upon the outcome of the meeting with the shylock. Nobody can enter David's property undetected and in this case, the trespassers would be shot and killed.... survivors would be shot again. The shylock was a threat to my family. Now that I had a name, no doubt David would report back to me with a detailed report about this shylock, this scumbag Frank Abzug. 

"After I finished my telephone call Puppy asked, "Are you really going to help me Sir?" "Or are you are just saying that?"
"I am going to give you a pass Puppy to speak your mind." "Afterwards never again question my varsity." "Just come out and say it, what's in it for me." "The answer is nothing." I really am going to help you with the shylock." "I value honesty, loyalty and friendship.... family." 

" I imagine these are concepts that are hard for you to grasp." "They come to me as naturally as breathing." "The people I surround myself with, we breath the same air." "All men want something." She stated, matter fatally." "To a certain extent, yes." "I admitted. "Don't judge all men by your father or with the men you keep company." I added. "My father was a drunken bastard, I hate him!" 
"Yet you didn't refuse your inheritance as spelled out in the will, did you?&nbsp; "That was different." She said defensively. "Why was it different?" I asked. "Because he is my father." "I was legally entitled to it." She added. 

"I see." I said. "You were legally entitled to it because he was your father and you hate him." "You took the money, or to be precise, sold his things to get the money, but didn't attend the funeral or wake, nor did you help your sister with the incurred expenses." 
"You showed him didn't you Puppy." "You are twisting my words." "She exclaimed. "Am I?" I asked. "You cleared out the house taking everything of value, including your sister's bed and dresser." "You certainly showed him."&nbsp; 

"But Blanche got the house. "She said defensively. "Did she?" I asked. "Well she got the ruby anyway." Puppy announced. "Did you know the house had three mortgages?"&nbsp; I asked. "How could I possibly know that?" She answered, surprised. "I don't know Puppy, how could you possibly know that?"&nbsp; I answered sarcastically. "Perhaps you could have at least attended the funeral." "I never made Blanche stay with father." She said defensively.&nbsp; "No you didn't." I agreed. "She could have left at any time." She added.

"That is true." I agreed. "But if Blanche didn't have any money, how did she pay for the funeral and headstone?" Puppy asked. 
I folded my arms and just looked at her..............................................................................."You?" She asked. 
"Rose talked to me about selling the ruby, but I wouldn't let her... how could I possibly let her?" 

"Did you assume that Rose sold her birthright, a totally selfless act leaving her with nothing, "At that point you had no use for her." Puppy didn't answer. "Then by chance, you ran Rose in the restaurant; you know the rest." 

"This is the woman who protected you from your father, the father you admitted to hating." "You were seven when your mother died." "Rose was twelve." "Rose cared for you until you left for college at seventeen." "Rose wore second hand so you could wear new." "Rose worked two jobs to help put you through college, frat girl." "Eight years of college... and you never even graduated with a two year degree."

"When your father was bedridden and helpless Rose gave up the better paying of the two jobs and stayed home to care for him." "Because he was family!" "Even then, he was verbally abusive to her.&nbsp; On his deathbed he asked for you Puppy, before the priest took his confession, before his last rights, when he was still lucid and begged for forgiveness. Rose forgave him and comforted him" "She assured him that you did too." "Perhaps she no longer loved him, but she forgave him." 

"Your father died assured that his daughters did not hate him and had forgiven him, as for the rest, God will sort that out."&nbsp; 
"I talked with Father Dennis in private." He is the priest whom performed your father's funeral mass. He was humbled by your sister's compassion to the mean old bastard; those were the priest's words, mean old bastard."&nbsp; 

"From the time you left home up until your father's death, who was there for Rose, green ink on paper?" "Get on your hands and knees and crawl down to your kennel."&nbsp; "I'm done with you for now." I followed her down to the basement and locked Puppy in. Before I left I pushed one of her father's Mass cards through the bars.

I left Puppy in the kennel for two days, letting her out twice a day only to drink water out of her bowl and use her litter box. Puppy refused to eat her puppy chow when it was offered, and each time I immediately removed the bowl. Puppy was not allowed to speak until she ate her puppy chow. I was not speaking to her as well.&nbsp; When she tried to speak, I put her over my knee and spanked her as before.&nbsp; I put her back in the kennel and left her there. 

The background check on Clarete Rousseau came back first. Puppy did have arrest warrants in three states for shoplifting as well as
multiple traffic violations in numerous states; further difficult situations to deal with. In addition to this she had managed to accumulate several hundred thousand dollars in credit card debt. That being said, I had every bit of conceivable information available on her from birth to the present: birth certificate, baptismal certificate, etc., credit reports, medical and dental records, plus all her school records, from kindergarten through high school, as well as her college transcripts.

Puppy was an honor student with a near perfect grade point average all through public school. In college, she did fantastic her first and second semesters being accepted by Mensa with an IQ of 180.&nbsp; At first, Clarete's scholarships covered the costs of everything except for spending money, until her grades started slipping. When she was admitted to a highly desirable fraternity comprised of mostly wealthy spoiled girls; from there everything was downhill.

Frank Abzug was another matter entirely. We didn't have much of anything on him. It was if he suddenly appeared on the scene five years ago and everything previous to that was erased from the system. Perhaps the man was an illegal foreigner; in any event as my father used to say "I hope you haven't bit off more then you can chew, Adam." All we had was his last know address. All real property was listed in his wife's Martha's name. 

We did manage a recent set of photos of the bastard, plus the vehicles that he drove: a red 1965 Corvette Convertible and a black 1973 Lincoln Continental. The last day of the month, October 31st. was fast approaching; I had eleven days to get him the money. Even if I paid him there was no guarantee that he would leave us alone. The shylock might look upon it as a weakness and try to extort me for more interest. Right from the start I would have to convince him that he had bitten off more than he could chew. 

By day six, Puppy had to be starving. After her bath early that morning, I brought her to the kitchen and had her sit on the stool handcuffed.&nbsp; While her hair was still wet, I braided her hair in two braids tying ribbons on the ends.&nbsp; I deliberately waited eating breakfast until after I bathed her. All that Puppy had over the past six days was water, therefore; I started with the coffee beans. There are few things that smell a good as a newly opened can of coffee. Better yet, grinding them fresh from beans. Next was the bread. I bought a few loaves of fresh Italian bread dough to bake in the oven, another marvelous smell, fresh baked bread, hot from the oven slathered in butter. Rose makes bread from scratch. 

Fresh tomatoes, red and juicy.... a delight to the eye sliced and succulent on the plate, drizzled with extra virgin cold pressed olive oil and sprinkled with freshly chopped basil, if you wish, sea salt or fresh ground pepper to taste. But the bacon, never forget the bacon; thick cut from the butcher, cold hickory smoked bacon with a touch of maple syrup, frying in the pan...&nbsp;&nbsp; to be followed by poached eggs, round and perfect; the combination of all, visual and olfaction overload in the kitchen. Clarete's bowl of Purina Puppy Chow was on the floor at by the stool.

As I started to eat breakfast, "Please Sir, may I please eat my puppy chow." Puppy begged. "Do you promise to be a good girl?" 
I asked, taking a sip of coffee. "Yes Sir, I promise to be a good girl." She replied. "Are you my Puppy?" I asked. "Yes Sir, I'm your Puppy." She replied. "You didn't lie about your warrants and that's a good start." "I will never punish you for telling the truth." I advised her.&nbsp; 

"The traffic tickets were a surprise however." I told her taking out a handful of the puppy chow out of her bowl and then I started feeding her one piece at a time and sipping my coffee until she ate about a dozen pieces. "Are they good?" I asked. "No Sir, they are terrible but I am so hungry." "May I have some water please?"&nbsp; I put my coffee cup up to her mouth allowing her a few sips and then I took one. 

"How is the coffee?"&nbsp; I asked kindly. "It is delicious." She replied. I took another sip and gave her one. "I don't hate my sister."
Puppy told me. "If you say so." I said. "I still hate my father." I didn't comment, instead I refilled my cup from the pot and to gave her another sip. "I was scared, I didn't think I had a choice." Puppy told me.&nbsp; I took another sip and then let her take one. "Do you normally drink you coffee black?" I asked her taking a sip. "Yes, especially when it's this good."&nbsp; Puppy replied. " Then there is one thing we have in common." I replied, walking back over to the table with my coffee cup and sitting down.&nbsp; 

"Come over here and kneel by my chair." I ordered, pointing to the floor. I sat there and shared my breakfast with her, feeding her by hand and letting her sip out of my coffee cup as before. When I was done eating, I let her lick and suck on my fingers and then lick the plate. As with Rose, my first connection with Clarete occurred in the kitchen, different circumstances, but both of them in need of help. 

"I will give you a chance to redeem yourself in my eyes Puppy." "I will do anything you say Sir." She replied. "I will take you on your word then." "Don't disappoint me." I said, taking her face in my hands. "You will start by cleaning the kitchen." I told her.&nbsp; "You do know how to clean house don't you Puppy?" "I know how, Blanche taught me." She replied. "Good girl." I said patting her head and then taking off her handcuffs. "We will make it a contest between you and Rose." "Get busy."

Puppy worked non-stop until early evening, glad to be out of the basement. In all honesty Clarete did a good job and followed me room to room while I was critiquing her work. "Very nice work Puppy." I complimented. "I find no fault with anything." "If I had, I would have told you." I added. "Thank you Sir." She said smiling and looking relieved. "Is there anything else I can do to please you?" She asked. "Your obedience pleases me, but no nothing specific for now." "Upstairs with you now." I said smiling at her. "You may walk from this point on."&nbsp; "Consider it a reward for a job well down."&nbsp; "You may also use the toilet."

I had Puppy stand in the shower while I undressed and then joined her. I washed myself first while she watched. Then it was her turn. Using my hands instead of the washcloth, I was gentle with her. I soaped her down paying particular attention to her breasts
and vagina my hands, lingering and probing. Of course I had a hard-on during the shower, what normal man wouldn't. 

Puppy was certainly aware of it.&nbsp; I debated to myself about forcing her to give me head in the shower; she certainly would have, to spare herself a spanking. In the end I was content to just observe her and watch her nipples harden as I stroked them and arousing her against her will and then not allowing her to come; my theory was correct, the Rousseau women had marvelous sensitive nipples. I ended her shower by shampooing and conditioning her hair.&nbsp; 

I allowed Puppy to dry my back and I then toweled her off, followed by blow-drying and brushing out her hair. I also allowed her to use the toilet and brush and floss her own teeth while I watched. I observed that she was fastidious about her teeth and very thorough in caring for them. When she was done, she turned to me and asked, "Sir, may I use some mouthwash please?" "Don't push your luck with me Puppy." I said sternly. Looking down she meekly replied, "Yes Sir, I meant no disrespect." "Perhaps not." I replied. "I will wait for you downstairs Puppy." "Use the mouthwash if you wish and be sure to tidy the bathroom before you leave." "We have much to talk about."

I was sitting at the kitchen table when Puppy came downstairs. I pointed to the floor by my chair and Puppy kneeled down next to me.
I handed her a stack of papers, her background check. "This is you Puppy, from birth to the present." I informed her.

"As Clarete was looking through the papers, she said, "I don't understand, Sir." "How could you possibly get all this information on me in such a short period of time?" "I have people too Clarete." "With an IQ of 180, you are obviously are an intelligent women." "Misdirected, greedy, coveting; intellectually lazy and certainly lacking discipline." I told her, playing with her hair. "But still with much potential and your obedience is the key to unlock it. 

"This is what we found out about Frank Abzug." I said as I handed her the papers. "Not much, but in the end my gut tells me that this will be to our advantage." "If he were to disappear suddenly who would be there to mourn him?" "His wife?" Puppy suggested. 
"If you mean Martha Abzug, the bleached blond you described to me in the bar, not likely." I bet she would be glad to be rid of him." 

"Are you hungry Puppy?" I asked. "Yes please." She answered. "We are having a light meal this evening." I informed her.
 And again I fed her off of my plate, as would a Master with a favorite bitch dog. Afterwards we shared a pot of chamomile tea drinking out of the same cup while Puppy was sitting at my feet. 

Claret was forthcoming with much information about her perspectives growing up in being raised by her sister; she was jealous and resentful of Rose, being embarrassed by her at the same time. I allowed her to talk about a whole host of subjects, mostly listening and losing track of the time. I came to understand Claret as an intelligent woman and very knowledgeable on the subjects art and classic literature. Her greatest passion.... Clarete loved to paint. 

She expressed these passions, as I would have for my own: rod-building, fly tying and fishing. Because of her high IQ, Rose and her father pushed Clarete towards math, chemistry, biology, physics; the hard sciences, insisting that she enter the field of medicine and become a doctor or surgeon; resentful, Puppy rebelled. 

This would explain much, not that it excused the bad things that she did, the shoplifting or the scenario with the shylock, leading up to her submission, but as I said it, explained much. In essence I was her confessor that evening, her disciplinarian as permanent and soon to be mediator between she and Rose. Then she became silent, and just sat there looking at me.................................&nbsp; 

I touched her face gently and she did not cringe or pull away. "It's bedtime Puppy, well past two in the morning." "Go and get your handcuffs." When Puppy returned with her handcuffs, "Please don't hate me, I can change." She uttered quietly, looking down.
"Put them on."&nbsp; I told her firmly, but not unkindly. And she put them on, and then I double locked them. "I believe I said it was bedtime."&nbsp; Puppy got up and headed to the basement to sleep in her kennel. "No Puppy, upstairs, second bedroom to the right."

The second bedroom to the right is my bedroom, not the former guest bedroom that I share with Rose. I refer to this room as my minimalist room, containing a Twin Mission Bed. No pictures on the walls no rugs, nothing.... just the bed. With heavy curtains and shades on the windows to block the light. I always found the room to be very peaceful and restful this way and was sleeping there alone after Rose left.&nbsp; "You will be sleeping in this room with me but on the floor." I told her pointing to her blanket from the kennel.
"Thank you for giving me a chance, Sir."&nbsp; "You are welcome." I replied. "Don't disappoint me." "Goodnight Sir." Good night Puppy."

In the morning I let her use the bathroom. After washing her, she fastidiously cleaned her teeth not having the opportunity
before bedtime. I fixed her hair in a simple ponytail and then at breakfast fed her from my plate and we shared two cups of coffee. 

Then it was time for her to "forge her own collar". Although not forged from red-hot iron with hammer &amp; tongs, her gems will be a mental binding no less secure. I am speaking metaphorically of course. While Puppy was cleaning house yesterday I received an overnight package from FEDEX, the materials for Puppy's collar; a box of 6mm natural deep red carnelian round faceted beads.

I had her sit on the kitchen floor and gave her 3ft of quarter inch rope. I showed her how to tie the type of knot that she would use between the beads to separate them in the event that the cord broke. This would ensure that if the cord did break, all the beads would not spill to the ground. When she had mastered the knot with the rope, I then gave her the appropriate red silk cord to string her necklace, or if you prefer.... collar, and she practiced with this. 

Puppy was a quick study and enjoyed the challenge, completing the forty- inch necklace by late afternoon. Claret enjoyed creating beautiful things with her hands, as did I, having a natural aptitude for such; I made it a point to tell her so and then complement her on a job well done. I was now certain in which direction to encourage her to pursue. 

"Well Clarete, besides preferring our coffee black we have something else in common." "The ability to create beautiful things with our hands." " Some day I look forward to seeing you paint and learning from you about art, your bailiwick, in which my knowledge is lacking." "Obviously all the Rousseau women possess abilities and attributes unique to themselves although no less valuable."&nbsp; "Things upon which money cannot weighed, money having no spiritual weight or value." 

"Stand up and put your hands behind your back......................Good girl, now close your eyes and keep them closed." Excellent, now don't move from this spot or open your eyes until I tell you." Putting the necklace around her neck and taking her face in my hands 
I then kissed her mouth. "Do you know what kind of gems stones you are wearing Clarete?" "No Sir?" She replied. "They are carnelian, a form of translucent red agate." I told her. "It is sometimes referred to as "cornelian" rather then "carnelian", the "cor" to the Latin meaning "of the heart." 

"The Romans believed that the stone protected one from evil." "They further associated this stone with emotional warmth, creativity, and rebirth." "Your rebirth Clarete...your second chance to set things right." "This necklace is of your own making, a talisman if you will for the good, for the future." "Something to pass on to your heirs much like the ruby and no less valuable." "The real value of the ruby lies not for what it will sell for on the open market; the real value is spiritual, of what it represents, the tradition; the love of mothers and daughters and family passed down through the generations...priceless. 

"Open your eyes Puppy." I said, wiping the tears from her face. "Why are you crying?" I asked, even though I knew the answer.
"I'm so ashamed of myself." She replied. "Of what I have done and failed to do." "I have thrown my life way." "How can I ever face my sister now after what I have done to her?"&nbsp; "One step at a time."&nbsp; "I told her. "When you are free of the shylock and safe, I will send for Rose."&nbsp; "For now, first and foremost you need to forgive yourself."&nbsp; "Then you need to forgive your father."&nbsp; 

"But how can I face Blanche after our falling out?" "I refused to talk to her for years." "Where do I begin?" "What will I say to her?" 
 "Do you love your sister?" I asked.&nbsp; "Yes.............." and she started crying again softly. "And blessings on the falling out." "That all the more endears, When we fall out with those we love." "And kiss again in tears."&nbsp; "You know Lord Tennyson?" She exclaimed?" 
"Yes, even we brutes sometimes are surprisingly literate." I told her, wiping her tears." "You are a strange man Sir." She said, smiling.

"Am I?" I asked. "I don't mean that in a bad way." "She replied seriously. "You were ruthless with Duke." "Good riddance to my final mistake in worthless men." "You could have killed him by striking his carotid artery." "Fortunately for him you managed the brachial plexus origin rendering him unconscious, followed on awakening by disorientation, nausea, loss of fine motor skills and a probable pounding headache." "I was terrified that you might do the same to me, or worse." 

"And that makes me strange?" I asked. "No not that." Puppy answered. "You absolutely mean what you say and then you do what has to be done regardless of the consequences." "You love my sister Blanche with a passion I never thought possible." "I envy her that."&nbsp; "Even though I am still afraid of you, I feel safe with you." "You came charging in with such unbridled rage and I didn't even know who you were."&nbsp; "What really scared me was how quickly you mastered yourself." 

"Then Rose.... may I call her Rose?" "Yes, if you like." I answered. "Rose put her hand on your shoulder...and the way she looked at you and you her: no man has ever looked at me like that."&nbsp; "I thought you hated me." Puppy said, wrapping her right hand in her necklace and pressing it to her heart.

"And now?" I asked. "I want to breath your air." She answered. "We shall see." I replied. "I understand, Sir." She replied. "I shall be patient and accept my penance without complaint now that I know that you don't hate me." "You assume much Puppy." I warned her sternly. 

"Yes Sir, but in my heart, I know what I say is true." "You are a strange man, but a good man Sir." "I do not believe that you would waste your time with hatred as I have; just look where it got me."&nbsp; "Are you familiar with Sylvia Townsend Warner?" Puppy asked. 
Not at all Puppy." I answered truthfully.&nbsp; In her diary she wrote in part, "One cannot overestimate the power of a good rancorous hatred on the part of the stupid." "The stupid have so much more industry and energy to expend on hating."&nbsp; 

"Next I suppose you will assume that I like you." I stated. "Perhaps, as you said, you may grow to like me." Puppy reminded me.
"Do you have anything else to confess?" I asked. Yes Sir, even though I doubt that you will believe it." "Try me, I offered.
"Are you familiar with the Stockholm Syndrome?" She asked. "Yes I am." I simply replied.&nbsp; "I thought as much." "I have been thinking about that and how it applies to me." "At first I made excuses too myself; fear for one, convenience for another."

"You made me eat the dog food." "I was so hungry and it tasted terrible."&nbsp; "It had to be the Stockholm Syndrome." "You shared your coffee with me and we drank out of the same cup and you fed me from your plate and I liked it" "Then the Mass card from the funeral home with my father's name on it, I hated you for that... I hated you." "From that point on, you forced my thoughts inward and about myself, I didn't like what I saw." "And the Stockholm Syndrome?" I asked. ""Just an excuse, just so much Psycho Babel. "She replied. 

"I have come to a conclusion, Sir." "And that conclusion is?" I asked. "I actually enjoy being dominated and being submissive; I want to breath your air." "The necklace was the final key to unlocking the last mental door I placed in the way to deny the truth: a priceless gift on your part to be sure; how can I possibly refuse it." "I will gladly embrace a second chance under your terms." 

"Do you trust me?" I asked. "Yes." She replied. "Why do you trust me Clarete?" I asked.&nbsp; "When I cleaned the house from top to bottom I knew I did a good job." " You said very nice work Puppy." "You didn't find fault where there wasn't any, and then use that as an excuse to punish me." "You appreciated my honest efforts." "You have told me what to expect and when I comply or disobey you act accordingly." 

"You are not verbally abusive and you do not curse at me... well maybe once when you kicked the bathtub." 
"You started to curse, but stopped and then left the room to calm down." "You have not tried to rape me or force yourself on me, and I have been naked this whole time"&nbsp; "I was actually annoyed that you didn't find me attractive at all." "Just annoyed?" I asked, smiling at her.&nbsp; "More then annoyed." Puppy replied, looking down.&nbsp; "Then we showered, and well.... you know what I mean.............but yes I trust you."

"Will you please take me to the cemetery to see my father's grave?" Puppy asked, adding, "I have something to tell him." "You want to go now Puppy?"&nbsp; "Only if it is convenient." She replied. "Permission granted." I answered. "Then you do believe me."&nbsp; Puppy exclaimed, smiling. "Trust has to begin somewhere Puppy."&nbsp; 

"I can provide panties, but none of Rose's bras will fit you properly."&nbsp; " You are about the same size as Rose, although your bosom is larger and you have wider hips." "Not to mention having lost weight since you have been here....&nbsp; I believe that the uniform will fit you though." "Shoes are not a problem, size 7, right?"&nbsp; "Size seven and one-half Sir, what kind of uniform?"..............................................

One hour before we left the house, I telephoned David &amp; Samantha to tell them where we were going. There are two entrances to the cemetery, and both entrances would be open this time of year. David went on ahead and closed one of the gates chaining it closed. He would remain out of sight and watch the open gate to monitor traffic in- and- out, just in case. After Puppy and I exited the cemetery, David would unlocked the gate and leave things as he had found them. Samantha would be sitting in her Jeep watching my house from the street, as did Grace when I went to the pet store to get supplies. 

While she was in her Jeep, and just before I left, Samantha called me on my cell, "Adam, you will be careful won't you?" "Yes don't worry." I replied. "Of course I will worry." "If something happens to you, I will have to find a new lunch partner for Tuesday's."&nbsp;&nbsp; "I love you too Sam." "Adam." "Yes Sam" "Please be careful!" "As I was pulling out of the driveway, I received another call, "Adam, this is Grace." "Yes Little Brat, I will be careful." I said.&nbsp; "Good, I wouldn't want anything to happen to my Bogeyman, good hair dressers are hard to find.................................................................................................

The trip to- and -from the cemetery was uneventful. Puppy was unaware of the extra precautions. She had enough to deal with making peace with herself in regard to her father. It would serve no useful purpose to have her worrying about an early confrontation with the shylock or ex-boyfriend. My gut told me that I we had not seen the last of him. "Besides, I gave her my word to protect her;
I was prepared to take on grizzly bears this evening.

It was dark when we arrived. The cemetery would be closed for the night in two hours, which should give her plenty of time. I got out of the truck first, opened her door helping her out and then escorted her to the gravesite my arm in hers as I always do with Rose. "Do you want me to wait for you in the truck Clarete?"&nbsp;&nbsp; Clarete turned to me with tears in her eyes and said, "No, please stay with me... Sir." " Adam will suffice this evening Clarete." I said, squeezing her hand.&nbsp; "Thank you, Adam." She said quietly, squeezing mine back, "Please stay." 

Puppy was very quiet on the way home. When we arrived; I went upstairs to use the bathroom. When I came back down, Puppy was waiting for me in the kitchen. She had completely undressed except for her necklace, which she had doubled and was wearing as a choker. 

"Put the panties back on Clarete and tomorrow we will see about getting you some appropriate clothing." "You did well this evening." "Put this on for now." I said taking off my green flannel lined canvas shirt and helping her into it. The shirt came down to her thighs and was large and loose on her. I asked her bra size and she told me." "We could just go to my apartment and get some clothing." She suggested. "Your ex-boyfriend cleaned the apartment out a few days ago Clarete." "Everything is gone, including all of your clothing." 

We then sat at the kitchen table sharing a meal; Clarete sat across from me and I explained that I was in the process of arranging a meeting with the shylock to settle her debt. "Will I be going with you?"&nbsp; She asked. "No, you will be with a friend." David has a huge piece of property and a house with a state- of- the- art security system." "He is also a crack shot." "And then there is Socrates." "Who is Socrates?" She asked. "You will see him when you get there." I answered. "Don't be surprised if he ignores you though he is like that."

"I have to make some telephone calls Clarete, and then will be taking a shower." "Pick up the kitchen and straighten up the house where it is needed." "I will be in my bedroom afterwards." "Yes Adam." She replied. "May I take a shower as well?" She asked. 
"You may." I answered. "You may not sleep in Rose's bedroom." "Other then that you may sleep anywhere in the house you like." Puppy just smiled and gave me a look before she got up to clear the table.&nbsp; 

First I called Samantha and spoke with her, filling her in and thanking her for her help, and then I talked to Grace briefly, she telling me what she was going to do for me after her next trim. I also made arrangements with Grace for Clarete's clothing. Grace would drop them off tomorrow afternoon. Then I called David. "Did you tell her about her apartment." He asked. "Yes I told her." I answered.
"How did she take it?" He asked. "Clarete took it well, considering." "Then you didn't tell her everything." David remarked.

"I didn't tell her about the graffiti he left on the walls about her: the profanity, or what he did to her personal stuff." "That would serve no useful purpose: I should have broken both of his thumbs." "Anyway." David continued. "The painters are finished and they will be putting down the carpet down tomorrow." "Her landlady agreed not to press charges, but she is keeping the security deposit." "You are stuck with Clarete and the bills." "Are you sure she is worth it Adam?" "I promised Rose." I replied. "That's not what I asked you." 

"I wasn't talking about Rose and you know it; stop being obtuse!" "You know what I mean; Are you sure that Claret worth it?" "Pretty sure." I answered.&nbsp; "And you Adam, how are you holding up?" "I'm ready for bear." I replied. "You are a stubborn bastard!" He said, laughing. "I wish you would let me go with you when I confront him." "This something I have to do on my own." "If things go sour you may have to post my bail." I pointed out.

Nevertheless, your note was delivered." He advised me. "The meeting is set for three in the afternoon at Salvatore's on the 30th." 
"I have made arrangement's for you to have a friend's private corner booth away from the public and they will be closing off that section near your booth." "You will be able to get your back to the wall and will be able to watch both entrances. Now for the bad part." "You are not going to like this." He said. "The ex-boyfriend is back in the picture." "Duke was the go-between for the shylock." "It's to late to change my plans David." But I want you to know that you have been a good friend." "Give my love to the girls." 

After my shower I was lying in bed going over in my mind the upcoming meeting with the shylock, what I would say, what I would do and trying to figure every angle; plan for every contingency. I heard Puppy come upstairs and go into the bathroom. I was nodding off when Puppy came fresh from the shower into the bedroom wearing my green shirt and panties. That was a good sign, she keeping her word to me and not trying to leave: I left the truck keys on the kitchen table, however my back up, the hidden switch for the electric fuel pump to which she was unaware. 

"The hot shower felt so good." "I was hoping that you would join me." She added, taking the towel from her head and she finger combing her hair. "Do you shower with Rose?" She asked. "That is a very personal question." I answered.
"Yes Sir it is." Puppy said smiling. "But so has everything that has happened between us been personal." "I have confessed everything to you." "What do you think, Puppy?"&nbsp; I asked.&nbsp; "I believe that you do shower with Rose. "She answered. 

"May I ask another personal question? "Could you love more than one woman at any given time?"
"It's bedtime Puppy, turn off the light and get some sleep." "Yes Adam? She said compiling..........................."Puppy!" "Yes Sir."
She answered. "What do you think you are doing?" I asked. "Trying to get some sleep Sir." "Good night, Adam." "In my bed!" 
I exclaimed. "I did not give you permission to sleep with me." "Excuse me Sir. "You said that I could sleep anywhere
I liked except for Rose's room." "That is not the same as giving you permission and you know it, stop being obtuse Puppy."
Puppy rolled over and looked at me in the dark saying, "You didn't exclude your bed, so technically here is part of anywhere I like." 

"You are too smart for your own good, do you know that?" "Do you want me to sleep on the floor?" She asked, innocently moving closer. I could smell her clean skin and hair and she was a woman with a woman's smell." "Many of her mannerisms the same as her sister's; more then I liked to admit." "No." I replied honestly, now aroused and wanting her body while missing Rose. Wondering if one of the additional properties of carnelian is mind reading. 

"May I kiss you to thank you for the necklace Adam?" She asked getting closer yet and I smelling her sweet breath. Clarete was now close enough to feel my erection." "You may kiss my cheek." I answered and she did, saying, "Do you like me just a little bit?"
"Perhaps a little bit." I admitted. "Do you know what I think, or should I say what I used to think?" She asked, sliding back over to her side of the bed. "Tell me Puppy." "That all men are the same." "God gave men different faces so that we could tell them apart." "Why did you think that?" I asked, curious. 

"I was required to take two semesters of woman's study courses in college to remain in good standing in my fraternity." "I was on probation for two semesters before I was allowed to be sworn in as a sister in good standing." "You did join the fraternity." I stated. "Yes they admitted me alright." "As part of my initiation my pledge sister took me to an upscale salon for a makeover." And?" I asked. 

"My natural hair color is black, as it is now." "I wore it in longer in those days, blunt cut all one length and parted in the middle, just touching my butt." She said, touching her hair and sighing." I am sure your hair was quite beautiful." "I commented, reaching over and stroking her hair, while Puppy moved closer to me, "Thick and soft."
 
"I used to braid it just like Rose." I was naive and innocent then, if you can believe that, me innocent.... but I was happy in those days too. I didn't comment and just let her talk, playing with her hair.

"The stylist cut my long braid off at the nape of my neck." She continued. "Even though I was wearing clothing I felt naked without
my braid." "It was a comfort to me."&nbsp; "I can still remember sitting on the bed in mother's bedroom with Rose." "Mom would brush and braid our long hair calling us her special girls." "My mother had such beautiful long red auburn hair." "I have a picture of her in my apartment.......................are you sure he took everything Adam?" "Unfortunately yes, the bastard even took that." I replied, telling a little white lie.&nbsp; 

Moving closer still, she asked, "Have you ever cut Rose's hair?" "I keep it trimmed for her if that is what you mean." "As is my preference, it is blunt cut all one length to her waist." "Rose will wear her hair any way I tell her; she is my woman." I answered matter- of-faculty. "Rose is obedient and submissive to me of her own free will."

 "And you like her hair color and don't think it makes her look old?" She asked. "I love the color Puppy." I answered. "It makes her look exotic and sophisticated." "You were saying about your makeover?" I reminded her. "My pledge sister Megan, had her stylist cut my hair about 4 inches all the way around, and then it was time for the color." "While the color was setting we said and drank espresso 
and I was given a manicure and a pedicure."&nbsp; "Then came my perm; I left the salon with a mass of loose platinum blond curls."

"I was required to keep my hair like that and Megan paid for my monthly salon visits for six semesters." She was very wealthy you know and at the time I thought she was my friend." "When she got tired of her outfits, she gave them to me; she was always buying new outfits." "Megan even introduced me to her older brother, Sean, my first love." "We were inseparable, an item for three years." "He was blond like his sister Megan and so handsome." "He had an apartment off campus and drove a Porsche." 

"It is not that he treated me bad, he took me places; Hawaii for example and the Virgin Islands another." "But he never took me his home to meet his parents." " Sean bought me expensive jewelry." "During that time my grades started slipping." "Why study, I had to look good for Sean and when he married me, I would show everybody, especially my father." "I planned on having Rose move in with us, caring for her for a change."

"Rose took the bus up to see me during my first semester, the bus.... I was ashamed of her, my own sister; what would my friends think, what would Sean think; the way she looked, the way she was dressed, even then her hair was the color that it is now; silver white."&nbsp; "My fraternity sister's made fun of Rose behind her back, all spoiled rich girls" "In retrospect, I am sure that Rose was aware of it." "Megan and Sean were very gracious to her, they took us out to dinner?" Afterwards, Sean offered to pay her plane fare home; Rose took the bus." 

"I drove her the bus station in Sean's Porsche and waited for her for her bus to arrive." "Along with her purse Rose had a small beat up lime green carry-on bag." "I have something for you honey." Rose said to mmm.... and then Clarete paused, before crying softly which turned in to sobs, as I reached over to hold her and comfort her. I held her close to me stroking her hair until she stopped. 

"I am fine now." Clarete said softly, touching my face with her hand. "I feel so safe with you, may I finish my story now?" "Of course you may." I replied. "Rose gave me a small gift bag with the contents wrapped in tissue paper." Puppy said. "And Rose looked so happy, looking forward to me opening it." "Rose knitted me a hat, scarf and mittens." "They are made from real cashmere yarn." Rose said to me and the ungrateful bitch that I was I didn't appreciate them." "A beautiful Kelly Green."&nbsp; Rose said." I know how much you love that color." "But that is not the worst part." Clarete told me. "Rose had another small package for me, a bag of root beer barrel
candy." " "Rose loves root beer Clarete." "Why was that bad?" I asked. 

"I was angry with her." "She didn't say anything about my hair, or my new clothing or the fact that my boyfriend, my future husband
was letting me drive his Porsche." "What a jealous bitch she is, I thought, refusing Sean's generous offer to pay to fly home instead of a day and a half on the bus!"

"She almost spoiled everything the old frump that she was." "Then I blasted her, I told her what I thought of her." "I was terrible to her." "Do you know what she told me."? "I should have listened but I didn't." "Honey, don't let that flash in the pan turn your head." "I am not telling you that you can't see him." "You and he are from different worlds Clarete." "You worked so hard for your scholarships and you are a member of Mensa after all." 

"Rose was so mature, Adam." "She did raise not her voice or get angry until the end." "I could tell she was hurt, and I didn't care." "I told her, "You are just jealous, what handsome rich man could ever want you, or any man for that matter." "You act and dress like an old lady." "That's what I told her." Clarete said. "Someday the right man will come along for me Clarete, and he shall accept and love me for who I am, not what I pretend to be." 

"Well Sean is the right man for me so get used to it." "You are not my mother so fuck-off Blanche!" "Die a barren dried up old virgin and spinster for all I care." "All the romance novels in the world can't take the place of a real man." "You are merely an expensive toy to him Clarete, much like his Porsche and when the toy's wear out or he is tired of them, he will drop them and walk away, grow up for once in your life." 

"Then I left her there, waiting for her bus...I also left the gifts." Claret told me. "What about the candy root beer barrels?" I asked her.
"You said that was the worst part." "When I was a little girl, after Rose walked me home from school, she would always visit Mrs. Meyer." "Mrs. Meyer was a widow, with no children, and was as poor as we were." "She had terrible arthritis in her hands." "Rose would help her around the house while I watched television; father never replaced our TV after he kicked the screen in."

"Then we would all sit at her kitchen table together and have a glass of milk and a sandwich, or a hot meal with a piece of fruit for dessert and we would always take a vitamin." "Mrs. Meyer kept a kosher house, yet she always insisted that way say grace before our meal and was never offended when we made the Sign Of The Cross at the beginning and end of grace." "People are so intolerant these days about such things." Clarete said. "I agree Clarete, today those type of people call themselves liberals."

"Every day before we left, Mrs. Meyer would give Rose a small waxed- paper bag with three candy root beer barrels, always three."
"Rose would take one from the bag and put it in her mouth, a look of pure joy on her face and give me the other two and I would chew the first one and then suck on the second." "Mrs. Meyer would stand there and look at us, nodding her head and smiling and she would say; "Good things always come to those who wait." "You were a child, Clarete." I pointed out.&nbsp; "I was a child." She agreed, "A greedy and grasping child." 

"You never married Sean, Clarete, what happened?" I asked changing the subject. "Sean was starting in his father's law firm as an intern in the spring, and his father bought him a new Porsche." "Sean signed over the title to his old one to me." "During our third year together, I missed my period." "I thought I was pregnant. "When I gave him the good news he turned and walked away." 

"I was devastated and I turned to Megan for help, she would talk to Sean, Megan would help me, we were fraternity sisters."
"Megan was very supportive at first, telling me that she knew a doctor." "It must have been a false pregnancy Clarete."
"Yes how did you know?" She asked.&nbsp; "Never mind, finish your story." I replied. "I would never agree to an abortion, to murder my baby!" 

"Changing her tone to reassure me, Megan said never mind about that dear, I will talk to him for you, he will listen to me, but she was lying Adam" "I know what will make you feel better, Megan told me, we shall both get a facial at the salon, then a manicure and pedicure." "I will call for an appointment." "I am sure they will take you right away." 

"The fool that I was, I went with her." "They must have put something in my espresso because when I woke up the next morning in the abortion clinic I didn't remember a thing." " Before I left the salon, Megan paid them hush money to give me makeover while I was asleep." 

"My platinum curls were gone; Sean loved to run his fingers through my curls." "My hair was cut in a short pixie style, very choppy and purposefully cut on top to bring out my cowlicks and with short choppy uneven bangs. Whoever cut my hair to great liberties with the thinning shears on the top and greater liberties with electric clippers on the sides and back?"&nbsp; My hair was also dyed a ridiculous bright carrot orange." "They dressed me like a whore in a short pink vinyl dress, and black fishnet stockings with pink platform shoes. 
My eyebrows were shaved off and thin arched ones penciled in and my face was heavily made up to look garish and sluttish." 

"May I ask another question Sir?" "Of course." "Are you angry with me, you seem awful tense all of a sudden." I took a deep breath and sighed trying to relax, unclenching my fists.&nbsp; I wasn't angry with her. I was angry what they did to her and were able to get away with it because of their wealth and was thinking, If I was her father...................

"I am not angry with you." I said quietly. "Roll over and get some sleep."&nbsp; "But...no buts." I interrupted. Do you want a spanking?" "No Sir." She replied, rolling over but remaining just as close." "Am I still your Puppy, Sir?" "Yes, you are still my Puppy." "Now not another word, get some sleep." I lay there watching her until her breathing became slow and deep. When I was sure Puppy was sound asleep, I whispered in her ear, "If you were my daughter Clarete heaven help the two of them.....................................

I slept in late the next morning and woke up to Puppy lying there looking at me. "Good morning Sir." She said smiling at me.
"Good morning." I replied. "May I ask a question?"&nbsp; Puppy asked. "You may." I replied. "Do you like the color of my hair?"
"Yes Puppy, you have beautiful hair." "Then you like my natural color? "Yes, as matter of fact I like your color very much." "I replied. "If I were your woman how would you make me wear my hair?" Puppy asked.

"You are not my woman Puppy, you are Rose's sister." I answered. "I know that, that was a hypothetical question." She explained. 
I was thinking to myself now this was a tempting thought, why not two women and sisters too. Rose gave me her tacit approval and in other parts of the world it was not frowned upon. Such a marvelous contrast between the two sisters, one with silver white hair like a beautiful white rose and the other hair as black and shiny as a raven's wing. 

I would absolutely have to add another bathroom. "Hypothetical questions have their place, Clarete." "Dad had a saying; "If a frog had wings it wouldn't bump its ass every time it jumped." "Therefore, I would much prefer to show you by example."

"Get closer to me Puppy and I will answer your question." "Very good...now close your eyes." I said as put my arms around her. 
"Now you do the same to me." "Wonderful, now, isn't this nice?" And then I kissed her mouth and then kissed her mouth again. 
"For the remaining days, until the meeting, if you agree, we will pretend that you are my woman." "

I doubt that the shylock will bother us now that the meeting is set." "In any event, I am ready for bear." "So, for the next two days we will pretend to be lovers." "Open your pretty eyes and look at me before you answer." "Will you close your eyes first, Adam?" She asked, so I did. Puppy kissed my mouth twice as I did hers. "Please Sir, I agree."

"You understand the implications." I asked. "Yes Adam?" She answered. "No Stockholm Syndrome?" I asked. "No Stockholm Syndrome she answered, hugging me. "And yes I understand the implications." She answered. 
 
"As my woman I will not allow you to dye your hair another color because nothing in a bottle can improve upon what God and nature have wrought, much like your cornelian." "In addition, no perms for you as the chemicals used will damage healthy virgin hair." I said as I was running my fingers through Puppy's hair.&nbsp; "Tanning booths are definitely out, long painted nails; never, sensible manicured nails absolutely." 

"Adam you were not going to allow me any of those things even if I were not your woman." You are absolutely correct my dear."
"Tell me my precocious Puppy." "Tell me as my woman, or lover, or neither, how will you be wearing your hair in the future?" 
"What will be my preferences? I asked, unbuttoning my shirt that she was wearing and stroking her nipples and feeling them instantly hardening at my touch.

"You will make me wear it long and mmmmm God that feels so good." She said, moaning. "You have such marvelous sensitive nipples", I said, licking them. "How long Puppy?" "Waist length and blunt cut all one length." Puppy answered, touching my face lightly
as if unsure. "Very good so far, what else?" I asked, ripping her panties and pulling them off of her, making her gasp, then smile. 

"You will make me to wear it pinned up most of the time, especially when I leave the house alone and take it down when it suits you." "I also believe that you like braids, pigtails and ponytails."&nbsp; "Do you suppose that carnelian makes it possible for you to read my mind?" I asked her, adding, "Because those are my thoughts exactly."&nbsp; "I know what else you are thinking, Sir." Puppy said, moving her hips as I stroked her Labia Majora, now plump and swollen with arousal. "What am I thinking?" I asked.

"You want me to go down on you." She answered. "Now I am sure that your carnelian necklace is enabling you to read my mind."
As I continued licking and sucking on her breasts while pushing past her Labia Majora probing her flower, her clitoris with my fingers and making her moan and squirm even louder. Just before Puppy's orgasm started to peak, I rolled her over on her stomach and rammed by rock hard penis deep into her now dripping vagina pinning her to the bed. 

I pounded her, thrusting hard and deep while Puppy's was face was buried in the pillow, biting it as her orgasm washed over her. When I got off of her, Puppy rolled over and sat on the edge of the bed next to me. Clarete was crying but smiling; I kissed her face and wiped her tears away with my hand, which caused her to cry even more and then turning into sobs that wracked her body causing her to hiccup. Clarete needed that cry to let everything out; pent up grief, anger, gratitude, and resentment...remorse.... love, everything. 

I sat with my precocious Puppy, my arms around her, my woman for the next few of days holding and comforting her.&nbsp; 
"Take a deep breath and hold it.... good girl." I was thinking what I told David on the phone, I said I was "pretty sure"; now I was certain that Clarete was worth it.&nbsp; I was seeing her a little bit through Rose's eyes now. "Stop saying that you are sorry, you needn't be embarrassed about the hiccups." "But.... hic...I...hic, want to.... hic." "That can wait." I interrupted. "We have the rest of the day for that." "I'm not going to get blue balls waiting for your hiccups to stop."&nbsp; "Hic.... Hic..." "Is that a smile I see?"&nbsp; I said, kissing her cheek.

"Let's get you a glass of cold water." And then I took Puppy's hand and walked her to the bathroom. Once there, I made her sip the water slowly until her hiccups stopped, while I filled my old fashioned cast iron and porcelain claw footed bathtub with hot water.
"Get into the tub Puppy, I will be with you in a moment."

I went to Rose's bedroom, our bedroom, and removed the false bottom of one of the wardrobes to expose a small fireproof safe. Dialing the combination, I removed one of the three small-carved wood boats that my father made for me as a child. 

While I was in college, mother passed away suddenly. Dad never remarried and I moved back home to care for him years later when he was in the early stages of Alzheimer's.&nbsp; Over time, Dad was got progressively worse forgetting everything and he had a tendency to wander off. I had converted one of the barns into my workshop and kept Dad occupied with busy work so that I could keep an eye on him.

One evening when we were sleeping, I forgot to lock his bedroom door. To make a long story short, Dad managed to set the house on fire: we lost everything before the volunteer fire department arrived to put out the fire; bad roads, heavy snow and cold temperatures hampered their efforts. We had to chop a hole in the ice of the pond to get water for the fire truck that made through the blizzard and then ran out; the two fire trucks that arrived afterwards were too late to save anything."

I placed Dad in a nursing home after the fire and lived in my workshop until the insurance money came through. Then I bought my house, the house I am living in now. The small fireproof safe was in Dad's bedroom at the time of the fire. He forgot the combination but for some reason it was a comfort to him. I cleared away all the charred remains of the old farmhouse myself in the spring; the house that my great-grandfather and grandfather built, leaving the fieldstone foundation and basement intact, finding his old safe in the soot and ashes. 

I felt guilty about putting Dad in the nursing home and moving away from the homestead. Dad always hoped I would take over the family business and live on the farm. Home for the holidays my first semester of college, Dad and I got into a big argument and 
I said terrible things to him. I refused any help or money from him after that. I didn't return home or speak to my father until after my mother died and even today I still carry some of that guilt with me, the ignorant bastard that I was then; even though I made my peace with Dad before the funeral. 

When I returned to the bathroom, I floated the wood boat and then got into the tub behind her. Leaning back I put my arms around her pulling her close and kissing the back of her neck. "Who are you?" I asked. "I am your precocious Puppy?" She replied, snuggling closer and squeezing my hands. "You have shared many things with me about yourself in the short time you have been under my care." "Now I will share something with you about me." "Something that even Rose does know about and something I have not told to anyone."&nbsp; 

I told her the story about my relationship with my Dad; the old galvanized tub with the slow leak, my newspaper hats and carved wood toy boats, plus sharing the Popsicle on the porch. "I made her laugh when I pushed the boat at her making pretend motor boat noises and then making her shriek,&nbsp; "Watch out for the octopus!" As I pinched and tickled her under the water; Puppy was as ticklish as Rose.

Replenishing the hot water, I told her about the falling out I had with my father and then making my peace with him, and about the fire, and the nursing home and finally, "The safe remained unopened until I moved here." "I cleaned it up a bit then took it to a locksmith to have it opened and discovered my father's treasures; my three toy wood boats and a black &amp; white photo my mother took of Dad and I together sitting in our submarine. "I had the safe totally restored, new fire proof lining, tumblers, the works, even though a new safe would have been cheaper." "I keep these treasures in the safe."

Then we just sat there soaking, each to our own thoughts and reheating the water several times from the faucet. After our soak, we drained the tub and showered, soaping each other down, washing each other's hair and then finishing by toweling each other off. While we were toweling off I asked her, "Puppy have you ever had a man go down on you?" "No Adam, in all the time I was with Sean not once, although he loved it when I went down on him." 

"The two other men I have known since then, no." "Everyone one of them was only concerned with their own pleasure." 
"Sean almost always had been drinking when he made love to me, if you could call it that?" "We never cuddled afterwards." "And he always insisted in doing everything in the bedroom with the door locked and in the dark.&nbsp; "I was just a toy to him, a doll to dress up and decorate." 

"He was impatient when I just tried to talk with him, to share my thoughts." "He pretended to listen to get what he wanted." "He was a user as Megan was as I... I put my hand over her mouth, interrupting her. "You are no longer that person and we shall never speak of it again." I said removing my hand and kissing her mouth, while stroking her pubis mound. "Besides, it is time for your haircut down there!" "Go fetch the electric hair clippers."

Clarete stood on a large bath towel while I plowed the clippers through her thick bush of black pubic hair making several passes and leaving short stubble in its path. Next I applied the shaving gel rubbing it in well, and then shaving it smooth exposing her sex to my
fingers and tongue. I lathered and shaved her a second time until Puppy was completely smooth and hairless. I rubbed on some cold
baby oil previously chilling in the fridge over her bald mound to sooth and minimize any razor burn. 

I put Clarete's necklace around her neck and said. "You will shave your pubis mound every day from now on." I explained. "Tell me why?"&nbsp; "As a reminder of my submission and obedience to you." She explained. "And because it pleases you, and I want to breath your air." "As you are now?" I asked. "As I am now." She agreed. "As you make Rose obey you."&nbsp; Puppy said putting her arms around my neck.

Then the doorbell rang. "That must me Grace." "I have to answer the door." "But I want to go down on you Sir."&nbsp; "Later Puppy." I said, putting my black silk robe on. "Grace brought you some clothing and it is impolite to make her wait." " "You will be a gracious hostess and cook for the three of us, then we shall have breakfast together." "But what shall I wear?"&nbsp; She asked. "Put my shirt on for now." I answered. "Believe me Grace won't mind a bit."

I had already started the coffee when Puppy came downstairs. She had pinned her damp hair up in a small bun and was wearing
my shirt and her necklace. Grace and I were sitting at the table and when Clarete entered the kitchen and I stood up and made the introductions, then pulled a chair out for Claret to sit down. "I brought everything you asked for." Grace said, handing me my credit card. "I bought three pairs of walking shoes for you to try on Clarete." "Just keep the pair that fits you best." "I will return the other two pair and have them credited to Adam's card."&nbsp; 

While Puppy was trying on the shoes, Grace got up and poured me a cup of black coffee and set it down in front of me. 
Grace loved to flirt with me especially during her haircut. And she did so this morning as I knew she would. Massaging my neck and shoulders, "I will be glad when everything is back to normal." "My hair could use a good trim; it's going on seven weeks since you last did it." Grace said, pouring herself a cup of coffee and adding her usual cream and sugar. "May I pour one for you Clarete?" Grace asked sweetly. "How do you take it?"&nbsp; 

"Black, the same as Adam thank you." Puppy replied, picking up my cup and taking a sip.&nbsp; "May I offer you some breakfast, Grace?" Clarete asked just a sweetly." Taking over masaging my neck and shoulders." "Thank you but no, some of us girls must watch our figures." I felt Puppy hands squeezing harder on my shoulders. "I really must be going." Said Grace. 

"It was nice to meet you Clarete." I stood up for Grace to take my arm. "Adam, will you see me to my car?" I walked her to the car carrying the pairs walking shoes. I opened her door and Grace leaned forward and kissed my cheek. "Sam sends her love and as says to be careful." Then my little brat put her arms around my neck and kissed my mouth before she drove away. 

I went back into the house to find Clarete standing naked wearing her necklace in front of the floor to ceiling mirror by the front door, the perfect place for her to go down on me. I put my arms around waist and rubbed her tummy. Clarete had lost a good 10 to 15 pounds since she arrived. Clarete was approximately an inch taller then Rose, but as I said before, having larger breasts, wider hips, and larger frame; as my Dad would say; "The perfect shape for bearing children." I also approved of her figure, disdaining the gaunt &amp; ghoulish emancipated look so popular with the so- called fashion runway models of today. 

"I can read your mind so don't ask me the question, the question that most men dread from their wives or lovers." "Now as to your figure; voluptuous, curvaceous and delightfully bosomy to my eyes." 

"May I go down on you now, Sir?" She asked, turning and putting her arms around my neck. "You may, right here in front of the mirror." I answered, dropping my robe to the floor. Puppy got down on her knees and started by kissing my stomach and working her way down, she started by licking the shaft and my balls up using her tongue in circular motion on the tip and watching herself in the mirror as she was doing me, as I knew she would.

I removed the hairpins from her bun and unwrapped it letting it fall into a ponytail and then I stroked it as she licked feeling the weight and thickness of her well cared for hair; so soft and silky. "Look at me Puppy, look into my eyes and keep licking the tip."

"Now take it into your mouth and suck and be sure to use your little tongue as well." "Very nice that feels wonderful." "You are a marvelous little cocksucker." "Suck harder...that's it. I controlled and guided her by using her hair as I do with Rose or Grace.
Rose like to go down on me best in bed, where I will caress my neck, chest and face with her long silky hair while she is sucking on my cock.

I pulled out slightly just before I came, Clarete's was now hair out of the ponytail and my hands were buried in it. After my orgasm I did not have to ask her to swallow and then clean me thoroughly with her mouth and tongue; she did that on her own watching herself in the mirror. I could smell her arousal before I felt the wetness between her legs, the clean musky smell of a woman. 

I took her hand and lead her into the kitchen, picking her up and putting her on the table. "Adam, what are you doing, people eat here!" She exclaimed. "Yes, we certainly do." I answered pulling up a chair and sitting down. "Lean back and spread your legs so that I can eat you out." I ordered. I sat stroking her bald pussy while I finished my coffee and then as promised I started licking and sucking, probing her flower with my tongue. Soon I had my Puppy squirming and moaning on the kitchen table as I held onto her to keep her from sliding off. Puppy's orgasm was incredible as she covered her mouth with her hands to muffle her loud screams of pleasure.

I helped her down from the table and then Puppy walked over to pour the last cup out of the pot and sat on the floor next to me. 
As was now our custom, we shared the cup, passing it back and forth taking a sip. "It is rather late for breakfast and fast approaching lunch." "If you can wait a couple of hours, the lunch rush will be over." "I know a little family dinner that serves super 1/2 hamburgers 
and killer onion rings." "That will give us plenty of time for your haircut." "Go upstairs and get your hair wet and bring down my kit."
As she started up the steps, "Clarete." I called to her. "Yes." She replied turning to look at me. "We won't be needing the electric clippers."

There wasn't any real reason to cut her hair shorter now and I would prefer to see it much longer, down to her waist now that the layers were gone. I was curious to see what she would look like with bangs. If I liked her with bangs, I would eventually allow her to grow it waist length. If not, I would keep it cut blunt cut at shoulder length until her bangs grew out. Claret's hair was very thick and heavy. Even with bangs her ponytails, braids or buns would be thicker and fuller then most women without them.

Puppy dutifully got up on the stool and I combed out her shoulder length hair. I then parted the hair in the front even with her ears and then combed all this hair forward covering her face. I took the rest of her hair and combed it back and then fixed it in a low ponytail to get it out of the way. I divided the hair covering her face into sections, twisting and clipping them to the top of her head with plastic butterfly clips.&nbsp; One by one I brought each section down and carefully cut the bangs into her hair, stopping just to the front of her ears.

When I finished, Clarete had beautiful thick blunt cut eye framing bangs just caressing her eyebrows. I blow dried her hair and then pulled it back into a medium high ponytail. Now that her bangs were dry, I went back for the final trim, tweaking them until they were perfectly straight, blunt and full. I was right about her ponytail, still thick and full. And those bangs framing her face, they were perfect for her, really bringing out her beautiful dark eyes as well as making her look much younger. The Rousseau women needed little or no makeup to look beautiful. I noticed Clarete studying me as if reading my mind.

"My pretty precocious Puppy." "You have no idea how much younger and sexier they make you look." "The way your bangs frame your face and bring out your eyes." "You have such beautiful intelligent brown eyes, a brown so dark that they appear obsidian black in the right light " "Do I really look that good in bangs Adam?" " She asked. "You have a way of looking at me and your eyes never lie."

 "You take such pleasure in simple things."&nbsp; "And you can be so gentle." "Our bath for one; you were so silly with your boat." "Sharing a meal or a cup of coffee or tea at your kitchen table for another"&nbsp; "Nevertheless you are far from simple."&nbsp; "Did you ever take the test for MENSA while in college?" She asked. "Yes." I answered, kissing her mouth. "Did you pass?"&nbsp; "Yes I passed". Kiss. " "What was your score?" She asked. "You're smarter then me; you scored higher." Kiss.&nbsp; "Adam, stop being silly, I'm trying to be serious." "I know you are." "Stop being serious."&nbsp; Kiss Kiss..."Adam!" She exclaimed getting frustrated. "I have something important to tell you!" 

"I'm going to get dressed for lunch, just jeans and a flannel shirt, nothing fancy." I told her while taking her hair out of the ponytail and fluffing it about her shoulders and arranging it around her face. "I will tell you my test score during lunch, please get dressed and fix your hair nice for me" "No, I won't get dressed." She said firmly, getting angry. "Why are you smiling at me, Adam?"&nbsp; "Your eyes turned darker just now." "You are cute when you are angry." "What do you want to tell me?" I asked. 

"I would much prefer to show you." She said, putting her arms around me. "Now you put your arms around me." "Now isn't this nice?" "Please close your eyes, Sir." Puppy requested, and I complied.&nbsp; Puppy put her mouth to my ear and whispered, "If you were my daughter Clarete heaven help the two of them." "Thank you Adam." "You are cute too.... don't be embarrassed." 

I was dressed and waiting in the kitchen when Clarete made her entrance. She was wearing light- blue stone washed Levis, snug but not skin tight and the white Nike walking shoes. On top, a pale green silk-blend peasant tunic, 3/4 sleeves with smocking and lace at the neck and cuffs with a grosgrain ribbon belt; and of course, her necklace. Clarete had fixed her hair in a simple braid knowing that I would approve. 

Intuitive as well as intelligent, she guessed, or perhaps even read my mind what was to be done with the spool of Kelly Green ribbon that was bought along with her clothing. "Adam would you tie this ribbon on my braid?" "I just can't seem to get the bow right." "It would be my pleasure my dear." "Turn around please.... there all done." "You look lovely this afternoon so fresh and youthful." I complimented, offering her my arm." And then we left.

We arrived at the restaurant and seated ourselves. Nancy our waitress brought over our menus and two glasses of ice water with lemon wedges on a small plate. "Good afternoon, Adam, you too Miss, what will be your pleasure." "Nancy this is Rose's sister Clarete, Clarete, Nancy." Nancy was a plump little blue/gray-eyed blond about Puppy's age, a very competent waitress and a part time substitute teacher. 

"I'm pleased to meet you Clarete." Nancy said, shaking Clarete's hand firmly. "Adam never mentioned that Rose had a sister still in high school, you must be a senior this year.&nbsp; The pleasantries aside and our order placed, I asked Nancy. "How do you like your new contacts?" "Are they that noticeable?&nbsp; Nancy asked. "No not at all, and the slight tint brings out the blue in your eyes." I answered.

"Then how did you know?" She asked. "Well for one, you are not wearing your brown tortoise shell glasses nor are they in your apron pocket." "When you are not wearing them, you hold the order pad closer to your face when writing?"&nbsp; "Further, you have stopped lightening your hair since I was here last, your own honey blond is so much nicer, and I'm glad to see that you are growing it out." 

"I wish Roger noticed these things." She said, sighing.&nbsp; "When he gets out of work, all he does is to go drinking with his buddies or will stay home and watch sports on TV." She complained.&nbsp; "That's because Roger is a rooster-fish." "I would bet that Roger he does not know the color of your eyes, let alone that you are wearing a different eye shadow."&nbsp; "Are you still a part-time assistant teacher, Nancy?"&nbsp; "Yes, but I am starting full time in the fall" "When you get your teaching job in the fall, do yourself a favor and dump the roosterfish. Nancy brought us our order, returning from time to time to replenish our water and root beer.

"How is your hamburger, Clarete? "Delicious, but I won't be able to eat all of it. She replied. "Adam did you ever date her, I mean before you met my sister?" "You mean Nancy?" I replied. "I was her escort for her cousins wedding." "Her present boyfriend, Roger the roosterfish went to Miami for a football game with his hatchling buddies the day of the wedding." "The roosterfish's friends talked him into it no doubt, making references about his manhood, saying stand-up to her, don't let her boss you around.... that kind of nonsense!" "Hence the rooster-fish reference, nether fish or fowl, man or boy, but a perpetual adolescent." "I volunteered to take her and rented a black tuxedo for the occasion and we had a wonderful time." "Then you didn't.... no Clarete, I didn't."

"Are you going to tell me what you scored?" Puppy asked. "One-hundred-seventy-five." I answered. "But it doesn't matter, I didn't join?" "Why wouldn't you want to be a member of MENSA?" She asked, surprised. When I was in college, I was tentatively accepted
into a fraternity.&nbsp; "What fraternity?"&nbsp; Puppy asked. "It doesn't matter." I answered. "At the time, I didn't know what I was getting into to." "When the time came, I wouldn't cooperate or take part in the hazing; what they wanted to do to me was demeaning."

"What did you do?" Puppy asked. "I got arrested and spent the weekend in jail for fighting, but not my fraternity brothers. "They had money and connections; one a broken hand and another crushed testicles and the third couldn't whistle Dixie between his missing front teeth" "Why couldn't he whistle through his teeth? She asked laughing. "Because he was the one holding the paddle." I said throwing my hands up as if this was the most obvious thing in the world." "Did anything happen in jail? She asked. "While I was in my cell, a rather large gentleman with a shaved head and tattoos was put in with me, but had to leave in a hurry, the Correction Officers rushed him to the prison hospital." "What happened to him?" Puppy asked, sliding closer to me, our legs now touching.

When we initially sat down, I helped her into the corner booth and then sat across from her. Over the course of the meal and our conversations, Clarete kept inching closer to me. It started with the fried onion rings, when I reached for one, so did she.
I noticed in the bathtub, sharing my boat story how she cuddled closer, the same when she was telling me about herself in the bedroom, especially when I asked her questions confirming that I was listening to her and had her undivided attention. 

I also noticed that she getting excited, perhaps aroused, by the violent account of my actions, which was why I narrated to the way I did to hold her interest and have her ask questions. I put my arm around her waist and pulled her closer yet. "It was a pre-emptive strike." "Nobody bothered me after that."&nbsp; "I was segregated to my own room in the infirmary." "The down side was that I could be charged with assault and battery." "But I assumed that you won." "She stated, questionably. "Yes and no, I will get to that shortly." I assured her.

I talked quieter now. "There was an internal investigation conducted by a old crusty Correction Sergeant in his sixties; a 30 year man with hash marks and stars on his sleeve." "I was brought into his office, a dingy room with just a cheap wood gray desk and two chairs."&nbsp; "I was told to sit down, the desk was between us." "He took off his uniform jacket and hung it on the back of his chair and sat down." "I noticed that he has a single tattoo; the Marine embalm and below that, "Semper Fideliis." "Always Faithful." Puppy added solemnly.

"During my interview he told me that the thug, a known rapist and pedophile refused to press charges and was not talking." "He told me that as far as he was concerned, I did society a favor." "In order to draw me out he asked me about my home life and my family." 
"I answered everything truthfully of course, a man of his caliber would easily detect lies or half-truths." 

"He asked me if I was checked out at the municipal hospital after my fight with my so-called fraternity brothers." "Were you?" Puppy asked, squeezing my hand. "No the campus police turned me over the sheriff, saying I refused treatment and I was brought right to the county jail."&nbsp; "He then asked me to take off my shirt." "He said, "Son, you did a number on those boys and I got a feeling they got what their hands called for; in the end it is their word against yours. They are the haves and you are a have not; life isn't fair but there you have it." Where did you get those bruises on your back and stomach." The Sergeant asked."

"How did you get the bruises?" Puppy asked concerned. "I didn't tell him, which told him everything."&nbsp; "But how did you get them?"
She asked.&nbsp; "A young thing like you, still in high school I can't tell you that; It would corrupt your tender sensibilities." "Adam!" she exclaimed.&nbsp; "The campus police worked me over with sap gloves, cowhide gloves with fine birdshot sown into the palms and knuckles. I explained, taking a sip of root beer from my frosted glass mug, as did Puppy, even though she had just gotten a refill on hers as well.

"The bastards.... did you get medical treatment?"&nbsp; Puppy asked. "After my interview, the Sergeant personally escorted me to the infirmary." "I had a cracked rib and was now pissing blood." "They bruised your kidneys, didn't they?"&nbsp; Puppy asked.&nbsp; "Yes, while they wrapped my chest, I passed out a couple of times." "That old Sergeant was angry." "I stayed in the jail's hospital until Monday."
"I had my own cell with a real mattress and fresh sheets and could watch TV in the dayroom." "Sarge even called the PA to have him return from home to make sure I had medication that night instead of waiting until morning."

"There was an old black orderly working on the ward, a trustee." "He told me that he overheard the old Sarge talking."&nbsp; "Listen to me boy, that old timer is a good hack, you do what he tells you." "Sergeant McMahon is a tough old bastard; don't take shit from anybody." "He's tough, but he's fair." "He was talking to the Captain." The orderly said.&nbsp; "Told him he did some checking on you." 
"Told the Captain that you took one hell of a beating and didn't make a sound except to grunt, pissed your pants and everything but kept your mouth shut; wouldn't give the crackers the satisfaction." 

"Did your father post your bail?" Puppy asked. "I'll get to that in minute, let me finish telling you about the interview first." I said, taking a sip of root beer and then Puppy the same." If the Sheriff Deputy did it, I don't want to know, but I doubt it." "The old Sarge said. 
"If it was somebody else, you would still be smart to keep your mouth shut." "I can tell by the bruises on your wrists the handcuffs were on tight when you took your beating." 

"The Deputy who brought you here is a good man."&nbsp; "If you file a complaint he will be suspended without pay for 6 months or more pending his investigation. "He has a family to support?"&nbsp; "He will close ranks and keep his mouth shut; we all will." "You keep your mouth shut and I will squash the pending charges for assault and battery in my cell block." "You have my word on it."

"I can't help you the outside ones, for those you will need a lawyer." "That God damn piss-ant Dean of Student should have kept everything in house; worked something out." "He took the side of those rich spoiled sissy boys; those roosterfish." "You have been railroaded son." Then we both stood up, and he extended his hand for me to shake, looking straight at me, and I took it meeting his gaze. "I nodded my head and squeezed his hand, the Sarge nodded his and squeezed back."

"Protocol dictated that I be handcuffed when he walked me over to the infirmary." "I wasn't wearing any." "Why weren't you wearing handcuffs, Adam?" Puppy asked. "Because the Sergeant and I had an unspoken understanding, Claret." I answered squeezing her hand; Clarete squeezing mine back, much harder.

My root beer was gone now and we started on hers. The excellent waitress that she was, Nancy quietly brought us 2 fresh frosted mugs, no need for asking. 

"On the way to the infirmary, Sergeant McMahon asked why I refused my arrival telephone call to notify my folks, I refused to answer."

"Did you have a falling out with your father, he asked me?" "We don't have a telephone, Sergeant." "We use the neighbor's up the road." "Then why didn't you call them, he asked me?"&nbsp; "I didn't answer him." "Did you have a falling out with your father, son?" Because if you did this is no time to be stubborn, he advised me." "You need an attorney Adam." "An attorney that is damn sight better then your family can probably afford, he told me." "There is the public defender." I said, breaking my silence."

"Those Roosterfish already have the best lawyers that money can buy, he said." "Their motions are already filed." "I will bet you a brass monkey's left nut that there is already a deal in place between their lawyers, the public defender and the district attorney which leaves you with the right nut.... nothing, frozen out, Sarge said to me" "Then I will have to defend myself." I told him defiantly as we entered the hospital." "Son there is an old saying about a fool for a lawyer with an ass for a client, I hope you change your mind."

While pausing to sip my root beer, Puppy asked.&nbsp; "What about your father?&nbsp; "Did he bail you out?" 'Hire an attorney?" "Did you defend yourself?" "What happened?"&nbsp; "Pro per, as in the Latin propria persona", I paused to let her finish, I could tell by the look on her face that she wanted too, so I sipped my root beer. "Propria persona, by ones self." Puppy translated, enjoying the discourse and taking a sip of root beer from my mug.

Puppy is a delightfully intelligent woman, as is my sweet Rose. I have already started Rose on some of the classics; Jane Austin, The Bronte sisters, Anne, Charlotte and Emily to name a few; to read when sitting in my workshop, on her stool, by the window.

I raised my hand to get Nancy's attention to get my bill. When she arrived, Nancy asked, "Are you ready for desert?" "No, just the bill and a take out box please." I answered, handing her cash... "Keep the change."

It was a quiet ride home, Puppy sitting close to me listening to the radio, neither of us talking. I took her to my workshop and explained step by step the anatomy of building a split bamboo fly rod from start to finish before we went into the house. Once there, I sat on the couch after putting a classic music station on low and invited her to snuggle on the couch with me. 

I took the braid out of her hair letting it fall loose about her shoulders. Soon Puppy was all over me and just could not get enough 
kisses. I let her go down on me and she gave me a wonderful blow job while I played with her beautiful hair, and then I went down on her causing a even more violent orgasm then before. Afterwards all she wanted to do was to cuddle with her head on my lap, while I stroked her hair and face.

Then we went back to cuddling. "What happened, Adam?" She asked. "What did your father do?' "I found out afterwards that Sergeant McMahon took off the next two days on Personal Leave."&nbsp; "He was a complete stranger Puppy who went out of his way to help me." "Then he hired a lawyer and bailed you out?" She asked. "No, he and his wife Mary drove to my Dad's farm, a 16 hour round trip so that he could tell my father where I was and what happened; he did the right thing." "Then it was your father who bailed you out." She stated. "Nobody bailed me out, my precocious Puppy." "But your father found you an attorney, right?"&nbsp; "Wrong." I answered.

" Adam!" She exclaimed. "Clarete!" I exclaimed, holding onto her hair to keep her from sitting up. "Please stay still so I can finish my story." "But first, tell me who you are?" "I am your Puppy and you are my lover, Sir." "Do you think that you could ever love me, just a little, now that you like me?" She asked. "Perhaps", I replied. "As Mrs. Meyer said; "Good things come to those who wait." "Yes Sir." She replied kissing my hand. I was thinking that after I settled with the shylock, a second bathroom was definitely in my future.

"On Monday morning they simply let me go, all the charges were dropped." "I have no idea why." " My scholarships were still in place." "When I met with the Dean of Students, he did everything but kiss my ring." "He offered me special privileges and I turned him down."
"There must be something I can do?&nbsp; He asked. "I will continue to live in the common dormitories." I told him. "And I will work hard to maintain my grades, I don't need your help or your money, free housing or free meals...nothing, except?"

Of course Mr. Richards anything you want, just name it." "Don't talk to me again in my lifetime?" Then I turned and walked out of his office. "What happened to the roosterfish'?" She asked.&nbsp; "Do you like that word?" I asked. "Yes, it's very descriptive." Puppy replied, laughing.&nbsp; "All three transferred to a different college." "What about those cowards who beat you when you were handcuffed?" 
"Only one of them beat me, the older of the two; the other stood by and watched, afraid to interfere. He was still on probation and not much older than me." "For some reason, he transferred immediately into housekeeping and then took a 1 year leave of absence to work in a homeless shelter and food pantry." 

"They found the one that beat me naked, wearing his illegal sap gloves, handcuffed to the flag pole on the football field." "Really!"&nbsp; Puppy exclaimed. "Did somebody beat him up, did he have a gag in his mouth?" "Serves him right!"&nbsp; "He was beat much worse then I was and with his own sap gloves." "At first, I was a suspect, but the State Police cleared me right away." "I was home for my Mother's funeral; my alibi was rock solid. "Did they ever find out who did it?&nbsp; She asked. "Never, the poltroon was so scared he refused to talk about or participate in his own investigation." I explained.

"And Sergeant McMahon?" She asked. "He is doing well, we still keep in touch, he is in his eighties now and is working as a school crossing guard."&nbsp; "The children at his elementary school crossing love him, especially the little ones, he teaches them how to cross between the yellow lines marching with them, left right, left right and all that." "The children call him Sergeant Grandpa." "The old Sarge will never retire, he's to obstinate." "Just like me." I added&nbsp; "Oh no Adam." Puppy corrected.&nbsp; Don't say that, don't sell yourself short in that venue."&nbsp; As she snuggled closer. 

"What do you mean by that remark?" I asked, sternly. "You are not merely obstinate, you are stubborn, headstrong, stiff-necked, bullheaded, pigheaded, mulish, dogged, and pertinacious, but most definitely, you are not a rooster-fish. She said, sitting up and putting her arms around my neck and kissing my mouth. "You will be sleeping on the floor in the bedroom this evening unless you take it back."&nbsp; "I take it back." "You are a rooster-fish." She said kissing my mouth twice.&nbsp; 

"Such impertinence." I said in mock outrage. "I'm shocked, absolutely shocked I tell you!" "Not just impertinence." Puppy said. Kiss Kiss. " But, impudence, cheekiness", Kiss, Kiss. Insolence, crust." Kiss, Kiss. "Freshness, gall, rudeness." Kiss, kiss. "And discourtesy, chutzpah, disrespect." Kiss, Kiss. 

"My turn Puppy, sauciness, pertness." Kiss; Kiss, as I kissed her mouth, "perkiness, and playfulness." Kiss. "Fun." "Didn't I say you were smarter, you know more words?"&nbsp; "It is bedtime Sir." "And I can think of one more word.... well, maybe two."

David arrived at my house at 5:00 AM on the morning of the day I was to meet with the shylock. Socrates was with him, greeting me warmly as ever; he walked up and smelled me, and then lay down on the floor and ignored me. He wagged his tail once for Clarete, which was a good omen. Socrates is a huge brindle colored Bull Mastiff with four white feet, who has been trained to attack on command. He absolutely loves Laura and likes Rose, allowing her to pet him; he merely tolerates me. 

The last thing I told her before she left, while she was sitting in David's Truck next to Socrates was; "Everything will be fine, Clarete, my one root beer barrel candy girl, an unspoken understanding passed between us; David gave us a funny look, serves him right. Socrates wagged his tail. 

I showered, shaved and dressed carefully for my meeting with the shylock, not wanting to give him the wrong impression, that I was afraid of him and I had lost any sleep; I slept well, these past days, Clarete was a precocious bed partner. First, a freshly pressed white shirt, top button left undone, no tie, next a pair of dark gray wool slacks with a 3/4" double leather black 3/4 inch belt with a sturdy brass buckle, I can't have my pants falling down or having anything print. Next a loose Navy Blue Blazer; I hate tight restrictive clothing. I always prefer my clothing a little loose and comfortable, especially my flannel shirts and all my coats &amp; jackets. Sitting on a chair, I put on my dark wool socks and a pair of steel- toed black brogans. I left the house ready for bear.

I arrived at the restaurant and hour early, going to my booth and waited for the shylock. The staff was instructed not to enter the area for any reason, unless I called for them. They didn't know why, I had tipped the entire staff well before hand. David was good friends with the owner and his nephew Vito; I just didn't want anyone in the line of fire so to speak, or to get hurt. There was no telling what kind of weapon the shylock was carrying, a gun perhaps. My steel toe shoes were no match for that, it was safer to give him what he had coming and I certainly was carrying enough with me for that, taking it out of the safe before I left.

The shylock, Frank Abzug came sauntering into the restaurant 2 hours late, like he owned the place, puffing on a big cigar. He was a big man, about six feet tall and approximately 260 lbs., dressed in a black sharkskin suit that had seen better days. He deliberately took his time getting to the booth, cheap showmanship, ordering a drink at the bar first, then tipping the bartender a ten spot before sitting down at the booth with his drink. He then turned over the coffee cup on the saucer at his place setting to use as an ashtray.&nbsp;&nbsp; The shylock was glaring at me, sizing me up.&nbsp; I leaned forward, my face expressionless returning his stare, not what he expected. 

He was the one to first to speak.&nbsp; "Your girlfriend's sister owes me fifteen grand, but I have a kind heart, I will settle for ten grand, cash." 

"You are a business man, same as me, you can afford it." I was nothing like him.&nbsp; "I checked you out, Richards,"&nbsp; "Three-thousand dollars for a lousy fishing pole, and they call me a shylock." He said laughing as if he just scored a point. I took sip of my coffee. 

"My understanding is that you loaned Clarete one thousand dollars less then a year ago." "I am prepared to settle her debt to you."

"That's right, the other nine are for pain and suffering, if I don't get paid what's coming to me." He said, laughing again, as if he had just scored another. The man was a hyena in a suit.&nbsp; "Unfold your napkin." I said to him, taking a sip of coffee.

Unfolding his napkin, "There is just three grand here, what gives? " "Do you know who I am?"&nbsp; "You are a business man with a kind heart." "One thousand for the loan and two thousand in interest." "A much better return then the stock or futures markets.
I advised him, sipping my coffee and refreshing my cup from the carafe.

 Frank the hyena put the money in his suit pocket leaving the envelope. He then pulled out a small silver .25 caliber semi- automatic handgun, with mother of pearl grips, flashing it for me to see and then putting it on the table and palming it with his large hand.&nbsp; 

"That was just the down payment, when can I expect the rest." "I know about the ruby." "Keep it if you like." "It is not like you are married to her, let me borrow your girlfriend for the weekend." "She could use a good makeover, to much hair that one." "Is she a good fuck, Richards?"&nbsp; "Does she suck cock and take it in the ass?" "I bet she gives a good rim job." 

He was trying to goad to make me react and make a mistake; instead he got a deadpan expression. Are you a voyeur, Richards?" 
"I will let you watch while I am doing her." Followed by his mocking hyena laugh. I sipped my hot coffee." "I'll even let you use my wife until I'm done with Rose." "Then I will bring her back to you nice and bald; well broken in."&nbsp; "No thank you, I decline your generous offer." I answered, as I sipped my coffee. 

"Haven't you heard anything I have said to you Richards?" "What kind of man other then a fool or a coward will just sit there and drink coffee after what I have just said to you?"&nbsp; "Obviously you don't like coffee!" I said. "As to what type of man."

"One that is at a disadvantage after being out maneuvered and doesn't want to get shot."&nbsp; I answered, but not being entirely truthful.
"You got balls, I'll give you that." "Your expression didn't change even when you saw my piece." "He stated.

You're out of your league and you know."&nbsp; "Don't like coffee, that's a good one." But you got balls." "I admire that." "Business is Business." He said.&nbsp; "Rose or the ruby, your choice?"&nbsp; "Your money is no longer good."

"The old Sergeant taught me well. Not just about tells and how to really read a man. I learned how to bluff, when to back down, and when to strike hard and fast. I thought that I was tough as hell. In his sixties he could throw me around like a rag doll. I learned from him that there is always somebody tougher or more ruthless and it is best to be prepared to conquer, negotiate, or retreat. 

I was taught to maintain the perfect poker face, no matter what; I was seething about how he was talking about Rose and Clarete.

But a man has to do what a man has to do no matter how distasteful."

"Then you will settle for the ruby ring?" I asked. "That's what I said, I'm thinking about starting my own tradition with Clarete, even though she is nothing but a cheap whore, as are all women." He announced, still smirking. I wanted to kick him in the face with my steel toe shoes, but he had a gun, that was not going to happen.

"It's under the coffee cup to your left." The shylock removed the cup and said, "What the fuck is this." " Why is my name on..? As he picked it up from the saucer to look at it, momentarily distracted. 

This gave me time to reach underneath my blazer to remove my Gary Reeder Alaskan Hunter, Single Action Revolver from the Mernickle Concealment Holster and I pointed five more of them at his groin. I was ready for bear. 

"I suggest that you don't move." For the first time, I saw fear in the Shylock eyes." My dear friend, the old Sarge, God Bless him, taught me how to negotiate. Always negotiate from a position of strength; Si Vis Pacem Para Bellum, the Latin; If you wish peace prepare for war. "I will gladly answer your question, but first, slowly remove your hand...very reasonable." I covered the pistol with my cloth napkin as not to alarm anyone. 

"No doubt this gun is illegal and covered with your fingerprints." "Thank you, for providing me with leverage." "I have a customer, an assistant Deputy Director of the FBI out of Phoenix Arizona whom owns three of my lousy fishing poles." "Need I say more?" 
"That said, "I prefer to handle my own affairs without outside interference."
 
"What you have in your hand is a .454 Casull 300 Grain XTP Jacketed Hollow point round. It has twice the muzzle energy of the best 44 magnum round; it will exit the barrel of the revolver that I am pointing at your testicles at 1650 fps, with muzzle energy of 1814 ft lbs. I said calmly, matter of factually...taking a sip of coffee... "As opposed to your round; the .25 acp with a 50 Grain round nose bullet at 760 fps with 64 lb of muzzle energy." 

"I carry this gun salmon fishing in bear country." " A beautiful piece of machinery really, built on a stainless Ruger Bisley Single Action Revolver, simple, rugged, and reliable; black micarta grips." "I had extra an extra cylinder fitted in.45 acp, and chose the octagon 5" barrel, and gold bead front sight. "Which brings us back to the here and now." "I could have shot you self defense."&nbsp; 
 
Just one round will shatter your pelvic bone, possibly your spine and most likely sever your femoral &amp; iliac arteries. 
If my aim is just slightly off center of mass, and you are unlucky enough to survive, if not a paraplegic, you most certainly will remain an impotent cripple with a colostomy bag." "Not at all good for business."

"As one business man to another; you have made a very good return on your money. Perhaps you didn't make the expected profit, but you didn't lose money either." "Clarete's debt to you has been satisfied; relinquish your lien on her person." Don't make this personal." "I am allowing you to walk away with your life." 

The shylock slid out of the booth and slowly stood, with his eyes never leaving mine, putting the round in his pocket. "Business is business Richards." "Our business is over." He said nodding his head and I mine. Then he turned and walked out of the restaurant. 

The old Sarge was right, leave him an out and allow him his dignity, and if possible, let him walk away. I couldn't wait to see him and thank and him, I didn't have long to wait." "Mr. Richards, there is an older gentleman at the bar that wishes to buy you a drink." 
Vito said to me. "What shall I tell him?" He asked. "Nothing, I will tell him myself." 

We walked over to the bar where my old Sarge was standing and I made the introductions. "Vito this is Sergeant Major John McMahon, twenty-five years in the Marines, followed by thirty years in Corrections, retiring as a Sergeant.&nbsp;&nbsp; Sergeant Major, this is Vito Salvatore. "An honor to meet Sir." Vito said, smiling, shaking Sarge's hand. "Thank You for your service to our country." I could tell by the look on his face that Sarge was pleased.&nbsp; 

"Pleased to meet you son." "You ever serve." "No Sergeant Major. "I never afforded myself the privilege." Now pleased and impressed with Vito's manners and show of respect, "Can I buy you a drink son?" Sarge asked. "I'll be done work in 15 minutes, then I will gladly have a drink with you Sergeant Major. "You do anything but tend bar?" Sarge asked. "I tend bar part time, I am a County Sheriff Deputy with 10 years of service and with the rank of Sergeant." "I knew it, a fellow Officer and Sergeant to boot." Sarge exclaimed. "Why don't join us for dinner, son, I am sure that Adam won't mind and we can swap war stories...................................

After dinner, I insisted that Sarge spend the night and get a fresh start in the morning. He was getting on in years, and I knew he was disappointed when I declined his offer to help out with the shylock. At 83, I couldn't chance him getting hurt, but I promised to call him
for advise if things went sour. We were sitting in the kitchen when I gave him the full story&nbsp; "I'm sorry that I wouldn't let you help."&nbsp; 
"But I'm sure you understand." "No hard feelings, Sarge?" "No need to be sorry on my account." "Somebody had to cover your flank."

"What do you mean Sarge?" "Son remember when you told me about your meeting with that piss-ant Dean of Students." "I remember Sarge." "Afterwards, what did I tell you?" "You said that I was the second most stubborn, headstrong, stiff-necked, bullheaded, son of a bitch that you ever laid your eyes on." "Then you took me home to meet your wife and Mary cooked me dinner."

"Well, you are looking at the first." "I took care of a little potential problem in the parking lot across the street from the restaurant."
"I met two Lady friends of yours ready to help as well."&nbsp; "Do you mean Samantha and Grace?"&nbsp; "Fine women, especially the big one with the black hair?" "I asked her out to dinner." "Did she accept?" "Of course she did." He answered "Where are they now?" I asked. "With the schlock's wife, she was sitting in his car with that roosterfish Duke."

"Why would the shylock's wife go anywhere with them Sarge, that just doesn't make sense?"&nbsp; "Because Duke was unconscious in the trunk." "How did Duke get in the trunk in the first place?" I asked, laughing, thinking how much I loved this old man. "Well, It was my idea, I banged his head on the door post of the car until he stopped talking: you were busy with the shylock." "That rooster-fish had a dirty mouth, sitting in the car playing that rap music, with a woman old enough to be his mother, no respect."&nbsp; "That's not even music, just a bunch of dirty talking." "Now, Old Blue Eyes, that's music." "Must be one of those new breed of rooster-fish." 

"That's wigger Sarge, Duke's a wigger." "I thought we weren't supposed to use those kind's of words anymore, not being politically
correct." "That's the other word, Sarge." "Then I can say one word, but not the other one, and some people can say both?" "It seems like a double standard to me." "I will stick with roosterfish....................................................

Sergeant Major John McMahon was across the street watching the resturant with his binoculars an hour before I arrived.
Never one to take chances, he always carries his Thunder Ranch Colt 1911 everywhere, having completed and passed their defensive firearms and tactical training classes, first in the mid 1970's and then taking a refresher course every two years until he turned 78, having to stop because of the arthritis in his knees. 

While I was in the restaurant with the shylock, he walked up to the car where Duke and the battered wife were sitting. He told Duke that he should be ashamed of himself for playing that profanity in front of a lady, knowing full well who they were. He was greeted
by a string of profanities. When Duke tried to get out of the car, Sarge pinned Duke's arm behind his back and then banged his head on the door post, rendering him unconscious. 

Sam and Grace were already in the restaurant parking lot waiting. Sarge said they were well prepared with aluminum baseball bats, rope, and duct tape, a large first-aid kit, .410 gauge double shotgun loaded with buckshot, everything but the kitchen sink, and he said wasn't too sure about that, only getting a quick glance in their trunk. Grace helped him tie the roosterfish up and put him in the trunk.

Sarge said that as Duke was coming to, Samantha was ready even for that. Sam threatened to break his other thumb, and made him chew and swallow some pills that soon put him to sleep. They gagged him and locked him in the trunk. He said that they then drove the shylock's wife Martha to a battered woman's shelter and safe house they knew about, leaving him to take care of the rest.

He said when the shylock came out of the restaurant and found them gone he was fit to be tied, adding no pun intended.
Sarge told me he bet that the shylock thought the roosterfish might have run off with his wife. In any event we both agreed that the shylock was done with us, adhering to a warped sense of honor, saying; "What satisfaction that he didn't get from you he would take out on Duke." Adding that it didn't matter that he would find Duke later tied up in his trunk. Frank Abzug the hyena on two legs would
blame Duke for failing him, as well as blaming him for you getting the better of him. In the end, would blame Duke for everything.&nbsp; 

The next morning, after he had eaten, Sarge left for home, I sat in my kitchen feeling somewhat uneasy. Everything had gone so well, yet my dreams were troubled from the night before and were totally disconnected. I dreamt of fire and things burning, a house. Rose was outside watching it burn and literally swimming in a sea of tears and sobbing unable to stop it from being consumed. 

In the dream, I knew that Rose was safe from the fire, as long as she remained in the water. I dreamt of Clarete naked in a long low corridor made entirely of doors, searching for the right door, and upon opening it, diving into the sea of tears to find her sister; Clarete's carnelian necklace, a compass to help her find her way.

And finally, I dreamt of two little boys, twins, no more then 4 years old playing hide- and -seek in a barn full of hay.... one of them was my father; then as men, they were fighting, harsh words were said; My mother was in the next room crying in her rocker by my crib.

They say that absence makes the heart grow fonder; I called Rose to make sure that she was safe and we talked on the 
telephone for hours, losing all track of the time. When she asked about Clarete, I told Rose that Clarete was fine and the three of us had much to talk about when she got home.&nbsp; Marie and her husband Miguel had joined them and Rose met them for the first time. 
She asked to stay three extra days to visit with them, saying, "Marie is such an elegant Lady Adam, she reminds me so much of my mother." "Of course my love you may stay. I still have some loose ends to tie up."

Sam and Grace were not answering their telephones and still must be busy with Martha Abzug. I went to get Clarete from David's
and she seemed excited at the prospect of camping having never gone before.

I packed the back of my truck with the basics; Clarete and I would be roughing it in a place that nobody knew about except Rose 
and I, or so I thought at the time. Water wasn't a problem as there was a small artesian spring, 300 yards from my circle, the water is cold and pure, and all of the food I brought could be eaten cold; The only downside, no hot coffee. 

We parked the truck and backpacked in. There was no point bringing my cell phone, it wouldn't work; nor would my watch or even flashlights would function, once we were safe inside. For some reason, perhaps it was my imagination, the thorny bushes and sumac seemed greener and thicker, more overgrown and impassable the closer we got to the circle. I could have sworn that is was closing in behind us, growing, closing ranks, to keep us safe.

Once in side, Clarete looked around while started unpacking things. I was setting up our tent. I had intended on sleeping out in the open with her unless that it rained, the tent was for just in case. "Adam, didn't you say that there was a spring near here?"
"Yes, that is correct." I answered, not bothering to look up, intent on setting up the free- standing round dome tent. "Why walk that far when there is a spring inside the circle?" She asked. 

I followed her to the spot. Sure enough there was small artesian spring flowing from the circumference of the circle outward into the thorny hedge. I cupped my hands and dipped into water pooled in the small depression in the rocks. The water was cold and pure; it tasted fabulous. I let Puppy taste it, "Adam, this is delicious, I have never tasted water this good." " I remember the rocks being here, but there was never any water." I told her. "Do you know what this means?" I asked, excitedly. 

"Yes" She answered. "A fissure must opened here recently in the bed that overlies the aquifer, thus creating a fissure spring."
"This is such a strange place that you have brought me to, Adam" "But strange in a nice sort of way, much like you." 
"Perhaps it is my imagination, but I would swear that I can feel a magnetic field of concentrated energy, or some kind energy emanating from the ground and swirling around us, even though quantum physics is something I never really studied."

"Yes about the fissure spring, yes about the strange place, isn't it wonderful?" "I wish you would stop calling me a strange man." 
I said, grabbing her around the waist, picking her up and spinning her around. " Rose thinks of the circle as a fairy ring; you are more analytical in your assessment but no less correct; I have no idea what it is except that you, Rose and I are able to feel and perhaps even tap into the positive energy somehow."

"Adam, What are you doing?" "I am undressing, of course." "But you haven't even got the tent up yet." She said. "And it is chilly out."
"Before we left I checked the temperature, it was 45 degrees." She exclaimed.&nbsp; "That should do it my dear, now you." "Let me at least unroll the sleeping bag first, Adam." "The grass and clover is quite soft and warm if you wish them to be." I said, starting to undress her and kissing her mouth. "We are going to play a game my precocious Puppy." 

"We are going to use our imagination and suspend analytical scientific thought." I offered. "Somehow this place defies conventional logic, although I sense a pattern, an order of sorts." "Did you notice as we were approaching how green and lush everything was. "&nbsp; "It is the last day of October!" "I now had her almost completely undressed."

"I noticed." Puppy said. "That is why I called it a strange place."&nbsp; "Why do you suppose that the grass and clover are warm as if they were kissed by the late morning sun?" I asked her, removing her shoes and socks. "There must be thermal pockets heating the water table?" She suggested. "That would affect your cold fissure spring." I stated. "Are you cold?" "I asked. "No, I am surprisingly and pleasantly warm." She said, putting her arms around my neck and kissing my mouth." "How hot would the ground have to be to affect the air temperature?" I asked. " And look, the sky is overcast and it is getting windy." "See how fast the clouds are moving." 
I said pointing up and then taking her hand. "Where are we going, Adam?" She asked.&nbsp; "We are going outside of the circle my dear." 

As I suspected, the air temperature was easily 40 degrees colder because of the cold wind and the ground was cold on our bare feet, we ran back in shivering and laughing. Puppy was starting to understand.

I made slow gentle love to my Puppy in the warm sweet smelling grass and clover, our sexual energies, our passion, mingling with and adding to that of the circle. I timed my orgasm with hers and I swear that during our mutual orgasm it felt as if we were both on fire and we would be consumed in flames by our passion.... yet we lay there after in the clover, untouched and unhurt. 

We napped together in our peaceful sanctuary, oblivious to the outside world until late in the afternoon. We then ate a light cold meal
sharing our spring water from our only cup, debating about the circle.&nbsp; We certainly had much to discuss with Rose. 
 
We spent the next two days making love, relaxing and just talking, brainstorming in the spirit of the great authors of science fiction &amp; fantasy. Touching upon, religion and parapsychology, extra-terrestrial power sources and ancient civilizations and their beliefs or mythologies; we ran the gambit of possibilities.&nbsp; Our debates were often heated, but never contentious, neither of us willing to back down; we ended agreeing to disagree, our lovemaking all the more passionate afterwards, when she would totally submit to me.

The thing that we agreed on was that we had strong feelings for on another, she loving me, and I finally relenting, admitting to my precocious Puppy that I could love two women equally; as long as she was willing to share me with Rose. It was also discussed that I would require her to complete her Degree in Library Science, with a minor in Art to satisfy her need to paint. Rose and I would help her is this endeavor; but first her debts and criminal charges must be addressed.

"Adam, do you remember what you told me about my necklace and the properties the Romans attributed to the stone?" I have it with me in my backpack,"

Clarete went to get her necklace and walked to the center of the circle, putting it on and closing her eyes. "Adam, I need you for this, please come here and hold my hands." I walked over taking her hands and closing my eyes. "Oh dear God Adam, we have to leave immediately, your house is on fire." She exclaimed. "Can you see it?"&nbsp; I nodded, too shocked to answer, thinking," Not again!" " Duke!"&nbsp; "I wouldn't wish that on anybody." 

We dressed quickly leaving everything behind except my revolver and Clarete's necklace. It was starting to rain when we got to the access road where my truck was parked; we stopped not believing what we were seeing. How were we going to get home now, or even get to the airport to pick up Rose. My truck was trashed: the tires slashed, all the windows broken and the lights. There was a large rock next to with paint on it were Duke had smashed everything in frustration, unable to find us. 

I found empty shotgun hulls that matched the gauge of the slug holes in the doors and body panels where he had shot the truck, before he had set it on fire.&nbsp; My cell phone was gone, burnt or stolen; I couldn't call for help. We both were wondering how long that Duke was looking for us, wandering aimlessly, with murder in his heart, prevented from finding our Sanctuary, by the Sanctuary itself. 

It was raining heavily by the time we reached the main road and we were getting soaked, our rain parkas burned up with the truck. Clarete was sobbing, worried about her sister Rose, not knowing where she was or safe; thinking the worst and possibly never being able to make her peace with her.

I spotted headlights in the distance coming at us. As it approached it flashed it's lights and stopped; A 1960 Rolls-Royce Phantom V White Limousine.&nbsp; The rear passenger door opened and my sweet Rose stepped out before the chauffer could exit the vehicle to help her.&nbsp; Before I could think, Clarete rushed past me crying out her sister's name. I watched them embrace, Rose now starting to cry as well, the clean, cold rain washed over them, added to their tears: keeping them safe.

An older man, dressed impeccably in a classic chauffer uniform, with a red carnation in the lapel, stepped out of the limo with an umbrella and ushered the girls into the back seat. Walking over to me he said, "God afternoon nephew." and opening the front passenger door for me to get in, but not offering me the use of his umbrella; "It seems to me at 41 years, 6 months, 3 days.... and then removing a pocket watch on a chain, "Oh yes 7 hours, 3 minutes and 39 seconds old, that you still don't know enough to come in out of the rain." "Please get in." 

After we were both in, he turned me and said, "I am sorry Godson, if I had know the trouble that Frank Abzug was causing, I would have neutralized him sooner." He advised me, handing me a .454 Casull round, the round on which I had engraved the shylocks name.

"On the other hand, it worked out for the best, it does my heart good to see family making up." He said smiling, glancing behind him. "Frank told me everything, not that he had a choice." "I am proud of the way you faced him down." "You choose your friends well." He said, laughing. "Obviously you don't like coffee." "There is a thermos of black coffee in the back if you like."

"I gave your mother my word that I would watch out for you, help you, not that you need it any longer." "You have not needed my help since the unfortunate incident at college." "Up until now, I have not inferred with your life." "You are stubborn like your father, as 
I am."&nbsp; "Even after our falling out, I loved your father; we were twins you know." "I visit him in the nursing home, he does not know me, I talk with him, he does not understand." "He has always refused my help." 

"To his credit he allowed me to help you only if I agreed never to contact you." "You see, he loved you more then he hated me, little Admiral." "You were almost three years old when your father and I argued, we...interrupting, "You were arguing in the kitchen over my grandfather's wedding band." "Dad was the oldest by a matter of minutes, because of that, the ring went to him." "Isn't that so Uncle Micah?" "How could you possibly know that Adam, even your mother did not know that...I see, the circle Clarete &amp; Rose, they must be empathic as well?" "Did you channel through the ring." "He asked. "I do not have the ring Uncle Micah, Dad buried or lost it, he can't remember."

"Then you know of the circle, Godfather." "Yes, I have been to entrance, it would not let me pass. There are two others, a trinity of circles." "One at Stonehenge, permanent, but dormant. It was dormant to me, is dormant to all, except in times of great need."&nbsp; "I have always suspected Churchill to be a powerful empath." "I have consulted with people who know of such things, secret societies of men and women, archivists." "Even then, never directly, always second and third hand." "Merlin the greatest empath of all was said to be 
the only man to truly know of their origin." "Perhaps that it why the one at Stonehenge is permanent." I suggested.

"Your head stone is in the family cemetery Uncle Micah, I was told by my parents that you were dead." "I know you are blood." "I can sense it."&nbsp; "You too are an empath, and strong enough to hide your thoughts from the average person, Arthur." "It is not Grandfather's wedding band that you need to channel through, but my father, your twin." 

"Grandfather's wedding band is merely a symbol, a crutch." "Rose was willing to sell her Ruby ring to bury her father." 
"What about my necklace, Adam." Puppy asked. "Give me your hand Clarete.... now take Rose's hand." 

"They are my channels Micah, the two women that I love dearly, who love me as well." "What is Micah's great secret Adam, why won't you share with us?" "They both said out loud." "Because it is not for you to know." I said. "We men are entitled to our secrets
just as.... Adam, No!" They both exclaimed, Clarete letting go of my hand and pulling it back quickly and letting go of Rose's as well."

"Did you just do what I thought did nephew?" My uncle said laughing. "You are such a strange man, my new found nephew."
"Not that again." I thought. "I heard that Adam." Clarete thought back, laughing. "What are you two thinking about?" Rose said, aloud.

"Fascinating," Said my newly found Uncle Micah, "Simply fascinating." "Would you consider...no, I don't suppose you would." "I do not have to read your mind know that." "You only want the life you are leading now and to be left alone, as you always have." "You value family and friends above all else, just as your father did; as did my brother Samuel did." " "Thank you for keeping my secret Adam."&nbsp;&nbsp; "Thank you for reading the sign on the locked door and not forcing your way in." "You are welcome, I would still be in prison if it were not for you uncle Micah, we are family after all."

"Your home has been burned to the ground." My uncle continued, his voice cracking. "The Fire Marshal at the scene estimated over 30 gallons of gasoline was spread throughout house, enough for every room." "Everything is gone, I would not wish such a death on anyone, to be burned alive,"&nbsp; "I have a helicopter waiting." "I insist that you stay at my estate at Martha's Vineyards."&nbsp; 

"Only on one condition." I insisted. "Anything, Adam, just name it." "First we need to go to the nursing home, you have some loose ends to tie up." 

The girls waited in the car while Micah and I went inside. We were standing outside my Dad's room and Micah hesitated.
"Are you sure we won't need your Ladies Adam?"&nbsp; "I'm sure, we don't have much time, and we need to go in soon."
 
"My father was sleeping peacefully in his bed, his breathing slow and regular. I took my father's hand in mine and motioned for Micah to take the other. My Dad opened his eyes, looked at me and then at his brother. In a strong, clear voice he said," Micah my dear brother, we have played hide-and-seek from one another for most of our adult lives, and now we have finally found each other again." 

We buried my father on the farm that he loved in our small family cemetery next to my mother. Micah, as Arthur, made Clarete's 
credit card debt and police records disappear. I do not know how he did it, nor did I ask; I got a quick enough glance through the keyhole to realize that too much curiosity could kill the Cheshire cat.

I rebuilt the farmhouse, on the original foundation that was laid down by my Grandfather &amp; Great- Grandfather, making it much larger and spacious, adding an extra story, and of course three bathrooms, all with extra large tubs. 

I don't know how my uncle managed it, but he produced all the necessary documents, allowing us dual-citizenship from a Middle Eastern Country that we never set foot in and marriage certificates the same; filed with the State Department and legally binding in all 50 States, or anywhere else for that matter.

Puppy has graduated from college as planned, and is now working in the Library part- time while our daughter Anne named after Clarete's mother, attends school, a beautiful child with the same red hair as my other children, but with dark brown eyes like Clarete's.

With my sweet Rose, I had twins, a boy and a girl, Samantha and Micah having the same red hair their mother had as a small child, and both of their great-grandmothers as well.

There was a price to pay for my father, many men have stared Death in the face, but few have talked with him, or delayed him; Death always demands his due. Clarete, my one root beer candy girl offered to pay Death's Price first, then Rose and finally myself; we are no longer empaths, and the circle is dormant again. It is said that Death is without compromise; he is after all part of the natural order of things, as are Chronos 

Chronos was quite annoyed with me, for making extra work for him, And the Moirae, the Fates, three sisters robed in white; Clotho, Lachesis &amp; Antropos were smiling, greatly amused with the trouble I was causing their cronies, nodding to each other with knowing looks on their faces. Nevertheless, delaying the natural orders of could cause irreparable damage.... business is business; our children and heirs have no liens on their empathic abilities should they choose to use them. Of course the images that they projected

Rose has her ruby ring, Clarete her carnelian necklace and I have my family; After all, who am I to break tradition?"










 







 



 



































 





















































 


















































 





























 














































































 













&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 











 









































 


































&nbsp; 












 



























 


 













.








 

















































 









&nbsp; 














Review This Story
 || Email Author:  beagle9690


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





