BDSM Library - Life of Submission




Life of Submission
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  A day to day diary of a young woman during her life has a submissive.






The best moments with Him were the quiet, relaxing ones. Lying in His bed, watching some show He had picked for the night, 

and just being able to have Him hold me while His finger tips ran through my hair. In some aspects, we had a normal, traditional, 

relationship; but I suppose the scene of our movie watching had to look strange to some. My naked body did hint at a sexual 

side of our quiet evening, as well as the collar clipped around my neck. The truth was that no one knew about our life style

together, but we preferred it that way. It was ours, not theirs, anyway. The black collar was about 2 inch wide leather, with pink

studs around it. A silver ring that was now resting on the side of my neck connected my collar with the long chain that draped

over the side of the bed, sat along the carpet, and was locked to the front, right, bedpost. I was laying next to Him with my

head resting between his hips, just above were his crotch laid in his boxers. He always made me keep my head in this position;

one of his reasons was that his cock was my master and that I should never assume I am higher than it; second, that I should

always be ready to suck it, so the closer the better. We watched the movie in silence. I was not allowed to speak; doing so,

especially whining, would result in a quick and hard smack on my ass, which he had his hand fondling. I was told to lay sideways,

with my ass in line with my head so that he could have easy access to rub or spake my ass or play with my pussy, which admittedly 

was already wet. I was allowed to move now and then, to adjust my arm or ich my nose, but he'd often remind me that such movement

was a privilege. He would spank my ass or my pussy if I was irritating him with this movement, so I obviously remained as still

as I could at all times. Although his form of teaching me obedience might have seemed abusive to traditionalists, I always

knew that he would never truly want to hurt me for malicious purposes. He knew my limits and I trusted him with my body. 

Through such trial and error I learned that such trust was gained knowing that he loved both me and my body and never took

the position of someone who wanted to hurt or break his things; as I was His. 



We remained in that position for a while. Me lying next to Him as He continued to run his fingers through my hair and rub my ass.

Teasing me, he would start to play with my pussy knowing I was wet, but smacked it each time I even flinched. He would remind 

me that I was his property by asking "Is this mine?", which I would respond yes with a nod of the head. He would then finish with

"Then be quiet and let me play with it." I would then restrain myself to my best ability, leaving my legs open and apart for his

best access. His other hand discontinued from petting my hair and moved to my face. He used two of his fingers to suggest my mouth

open, which I did obediently, and slid his boxers past his balls. A slightly erect penis fell before my face, its head resting on

my lips as I waited for His permission to start sucking. The hand returned to the back of my head, but checked to make sure my mouth

remained open first. He then pushed me down onto his cock and I quickly began sucking. While he rested that hand on my head, now and

then pushing me further onto him, he continued to tease my now very wet pussy with his fingers. A few minutes past by as we remained 

in this position in silence. Finally he spoke, asking "Do you like that cock?" I attempted a yes, while still sucking on him. He then

proceeded with, "What, I can't hear you?" When my lips came back up from sucking I took a second to say "Yes." A hard smack on my cheek 

came from the hand that had been teasing my pussy. "I didn't tell you to stop sucking, did I." I continued sucking.



He left my pussy alone for a while and I knew he was watching me squirm, trying to give it some type of push or rub. Now and then he would

smack it, harder now, telling me that if I was "good" he "might" fuck me. I then of course became even more wet and the effort not to move

was even harder. Still, I continued sucking on Him, running my tung along his shaft and keeping it moist. He brought one of my hands up and

placed it on his balls, I then started rubbing them, still sucking the now fully erect cock. He started to push harder on the back of my

head, making me take it all into my mouth; which was a struggle. I coughed a couple times, which only resulted in another smack on my

very sensitive pussy. His hand ventured along my body, grabbing my ass and rubbing it. Now that my arm was moved, he took one of my boobs

and started rubbing it, pinching my nipples every few seconds. This told me to suck harder, which I did, keeping my lips wrapped around

Him tightly. In a few seconds he unloaded into my mouth, pushing my head down and holding it there as the cum trickled down the back

of my throat. 



His breathing was heavier now and he relaxed his body, still saying nothing. He moved his hand off the back of my head,

but I knew better than to move off of his penis. I laid still, running my tung along his still hard shaft and sucking on it lightly.

He made me lay there for a few minutes doing this, telling me how much I liked his cock and how much I loved to suck it. He continued

to comment on how I liked to just have it in my mouth, as I was now, and how much of a little slut for liking it so much. He returned

his hand to my pussy, which was soaking, and started to rub it. Admittedly, I whined. His tone changed to that taunting, teasing, tone.

He asked "What", although I was not allowed to answer. I whined again like a dog. He continued to play with my clit saying "Do you 

want something?" Again I whined, squirming, trying to push my pussy against his fingers for more. The next few minutes seemed like hours

as he taunted me, asking me if I needed him to fuck me. Asking if I needed his cock inside me, describing it going in and out of my 

tight pussy as he spanked my ass. I whined again, still with his large penis in my mouth like a gag; my jaw as starting to ache. He

suddenly grabbed a handful of my hair and jerked my head back; his penis fell out of my mouth and I landed on the mattress, next

to him. My blue eyes looked up at him as he was now moving to the side of the bed and stepping onto the floor. My chain chimed as I moved

to sit up, watching him like a dog watches their master leave. I started to crawl after him, but the sound of my chain must have gave me

away because he turned and snapped his fingers at me saying, "Stay", then continued walking into his closet. I sat back down with a sigh,

I could feel my juices smearing on the insides of my thighs. I wondered if he was getting dressed. If he planned to give me some relief 

or just leave me here. It was late, almost midnight, I was doubting he was going anywhere. He could, though, go downstairs to eat, or 

continue his movie. I whined out loud to myself at the thought of being left up here alone, chained so I couldn't follow him. When he

finally appeared out of the closet he noticed the worry on my face and questioned "what?". I was told not to speak, so I just whined 

at him very softly and pleading. It wasn't until then that I noticed the whip and dildo in his hand. 













Review This Story
 || Email Author:  The Green Dragon


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





