BDSM Library - Last Night For A French Woman




Last Night For A French Woman
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This story was inspired by that end-time Canadian film LAST NIGHT where it was the end of the world and it focused on the lives of six separate individuals and how they spent their last moments. 








Last Night For A French Woman







Isabelle Fontaine was sat on her sofa, staring at the clock. It was only 3PM. The world was going to end tonight. At 12PM sharp. Everyone she knew left the apartment block. Except for her. And for that noisy family downstairs. A Filipino family.They had a son who was in high school playing basketball all the time. She sent them a note before, telling them to lower down the noise level. They had already become Canadian citizens and their son was a second generation Canadian. 





Isabelle was a petite French woman&nbsp; at&nbsp; the&nbsp; age&nbsp; of&nbsp; 35; 5 foot 9, round face, short brown hair, green eyes and resembled that French actress who played in that 70s British sitcom Mind Your Language. She also had large breasts at size 40D. She was not really from France. She was from Quebec but living in Toronto. And she considered herself French and always thought it would have been great for Quebec to secede and become&nbsp; a&nbsp; part of France.





KNOCK&nbsp; KNOCK



Isabelle got up from her sofa and walked towards the apartment door. "I am coming," she was surprised who would be paying her a visit. All her relatives were in Quebec, trying to make it to Framnce before the world ends. All her friends left Toronto for the US. Even their landlord left the apartemnt just a week ago as he didn't care for rent anymore. 

She stayed becauise she had nowhere else to go and had not thought of going anywhere at all. She loved her solitude.

She opened the door and she saw who her visitor was. "What do you want?" Isabelle asked her visitor coldly. 

It was Manuel, that young son of that Filipino family who lived below her. She hated his guts since he had behaved arrogant in front of her so many times. He was only 15 years old, still in high school and already a head taller than her. 





Manuel smiled at her, saying, "My family left me. It is just you and me now." "I am not surprised. You are an arrogant guy you know that," she shot back at him.&nbsp; Before she could say another word, Manuel pulled out a gun from behind him and pressed it against her forehead. She was scared instatly. He had a gun. "That is right. It is just you and me now," Manuel forcing her with his gun to move back. 





"Please don't shoot me. I have money," Isabelle pleaded for her life. She didn't want to die. She was even afraid that the world was going to end at 12PM. "I don't care for your money Miss Fontaine. Or should I just call you Isabelle. There is something else I want," Manuel smiling wickedly. Isabelle knew what he was going to do. He intended to rape her.

"Let's go to your bedroom," Manuel still pointing his gun towards her. Isabelle walked towards in front of him, leading them both to her bedroom.





They were inside isabelle's bedroom. "Now take off your clothes Isabelle," Manuel making a clcking sound with his gun. Isabelle surrendered. She did not want to die this early and so she gave in to his demand. She slowly took off her shirt. She then took off her skirt. She slipped&nbsp; out of her slippers. Manuel's cock was getting stiffer, watching her only down to her black bra and black panty. "Take those out too,"&nbsp; pointing his gun from her bra to her panty. Isabelle slowly pulled her opanty down to her feet and slipped out of them. She then unhooked ehr bar from behind her back and let it fall on the floor.

completely naked, she covered her breasts and pussy. 





"Now get on the bed," Manuel using his gun to make her move towards her bed. Isabelle climbed up her bed. Manuel quickly went by the bed and forced her to spread her arms and legs. He then quickly moved to one of her drawers and took out two clothes of hers. "i want you to tie each of your ankle to each of these bed posts," Manuel hitting the end of his gun at both bed posts on both the left end and the right end.&nbsp; Isabelle tied each of her ankles and she tied the end of each cloth to each bed post below her by the end of the bed. 





He slowly moved backwards, not taking his eyes off her. He was eyeing her breasts and body, "Don't make a move or I'll shoot." She shook her head in fear. He could see it in her eyes. He took two more cloths ouf of the drawer. He threw both of them towards Isabelle, saying, "Tie each of your wrists. And don't try to be a hero or I'll shoot."&nbsp; Isabelle did as she was told. She tied a knot on both her wrists.&nbsp; Manuel quickly came to her side. He climbed on top of the bed. He placed one leg over her left arm while tying her right arm to the upper bed post on its right. He then got off her left arm and tied her left wrist towards the bed post to its upper left. 





Isabelle was completely naked. Spread-eagled. Tied up in bondage. Helpless and the beauty of it was that he coudl rape her without anyone coming to her rescue. With the world ending, no one would care for the plight of one woman. And not to mention that they were already totally all alone in that entire building. His family left him because he had a feud with them and told him to do what he wanted with what is left of his life. 





Manuel place his gun by a char and then quickly took off his own clothes.&nbsp; Once he was naked, he quickly gopt up on the bed. On top of Isabelle. "I always wanted to fuck you," Manuel smiling down to her. Isabelle was angry. She spat at his face, screaming, "Go to hell you stupid bastard." She started cursing in French. He wiped the spit from his face. he was angry and slapped her really hard on the face, shouting, "Don't you ever do that or I'll blow your fucking herad off right now."

Isabelle was scared. She shook her head, begging, "No no please. I have done nothing to you."

"You have done something to me. You always complain whenever I play basketball downstairs. You send my mom notes. My dad beats me with the belt because of you. You deserve to pay for that," he smiled.





Manuel smiled wickedly, forcing his lips onto hers. He was giving her a firm kissing. He then moved down by her nape, starting to kiss at it, lick at it and even biting at it. Isabelle reacted by him touching her neck this way. She was making moaning sounds. His brown golden color was above her more pale-olive complexion.&nbsp; Manual started thrusting his cock inside her pussy, fucking it while at the same time sucking and kissing her right nipple and his fingers twitching on her left nipple. Isabelle was moaning sexually and his cock flooding her French pussy with his Asian sperm. He was making her cum, this guy she didn't like at all.





His tongue was putting saliva on her right nipple. Her left nipple was being twitched like it were a toy of some sort.

Isabelle was starting to scream. Manuel stopped sucking on her and fucking her pussy and then moved his body up. He then sat on top of her body, placing his cock between her tits. He was squeezing her tits against his cock, saying, "I want you to open your mouth and let my sperm go into your French mouth. Got it," he demanded. Isabelle just oepend ehr mouth in coomplianc.e As he touched and pressed her breasts against his cock, he started cumming. His cock got stiff, with sperm oozing out. Both her breasts with coated with Filipino sperm and still flooding down her neck, and all the way to her mouth. All Isabelle could do was drink it all.&nbsp; Manuel then re-positioned himself on her neck, pushing her mouth towards his cock. She was giving him a&nbsp; blowjob, drinking his juice.&nbsp; She dared not bite it in fear of the retribution. 





Manuel got off her and just lied next to her while she was all tied up. He was playing with her boobs. "You know I always dreamt of being a successful basketball player and married to some nice French chick like you," Manuel joking with Isabelle. Isabelle just stared at the ceiling. "That is very nice," Isabelle was bitter being forced to become his bitch.

"I always wanted ti fuck a nice warm French pussy. or even wet French pussy. Did you know that during the Second World War many French women collaborated with the Nazis and slept with German soldiers. whoring themselves around while many of their fellow countrymen of Jewish and Gyspsy descent were sent to gulags and concentration camps. How moral indeed," Manuel pulling at her left nipple. Isabelle screamed in pain. 





Manuel then sat on top of her, with his hands groping her breasts, squeezing at them softly. "You know you're not bad looking for your age. Mom said you were thirty five. I am just fifteen. Just a twenty year difference. If you had no money and I was wealthy I would have married you," he chuckled. "I know that you Filipino guys love white women so it is no loss for you," she shot back at him.





He then got up from his bed, went to the chair where his gun was, took the gun and climbed back on top of the bed. On top of Isabelle. "What...what&nbsp; are you doing?" she panicked for her life.&nbsp; "You are starting to irritate me. Now I want you to open your mouth," he pointed his gun at her temple. Isabelle automatically opened her jaw for him. he put his gun into her mouth, saying, "Don't worry I am not going to blow your head off. I just want you to suck this gun. I want you to give it a blowjob," Manuel commanded. Isabelle started sucking the gun's barrel off in front of him. "It tastes good doesn't it," Manuel laughed at her. The gun's barrel was cold and tasted like stone. he then took the gun out of her mouth and then shoved it up her pussy. Isabelle screamed. "You like that don't you bitch," Manuel taunting her and fucking her pussy with the barrel fo the gun. She was cumming to the gun. She felt like a cheap whore, making screaming and moaning sounds to this defiling act he was forcing&nbsp; her through. She was cumming on his barrel. He was enjoying what he saw. Manuel took off the barrel and then quickly shoved it into her mouth, saying, "Suck your own cum off my gun or I'll blow your pretty little head off." Isabelle was sucking her own cum off his gun.





Manuel finally took the gun out of her mouth.&nbsp; "I am going back to my place and I will be back," he told her. Manuel left her place and retured back in five minutes.&nbsp; She was still tied up naked. he untied her ankles and then went to untie her wrists, but holding his gun towards her.&nbsp; After he set her free, she was feelign for her wrists while in the bed.





"Get up," he pointed his gun towards her.&nbsp; Isabelle climbed out of the bed and she realised why he left and came back. She saw a pair of handcuff attached to his belt. He took out the cuff from his belt and threw it at her, saying, "Cuff one of your hands."&nbsp; Isabelle caught the handcuff and cuffed her left wrist.&nbsp; Manuel quickly went behind her, pulled her left hand back and made her move her right hand back, while he cuffed her right wrist as well. 







He&nbsp; patted her ass,&nbsp; "Now climd on the bed...slowly." Isabelle slowly climbed back on the bed again. But this time she was on her knees on top of the bed. He was making her bend over. Manuel stepped back, put his gun down, quickly took off his clothes and then went behind her. He thrusted his cock up her ass, fuckign ehr anally while squeezing both her breasts. She screamed. "You like don't you bitch. I once watched Schindler's List. You French girls would whore yourselves for strong men who take you by force don't you," Manuel taunted her. Isabelle&nbsp; was feeling her breasts&nbsp; being shaken and her ass being pumped&nbsp; with his juice.





After fucking her ass, he took his cock off. He was seeing his own sperm flooding out ofher ass cheeks,&nbsp; down to her legs. 

he quickly turned her around, saying, "We are going to go now to the balcony," Manuel commanded.&nbsp; He led her by holding on to her tied-behind arms.&nbsp; He led them both to her own balcony. He opened the door to the balcony and pushed her towards her own bacony railing. They were high on the sixth floor. "Don't worry if you cooperate I won't push you down," he said.

She&nbsp; nodded...in obedience. "Good," he kissed her on the head. He slowly placed his cock inside her pussy while telling her to wrap her legs around his back.&nbsp; She slowly lifted her legs up, managing to wrap it around his back while his cock was fucking her pussy.&nbsp; His arms were around her back. Nothing like having this sort of sex out on the open air. It was fresh and healthy.





After fucking her pussy and shoving her back against the balcony railing, he ordered her to let her legs down. He slowly withdrew his cock out from her pussy and then turned her around. She was now facing the balcony railing and everything below her. He pummeled her ass really hard. 





Afterwards, he unlocked the wrists on her back. He even showed her that the gun was empty. He was coming out clean. After putting her clothes back on, she slapped him hard on the face, screamign at his face, "Don't you ever do that. Ever." 

"I just wanted to do this before the world ends. You are a beautiful woman and I thought of having sex with you. Did I tell you that I turned down a sixteen year old Blonde...just for you," Manuel slowly walking away. As he was about to open the apartment door, she shouted at him, "Wait Manuel. Please wait."&nbsp; He turned around to look at her.

"Do you really fancy me? Do you really think I am beautiful worth having sex with?" she asked him.

"Yes..yes I do," he nodded. "Where would you go little boy. Your parents left you. Time is short. You might as well spend the end of the world with me. I don't think we really know each other very well. Stay with me. Keep me company. Till it all ends. I will make us dinner. Ok," she smiled at him.&nbsp; "Ok,2 he agreed.







It was 7PM. Isabelle cooked them both spaghetti. "You make good spaghetti," Manuel complimented Isabelle.

"Thank you Manuel. I am glad you like my cooking," she smiled. They were eating at her dining table. 

She looked at him, saying, "Manuel. I just have one last request."&nbsp; "Sure?&nbsp; What is it?" Manuel asked.

"I just want you to make love to me. If the world ends, I want to see it end with someone I am making love with."





It was 9PM. Manuel was fucking Isabelle very hard in the pussy. They were French kissing. He was kissing her lips. Then her neck. Then he was kissing and sucking on her nipples.&nbsp; And then he was licking her pussy. Isabelle was happy being made to feel like a woman. She never expected to be spending her last night on planet Earth with some 15 year old boy who had been irritating her for three&nbsp; years. She no longer hated him. She loved him with all her heart.





They continued making love for hours. When they stopped, his cock was inside her pussy. She looked at him, saying, "Manuel I just want to say that I love you.." Manuel hugged her. "I love you too,2 Manuel said, kissing her firmly on the lips. 

"Manuel if the world doesn't end, perhaps we should get married..say when you turn eighteen. I would be happy to be pregnant with your children."&nbsp; "Is five ok," Manuel loved having his cock inside her French pussy. "Manuel I would give you seven if I have to. And no looking at other women. Promise,2 she teased him back. "Promise," he said.&nbsp; They kissed, and they continued fucking again.&nbsp; He contineud to fuck her pussy and she continued to have her orgasm...





.........until&nbsp; it all&nbsp; ended.











&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; THE&nbsp; WORLD&nbsp; HAS&nbsp; ENDED (with that song Juan Ta La Mera in mind )





&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; THE&nbsp; END











Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Sonya Esperanto


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





