BDSM Library - Last Girls On Planet Earth




Last Girls On Planet Earth
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: About two college students in Canada who are the last 2 individuals left on planet Earth after a virus killed the rest of the population.






LAST&nbsp; GIRLS&nbsp; ON&nbsp; PLANET&nbsp; EARTH







"So what do you want to do today?" asked Chin Tsien. "What we always do every day. Watch some films," Margaret said.

Chin Tsien and margaret were the last 2 people on Earth, ever since a virus killed the rest of the planet.

As for why thye survived, they don't even know. 

Both girls were college students, and housemates, in a district of Vancouver, Canada.

Chin Tsien was a Chinese-Singaporean; 5 foot 9, slim, with long black hair, high cheekbones and at the tender age of 19 hates Margaret. 

Margaret was a French National, 5 foot 7, also slim, with a round face, is either pale or tanned at times, short brown hair, green eyes and&nbsp; stole Chin Tsien's Gwai Lo boyfriend from her, before the virus killed him like it did everyone else.

Both girls only liked men and were heterosexual, never experimenting with the same sex and never intend to in their lives. 

And both were proud of their countries, sometimes spoiled and arrogant.





Both girls were sat on the lounge's sofa, watching a DVD of the British film Brigitte Jones' Diary 2. 

"After this, can we watch the Titanic. I just love Leonaro Di Caprio," Chin Tsien smiled at Margaret.

"Oh you just love every white guy you see," Margaret chuckled at her.

Chin Tsien kept silent. She hated what she perceived as Margaret's sense of racial superiority, just because Margaret was European and she was Asian. 





The virus killed the rest of the country, and the planet, only a week ago. The other housemates died elsewhere. The radio and the news announced what went on worldwide, until every news station and radio station no longer were operating. 

The girls spent time chatting, and this was something Margaret would never have done with Chin tsien if things had remained the same. Margaret was only being friendly with her because there was no one else around to talk to, Chin Tsien thought.

She even thought Margaret stupid since Margaret stole her boyfriend and not even suspecting as to whether Chin Tsien would try harming her or taking any form of revenge for having stolen her boyfriend. 





Apart from chatting, they played cards, monopoly, went out of the hosue to walk around and do window shopping (even stole clothes from shops as there was no 1 to stop them now) and of course watch films together. The filled the lounge with DVDs from the rental shops. 





After watching Brigiite Jones Dairy 2 and Titanic, both girls had dinner on the dining table. Chin Tsien cooked them Chinese food. "This food is great," Margaret savouring the taste of Chinese duck. "Chinese food is well liked by everyone," Chin Tsien said. "Well French food is way better but thanks for cooking anyways," Margaret was unaware of her own rudeness.

"Oh you're welcome," Chin Tsien shot back sarcastically.





This bitch gets on my nerves too much, Chin Tsien thought. And then she had an idea in her head.





"Hey Margaret, we do the same ol thing every night. How about we play a game?" Chin Tsien suggested.

"Game? What game did you have in mind?" Margaret asked.

"I was thinking like Chess," Chin Tsien said.&nbsp;&nbsp; "Chess is a good game," Margaret agreed.

"But I was thinking more like a wager," Chin Tsien said.

"A wager? You mean like a bet," Margaret said. "You can say that," Chin Tsien said.

"Hmm. That soudns like soemthing new. What did you have in mind?" Margaret asked.

"Five games of chess. the person who wins three games in a row wins," Chin Tsien said.

"So what does the winnger get?" Margaret was confused. 

"The loser has to be the slave of the winner," Chin Tsien smiled wickedly.

"You're on. I would easily beat you in any game," Margaret laughed.

"Ok fine. We start playing right away after dinner," Chin Tsien coulnd't tolerate too much of this petite French girl's arrrogance.&nbsp; 

"Just one question," Margaret said.

"What?" Chin Tsien asked angrily.

"How long will you have to be my slave for?" Margaret confident that she would win.

"How about one week," Chin Tsien said.

"What day is it today?" Margaret asked.

"I think it's Tuesday night," Chin Tsien looked elsewhere. 

"So that means that you will be a free woman by Sunday yes," Margaret laughed.

"If I lose, yes," Chin Tsien sighed.

"Good. I can't wait to have a nice Asian slave doing what I tell her to do. You lost your boyfriend to me and now you will be my slave for a week," Margaret laughed.







After dinner was over, Chin Tsien offered to clean up.&nbsp; She then brought her chess set and set everything up on the dining table. "So what do you want to be? White or black?" Chin Tsien asked. "Well since I'm white, I think I should be white. And your hair is black so black would be betetr for you," Margaret sounding dumb and cocky.

Margaret was sat by the white peices. Chin Tsien sat by the black pieces.

"As you are white you get to go first," Chin Tsien said. Their game started





AFTER THE FIRST GAME





"I can't believe I lost to you. This cannot be. I am French,2 Margaret complained.

"So you wanna quit," Chin Tsien laughing. 

"No Asian girl is going to beat me in chess the second time," Margaret said.

"So we go for a second match then,2 chin Tsien said.

"You're on," Margaret said.





AFTER THE SECOND GAME





"No. No. No. This is not my night. This is not my night," Margaret complained.

"I guess I am just betetr than you. No French woman can ever beat an Asian woman at chess," Chin Tsien laughed. 

"No. I will not lose twice to you. Let us play again. This time I know I will beat you,2 Margaret bragged.

"And why is that???" Chin Tsien crossing her arms on her chest.

"because we French invented chess," Margaret screamed.





AFTER THE THIRD GAME





"I lost to you...again," Margaret sighed.

"And you know what that means," Chin Tsien said.

Margaret was slow. "No what?"

"You lost to me in this game three times. We made a bet. The loser must be the slave of the winner for a week. You must be my slave until Sunday," Chin Tsien said. 





"I...I am your slave...for a week," Margaret panicked.

"Yes you are. You are my slave. For a week. From now on you will all me mistress. And I will call you Tsi Bai," Chin Tsisn getting up from her chair. 

Margaret looked up at her.

"Get up Tsi Bai. I command you," Chin Tsien ordered her.

Margaret slowly got up from her seat.&nbsp; Chin Tsien slowly walked towards where Margaret was stood. Chin Tsein stood a bit taller than Margaret, thereby allowing her to easily look down on her. 

"Who are you?" Chin Tsien barked at Margaret.

"I..I am your slave," Margaret responded meekly. 

SLAP. 

"No. You must aklways adress me as mistress. Am I udnerstood," Chin Tsien shouted at ehr new French slave.

"Yes. Yes i understand mistress," Margaret was scared, touching her slapped face and indicating that she didn't want her 'mistress' to slap her again. 





"Good. Tomorrow I will tell you your schedule but right now. I want you to do certain things for me," Chin Tsien smiled wickedly. 

"What...what do you want me to do mistress??" Margaret panickingly looking up to her Asian mistress.

"I am going to watch Titanic again. But this time there will be one exception," Chin Tsien giving her French slave an evil look.





When Chin Tsien was sat down by the sofa watching Titanic, Margaret lied on the floor, by the sofa. 

While Chin Tsien was enjoying the film, the bottom of her feet were on Margaret's face. 

Margaret was lapping her tongue away at Chin Tsien's foot's bottom. It was disgusting and degrading. But what is a slave to do. Margaret wanted tonight to be over. 





After the film was over, Chin Tsien made Margaret follow her to her bedroom. 

"Take off your clothes Tsi Bai," Chin Tsien ordered. "Yes mistress," Margaret slwoly stripping off her clothes until she was completely naked. 

Chin Tsien took the pillow out of her bed and placed it on the table.&nbsp; She then pulled down her woollen&nbsp; blanket.&nbsp; 

She pointed to Margaret, "Lie down."

"Yes mistress," Margaret climbing on the bed, lying her whole body down as she faced the bedroom ceiling.





"Ok Tsi Bai. Sit up," Chins Tsien ordered. Margaret was sitting up on the bed.

Chin Tsien went to her drawer and took a pair of handcuffs. She went to Margaret and puleld her arms back, cuffing her wrists together. 

"There. Now lie down," Margaret trying to move her body down. She was now helpless as her hands were cuffed behind her back.





Chin Tsien went back to her drawer and took out a ballg gag (reserved for her boyfriend which Margaret stole from her).

Chin Tsien put the ball-gag on Margaret's mouth. 

Chin Tsien was pinching both of Margaret's nipple,s saying, "You got nice tits. But don't worry. I am not a lesbian."

Margaret winched at her nipples being pinched, closing her eyes in agony.





And then she ordered Margaret, "Now spread your legs high up on the air."

Margaret was confused, but still spreads her legs high up on the air, revealing her pubic hair to Chin Tsien. 

Chin Tsien finally takes out two clothes and she uses each to tie each of Margaret's ankles towards the two top bed posts, making her legs hnag high in the air for display. 





"You look like a nice piece of furniture Tsi Bai. But to be honest, I don't like your pubic hair," Chin Tsien said.

Chin Tsien took from one of her drawer a cream that she would sometimes put on her own pubic hair. She spread some of the cream on Margaret's brown pubic hair.

After she finished putting the cream, she then took out her shaver and started shaving off margaret's pubic hair, with her brown pubic hair being pushed to a piece of tissue beneath her cunt.

Chin Tsien threw the tissue with the collected pubic hair away on her dust bin. 





"Tonight you are my pillow Tsi Bai. Good night," Chin Tsien turned off the lights and rested her head between Margaret's boobs. She sued the French girl's boobs as organic pillows. 

"Your tits mke nice pillows Tsi Bai," Margaret laughed.&nbsp; "Swweet dreams."







WEDNESDAY MORNING





"Wake up," Margaret was woken by a slap on her face. Margaret blinked her eyes and saw Chin Tsien taking out her ball gag. 

She untied Margaret's ankles from the upper bed posts. Margaret was relieved. She slowly mioved her legs down b ut they were now aching after being forced to be stretched up the whole night.&nbsp; Chin Tsien also helped her up and uncuffed her hands.

"Thank you mistress," Margaret said.&nbsp; Chin Tsien had some clothes on her desk. She took them and threw them at Margaret.

"Put these on and meet me downstairs tsi Bai," Chin Tsien mocked her. "Yes mistress," Margaret replied. 

Margaret had put her new clothes on.&nbsp; When she looked at the mirror, she realised that she was dressed up as a French maid. The fishnet stockings. The short skirt. The kinky cap. She is using me as her maid, Margaret panicked. 





Margaret went downstairs, towards the dining hall. Chin Tsien was sat at the head of the dining table. 

Margaret stood before Chin Tsien.&nbsp; "I think your new uniform suits you Tsi Bai," Chin Tsien laughed.

"Listen to me carefully. Before I ask you to cook me breakfast, I am going to give you a new name. I think now that you are my maid I think I should call you by a more appropriate name for a French maid. I think I'll call you Fifi.&nbsp; So Fifi, I want you to make me those nice toasted French toast breads, a cup of coffee," Chin Tsien said.

"As you wish mistress," Margaret walked away.





Margaret cooked her mistress brakfast. After she was done, she brought her mistress's breakfast on to the table. 

"Smells nice. Fifi while I eat all this, I want you to make some nice French fries. Step on it," Chin Tsien barked, before starting to eat her breakfast.





After Margaret finished cooking French fries, she came with them towards the dining table. "No, I am not having the fries here on this table. Come with me to the lonunge,2 Chin Tsien getting up, motioning for her French maid to follow her towards the lounge floor."Now I want you to pull down your panty and sit your French ass on the floor," Chin Tsien commanded.Margaret pulled her panty down and took it off her, putting it besdie jer on the floor as she sat down. "Spread yuor legs Fifi,2 Chin tsien ordered. Margaret was spreading her legs, showing what was between her legs. 

"Now I want you to take a fry, dip it inside your pussy and at it," Chin Tsien smiled wickedly.

Margaret was reluctant. "I said do it bitch. Before I slap you," Chin Tsien screamed.

Margaret picked upa fry from the plate in front of her, slowly put one end of it inside her pussy, pulled it out and then slowly put it on her mouth. She opened her mouth, slowly chewing on. 

As Chin Tsien laughed at what she was putting her French maid through, a tear fell down Margaret's cheek.

She did this in a trance-like state, like as if she was some kind of robot.







WEDNESDAY AFTERNOON





"Fifi, I want a glass of juice," Chin Tsien commanded. "Coming mistress," Margaret walked away, went to the kitchen, took out a glass, opened the fridge and took a juice carton out, poured juice on the glass, put the carton back in the fridge and went back to the lounge, where her mistress was sat, watching some DVD film. "Now continue to fan me Fifi,"Chin Tsien shot at her. "As you command mistress" Margaret complied. She picked up the large feather fan and started fanning her mistress.



The day was getting to her. Making her food. Washing her in the bath. Cleaning and washing her feet. Serving her in every way. She dreaded what happened when night came.









THURSDAY







Same ol rotuine. Chin Tsien woke Margaret up with a slap, after using her breasts as human pillow. She made her mistress breakfast and yet had to eat breakfast in a degrading disgusting way, such as putting fries on her pussy and eating them. 



At night, Chin Tsien would watch TV, her feet on Margaret's face. Sometimes she licked below the feet and sometimes she was made to suck both her toes. 









FRIDAY&nbsp; AFTERNOON





Chin Tsien and Maid Margaret went to the nearby mall. They took the stairs towards the third floor.

To the place where they used to play snooker. 

"Take off your clothes Fifi and lie down on top of the snooker table," Chin Tsien commanded. 

"Yes mistress," Margaret slowly stripping off her maid uniform until she was naked and then climbed onto the snooker table, lying her back to it.&nbsp; 

Chin Tsien had brought a shopping bag with some thing inside. She took four clothes and she tied a wrist or an ankle of Margaret down to a table leg.&nbsp; Margaret could not escape now. She was spread eagled over the snooker table. 

Chin Tsien finally&nbsp; grabbed a snooker stick and a black ball.&nbsp; She&nbsp; aimed the end of the stick towards the ball, towards Margaret's exposed pussy.&nbsp; She hit the ball, making it hit Margaret's pussy. Margaret screamed like hell. Music to Chin Tsien's ears.&nbsp; The ball bounced away from her pussy. Chin Tsien did it again. Stick against he ball and ball towards Margaret's pussy. Another strike, followed by another scream. 

Chin Tsien used the ball to hit margaret's pussy for more than 20 times.





After using margaret's pussy as a ball target, she took out a candle and lighted it up with a lighter, creating fire on top of it. She walked to Margaret, slowly dripping candle wax on the reddened French pussy. Margaret continued to scream for more than hour. Margaret's pain and hell was Chin Tsien's pleasure and heaven. After burning Margaret's pussy, she then moved the candle wax over her nipples dripping candle wax on the sensitive nipples. Margaret scerame as both ehr nipples were becoming molten by candle wax drippings.&nbsp; Margaret was losing consciousness from all the pain. Chin Tsien just shoved the butt of the candle on top of Margaret's abused reddened pussy, like as if it was a holder. 







Chin Tsien&nbsp; gave it an hour until she gently pulled out the candle out of Margaret's bashed up pussy. She also untied Margaret's ankles and wrists. She then gave her a tight slap, waking her up instantly. Margaret started blinking her eyes. Chin Tisen just looked at Margaret's pussy. It was completely red. As for her French nipples, they were much darker and thicker, since the wax molten looked like an extra extension of her organic nipples. 





Chin Tsien&nbsp; took out a water bottle, giving it to Margaret, saying "Drink this. You are going to need your strength."

"Thank you mistress," Margaret took the bottle, opened the cap and started drinking. She was thirsty and looked weakened from all the abuse she had earlier.&nbsp; After watching margaret drinking for just two minutes, Chin Tsien cruelly took the water bottle away from her, shouting, "Enough."





"Now I want you to l;ie down again but this time faced down," Chin Tsien shouted. Maragret was afraid of Chin Tsien's shouting and so turned around, facing the top of the snooker table. "No wait. I want you to be on your knees but prostrating your uppbery body," Chin Tsien commanded. Margaret re-positioned her body. She was on her knees, but her body bent over, facing the top of the table. Margaret's ass was for display. Chin Tsien then tied up Margaret's ankles together and also her wrists behind her back. She then tied a noose around Margaret's neck, tying it to the other end to one of the table legs and her ankle ropes tied to the two table legs behind her. 





Chin Tsien spanked Margaret's ass really hard, laughing, "You have a nice ass Margaret. I take it that you French girls like to take it from behind."&nbsp; Chin Tsien took out a cooking oil bottle and opened its cap. She then started pouring oil over Margaret's French ass. Her ass was now oily. Chin Tsien then used the same snooker stick she had used earlier against Margaret and used it to continue whacking Margaret's ass.





WHACK WHACK





Margaret screamed like hell. The oil in her ass made her ass sensitive to beatings. 

Chin Tsien smiled, as she started hitting Margaret's ass a couple more times.





WHACK WHACK





Margaret screamed, her body in agony and flinching in pain. Uncontrollable pain causing her to scream. 

Chin Tsien was doing this for an hour.&nbsp; When she eventually got tired, she untied Margaret and gave the French maid 30 minutes to recover. After all if her was was hurting she couldn't expect her to sit down. 

Margaret's ass was really red. As red as a tomato.





They eventually left the mall, with Margaret walking very funnily. She was walking as if she had been raped from behind. And from in front. And she was dressed up in her French maid uniform, carrying the shopping bag and all tis essentials which Chin Tsien brought earlier. 





"We are not going home yet Fifi. We have a stop to make," Chin Tsien said. Not far from the mall was an area full of student accomodation houses. One of them was the house of Chin Tsien's friends from college.

Once they were in the house, Chin Tsien took a nearby rock and threw it against the window. It shattered, its glasses falling everywhere outside and inside the window. Chin Tsien carefully walked to that window and from there, she put her hands through, opening the door lock for that house.&nbsp; She opened the door. She looked to Margaret, shouting, "Come in Fifi."





Chin Tsien and Margaret walked inside the house.&nbsp; In the house, they saw the lounge. In the lounge they saw a sofa, On the sofa were sat three male students - corpses. They looked like they were decomposing halfway. Chin Tsien dropped the shopping bag, dragging Margaret by her hair towards where the couch was. The TV was still running but nothing was on.





"I want you to give him a blowjob," Chin Tsien pointing to the corpse of what looked like a male Chinese student. 

Margaret saw the corpse. Not even flies flying and buzzing around. Margaret looked in horror.

She wants me to have sex with a dead body, Margaret panicking in her mind. 

"I said give him a blow job before I beat the shit ouf of you again," Chin Tsien shouted at her French maid.

Margaret was afraid of Chin Tsien. As every day passes with every abuse she gets, she becomes more and more submissive. 

Margaret walked right in front of the corpse of that male Chinese student, dropping to her knees, unzipping his pants and she then started giving the corpse a blowjob. Margaret was sucking his dick like a lollipop. 

Chin Tsien was stood behind Margaret, looking down at her and laughing at her, having succeeded in making her do humiliating things which she would have never done if she were a free woman. The dick of the cropse stunk. It was also atsting very funny in her mouth but no sperm was coming out at all. Just stinking dull humid human air. 





"Ok enough," Chin Tsien yanked Margaret's hair. "I want you to give him a blowjob," Chin Tsien pointing to the corpse of another sat-down male student. This time a male Caucasian. Margaret walks on her knees next to him, and giving him the blowjob too. After sucking for nearly half-an-hour, Chin Tsien yanked her hair and pointed to the third male corpse - an African-American student. Margaret then goes to him and gives his corpse a BJ too. And his cock was the biggest. As she attempted to suck him off, his cock filled her up her entire jaw, making it ache. 





After Chin Tsien finished making her do her 'blow job' chores, she then led her by the hand towards the stairs, walking up, headed for one of the bedrooms. Chin Tsien kicks the door open. There was a female student corpse lying on the bed. It was a friend of Chin Tsien's (like all the males downstairs). The girl had long blond hair. Also a college student. 

"I want you to make love to her as if she was your boyfriend," Chin Tsien commanded. Margaret climbed on top of the bed, on top of the female Blonde corpse, smelling and looking at the decomposing rotting face. She pressed her face downwards, closing her eyes as she hated what she was about to do. She started giving the Blonde corpse some French kissing. 

"You just love women don't you," Chin Tsien making fun of her from the background. 

Margaret then went down on the Blonde, unbuttoning her shirt and unhooking her bra, slwoly kissing, licking and sucking on the right nipple of the corpse. It tasted like dead snail. After doing it with the dead Blonde's right nipple, she then did it with the left nipple as well.&nbsp; After she finished sucking and likcing and kissing the nipples, she then moved down.&nbsp; She pulled down the dead corpse's panty and she then started lapping her tongue away at the corpse's pussy. It tasted like frog's legs. In the abckground, she heard her mistress calling to her, "Ok Fifi. You can stop now. I think we ought to head home. I think you are going to need some showering."









BACK AT THE HOUSE







Margaret was taking a nice lukewarm shower. She was trying to shrug off the candle wax from her nipples and hoping that the water would cool off her mouth (having tasted decaying bacteria), her ass and pussy (very red indeed). 

In the shower, Margaret was crying. She wished she was a free woman again. 

Just 2 days to go.





After shower, she cooked her mistress dinner. But Margaret was on all fours next to her mistress, eating food pieces from her mistress's plate, on her own plate on the floor. Just like a dog.

When dinner was over, Margaret cleaned up the plates. Hers and her mistress. 





That night, Chin Tsien was enjoying watching Titanic on DVD again. While Chin Tsien was sat down, Margaret was massaging her feet. Chin Tsien got tired of humilaiting Margaret for the rest of that evening and so just gave her an easy task. 

When Chin Tsien had finsiehd watching television, she called it a night. Maragret was once more asked to get naked, climb on top of Chin Tsien's bed and assume that painful aching body position, where her ankles are hanging high up in the air, tied to the upper bed posts while her hands are cuffed behind her back. And she had a ball gag too. Chin Tsien enjoyed Margaret's boobs, as it made good comfortable pillow.

"Good night Fifi," Chin Tsien on the verge of snoring. 







SATURDAY AFTERNOON





Chin Tsien and Margaret went to the zoo.&nbsp; Margaret dreaded what Chin Tsien was going to put her through next. And they finally stopped at the only part of the zoo where the animals were not dead, like all the rest.

It was the small lake that had a giant turtle in it. Turltes had a higher lifespan even than human beings and so would have survived the virus attack.



"I want you to climb over the wall," Chin Tsien pointing to the wall that separated the turtle from the zoo's roadway. Margaret climbed oer it, as it was only 4 foot. Once she was on the other side, she landed on soft ground. 

"Now take off yuor clothes and assume the position that you are offering it to make love to you," Chin Tsien shouted commandingly.





Margaret stripped off her maid uniform and went on her knees, slowly moving her upper body downwards. Chin Tsien saw the giant turle coming out its lake, heading srtaight for land. It was seeing Margaret's offere ass. And it was slowly coming for it. "Just remember. It is as heavy as one of thsoe jocks you fuck," Chin Tsien laughed cruelly.

The turtle walked so slowly, but it finally made it towards Margaret's bent over body. It climbed over Margaret's back, thrusting its slimy amphibious cock up her French human ass. It was fucking her very very slowly. But the size of its cock was hurting inside her ass, which was only bruised up the day before. 

It was two hours after the turtle finally got off her, slowly moving towards the lake water. 





Margaret was slowly getting up, but she heard Chin Tsien shouting to her, "Put everything back on except your panty."

After Margaret finished putting the rest of her clothes on, she was walking slowly towards the wall. 

The turtle hammered from behind very hard. When Chin Tsien and Margaret walked away from the zoo, through its exit gates, Chin Tsien walked behind Margaret, lifting her skirt up. She saw green slime oozing out of Margaret's ass, going down her legs. "Your ass is full of amphibian sperm," Chin Tsien making fun of Margaret. 





When they got back home, they went to the house's garden. Margaret lied naked on the grassy ground. Her entire upper body was full of bird seed. Chin Tsien was sat down by a beach chair, watching the only other survivign animals swooping down towards Margaret's body. TYhey were picking up seed with their beaks from Margaret's upper body, including her boobs. 

Margaret was moving a bit funnily, like she was being violated multiple times.

Chin Tsien was enjoying her crisps, eating and laughing ane enjoying her show.





SATURDAY&nbsp; NIGHT





Chin Tsien was dining on Margaret's body. Tonight Margaret was what the Japanese would call "Nyotaimori" - human plate. 

Chin Tsien was using chop sticks to pick up sushi and sashimi pieces from Margaret's sexy naked body. 

"Too bad that we didn't do this when everyone else was around. That way, all my friends could enjoy eatying from you," Chin Tsien picking up a sushi lying right on top of Margaret's right nipple. 





After dining from Margaret's body, Margaret was washing up everything but did not put her maid uniform back on yet. 

She came back, carrying a tray of a tea cup and hot tea which she made sure was already slightly cooling off.

Margaret placed them right in front of Chin Tsien, pouring tea onto the tea cup.

"Fifi, I want you to sit on my lap but facing me,2 Chin Tsien commanded. "Yes mistress," Margaret going over to Chin Tsien, sitting down on her lap but facing her rather than the table. Chin Tsien picked up the tea cup, slowly sipping from it. 

And then she looked at Margaret's tasty looking nipples. She gave Margaret a very kinky smile. She then lowered the cup beneath Margaret's left nipple. Margaret wasn't sure what Chin Tsien wanted her to do. 

"Dip your nipple to my cup," Chin Tsien was being gentle. Margaret slowly lowered down her left nipple, touching the tea water. Chin tsien then moved the tea cup away, slowly movign her lips towards Margaret's nipple and then lapping her tongue at it. And kissing it.





Before Margaret knew it, Chin Tsien out her cup down and started licking and kissing and sucking at her left nipple, very lovingly. Margaret enjoyed the taste of saliva on her nipple. Chin Tsien was starting to suck very hard on Margaret's left nipple. Margaret was making sexual moaning noises. Then Chin Tsien stopped. She looked at Margaret, saying in a soft voice, "Come. Let's go to the bedroom." Margaret got up from Chin Tsien, who grabbed her hand and led her to her bedroom.&nbsp; 





Once they were in Chin Tsien's bedroom, Chin Tsien said to her, "I want you to lie down on my bed. Youe whole body this time. Ok Margaret." Margaret was astonished that Chin Tsien was now calling her by her name and being nice to her.

"Yes mistress," Margaret climbing on top of the bed. "Margaret, just call me Chin ok," Chin Tsien smiled.





As soon as Margaret was lying on the bed, Chin Tsien started stripping off her clothes.&nbsp; Chin Tsien then took out the bondage cloths. She then tied each of Margaret's wrists and ankles to a bed post, saying to her, "You are going to enjoy this. Every women does." Maragret was now all tied up in bondage. Spread-eagled. Helpless. And then Chin tsien came up to her. First Chin tsien started sucking and lapping her tongue at Margaret's right nipple, using her fingers to finger Margaret's cunt. Margaret felt that she was about to cum. Chin Tsien took her cummy figners out of Margaret's pussy, moving it towards Margaret's lips. Margaret was sucking it off Chin Tsien's fingers. Margaret enjoyed Chin Tsien sucking her right nipple. 





Chin Tsien then got up, her lips meeting Margaret's. They started kissing. Passionately. From kissing Margaret's lips, she then went down Margaret's nape, kissing and even happily biting at it. Chin Tsien then changed position. She pressed her pussy over Margaret's face whole she went down on Margaret's pussy. They were both performing 69. 





After an hour of position 69, Chin Tsien then got up and untied Margaret's wrists and ankles. Chin Tsien then asked Margaret, "There is something I hope you could do for me.""Anything Chin," Margaret smiled lovingly. Chin Tsien then was squatting over Maragrret's face, saying, "Could you lick my ass." Margaret laughed. "How about you lie face down while I lick your ass," Margaret suggested.





Chin Tsien lied face down on the bed. Margaret's face was pressed down on Chin Tsien's ass, licking and lapping her tongue away inside her asshole. Chin Tsien enjoyed that. 

And then it was Chin Tsien's turn to do the same to Margaret.





After their sexual experience together, they both lied down naked together. Their hands on each other, Hugging. 





SUNDAY MORNING





"You are a free woman," Chin Tsien lying next to Margaret and fondling with her brown hair. "But I am still yuor slave until today?" Margaret smiled. "I don't care. But if you insist, I only have 1 real command for you...my love,2 chin tsien moved her face closer, kissing the French girl on the lips. 

"And what is that?" Margaret asked.

"Don't ever leave me. Promise," Chin Tsien looked at her lovingly.

"Promised,2 Margaret kissing Chin Tsien back.











&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; THE END





















Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Sonya Esperanto


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





