BDSM Library - Parker's Position




Parker's Position
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Parker has stolen the company's funds and must be punished.          







It wasn't a lot of money Parker Fullbright embezzled from the company. It wasn't like he was a crook or something. And after all, his uncle was the CEO. Well, that was the problem actually. You see his uncle was not only CEO, but also gay, and his uncle had wanted Parker's young ass ever since the boy was twelve. He had been fascinated by the kid for years, and if Parker's Uncle Jake had one quality it was persistence. If he had a dream, he stuck to it! Which is was he gave Parker a job in the firm to begin with. And why he tempted Parker with the thought of skimming a bit of money here and there.
Not a lot. Parker was a really decent young man, except for this one incident. And it was for his wedding. For his honeymoon actually. Parker loved Tracy Buchanan and wanted to give her a wonderful honeymoon. Parker was just out of college and had a huge pile of debts to settle. His uncle had helped him through college. He feared he would never be able to get married and pay off the debts. And then there was this opportunity to pilfer some funds from the company without anyone knowing. Except, his uncle and his select group of partners did know. In fact they set it up. And they had proof that Parker was guilty.
Now Parker stood before them in the board room of the firm. He could feel the sweat trickle down from his armpits under his white dress shirt. His expensive suit felt tight and constricting. He had just returned from his honeymoon the night before. It had been a dream come true. Now he was living a nightmare.
"You know you could go to prison for something like twenty years!" His uncle leaned back in his soft brown leather chair. Others in the room included; May Darling, a lesbian bitch friend of Parker's uncle, and one of the heads of the firm, Walter Sousa, a powdery old faggot, and Jason Kline, a handsome up and coming executive.
"I...I don't know what to say, Uncle Jake. I never did anything like this in my whole life before. You know that." Parker shifted from foot to foot in his expensive black shoes.
"Once is enough. You committed a crime. You must pay for it. What will happen to you if I fire you? What will happen if I call the police?"
"Please I am begging you, give me another chance," the handsome black haired twenty-two year old begged. "It was for my wedding. For my honeymoon. You know how I struggled all these years and..."
"Shut the Fuck Up! Does that give you an excuse to embezzle the firm's money? We should lose money so you can fuck your new bride in luxury? I warned you not to get married. I told you you could not afford it yet. But you just had to get your dick into that bitch, didn't you?" Jake was jealous as hell that someone else had gotten Parker's prick!
Parker started to cry. "Oh God...." he moaned. "Please, please don't turn me over to the police. I'm a good person. You know I'm a good person. I just love Tracy so much, I lost my head."
May piped up. "And now you'll lose your job and end up in the gutter.
"Where you probably belong," laughed Jason Kline, looking smug. Walter just sat there with a grin on his face, looking like he could eat Parker, which in at least one respect was true.
"I'll call the police, now..." Jake said. He was a strong controlling man. You didn't fuck with him.
Parker fell to his knees. "Oh God, isn't there another way. I'll put the money back. I'll work until it's all paid back. Give me a break. Please!!!!"
Jake's hand hovered over his cellphone.
"I can only think of one way. If you allow us to punish you for your crime. You will pay the money back, yes, but you will also have to be punished. Here sign this." He slid a paper across the dark mahogany table. "It's a full confession."
Parker gulped. He was so nervous, so scared, he didn't even read the paper properly. He signed it and stood there, his fingers intertwined, a worried look on his face. "I'll be the best damned employee you ever had. I'll prove myself, you'll see. You'll all have confidence in me again."
"That will be a bit difficult since you will be starting out cleaning the toilets."
"What?" Parker blinked.
Jake roared with laughter. "You just signed a paper stating that you embezzled ten times the amount you actually did. You confessed to taking millions. We have all the paper work to prove it. You could be put away for a really long time."
"But why?"
"To ensure your co-operation with our punishment program. For the next year, we will punish you. If you comply with our demands, at the end of the year, we will tear up the contract and re-instate you in the firm as a proper executive. I trust you, and you betrayed me, and you will have to pay for it. Now First, I want to know how my money was spent o n your honeymoon. May is hooking you up to a lie detector. We are going to ask you some questions, and you'd better not lie to us. Just one lie, and I will phone the police, and all deals are off. Do you understand, ASSwipe?
Parker had never been called anything like that in his whole life. He couldn't understand what was happening to him. The lie detector was attached, and they asked him some preliminary questions to get certain levels or something. Then the interrogation started.
"Question one. How many times did you fuck your new bride during your honeymoon?"
" Did I...What does this have to do with...?"
"Just answer the fucking question."
"I really don't...I don't know."
"Well start thinking and answer the question. You were gone for ten days. How often did you fuck the bitch?"
"Why are you doing this to me?"
"Answer the question or I phone the police. I am not fooling around any longer."
"Okay, okay. I..we made love, ah..Thirty-one times. I think. It's the best I can remember."
"You fucked that cunt thirty-one times in ten days?"
Parker was crying again. " I love her."
Jake made a face. "YOU LOVE HER..." he said mockingly. "Take down your trousers and underpants. I want to see that dick!"
"What are you talking about? You want me to..."
"I am not wasting any more fucking time with you, Shithead. Either you follow orders, of I am putting and end to this meeting and calling the cops."
With trembling fingers Parker unbuckled his belt and undid the buttons on his expensive suit pants. they puddled at his feet. His underpants followed. He stood There with only his shirt tail covering his hefty cock and full round balls.
"Lift that fucking shirt. I want to see what's been fucking your new bride until she can't walk."
Poor Parker had never been so humiliated in his whole life. He raised his shirt front. His flaccid dick was not long but showed lots of wrinkles for erection potential, and it was quite thick. Jake had waited a long time to see his nephew's dick. Parker was a very handsome young man, and his cock was quite beautiful as well.
"Jason, go over to Parker and see if his dick is chaffed from all that fucking."
"Oh, let me do it," squeeled Walter."
"Shut up you old pansy. You'll get your turn."
Jason strode over, a shit eating grin on his cute face. He squatted down in front of Parker.
"Yeah the dickhead looks just a bit red. I'd say he's been fucking quite a lot. There is some tenderness around the edge of the dickhead."
"Did the bitch suck your cock?"
"Uncle Jake,....yes, Yes, she sucked my cock, but she isn't crazy about doing it."
"Did she swallow your spunk?" Jason asked, taking Parker's limp prick in his hand and feeling it.
Parker who was one hundred percent straight, knew that his uncle and his friends were gay, but it had never been an issue before today.
"No. No, she didn't swallow anything. She only did it a little."
"She only sucked you a little. Did she lick your balls?"
"A little. Only a little. Please, Uncle."
Jason lifted Parkers ample scrotum. It spilled over Jason's hand. "Jesus, look at this Jake. This boy has been fucking non-stop for ten days, and his fuck sack is still full. This is a really nice looking ballsack. And the nuts feel nice and large."
"Did you fuck her this morning before you came to work?"
Parker heaved a sigh. He hated Jason rolling his balls in his hands. "Yes."
"That is going to stop. You will only fuck with our permission from now on."
"But Tracy? What will I tell Tracy?"
"I don't give a fuck. Tell her the truth. Tell her your ass belongs to us for one year. If you are a good boy and do what we say, we will let you fuck her."
"How will we control and monitor his fucking?" May asked, a frown on her face.
"Simple. We will put him in a chastity device, and I will hold the key."
Parker looked frantic. "You have got to be kidding."
"Oh no, young man, we are serious. Deadly serious. Did you suck her cunt?"
Jason was playing with Parker's prick which was starting to thicken.
"I had oral sex with her, yes."
"Tell me you sucked her cunt!"
"ALL RIGHT. I SUCKED HER CUNT!"
"Don't take that tone of voice with me, Parker. You be respectful."
" I think he's starting to get hard." Jason said, manipulating Parker's cock.
"Oh let me see, let me see..." Walter shouted running around from behind the desk to see better.
'Yeah, this is a nice hunk of fuckmeat all right. I'll bet the bitch really felt it."
"Parker, did you fuck your new bride in the asshole?"
"No! She wouldn't get into something like that."
"Sounds like a really boring honeymoon, so far. Tell me, did you piss on her?"
"You are sick and perverted!"
Jake smiled. "It's taken you all this time to figure that out? Remember when I used to take you swimming when you were fourteen, and I would rub your little ass? I was dreaming way back then of fucking that tight little ass. And now, after all these years, I finally get to do it."
Parker frowned and tried to clear the tears of humiliation from his eyes. "You what?"
"I am going to fuck you in the ass Parker. And you are going to suck cock. And I am going to piss on you. For the next year, you are going to be the company sex slave. You are so fucking cute, Parker, we all decided to make you into our sex toy. But look at it this way. With your good looks, you wouldn't last an hour without dick up your ass in prison. And we'll be a lot nicer to you."
"Well, not a whole lot nicer." Jason laughed, masturbating Parker's growing dick.
"How large is your fuckmeat when erect, Parker?"
"I don't know."
"Nonsense, all young men know. They pretend they don't, but there isn't a young dude on God's earth who doesn't measure his cock."
"It's...oh God, this is horrible. It's about eight inches."
"Impressive. Get it up for us, Jason. Have you ever been fucked in the ass, Parker?"
"Of course not. I am not gay. You know that Uncle Jake."
"Well, I thought perhaps in eighth grade, or in high school. You know, boys will be boys. Never sucked any dick?"
"NEVER!'
"Oh, well, this will be your first time then. I'll be getting virgin lips around my dick. That will be nice. Jason will be the first one to fuck you. We want it to be a special experience, and Jason has almost ten inches. We are all impressed with Jason's dick. Especially Walter here. Walter practically worships it. Isn't that right, Walter?"
"A ten inch dick. Who wouldn't worship it? I could suck on it forever, except when it's up my ass." Walter beamed and laughed. "Oh my, look at the hefty fucker and balls on this young man. I do believe he's thicker than you, Jason. It feels so grand to get your cunt stretched by a nice thick dick. I'll be that had your bride going nuts."
"Ta Da!" Jason shouted taking his pumping hand off of Parker's now fully erect penis. It was an impressive cock indeed.
"While you work here in the office for us, you will maintain a full erection at all times. If you dick goes down, you will be punished. You will maintain a full erection without cumming. You will never cum without permission. You will not piss or shit without permission. You will work totally naked, except when you clean all the washrooms in the building. You will clean the washrooms with your tongue. You will lick the tile floors, you will lick the urinals and you will lick the toilets. And they better be spotless. At night you will earn extra money by licking the toilets clean in five or six gay bars we know of. There you will work totally naked, and maintain your erection without shooting your jiz as well. To help pay back your debt to us. You will suck cock at the local porno book store from Midnight until four in the morning. You will also be fucked in the ass. From time to time, you will perform at special parties. There, things will get a bit nastier. But mostly you will serve us! You will be punished every day. You will drink our piss and eat our sperm. You will learn to eat out our assholes. And you had better do an excellent job every single time. We will spit in your mouth, and use your mouth as an ashtray. We will blow our noses in your mouth and make you swallow our snot! ONE YEAR."
Parker was crying pretty hard now. Jason was playing with his dick and balls, while Walter was fingering the young man's asshole.
"I'll bet he's got nice big nipples. I can't wait to suck on them." Walter chuckled.
"You'll see his nipples soon enough. He will be totally naked in just a bit. We will pull him around the room by strings attached to his nipples. We'll get him tattooed and pierced. But there is something precious about this moment. Seeing him standing there half-undressed, in his business suit. Such potential gone to waste. Knowing that he just fucked his wife non-stop for ten days on his honeymoon, and now all of that will change. He just got his first taste of her pussy, and now we control it! And even better. we control that big fat beautiful dick. Before we strip him, we need to give him his first corporate spanking. May here has a paddle all ready, and she will do the first honors. I want that ass not only red, but black with blisters. I want him screaming until he passes out. And we will have him stand, bent over the desk, so you can whack his big balls now and then too. He will be ass whacked first thing every morning. Jason, I imagine you will want to use a thick leather belt.
Walter sniffled. "I'll be glad to lick the dear boy's wounded ass after, to ease his pain. I'd love to lick that ass crack and what lies within."
"How are you going to explain a bloody black and blue ass to your new bride, Parker? You better do some deep thinking. How are you going to explain balls that are so swollen and sore, she won't be able to touch them? How are you going to explain big puffy, extended sow nipples? How are you going to explain an asshole turned inside out from being fucked, and a mouth with lips swollen from sucking so much dick? I have a hunch, this marriage is not going to be a happy one!" Uncle Jake laughed until he cried. Parker just cried.



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  dale10


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





