BDSM Library - My New Pet




My New Pet
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: shannon's night of fun turns to terror when she pisses the wrong guy off         








&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; My New Pet

if you would like to know more about me you can email me at

steve2334@hotmail.com

i'm from australia

















3 days had past since i had dragged shannons helpless body down into my celler. Her body hung from the beam and her arms and legs had been pulled as far apart as i could get them. Shannon could not hear see or speak. I had placed earplugs in her ears behind the latex hood which kept her in darkness.The hood was designed to fit tightly over her head and nose but not the mouth.Straps fitted tightly under her chin and pulled to the back of her neck and locked shut. A soft 2 inch ballgag kept her screaming crys soft and low. I could only imagine how shannon felt 3 days bound and gagged and suspended in midair not knowing who did this and why. She shit and pissed in the same spot and the only time the ballgag came out was when a piece of bread and a glass of water was given to her.



I first saw shannon down at the local pub late on a friday night. i made a pass at her and was delivered a laugh and a slap in the face.Now i dont mind when a ladie says no but when she goes back to her friends and points her finger at me and they all laugh well that just pissed me off.Normally i woud just swear and walk away but this girl was so hot. The bitch would have been about 18 yrs old,5"4 tall with long blonde hair.hazel eyes small but firm breast and a butt to die for.



I had taken shannon that night while she slept. easy access was gain by the laundry window. I walked down the small hallway and into her bedroom. I placed my bag of goodies next to her as gently as i could.Shannon was on her back with one hand on the pillow next to her head and the other arm was at her side.I smiled as i watched my new pet sleep. As fare as she was concerned her world was full of joy.She had a great job,her parents never questioned when she went out with her friends and always had money.But what shannon did not know was in a few minutes her world would be mine.



I pulled a soft 2 inch rubber ballgag from my back pocket.With one motion i had pulled Shannons arms to her side and sat on her chest.I wrapped my legs around her legs and held them together as hard as i could.While at the same time i forced the ballgag into her mouth mmmppphhfff .Shannon did not have time to react as i worked the ballgag in.The ballgag was a little too big for her mouth as i worked with speed. When i heard a popping sound i new the gag was&nbsp; in.



Shannons eyes flew open shocked at first, then when she realised what was going on she turn into a wild bull.nnnoommmppphhhfff hheellpphhff mmmpphhff. I pressed my legs as hard as i could while pulling her hair .My other hand came crashing down hard onto her mouth.Shannon kicked and tryed to scream but only soft crys could be heard.Her eyes full of fear and her nostrils flared.I told Shannon not to make&nbsp; any more sound or try to escape and that if she did i would walk into her parents room and shoot them.Not that i would but it seemed to calm her down a little.I then grabbed the ballgag leather straps and pulled hard&nbsp; before locking it shut . this seemed to pull the ballgag further into her mouth.I watched as Shannon tryed to push the gag out but she could not open her mouth anymore.I placed the key in my pocket.I then added a leather blindfold over her eyes and again locking it shut and placed the key in my pocket.I warned her again before flipping her over and pulling her arms behind her back while pulling her elbows together with 1 inch cable ties.Shannon moaned in pain as her elbows touched.I did the same with her wrists.



Shannon moved her arms trying to snap the ties but i new that she was wasting her time the cable ties are police issued and are strong enough to hold a man twice the size of her.As i moved down to bind her legs i noticed shannon only had a shirt and panties on.Her legs were so soft and smooth and her panties in her struggles had moved up the crack of her small firm ass.i played with her ass then gave her a couple of hard smacks before jumping off her.Shannon tryed as best as she could to break free to spit the gag out .The cable ties dug into her skin while drool ran over her ballgag and down her chin and onto the bed. Her nostrils flared as snot ran&nbsp; out of her nose over her lips and onto the ballgag. Shannon was clearly in destress and feared for her life.I new she would behave.I flipped her over my shoulder and took her home.



The time was 6.35am as i sat in my cellar drinking my coffee and watching as shannon grew weaker by the minute.I didnt want her to die just to break her spirits to show her that she no longer has control of her life.Shannon still didnt know who i was and why she had been abducted.All she new was that she was cold and her body was in so much pain from being hung for god only knows.i released Shannon from the chains but kept her hood and gag in and alltho she was untied i knew that her body would be to sore and weak to even attempt to fight.I carried her up to the bathroom then took my time washing shannon while my hands explored her perfect body.



I had decided that now was the time to tell shannon who i was and about her new life.I lifted her limb body out of the bath and sat her on the toilet.I removed her hood and ear plugs but decided for the moment to leave her gag in.Shannon slowly opened her eyes and waited for her eyes to adjust to the light.it was only a few minutes before Shannon realised who i was.The look of fear in her eyes could clearly be seen as tears began to form and run down the sides of her face.I moved back and sat on the floor against the wall and admired my new pet.I watched as shannon tryed to free her mouth from the ballgag only to realise that a key was needed.Still crying and looking very scared shannon turned her head towards me and pleaded for me to remove the gag.



"Before i romove the gag you need to know a few things". I smiled as i moved towards Shannon.Grabbing her hair hard until her eyes glued to mine. You my darling are a tease and a bitch.All you had to do was sit with me and have a drink maybe a dance but no you had to be a smart ass.You love to tease dont you.You dress like a slut and flirt then tell them to piss off.Well you pissed off the wrong person so now you are hear for one reason and that is to serve me as my bondage slut.You will never be free from bondage. You will learn to love pain as much as pleasure.I'm going to fuck everyone one of your holes and you my dear can do nothing about it.Now ill take that gag out and you are going to stand in front of the mirror and apply makeup just like you will do every fucking morning after i shower you now move it".



Shannon was in tears as i pushed her towards the mirror.I smacked her ass then walked out .I new Shannon could not escape as i had removed the window and lockied the door.I poured myself a drink and had a smoke. Then went back down to the cellar and grabbed some rope a ring gag and a armbinder.I was like a little kid who had been given his first bike for christmas as i ran up the stair and opened the bathroom door.Shannon was sitting on the toilet seat and looking more beautiful then before.



" No no no please dont tie me up.i'll do what ever you want pleeeease nnnooo". begged shannon.



"I fucking told you not to speak unless spoken too you stupid slut."



I slapped her hard across the face sending her crashing to the ground.i sat on her back forcing her arms into the armbinder. Shannon kicked and screamed as i pulled the zipper all the way to the top.



" Please no&nbsp; im sorry aaahhh your hurting me.fuck aaahhh this is kidnapping. You'll go to jail .Fuck let me go.Ok ok i'll play your game what ever you want ok but dont gaaammmmppphhh".



I forced the ringgag in and behind her teeth making shaw the leather strap was tight .I was so pissed off i grabbed shannon by the hair and dragged her in to the loungroom and sat her on her knees facing&nbsp; the sofa.I too kneeled behind her and held her head back on my shoulder while my other hand explored her tender flesh.Her breasts were small but firm as i started twisting her nipples.As Shannon yelped a pool of drool ran off her chin and landed on her belly and continued down to her pussy.i sucked on her ear while my hand move down to her cunt.I began teasing her clit.Shannon closed her thighs and cryed out for me to stop.I started slapping her thighs hard until they were wider then before. Then I grabbed a piece of rope and tied her left ankle to her thigh.I did the same to her right ankle.I stood back and admired my new pet but i still was not happy with her position so i added more rope to her knees and tied them to the legs of the sofa forcing her to keep her thighs wide apart and her pussy exposed.Now happy i grabbed a beer and sat on the sofa in front of shannon.god the beer tasted good but the view was even better I was getting so horny as i watched Shannon struggle to free herself.



Shannon was in a world of her own as she tossed her head from side to side while trying to push the ringgag out with her tongue.This just caused her to drool even more I removed my jeans&nbsp; and began to stroke my cock while i sipped my beer.Shannon was really trying her best to free herself as sweat began to form on her face and under her arms.But no matter how tired she was she continued her struggle.Her small toes wiggled while trying to force her legs to close.She bent her back while moving her hips which gave me a full view of her open pussy.I had had enough of the show and wanted some action.



I moved forward grabbing both of her nipples and pulled.Shannon had the look of fear as she cryed and tryed with all her might to resist but the pain was to much. Tears poured out of her now wide eyes. Shaking her head as her ringgaged mouth came closer and closer to my throbbing cock.I released her nipples and pushed her face onto my cock while i bent forward and whacked her bare ass until it was bright red.With one hand on my cock and the other holding her by the hair i slowly entered her mouth and began to face fuck her.The whole time shannon screamed,gagged and drooled while pleading with her teary eyes.I could not take it anymore and stood up and continued face fucking her. Slamming my cock deeper and harder oh god im going to come as i pull my head back with joy.Shannon new this and tryed to pull her head away.While trying to close her ring gagged mouth. i released her head and grabbed her by the ears and pushed her head back and shot my load into her mouth and down her throat.



I had finally found my new pet and their was no way in hell i was going to let her go.I watch as shannon dropped her head in defeat drool and cum running out of her ringgag mouth.I jumped up off the sofa and headed towards the kitchen.shannon eyed my every move as i opened a draw and removed a roll of duct tape and a rag.I sat behind my pet and removed the ringgag.I new the bitch would try and scream and i was ready as i shoved the rag into her mouth and finished by wrapping the tape first between her lips then around the back of her head and over her mouth several times.I gave her a kiss and walked away thinking of her next position.



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  steve fitz


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





