BDSM Library - Breeder Group




Breeder Group
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A Black Man takes any woman he wants.






Breeder Group

Breeder Group was a secret. It was begun years ago by a group of five professional men with a vision. Their philosophy was to spread their superior seed among as many females as possible. They were 21st century Adams, traveling the world impregnating Eves. They hoped to create male offspring to dominate the world. The group tracked their male offspring. Those that showed early promise were nurtured. Those who did not were rendered ineffective.

Females spawned from these unions were tracked also but only as stock for breeding. Breeder Group felt females should bear children. That was their sole purpose, save one. Breeder Group also enjoyed the stock they impregnated. It was a natural thing to these men. Superior men enjoy the company and submission of females.

However, Breeder Group was a secret that could not be kept forever. Other breeder groups emerged and spread like wildfire over the net. Ordinary, commonplace men, were calling themselves superior. Fat men strutting about like roosters, stupid men puffing out their chests, weak men holding their heads up high with pride. All because they could impregnate a female. Breeder Group considered it a tragedy. These breeder groups simply exploited carnal pleasures. They had no philosophy, no rules, no guidelines, and no vision. Not like Breeder Group. Breeder Group watched over their stock and their offspring. They provided money, scholarships, and jobs for stock and offspring. And for truly superior male offspring there was induction into Breeder Group.

Decision

Something had to be done about the other breeder groups. They had caused unwanted attention to be brought upon Breeder Group. So the five original members were called together to make a decision. They met in a small conference room.

The chairman said, "We have a quorum. I call this meeting to order". He proceeded, "We all know what the question is; we've discussed it numerous times, so I will eliminate the formalities. All in favor of terminating all other breeder groups say 'aye', all opposed 'nay'."

Four voices chorused "aye", then the chairman added his. "It is unanimous," he said, "I shall dispatch Knowles."

Breeder

The Pit was Johnson's favorite bar and restaurant. He sat on the couch with a bevy of young females next to him. His cronies were standing nearby with other young females. All were drinking and eating and laughing. This was Johnson's entourage, his posse, his dog pack. They attended to his needs and desires. He considered them and himself superior men. They were bigger, taller, and more aggressive than other males. That made them superior. And that superiority afforded them the right to breed. Johnson impregnated females with no thought to the consequences. If they became pregnant, so what. He had served this world by populating it with his offspring, superior offspring. He never worried about the consequences of the birth of his offspring. That was the female's responsibility.

Johnson had, over the years, placed his money and assets in overseas trusts, secret partnerships, and dummy corporations. His accountants were stealthy in hiding his wealth, his attorneys ferocious in defense of it. Armed men made visits to females who dared hint about support. These same men protected him from males who sought revenge against him. Johnson and his dogs had bred with many bitches. Often without their consent. Yet his dogs and his A Team had always protected him. His program for breeding was foolproof.

Johnson picked out a female. She was sitting at the bar. She was white, blonde and young. He guessed she was in her early twenties, about 5' 5", 125 pounds. Her hair was swept into a ponytail. She wore a plain black dress that came down to her shapely thighs. Her breasts were small. Each just a handful. Perfect for tonight's needs. She kept flipping her phone open. Then she would look over at him. She was waiting for a phone call. And, she also wanted him. Johnson always found that to be the case with females.

His presence, his celebrity, and his stature transfixed females. He was 6'3', 225 pounds of Black muscle. His shaved head made him an imposing figure of a man. His team had recently won a championship. He wore the evidence on his right ring finger. Johnson was the alpha dog in his pack, so he had one of his dogs go to the bar and invite the female to join him. Of course the bitch accepted.

As the female approached Johnson saw she had blue eyes and light brown freckles across the bridge of her nose. Johnson stood up from the couch and held out his hand in greeting. She smiled. He took her hand in both of his, and smiled back. He instantly noticed the gold band on her left ring finger. His smile widened. There was nothing sweeter than impregnating a married female.

Her name was Jenna, and she was waiting on her husband. He was supposed to join her for dancing and then a late dinner. He was a resident at the local hospital and often had to break dinner dates. Johnson stepped aside and motioned for her to sit. She did. As Johnson sat, Jenna's phone rang. It was her husband. He had to break their date. He hoped she understood. She told him she did and that she loved him and then closed her phone. Jackson heard only half the conversation, but understood.

"Sit with us Jenna, no need for you to be alone tonight," said Johnson. Jenna nodded and whispered, "I don't really want to be alone tonight." Jackson smiled at that, he knew he would have her tonight, all night.

Breeding

Johnson's personal limo driver drove them to Jenna's place. The driver had standing orders to wait for him until he finished his business. Jenna hurriedly walked to the elevator with Jackson. "I don't want any of my neighbors to know what I'm doing," she insisted. Jackson soothed her conscience, "It's ok baby, I understand."

Jenna and her husband lived on the third floor of the building. The apartment itself was a one bedroom. A small kitchen, and living room. The bathroom was in the bedroom. Jackson, towered over everything in the apartment, he towered over Jenna too.

"Come to me," he commanded. She smiled at him and walked over. He smiled down at her, not so much because of her beauty, but because of what he was about to do to her. He had thought out the scenario he wanted his next conquest to be like. Rough. Hard. Brutal. Jenna was lucky/unlucky enough to be his next conquest. "Undress bitch," Johnson growled.

Jenna stood there in his shadow for a moment then shed her clothing. Her pumps were first, next her dress and then the bra and half-slip. Finally she took off her bikini panties. She stood in front of Jackson, in splendid nakedness. He smiled. She was the obedient type; she had no resistance within her. She trembled as she looked up at him.

Jenna knew she'd let him do anything to her. She anticipated what he wanted her to do. It was always what men wanted first. So, she bent down on her knees and began to open Jackson's fly. He let out a small laugh and said, "You can do that later, I will have you now".

Johnson kicked off his shoes and socks, pulled off his shirt, and undid his belt. Jenna saw that he intended to waste no time and helped take off his pants. She then pulled down his boxers. He stood there, in front of her. Naked. She gaped at his dark meat. It was fully erect and throbbing. She had seen large men before but not like this. She was surprised at Johnson's length and girth. His cock was literally the size of her forearm. Johnson was indeed a superior man.

Johnson bent down and kissed Jenna tenderly on the mouth. She responded eagerly to his kiss and grabbed the back of his neck with both her hands. Then, without warning Johnson picked Jenna up and kissed her harder.

Johnson thought to himself, "Rough, hard and brutal, that's what I'm giving out tonight, rough, hard and brutal".

Jenna wrapped her legs around his waist. He then artfully placed the inside of his elbows underneath her legs so that her ass was directly above his cock

Jenna dripped with moisture. She was eye to eye with Johnson with her hands wrapped around his bulging neck. She was totally within his power. She couldn't move or get away if she had wanted to, and she didn't want to. She hoped that he would be gentle with her. She hoped that he would go slowly with her. She knew his erect black cock was more like a muscled arm. But she would satisfy him. She was a pleaser. She tightened her grip on Johnson so she could pull herself closer to his ear.

When she was close enough she kissed his lobe and said, "Please be gentle with me Johnson, please be gentle with me".

Johnson smiled and lied; "Yes baby I'll be gentle with you. I promise."

Johnson pulled Jenna downward and arched his loins forward so that there would be two competing forces and the inevitable crash in the middle. In other words, he jammed his stiff black power into Jenna's damp vulnerability. His black power traveled through Jenna's loins like a hot knife through butter. She was warm and wet and soft inside.

Johnson's first few strokes inside Jenna were slow and exploratory. He always liked to toy with a woman before getting down to serious business. But now it was time to fuck. Johnson jammed Jenna's pussy onto his power and felt himself traveling upward to her womb. He did that several times and then it happened. Just as Johnson had assumed. He hit Jenna's wall.

Johnson was elated. He had hit Jenna's wall. He always hit the wall with small women. He understood the phenomenon like this; his cock was so long and so powerful that he would often hit the back of a woman's vagina. And no matter how hard he stroked, no matter how hard he rammed, his cock could go no further. He called it hitting the wall, and that meant the woman he was fucking had no more pussy left. So Johnson did what he always did when he hit the wall. He tried to break that muthafuckin wall down.

Jenna screamed a scream she had never screamed before. It was so raw and primal that it hurt her throat.

She threw the palms of her hands into Johnson's chest in an effort to break free. But, Johnson held her firm.

She tried to straighten her legs and drop to the floor. But, Johnson held her firm.

She dug her fingernails into his chest to break his grip. But, Johnson held her firm.

Johnson rammed his black power into Jenna again. And he thought to himself.

I'm gonna break that muthafuckin wall down. He rammed again.

I'm gonna break that muthafuckin wall down. Again, he rammed.

I'm gonna break that muthafuckin wall down.

With each assault he could feel Jenna's reaction. Each time he rammed her, her body would shudder, her eyes roll in her head, and her mouth gape open as she screamed.

And each time she screamed, he would jam his manhood into her softness even harder than before.

What did Jenna scream?

The words all women scream when they don't want to play anymore. Words like:

"Please." "Stop."

"No." "Don't."

"Let me go." "I'm Sorry."

But Johnson couldn't hear these words.

Jenna had no strength left. No power left. No voice left. She just held on. She felt no pain, just numbness. Her mind was blurred. She was only conscious of being hoisted up and then jammed back down on a spike.

She thought to herself, "I'm not a virgin, I've fucked many a man, many a black man, and this has never happened. I've totally lost control." Then Jenna gave up. Her body went limp. Her mind went blank. She was semi-conscious. Yet, Jenna was aware of a sound. Sounds. The sounds of "fluump, fluump, fluump." The sounds of her being lifted up and jammed back down. The sounds of her being fucked without mercy. The sounds of Johnson trying to break down that muthafuckin wall.

Dissolution

When Johnson awoke he was in bed. But not Jenna's bed. When Johnson awoke he was in a room. But not Jenna's room. The bed was white, the room was white and he was dressed in a white smock. However, he was strapped down.

"Hey, hey, what hell is this," he yelled. There were people outside the room. The door began to open and the lights went out. Johnson heard footsteps approach his bed. Then he heard the scrapping of a chair against the floor. And then someone sat down.

"Hello Mr. Johnson, how are you," a male voice asked.

"What the fuck is this, let me up, who the fuck are you," yelled Johnson.

"You are in a private hospital, I shall not let you up, and I am Mr. Knowles," said the voice.

Johnson considered this a moment before he spoke again. He understood that he must calm himself down, since he was strapped to the bed, and at a huge disadvantage.

"Why are you here Mr. Knowles?"

"I am here to dissolve your group," answered Knowles.

Johnson's tempered flared again as he said, "What group, what the fuck you talking about?"

"Your breeder group, I am here to dissolve it," said Knowles.

"How are you going to that, cause I ain't dissolving a damn thing," frowned Johnson.

"Well Mr. Johnson my plan is simple. I am going to render you ineffective, broadcast that fact throughout the net and watch your breeder group and many others dissolve," explained Knowles.

Johnson uttered a confused, "What?"

Then Knowles said,"Let me explain in detail Mr. Johnson. You are here in this room, restrained in this bed. You are totally under my power.

I am going to have you castrated.

The doctors outside that door will operate on you so that you are sterile and impotent. I will then pass that information along to the many breeder groups on the net. Along with the threat that someone is searching for other breeder group members to sterilize and render impotent. With that I calculate that many breeder groups will disband and dissolve. Most of my job will be accomplished without much fuss".

"Why would you do this?" Johnson screamed, spittle forming around his lips.

Then Knowles explained, "Because your type of breeder group is a corruption. You exploit females for your personal pleasure. You cause pain and suffering to them and your offspring. You offer no relief to your females or any relief to your offspring. So now, I will end all that".

Johnson asked, "Where's Jenna?"

"Jenna can't help you," said Knowles.

"Was she for real?"

"No," answered Knowles. "Jenna was my confederate."

"Everything she told me was a lie then,"

"Yes. I needed to separate you from your crew," replied Knowles.

"Let me up bitch," growled Johnson as he struggled to break free of the restraints.

"It's time for me to go Mr. Johnson, I regret that we had to meet under these circumstances," said Knowles. "Your performance in the championship game was stellar."

And with that Mr. Knowles stood up in the dark, pushed his chair back and headed for the door. Behind him he heard Johnson still struggling against the restraints on the bed. Johnson bucked so hard the bed was lifted upward and came down with a jar. Yet, the restraints did not give way. As Knowles opened the door Johnson started to scream.

What did Johnson scream?

The words all men scream when they don't want to play anymore.

Words like:

"Please." "Stop."

"No." "Don't."

"Let me go." "I'm Sorry."

But Knowles couldn't hear these words.



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  CalifBlack


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





