BDSM Library - Roger and Lori




Roger and Lori
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Roger is married. Lori is a friends daughter. She comes over, needing love. He eats her and then fucks her. 






Roger is looking over his computer, trying to determine what is going on in the company that he is auditing the books. He is doing just fine, as he has done this company in the past. Roger hears a car in the drive, and sees that it is only one thirty. He knows his wife should not be home for hours from work. He quickly saves what he is doing, and hears the doorbell ring as he clears the monitor. He does not want anyone to see the information that he is working with.
He goes to the front door, and finds his friend daughter at the door. They greet each other, and Lori asks for a favor. Roger sees that her kid is not in tow, and wonders what is up. Lori explains that her mother has Sue, and she does not have to get her until five. 
Roger sees that something is up, and he asks her directly. Lori explains that her boyfriend is losing interest in her, and see needs some satisfaction. Roger looks at her, and wonders what she means. Lori is quick to explain that her man is not pleasing her the way her body needs. Roger looks her over, knowing that he has often thought about fucking her good. 
Lori goes into details, as her man seems to be wandering when they are in bed. He does not seem to be there, although he still goes through the moves. Roger gets the picture, and is also getting horny. He goes and gives her a hug. She responds very passionately, rubbing her chest on his. He squeezes her ass, and she moans.
Roger plays more with her ass, and he can tell that she is getting hot. He decides to take advantage of the situation, and moves a hand to her stomach. She moans more, and he inches the hand down the front of her pants. She in turn squeezes his body a bit, and is hand finds her full bush. He wastes little time, and soon finds a damp pussy. He works a finger around, and strokes the lips. She purrs, and soon he is finger fucking the young adult. She explodes in his hand, but he does not stop. She tries to get away, but soon her body shakes in a massive orgasm. He removes his hand and licks the fingers, tasty.
Roger holds her up, and it takes her a bit to come back to reality. Roger knows his cock is getting hard, and he wants her to return the favor. She looks at him, and asks what she can do. He moves her hand to his pants, and she knows what he is after. She gets on her knees, and unzips the pants. On moving the underwear, she sees a large cock. She smiles before licking it. It is larger than her boyfriend is, and this makes her happy. Soon she is sucking it, and this is making Roger happy.
Roger takes this opportunity to remove Lori&#8217;s top, and discover a pink bra holding her massive tits. He quickly removes the bra, knowing that it is a 34-DDD, as he has bought her a few in the past. He sees her tits for the first time, and sees that her nipples are as plentiful as the tits themselves.&nbsp; He takes his time working the nipples, getting them as hard as his cock. 
Soon he is tit fucking her, and she just loves the action. This last a short time, and then he asks if he can eat her. She looks at him and just smile. He leads her to his office, as this will get them away from the front of the house. He does not want anyone knowing what is going on. He then moves her pants, and sits her on top of the desk. He sees that her hairs are a very dark brown, not as the hair on her head. He does not take long for his tongue to find her pussy lips, and the touch drives her nuts. 
He makes sure that he finds every crevice of the pussy, and plays with her tits. Lori is going over the edge, and does not know what to expect next. When Lori is over the edge, and does not know if she is cumming harder than she has in a bit, Roger stops his eating. Lori is happy, as she can come back to Earth. 
Roger does not stop, only change position. His cock gets in position, and puts the pussy. Lori realizes what is happening, but does not care. The cock finds the hole, and he thrusts the cock all the way in. Lori is not sure what to expect, as she thinks this is the widest cock to penetrate her pussy. The cock feels tight inside her, and probably up to her ovaries. She cums hard with the first thrust, and quickly looses track of what is going on. 
Roger feels the tightness of the pussy, and enjoys what is happening. He pumps her for a good ten minutes before depositing his load of sperm deep in her womb. He licks he nipples, and realizes that she is off in la-la land. When he cums, he lets his cock get soft before withdrawing. 
He sees that she is only semi conscious. He looks around the room, and find his camera. He takes some pictures, as he likes to keep them for his records. He knows his wife does not know about this obsession. 
Lori comes to a short time later, and he helps her to dry off with a towel that he brought into the office. She then gets dressed, and Roger asks what the session did for her. She gives him a kiss, and tells him that he is wonderful. She looks at the clock, and tells him that she needs to get moving. Roger asks if she will want more of what she just got. She gives him a kiss, and squeezes his cock. She tells him that she will be back for another session.&nbsp; She then leaves with a big smile on her face.
Roger goes back to the desk, and checks his messages. He returns a call from his wife and finds that she wants to do something different tonight, as she wants to get away tonight. Roger says that they can go to the park after dinner, and maybe have some fun.&nbsp; His wife says that sounds good, and hangs up. Roger locks the house up, and takes a shower so that he does not smell like sex.



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Terrible Tomas


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





