BDSM Library - A Slave's Life




A Slave's Life
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Master Zanity is well know in his town as the hot spot to be. You are only the luckyest to be invited to one of his dinner parties. Not only is the food good but the show is great. That is unless you are the entertainers.






A Slave's Life



PART I



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;My arms hurt after having my hands tied behind my back for the long car ride. The driver never said a word to me. I tried to talk to him, but he only closed the divider between the back and the front of the limo. I longed to have my hands untied and maybe I could enjoy the ride in the limo. To get my mind off my arms I looked out of the darkly tinted windows. The car was driving through a neighborhood filled with huge homes. Three stories seemed to be the average. "Wow, someone must be doing well. Then again, they would have to have a lot of play money to buy a slave." I said to myself. I have never seen such big houses in my life, except on television. The driver slowed down. He pulled up to a house with a gate. The huge iron gate started to open as he pulled through. I turned in my seat to watch the gate close and an eire feeling came over me. As the gate closed I felt as if the life I knew was no more. I couldn't take that feeling anymore so I turned around to see this three story mansion in front of me. It was white and had huge windows all over it. The driveway lead right under a carport. The limo never stopped at the front door.&nbsp; The front door was a double french style door with frosted glass in them. A fancy chandeleir hung from the covering of the carport. The limo continued to follow the driveway to the back of this amazing home. I watched as the car pulled into one of the five garages on the back side of the house. I heard the car turn off and the driver door open and close. I waited for a while to see what would happen. It was dark enough in the garage so that the dark tinted glass would not allow me to see anything that was going on. I was left in the car for what seemed to be five minutes. Two huge guys helped me out of the car. The garage had a wall that separated it from the other garages. This room seemed to be under the main floor of the mansion. My hands where untied and I was allowed to rub them to get feeling back to them. After a few seconds I was told to take off all my clothes. I was very nervous about doing this in front of these two guys I have never met before, and I guess it showed. Pausing for a moment to comprehend what was asked of me. One of them grabed my shoulder length, wavy brown hair and pulled my head backwards so I could look him in the eye. Beeing only 4' 8" I have to look up to just about everyone.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I said get those fucking clothes off, NOW!" He said to me in a voice that made me weak and scared at the same time. I quickly forgot about my fear of undressing and dropped my clothes to the floor without hesitating. Once undressed my hands were retied behind my back. At that moment we heard footsteps comming down some stairs and the door open that lead to the other garages. In came a man who was 6' tall, black hair, greeish brown eyes, and black framed glasses. He had some wieght on him, but I could tell he worked out. His arms looked strong and built. I knew from the instant I saw him he was the man who bought me. I knew this man from yeas before and couldn't believe who he had become. When I knew him he was living paycheck to paycheck, he was not as built as he was now. The guys who were now standing on either side of me forced me to my knees as he walked towards me.&nbsp; My head was pushed so that I was looking at the floor. Without a word he placed a finger under my chin and made me stand up. I only stood up to his chest.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I like the brown hair, but I want it longer." He said

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"It is long. Anything passed my shoulders is too long, and makes me look shorter." I siad. SMACK! The noise echoed through the concrete room. The guys laughted as my body seemed to collapes with the slap. One of the men caught me before I hit the floor. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"You have no say in this house and will do want you are told. You are not to speak unless spoken to first, and if you must say something you are to say 'Master' and wait to be acknowledged. Is that clear?"

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Through tears I managed to get out a nod and a quiet "yes."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Yes, what?" came a stern vioce in response. That wasn't a hard question for me to figure out. Especially with a burnning cheek.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Yes, Master" I quickly said.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Better. Now that we have that clear lets continue. I have things to do today. Love the blue eyes, and what size are those?"

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"36Ds, Master" I siad timidly. I felt as though I was just meat instead of a person.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Those are wonderful" He said as he squeezed them in his hands. "They are so big and soft. They are real to. I want you to exercise them and get them firmer. You will be shown how. I want the rest of her hair removed." He said as he ran his finger across my clit. "What a big ass you have. It is nice and I really love how round it is." He pushed me back down to my knees and turned his attention to the two gaurds. "Don't touch this one, wash her, show her to her room, have Candice explain the house rules, and after all that I want her sent to my room. Again, no one is to touch her until I say so."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Yes, Sir" the one on my left said. Master turned and left the room. Once he left the guys looked at each other "Damn, this one must be special or something. He always lets us have some fun when they come in."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Yeah, I know dude" They each grabbed an arm and pulled me to my feet. They walked me over to the corrner of the garage where there was a shower head and a drain in the floor. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Bend over!" One of the guys said. I hesitated for a second and bent over at the waist. The other guy stood in front of me and put his hands on my back. My face was in his crouch. I could feel his hard cock against my face. I was so glad he had pants on at this point. I sensed the other guy behind me. All of a sudden I flet his wet fingers playing with my asshole.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"STOP! You aren't suppose to touch me!" I said as my body tensed and I tried to stand up. The guy in front of me held me still as I fought.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"OH, honey, this isnt touching you. You would know if I was touching you. We have to make sure you are all clean for your new Master tonight. Now hold still or it will hurt even more." Just then I felt his finger slid into my ass. I could feel him rubbing something all over my hole. When he pulled his finger out I could feel my ass all wet. The guy who was in front of me moved to the side and attached a rope to my hands. The rope led up to the ceiling and through a bolt in the roof. Then back down. He pulled on the rope which forced my hands upward. I found myself leaning more foward with each pull on the rope. I was on my tippy toes when he stopped. My arms were in so much pain now. In this postion I finally noticed a mirror which allowed me to see the guy behind me. "Hi, there. Enjoy the show" I noticed a clear bag of solution in his hand that had a tube comming from the bottom of the bag. Before I knew what it was I felt the tube inserted into my ass. "You should enjoy this. Once the bag is empty you will hold it untill told to release."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Okay" I said and thinking to myself that shouldn't be to hard.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Say 'Yes, Sir.' You will show respect at all times." The guy next to me said.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Yes, Sir" I said staring at the floor. Next I felt a hard tube inserted into my pussy. I looked between my legs as he started squirting the clear liquid inside me. I felt it running down my legs. At this point I started feeling sick to my stomach and pressure building against my ass. I squeezed my ass cheecks to hold it in like I was told.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Almost done, honey" The guard behind me said.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Yes, Sir" I siad in a quite vioce trying not to think about it.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Okay, once your arms are down go over to the drain and let it go." He said.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Thank you, Sir" I felt my arms lower and I could stand again. I knelt over the drain and released the presure. The two guys then rised me off and brought out a steel table about waist high. I was told to lay on my back on top of the table. My hands were untied so I could get on the table. Again being allowed to rub feeling back into my hands and arms. I laid down onto the table. My legs were clamped to the table so they were spread aprat and my arms were then tied to the table streached above my head. The section of the table that suported my butt was then removed so they has full access to everything between my legs. I watched as the guys took shaving cream and smeared it onto my armpits and pussy. They each picked up a razor and proceeded to remove all my hair. Once I was smooth I was was removed from the table, made to soap up and rinse off in cold water. Though it was nice to finally have my hands free for a change, the cold water was not that nice. My teeth started chattering halfway through my shower.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"You will be able to earn hot water privileages if you are good here. Candice will tell you all about that." Once the shower was over I was quickly and not completely dry before my hands were tied back together. "You are being so good right now we will keep them in front of you, but make no mistake. One wrong move and you will pay for it. I was lead up the stairs into the amazing house. We enter into the kitchen where there were two naked girls cooking. One had waist long blone hair, about a size B cup breast, pale white skin, and she was skin and bones. The other was a red head with hair about halfway down her back. Her breast were about a C cup and she had a dark tan. Neither of them looked up. It was as if they where cooking for twenty people. The kitchen was nice and roomie with all kinds of state of the art gadgets. I followed the two gaurds through the kitchen to a sairwell. It was a small stairwell and kind dark.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"These are the sairs you are to use when not being escorted by your Master or one of his guest. In that case you will follow them." One of the guys said.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Yes, Sir." I siad as I followed them up to the third floor. The third floor was nothing like I thought the inside of this house would be like. It looked more like the inside of a cheap hotel. The walls were very plain, the doors were just as plain. One thing that caught my attention was every door had a deadbolt on them and each room was numbered. I was lead down the hallway that had ten doors on each side. We stoped at the tenth door. The door on the left was the only door with a name on it. In black block letters it spelled out Candice. One of the gaurds knocked on her door as the other took me into room number twenty.&nbsp; He left the door open as he took my inside the room. Candice staired at the floor, while on her knees, as the gaurd told her I was new here and needed to be filled in. She quickly answered with a yes, Sir as I had been told to. My hands were untied and the gaurds left the halway through the doorway that led into the rest of the house. I started to look around when Candice entered my room. I smiled at her as if to say hello. I never got a response. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Get on your knees and look at the floor" Candice said in a not so friendly voice. I quickly did as she said. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Yes, Ma'am" I said once on my knees.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Thank you, but you do not need to call me ma'am. I am just a slave as you have become. I have been with Master for over five years now and have earned my place as Master's prize slave. I have worked hard to keep Master pleased with me. Master doesn't allow other people to touch me unless He really wants to treat them well. Because I am so special I am to keep all other slaves in line when Master is not able to or is not around." She paced around the room as she talked to me. I watched as her long white legs kept passing in front of me. "Through obedience and trainning you will be able to become a favorite to our Master and receive wonderful gifts from him. Master is easy to please if you know what to do." I glanced up for the first time, not thinking. She was a pretty brunette with hair in a braid that hung just above her tight ass. Her breast were a set of perky C cups. She had a figure that every women would die for. She could easily fit into a size 3, I mean if she were allowed to wear clothes. Around her neck was a black choker with a blue heart in the middle. Her saphire blue eyes truned cold in an instant when she saw me looking up. I quickly looked down again. "You must follow the rules or eles pay the price. If you ever have a question you can come to me if I am avalible. Number one rule here: Never speak unless spoken to. If it is important use their title 'Master, Sir, Madam, or for me Candice'. Then wait, no matter how long it takes. When not busy you are to be in your room exercising, cleaning, or whatever you choose, but for now Master has a strick rule for you. He wants you to exersice your breast and ass three times a week as a minimum. You will firm your ass by doing 25 squats to start out. For your breast you will lift five pound weights 100 times. 50 times you will stand with one weight in each hand. Holding them at shoulder height. Then lift them above your head till your elbows are straight, then bring them back down to your shoulders. The other 50 times you will lie on your back, arms out to the side. In a T shape, lift the wieghts straight up till your arms are stright in front of you." She looked down at me.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I nodded and said "25 squats, 50 reps standing, 50 reps lieing down."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Good, next you never cum without permission. Some guess take this rule very serious. Every slave here is assigned a chore or two daily. Being the newest you will get the most unwanted ones to begin with. As you learn and grow you might work your way to better chores. You are no longer a person. You are property and Master will make sure you understand that. If you don't know what to do ask me, if I am not around look around follow the other slaves leads, but never, ever talk to another slave outside this hallway.&nbsp; One last thing, for now. When someone enters the room you are in always drop to your knees and stair at the ground. Wait for them to release you or leave the room." She paused for a moment as if to change her thought. "Master will be the kindest, gentilest, and most amazing Master ever, but make him mad and it will turn to hell. Any questions?"

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Yes, why are there locks on the ouside of the doors?" I asked not ever looking up.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Ahh, for a few reasons. One is a form of punishment. The other is new slaves are always locked in until they can be trusted. Now, I have a question for you." Bending down to look me in the face. You look familar. Have we meet somewhere before?" She asked. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"No, I have never seen you in my life must have been a look-a-like." I said softly looking at her.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Oh well, now I will leave you. Frank and Joe will be back to get you in a few." She said as she left the room. She closed my door and I heard it lock. I got up off the floor. It was a very plain room. It was painted a light tan color. There was no windows and the only light hung down from the ceiling fan. The cord to turn them off where cut short so I could not reach them. The bed was a steel fame bed with a dingy single size mattress and a single sheet for a cover. The pillow was hard as a rock. I tried to move the bed to turn on the fan, but it wouldn't budge. There was a single nightstand in the room next to the bed. On it sat a clock, a long sleeve shirt, and two five pound weights. Ontop of the shirt was a note, which read 'Only wear this when it is cold. I am watching so do try and sneek it on. Your Master.' About that time I heard my door unlock. I turned around as Frank and Joe entered. I quickly drop to my knees and looked at the floor. Closing the door behind them. I waited as they walked over to me. Frank pulled my hands behind my back and held them together.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Sirs" I said meekly.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Yes, sweety." Joe said as he started to wrap rope around my wrist. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Please, Sirs, I'll be very good. Please don't tie my hands. I promise." I begged without looking up. "My arms still hurt from earlier."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I don't know. It is a rule in this house. If you are escorted you are to have your arms tied." Frank said as he turned towards Joe.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I tell you what, honey. You were so good downstairs, earlier, I will go get the soft cuffs. How is that, dear?" Joe said.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Thank you so much Sirs. I really aprecate it." I said. Joe left as Frank stood there next to me.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"You know when we leave this room. We aren't going to be this nice, right?" Joe paused. I shook my head in agreeance.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I won't do anything that I shouldn't, Sir" I quickly added.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"We know who you are." Frank said as he bent down right in front of me. I looked up not even thinking. I was in shock. I looked him dead in the eye.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Sorry, Sir." I quickly dropped my eyes back to the floor. How could they possably know who I am. I thought. "Sir, Does anyone one eles know?" I asked.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Not to my knowlege. I know none of the other slaves know, not even Candice." He said as the door started to open. We both got quiet.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Okay, dear. Here we go. This should be better. Stand up." Joe said. "Turn around." With my back to him, he took my left hand and brought it behinde me. "Bend your arm at the elbow and do the same with your right arm. It will be more comfortable. Not sure how long your Master will have you in his room." Joe said as Frank lifted my head and winked at me. I couldn't help but smile. I looked back down. With my hands secured behind my back I was escorted out of the room.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Remain looking down, stay behind us, but between us. We will know if you slip up and it won't be pretty." Frank said. When we walked into the hallway Joe shut my door. We turned to the door at the right of us, which lead to the rest of the house. Frank stood on the left and Joe on the right. Frank opened the door and Joe waited for me to go first. I stepped through the doorway a few steps and dropped to my knees. Waiting for my captors to start escorting me. Frank grabbed my arm to help me back up. "Nice job." He wispered trying to act like he wasn't say anything. I waited for them to step in front of me and to start walking. The floors where covered in soft plush carpet unlike my room which was plain cement. Master had several slaves. I counted six as we made our way through the house. Everyone of them dropped to their knees and waited for us to leave the room. We finally stared down a short hallway. There where two doors on each of the side walls. At the end of the hallway was a set of double doors that reached to the ceiling. With each step we took I became more and more nervous, and scared. How would my Master react? What is he like? As we passed one of the rooms, the door opened. Then all of a sudden...SMACK!&nbsp; I felt a hand slap my ass. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"AHHH" I left out a scream in shock. Frank and Joe pushed me foward as they turned around. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"What do you think you are doing?" Joe yelled at the man. "Master Zanity will not be happy with what we have to report." He said cailming down a bit.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Master Zanity has strict orders that no one is to touch this slave until he okays it." Frank said. "Besides you know the rules and escorted slave is never touched. Now the way I see it is you have two chocies: tell him yourself or we will tell him."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Tell me what?" Master said as he opened his door. He walked right passed me without even looking at me.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I...I...I grrrabbbed her asss as she walked passed." The guy stammered.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Take her into my room while I handle this." Master said. I was escorted into the room. I could hear Master yelling at the guy. Frank and Joe lead me to the center of the room and walked away. The doors closed behind them. I could still hear Master yelling, but muffeled. I hear several thuds. I looked around trying to not listen to the noises. There was a California King size bed in his room. A sofa in front of a 52" plasma television haning on the wall. A fireplace faced the bed. A huge dragon rug covered the already carpeted floor. Master had a nightstand on each side of the bed.The left one was bear, while the other had a clock and a picture on it. I walked over to the picture and couldn't beleive my eyes. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I jumped when I felt a hand on my shoulder. I spun around and saw Master. I dropped to my knees and staired at the floor. "Sorry, Master. I did not hear You come in. Forgive me, please" I begged.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Slave, I forgive you, but it won't happen again. The guy in the hall send his apology." Master said as he released my arms. He lifted my head to look into my eyes. "Why do you have those tears?" He said to me softly.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Master, your picture... Why do you still have it?" I said as tears started to fall. He picked it up and handed it to me. &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I told you, I would never give up and I didn't, YOU did and now you have no choice, but to stay and things will work this time. The tables are turned my princess. You no longer will be just handed things. You will earn the as I see fit." He said firmly 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I turned to look at the picture. There stairing back at me was a familar face. She was happily hugging a white teddy bear and opening a card. The teddy bear had the year 2000 embordered on it's foot. This girl looked to be 16 and was lieing on a bed wearing a blue tanktop and jeans. That was Master's and my first Valintiens day together. I was only 18. What love we had for each other.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Master" I said a little sniffely.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Yes, slave" He said softly.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I never wanted it to end. I have loved you for the past 15 years. I will be the best I can be. you will see, Master. I know my place now. You will be proud of me. I am just so happy to be around you again." I finished with tear filled eyes looking at him.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I will make sure you do." He said as he got up and walked away to the door. "Tell the girls I will be down for dinner in an hour. Apologies to my guess when they arrive. Have Sandra clean up room two, please. Thank you." Master said as he closed the door. He walked over to me. He had me stand up and he kissed me. This kiss was so powerful. Even after being separated for five years our love was still there. As quickly as the kiss started it stopped. Master left me wanting more and weak knees. "Back down on all fours." Master's mood quickly changed at that moment. THWACK!

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"AHHHHHHHH" I screamed as I was thrown foward. My ass was suddenely on fire. THWACK! Again I was thrown forward as I tried bitting my lip. Tears came out of no where and fell like a waterfall. THWACK! "Oh GOD!" I screamed. It stopped. I saw the wooden paddle fall to the floor next to me. My ass felt as if someone was lighting it on fire. I felt Master slide behind me and shove his hard dick inside me. I let out a scream as his cock peired my ass. I felt as though I was being torn in half. Every time Master would slam against my ass it burned and hurt even more. My hair was yanked back so far that I was looking at the ceiling. I then felt one of his hands squeeze my throat. He pounded harder and harder as I gaspped for air. As a reflexs I grabbed his hand when the room started to go black. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"BITCH! Don't touch me." He said in an angry voice that peired right through me. "You will pay fo crushing my heart. You will pay for it everyday." He let go of my throat and pulled out of me. He left me for just a moment. When he returned He shoved my face into his lap. I felt him shove something hard into my hole. It streached me even more as it entered. It really hurt as it tour my skin even more. I sucked on his member as only I have done to him. Holding the tip of his cock in my mouth without hands as I drew it into my mouth by creating a vaccum inside my mouth. Gently massaging the sides with my tounge. Releasing his cock and starting over. Master did not last long with me this evening. I feel him cum inside my mouth. He quickly grabs my head and empties his load inside and pulls his dick out. He foces me to close my mouth as he tapes it shut. Forcing me to swallow every drop. SLAP! I was knocked to the floor with a thud. He had so much power behined his hand as it came in contact with my face. "You will pay!" Master said sternly. He locked my wrist back together behind me. He picked up my picture and placed it back on the nightstand. Master rolled me onto my back and staired at me. "You think I'm done with you tonight just wait." He said as he walked away. I laid on the floor with my hands behind me and my ass being painfully streched. The pain hurt so much that I couldn't stop the tears. Only soft moans came from me as I tried to deal with the pain. Finally Master came back to my side. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Master is going to let me go now so I can sleep and be well rested for tonight." I thought to myself. Master was all dressed up. He looked just as hansome as he ever had. He picked me up and stood me in the bathroom. From the doorway you had a clear view of the bedroom. The tile floor was cold to the touch. Master reach into a drawer unre the sink and pulled out this huge suction cup dildo. He slammed it against the floor and pulled on it. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Good. That won't come loose." He said with a grin. This thing had to be a good four inches in girth. Master looked at me. My eyes were fixed on this thing. I knew what he was going to make me do and I could only think of the pain I was already in. "I'll be nice, pet." Master said as he lubed up the massive cock. He then guided me over to it. I resisted a little, but Master ignored it. He knew I was scared. He had me kneel down so the cock was between my ankles. Helping me line it up Master forced me on top of it. I tried to scream out from the pain, but only a muffled noise came out. My body convulsed. I fought, pulling at the cuffs on my arms. My body was in so much pain. Both my holes where being torn by these objects. "SHHH, Shhhh. relaxe princess." He said staring into my eyes. The way he use to with all the love in the world. "Slave, relaxe, and it won't hurt as bad." His soothing words helped and slowly it did start to subside. Master ran a rope from the roof down and around my chest to help support me. He was afraid if I leaned foward my punishment would slip out. He kissed my forhead and said he was late for dinner, but he would be back.&nbsp; After an hour, my arms ached and my knees hurt against the groove of the tiles. That didn't stop the fatigue. I couldn't fight the over powering exhaustion. Before I knew it my head dropped foward and I was out.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;What only seemed to be five mintues, I awoke to the noise of Master's door. "Finally, Master has come and he will let me go. Then we can be together at last." I thought to myself. I was horrified that Master never looked at me. Instead Candice came into view. My heart dropped. I knew what he was going to do. Having to watch him with another girl always drove me crazy and hurt. Master was really upset at me this time and he was making it clear. I watched as he took her by the arm and leaned her over the bed. He took some lube and coated this double sided dildo. And started siding one side into her pussy. Pushing it farther and farther inside. I watched as it slowly slipped into her. She was moaning as she enjoyed the feeling of it. After ten inches were inside her she flinched and I heard a soft sigh. Master crulely forced more and more inside her untill she gripped the bed sheet trying to hold still from the pain.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Want more slut? Master said.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Yes, Master. The pain feels good." Candice said as she tried to hold back the tears in her voice. Still watching as Master took the other end and lubed it up. He lined the other end up with her pussy. His arm muscels tensed as he forced it inside her. Candice was stranning to be still as the other side went deeper and deeper. "Relax, bitch. I'm not stopping tonight. It will go in. We have been too close the past few times." Master said as he slapped her ass. Inch by inch the doulbe slid inside her. He stopped when only an inch hung out. It was bent and made it wider than what was already inside her. He grabbed her hair and said "Get ready." in a voice that puts chills in your bones. He slammed his hand between her legs with all his might. She let out a scream that I'm sure the neighbors heard. She came off the ground a good two inches and when she came down the doulbe was nowhere to been seen. She collaped to the floor crying. Master walked away from her as she begged for the dildo to be removed. Master just laughted. "Play with yourself. That will help." Master said cruely as he watched her squirm and glanced over at me. She flicked and rubbed her her clit furously. She kept crying. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Master it isn't helping." Candice wailed.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"You are a whinny bitch tonight, aren't you?" Master said slightly angry."I guess I'll have to fix that." He said as he got up from his lounge chair. Master crossed his room to his dresser and opened a drawer. Candice watched him in horror knowing she pushed our Master to far this time. Master returned to her side with cuffs and a ball gag. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Quickly Candice begged forgiveness. "Please Master don't. I'm sorry. I'll shut up now." She pledded through tears bearly able to get some words out. Master was acting as if he wasn't listening to her. He flipped her over onto her stomache and Candice atomaticlly put her hands behind her back with her hands folded together. Master cuffed them there. Candice had turned into a wreck. She was crying so hard she couldn't breath. When I knew Master he was not mean enough to cause her to act like this. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Master grabbed her hair and pulled on it. "Open!" Master said harshly. Candice took a couple of deep breaths and opened her mouth as wide as she could. Master shoved the ball into place and then secured it. I felt a tear fall across my cheek as I watched the pain in her face. Yet I found myself hot and wet. Then having this enormous cock inside me didn't help. I was rocking back and forth as little as I could. "Slave, you are no being good tonight and you will be punished. That gag will stay in your mouth till I think you have learned to keep your mouth shut when it should be." Master picked up Candice and leaned her over a table in the room. She looked dead at me. She had this look of shock as if she didn't know I was there. I watched as Master picked up a paddle and swung it at Candice. A loud moan escaped from the gag in her mouth. Again THWAK! This time the table moved. I closed my eyes so I wouldn't have to look at the pain on her face. Her eyes cried out for help. THWACK! THWACK! After each slap a moan came out of her. Candice recieved four more blows before Master stopped. "Think you can be calmer now, slut?" Master's voice broke in "Good" I heard him say, so i guess she agreed. "Bitch open your eyes. I want you to watch me fuck this slut." Master said, knowing he was talking to me. I opened my eyes as he moved closer to Candice. I watched her face as he stood behind her. She tried to relaxe against the table as he ran his finger around her asshole and inside it with lube. Her eyes shut tight as a sign Master had found her tight whole. Master had a big smile as he entered her. Candice was in so much pain I could only imagin. Watching her in that pain only made me wet. Having her pussy streached so far and full and now her ass was full. Then Master's cock would hit the double and cause even more pain in her pussy. I felt myself rocking harder against the cock inside me. I felt the wetness against my thighs. Master reached under Candice and started rubbing her clit. She immediantely started shaking and fighting the urge to cum. "I want you to cum, slut." No sooner did Master say cum Candice did. I watched as her inner thighs started to become shinny. Candice seemed to become limp, but Master wasn't having it. Three more times Candice was made to cum before he stopped. There was a puddle on the carpet where she stood. Master's legs started to tremble as they always had right before an orgasm. He quickly pulled out of her and walked towards me. He knew I couldn't stand it, and would fight, when he use to pull out of my ass and then made to suck him clean. Now was my chance to prove to Master I knew my place and that he is boss. He ripped the tape off my mouth with a grin. Then expecting a fight quickly shoved his cock deep into my throat before I could react. I gaged, having never really learning to swallow a cock. Master pulled back a little realizing I wasn't fighting, but still could not take him all. I ran my tounge along the sides of his cock and then forcing it against the roof of my mouth. I was getting it all wet and clean for him. I knew he wasn't going to last long and before I knew it I had swallowed a mouth full of his hot jucie. "Godd bitch." Master said as he walked over to Candice who now had her eyes closed as if she had passed out. Master reached between her legs and cruely pulled out the double as life sprang back into her. She flopped off the table and onto the floor and then she was back out. Master picked up the phone. "Frank, Candice needs help to her room." Master hung up the phone. He walked over to me and squated down to me. Then with a smile kissed me. He stood back up and untied the rope around me. Master then released my arms. "You really do want to impress me. Don't you?" He asked as I rubbed my arms and hands.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Yes, Master. I have never been able to loose the love I have for you. When I am not near you I long for you." I said never looking up. Just then there was a knock on the door. Master answered it. Frank picked up Candice and threw her over his shoulder.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"What about the other one?" Joe asked.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"No she will stay here tonight. Oh, one last thing. When Candice is put in her room take the gag out so her jaw can rest, but lock the door. She is to talk to no one. When she is out of her room gag her. It is to be this way till I remove the gag myself. Tell Sandra she is allowed to take charge untill Candice has learned her lesson." Master said. The door closed and Master came back to me. He picked up my arms and helped me up off the dildo. "Clean it off and start a bath. I'm dirty again." Master said as he walked to the televsion.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Yes Master." I said with all the love I have for him. I quickly got up and cleaned off both dildos and started running a hot relaxing bath for Master. While the giant tub filled I went to Master's side He was busy playing video games. "Master" I said quietly and waited for a response, I knelt on the floor next to him. While waiting I got up to turn off the water and came back to his side.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Yes pet?" Master finally said. Knowing full well he was testing me.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I have washed both the dildos but do not know where they go. Also your bath is ready." I said to Master.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"They go in the middle drawer of the dresser. I will be right there. Wait by the tub for me." He said as he continued to play.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Yes Master. Thank you." I said as I got up and put the toys away. When I opened the drawer it was filled with all kinds of toys. I would have like to spend some time looking at all Master had, but I didn't know how much longer Master would be playing and quickly closed the drawer and the doors. I went to the side of the tub and waited. A few mintes later Master came walking into the bathroom. He stopped at the tub. I quickly took his pants off and gave his cock a quick bath with my mouth again. Master patted my head and I knew I was winning him over. Master stepped into the tub while I knelt down next to the tub.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"My pet, there is plenty of room in here if you would like to join me" Master said as he sat down to relax in the tub.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Yes Master. I would love to join you. Thank you, Master." I said as I quickly stepped into the tub. Master then realized He had left the butt plug inside me.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Slave? Why did you not tell me that was still inside you? Does it not hurt?" Master asked knowing that having things left in my ass has always hurt and not having a high threshold for pain made it worse.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Yes Master. It stings a bit, but I will tolerate it and ignore it as best as I can untill you say I can stop, Master. I did not know you had forgotten about it." I said softly as to not upset Master.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Come here, pet." Master said camly. I went over to him. "Turn around." I turned so my ass was facing him. He reached up as I braced myself. Master tried ot pull it out as gently as he could but it still hurt. I muffled my cry. "Okay my pet, come relax with me." Master said as he pulled gently on my arm. I nestled myself next to him as we started talking about the past five years. Throughout the conversation I washed Master thorghly. At some point we ran out of things to say so I procieded to give Master a blowjob underwater. I could tell Master was pleased when he rewarded me by bending me over the side of the tub and slide into my pussy. I had finally felt his hard cock between my lips for the first time in years and went into ecstasy. It felt as though we where the only ones in the world at that moment. I wanted to beg for more when Master was done, but I could tell he wanted to go to bed. I dried Master off and as he went to bed I cleaned the other toy and drained the tub. Master was so pleased with me he allowed me to sleep in the bed with him. I snuggled next to him with my ass towrads him and drifted off the sleep quickly.





To be continued...











A Slave's Life



PART I



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;My arms hurt after having my hands tied behind my back for the long car ride. The driver never said a word to me. I tried to talk to him, but he only closed the divider between the back and the front of the limo. I longed to have my hands untied and maybe I could enjoy the ride in the limo. To get my mind off my arms I looked out of the darkly tinted windows. The car was driving through a neighborhood filled with huge homes. Three stories seemed to be the average. "Wow, someone must be doing well. Then again, they would have to have a lot of play money to buy a slave." I said to myself. I have never seen such big houses in my life, except on television. The driver slowed down. He pulled up to a house with a gate. The huge iron gate started to open as he pulled through. I turned in my seat to watch the gate close and an eerie feeling came over me. As the gate closed I felt as if the life I knew was no more. I couldn't take that feeling anymore so I turned around to see this three story mansion in front of me. It was white and had huge windows all over it. The driveway lead right under a carport. The limo never stopped at the front door.&nbsp; The front door was a double French style door with frosted glass in them. A fancy chandelier hung from the covering of the carport. The limo continued to follow the driveway to the back of this amazing home. I watched as the car pulled into one of the five garages on the back side of the house. I heard the car turn off and the driver door open and close. I waited for a while to see what would happen. It was dark enough in the garage so that the dark tinted glass would not allow me to see anything that was going on. I was left in the car for what seemed to be five minutes. Two huge guys helped me out of the car. The garage had a wall that separated it from the other garages. This room seemed to be under the main floor of the mansion. My hands where untied and I was allowed to rub them to get feeling back to them. After a few seconds I was told to take off all my clothes. I was very nervous about doing this in front of these two guys I have never met before, and I guess it showed. Pausing for a moment to comprehend what was asked of me. One of them grabbed my shoulder length, wavy brown hair and pulled my head backwards so I could look him in the eye. Being only 4' 8" I have to look up to just about everyone.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I said get those fucking clothes off, NOW!" He said to me in a voice that made me weak and scared at the same time. I quickly forgot about my fear of undressing and dropped my clothes to the floor without hesitating. Once undressed my hands were retied behind my back. At that moment we heard footsteps coming down some stairs and the door open that lead to the other garages. In came a man who was 6' tall, black hair, greenish brown eyes, and black framed glasses. He had some weight on him, but I could tell he worked out. His arms looked strong and built. I knew from the instant I saw him he was the man who bought me. I knew this man from yeas before and couldn't believe who he had become. When I knew him he was living paycheck to paycheck, he was not as built as he was now. The guys who were now standing on either side of me forced me to my knees as he walked towards me.&nbsp; My head was pushed so that I was looking at the floor. Without a word he placed a finger under my chin and made me stand up. I only stood up to his chest.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I like the brown hair, but I want it longer." He said

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"It is long. Anything passed my shoulders is too long, and makes me look shorter." I said. SMACK! The noise echoed through the concrete room. The guys laughed as my body seemed to collapse with the slap. One of the men caught me before I hit the floor. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"You have no say in this house and will do want you are told. You are not to speak unless spoken to first, and if you must say something you are to say 'Master' and wait to be acknowledged. Is that clear?"

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Through tears I managed to get out a nod and a quiet "yes."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Yes, what?" came a stern voice in response. That wasn't a hard question for me to figure out. Especially with a burning cheek.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Yes, Master" I quickly said.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Better. Now that we have that clear lets continue. I have things to do today. Love the blue eyes, and what size are those?"

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"36Ds, Master" I said timidly. I felt as though I was just meat instead of a person.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Those are wonderful" He said as he squeezed them in his hands. "They are so big and soft. They are real too. I want you to exercise them and get them firmer. You will be shown how. I want the rest of her hair removed." He said as he ran his finger across my clit. "What a big ass you have. It is nice and I really love how round it is." He pushed me back down to my knees and turned his attention to the two guards. "Don't touch this one, wash her, show her to her room, have Candice explain the house rules, and after all that I want her sent to my room. Again, no one is to touch her until I say so."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Yes, Sir" the one on my left said. Master turned and left the room. Once he left the guys looked at each other "Damn, this one must be special or something. He always lets us have some fun when they come in."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Yeah, I know dude" They each grabbed an arm and pulled me to my feet. They walked me over to the corner of the garage where there was a shower head and a drain in the floor. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Bend over!" One of the guys said. I hesitated for a second and bent over at the waist. The other guy stood in front of me and put his hands on my back. My face was in his crotch. I could feel his hard cock against my face. I was so glad he had pants on at this point. I sensed the other guy behind me. All of a sudden I felt his wet fingers playing with my ass hole.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"STOP! You aren't suppose to touch me!" I said as my body tensed and I tried to stand up. The guy in front of me held me still as I fought.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"OH, honey, this isn�t touching you. You would know if I was touching you. We have to make sure you are all clean for your new Master tonight. Now hold still or it will hurt even more." Just then I felt his finger slid into my ass. I could feel him rubbing something all over my hole. When he pulled his finger out I could feel my ass all wet. The guy who was in front of me moved to the side and attached a rope to my hands. The rope led up to the ceiling and through a bolt in the roof. Then back down. He pulled on the rope which forced my hands upward. I found myself leaning more forward with each pull on the rope. I was on my tippy toes when he stopped. My arms were in so much pain now. In this position I finally noticed a mirror which allowed me to see the guy behind me. "Hi, there. Enjoy the show" I noticed a clear bag of solution in his hand that had a tube coming from the bottom of the bag. Before I knew what it was I felt the tube inserted into my ass. "You should enjoy this. Once the bag is empty you will hold it until told to release."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Okay" I said and thinking to myself that shouldn't be to hard.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Say 'Yes, Sir.' You will show respect at all times." The guy next to me said.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Yes, Sir" I said staring at the floor. Next I felt a hard tube inserted into my pussy. I looked between my legs as he started squirting the clear liquid inside me. I felt it running down my legs. At this point I started feeling sick to my stomach and pressure building against my ass. I squeezed my ass cheeks to hold it in like I was told.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Almost done, honey" The guard behind me said.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Yes, Sir" I said in a quite voice trying not to think about it.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Okay, once your arms are down go over to the drain and let it go." He said.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Thank you, Sir" I felt my arms lower and I could stand again. I knelt over the drain and released the pressure. The two guys then raised me off and brought out a steel table about waist high. I was told to lay on my back on top of the table. My hands were untied so I could get on the table. Again being allowed to rub feeling back into my hands and arms. I laid down onto the table. My legs were clamped to the table so they were spread apart and my arms were then tied to the table stretched above my head. The section of the table that supported my butt was then removed so they has full access to everything between my legs. I watched as the guys took shaving cream and smeared it onto my armpits and pussy. They each picked up a razor and proceeded to remove all my hair. Once I was smooth I was removed from the table, made to soap up and rinse off in cold water. Though it was nice to finally have my hands free for a change, the cold water was not that nice. My teeth started chattering halfway through my shower.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"You will be able to earn hot water privileges if you are good here. Candice will tell you all about that." Once the shower was over I was quickly and not completely dry before my hands were tied back together. "You are being so good right now we will keep them in front of you, but make no mistake. One wrong move and you will pay for it. I was lead up the stairs into the amazing house. We enter into the kitchen where there were two naked girls cooking. One had waist long blonde hair, about a size B cup breast, pale white skin, and she was skin and bones. The other was a red head with hair about halfway down her back. Her breast were about a C cup and she had a dark tan. Neither of them looked up. It was as if they where cooking for twenty people. The kitchen was nice and had all kinds of state of the art gadgets. I followed the two guards through the kitchen to a stairwell. It was a small stairwell and kind dark.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"These are the stairs you are to use when not being escorted by your Master or one of his guest. In that case you will follow them." One of the guys said.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Yes, Sir." I said as I followed them up to the third floor. The third floor was nothing like I thought the inside of this house would be like. It looked more like the inside of a cheap hotel. The walls were very plain, the doors were just as plain. One thing that caught my attention was every door had a deadbolt on them and each room was numbered. I was lead down the hallway that had ten doors on each side. We stopped at the tenth door. The door on the left was the only door with a name on it. In black block letters it spelled out Candice. One of the guards knocked on her door as the other took me into room number twenty.&nbsp; He left the door open as he took my inside the room. Candice stared at the floor, while on her knees, as the guard told her I was new here and needed to be filled in. She quickly answered with a yes, Sir as I had been told to. My hands were untied and the guards left the hallway through the doorway that led into the rest of the house. I started to look around when Candice entered my room. I smiled at her as if to say hello. I never got a response. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Get on your knees and look at the floor" Candice said in a not so friendly voice. I quickly did as she said. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Yes, Ma'am" I said once on my knees.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Thank you, but you do not need to call me ma'am. I am just a slave as you have become. I have been with Master for over five years now and have earned my place as Master's prize slave. I have worked hard to keep Master pleased with me. Master doesn't allow other people to touch me unless He really wants to treat them well. Because I am so special I am to keep all other slaves in line when Master is not able to or is not around." She paced around the room as she talked to me. I watched as her long white legs kept passing in front of me. "Through obedience and training you will be able to become a favorite to our Master and receive wonderful gifts from him. Master is easy to please if you know what to do." I glanced up for the first time, not thinking. She was a pretty brunette with hair in a braid that hung just above her tight ass. Her breast were a set of perky C cups. She had a figure that every women would die for. She could easily fit into a size 3, I mean if she were allowed to wear clothes. Around her neck was a black choker with a blue heart in the middle. Her sapphire blue eyes turned cold in an instant when she saw me looking up. I quickly looked down again. "You must follow the rules or else pay the price. If you ever have a question you can come to me if I am available. Number one rule here: Never speak unless spoken to. If it is important use their title 'Master, Sir, Madam, or for me Candice'. Then wait, no matter how long it takes. When not busy you are to be in your room exercising, cleaning, or whatever you choose, but for now Master has a strict rule for you. He wants you to exercise your breast and ass three times a week as a minimum. You will firm your ass by doing 25 squats to start out. For your breast you will lift five pound weights 100 times. 50 times you will stand with one weight in each hand. Holding them at shoulder height. Then lift them above your head till your elbows are straight, then bring them back down to your shoulders. The other 50 times you will lie on your back, arms out to the side. In a T shape, lift the weights straight up till your arms are straight in front of you." She looked down at me.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I nodded and said "25 squats, 50 reps standing, 50 reps lying down."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Good, next you never cum without permission. Some guess take this rule very serious. Every slave here is assigned a chore or two daily. Being the newest you will get the most unwanted ones to begin with. As you learn and grow you might work your way to better chores. You are no longer a person. You are property and Master will make sure you understand that. If you don't know what to do ask me, if I am not around look around follow the other slaves leads, but never, ever talk to another slave outside this hallway.&nbsp; One last thing, for now. When someone enters the room you are in always drop to your knees and stair at the ground. Wait for them to release you or leave the room." She paused for a moment as if to change her thought. "Master will be the kindest, gentlest, and most amazing Master ever, but make him mad and it will turn to hell. Any questions?"

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Yes, why are there locks on the outside of the doors?" I asked not ever looking up.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Ahh, for a few reasons. One is a form of punishment. The other is new slaves are always locked in until they can be trusted. Now, I have a question for you." Bending down to look me in the face. You look familiar. Have we meet somewhere before?" She asked. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"No, I have never seen you in my life must have been a look-a-like." I said softly looking at her.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Oh well, now I will leave you. Frank and Joe will be back to get you in a few." She said as she left the room. She closed my door and I heard it lock. I got up off the floor. It was a very plain room. It was painted a light tan color. There was no windows and the only light hung down from the ceiling fan. The cord to turn them off where cut short so I could not reach them. The bed was a steel fame bed with a dingy single size mattress and a single sheet for a cover. The pillow was hard as a rock. I tried to move the bed to turn on the fan, but it wouldn't budge. There was a single nightstand in the room next to the bed. On it sat a clock, a long sleeve shirt, and two five pound weights. On top of the shirt was a note, which read 'Only wear this when it is cold. I am watching so do try and sneak it on. Your Master.' About that time I heard my door unlock. I turned around as Frank and Joe entered. I quickly drop to my knees and looked at the floor. Closing the door behind them. I waited as they walked over to me. Frank pulled my hands behind my back and held them together.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Sirs" I said meekly.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Yes, sweetie." Joe said as he started to wrap rope around my wrist. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Please, Sirs, I'll be very good. Please don't tie my hands. I promise." I begged without looking up. "My arms still hurt from earlier."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I don't know. It is a rule in this house. If you are escorted you are to have your arms tied." Frank said as he turned towards Joe.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I tell you what, honey. You were so good downstairs, earlier, I will go get the soft cuffs. How is that, dear?" Joe said.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Thank you so much Sirs. I really appreciate it." I said. Joe left as Frank stood there next to me.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"You know when we leave this room. We aren't going to be this nice, right?" Joe paused. I shook my head in agreeance.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I won't do anything that I shouldn't, Sir" I quickly added.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"We know who you are." Frank said as he bent down right in front of me. I looked up not even thinking. I was in shock. I looked him dead in the eye.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Sorry, Sir." I quickly dropped my eyes back to the floor. How could they possibly know who I am. I thought. "Sir, Does anyone one else know?" I asked.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Not to my knowledge. I know none of the other slaves know, not even Candice." He said as the door started to open. We both got quiet.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Okay, dear. Here we go. This should be better. Stand up." Joe said. "Turn around." With my back to him, he took my left hand and brought it behind me. "Bend your arm at the elbow and do the same with your right arm. It will be more comfortable. Not sure how long your Master will have you in his room." Joe said as Frank lifted my head and winked at me. I couldn't help but smile. I looked back down. With my hands secured behind my back I was escorted out of the room.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Remain looking down, stay behind us, but between us. We will know if you slip up and it won't be pretty." Frank said. When we walked into the hallway Joe shut my door. We turned to the door at the right of us, which lead to the rest of the house. Frank stood on the left and Joe on the right. Frank opened the door and Joe waited for me to go first. I stepped through the doorway a few steps and dropped to my knees. Waiting for my captors to start escorting me. Frank grabbed my arm to help me back up. "Nice job." He whispered trying to act like he wasn't say anything. I waited for them to step in front of me and to start walking. The floors where covered in soft plush carpet unlike my room which was plain cement. Master had several slaves. I counted six as we made our way through the house. Everyone of them dropped to their knees and waited for us to leave the room. We finally stared down a short hallway. There where two doors on each of the side walls. At the end of the hallway was a set of double doors that reached to the ceiling. With each step we took I became more and more nervous, and scared. How would my Master react? What is he like? As we passed one of the rooms, the door opened. Then all of a sudden...SMACK!&nbsp; I felt a hand slap my ass. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"AHHH" I left out a scream in shock. Frank and Joe pushed me forward as they turned around. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"What do you think you are doing?" Joe yelled at the man. "Master Zanity will not be happy with what we have to report." He said calming down a bit.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Master Zanity has strict orders that no one is to touch this slave until he okays it." Frank said. "Besides you know the rules and escorted slave is never touched. Now the way I see it is you have two choices: tell him yourself or we will tell him."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Tell me what?" Master said as he opened his door. He walked right passed me without even looking at me.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I...I...I grrrabbbed her asss as she walked passed." The guy stammered.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Take her into my room while I handle this." Master said. I was escorted into the room. I could hear Master yelling at the guy. Frank and Joe lead me to the center of the room and walked away. The doors closed behind them. I could still hear Master yelling, but muffled. I hear several thuds. I looked around trying to not listen to the noises. There was a California King size bed in his room. A sofa in front of a 52" plasma television hanging on the wall. A fireplace faced the bed. A huge dragon rug covered the already carpeted floor. Master had a nightstand on each side of the bed. The left one was bear, while the other had a clock and a picture on it. I walked over to the picture and couldn't believe my eyes. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I jumped when I felt a hand on my shoulder. I spun around and saw Master. I dropped to my knees and stared at the floor. "Sorry, Master. I did not hear You come in. Forgive me, please" I begged.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Slave, I forgive you, but it won't happen again. The guy in the hall send his apology." Master said as he released my arms. He lifted my head to look into my eyes. "Why do you have those tears?" He said to me softly.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Master, your picture... Why do you still have it?" I said as tears started to fall. He picked it up and handed it to me. &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I told you, I would never give up and I didn't, YOU did and now you have no choice, but to stay and things will work this time. The tables are turned my princess. You no longer will be just handed things. You will earn the as I see fit." He said firmly 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I turned to look at the picture. There staring back at me was a familiar face. She was happily hugging a white teddy bear and opening a card. The teddy bear had the year 2000 embroidered on it's foot. This girl looked to be 16 and was lying on a bed wearing a blue tank top and jeans. That was Master's and my first Valentine's day together. I was only 18. What love we had for each other.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Master" I said a little sniffily.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Yes, slave" He said softly.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I never wanted it to end. I have loved you for the past 15 years. I will be the best I can be. you will see, Master. I know my place now. You will be proud of me. I am just so happy to be around you again." I finished with tear filled eyes looking at him.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I will make sure you do." He said as he got up and walked away to the door. "Tell the girls I will be down for dinner in an hour. Apologies to my guess when they arrive. Have Sandra clean up room two, please. Thank you." Master said as he closed the door. He walked over to me. He had me stand up and he kissed me. This kiss was so powerful. Even after being separated for five years our love was still there. As quickly as the kiss started it stopped. Master left me wanting more and weak knees. "Back down on all fours." Master's mood quickly changed at that moment. THWACK!

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"AHHHHHHHH" I screamed as I was thrown forward. My ass was suddenly on fire. THWACK! Again I was thrown forward as I tried bitting my lip. Tears came out of no where and fell like a waterfall. THWACK! "Oh GOD!" I screamed. It stopped. I saw the wooden paddle fall to the floor next to me. My ass felt as if someone was lighting it on fire. I felt Master slide behind me and shove his hard dick inside me. I let out a scream as his cock pierced my ass. I felt as though I was being torn in half. Every time Master would slam against my ass it burned and hurt even more. My hair was yanked back so far that I was looking at the ceiling. I then felt one of his hands squeeze my throat. He pounded harder and harder as I gasped for air. As a reflex I grabbed his hand when the room started to go black. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"BITCH! Don't touch me." He said in an angry voice that pierced right through me. "You will pay for crushing my heart. You will pay for it everyday." He let go of my throat and pulled out of me. He left me for just a moment. When he returned He shoved my face into his lap. I felt him shove something hard into my hole. It stretched me even more as it entered. It really hurt as it tour my skin even more. I sucked on his member as only I have done to him. Holding the tip of his cock in my mouth without hands as I drew it into my mouth by creating a vacuum inside my mouth. Gently massaging the sides with my tongue. Releasing his cock and starting over. Master did not last long with me this evening. I feel him cum inside my mouth. He quickly grabs my head and empties his load inside and pulls his dick out. He focus me to close my mouth as he tapes it shut. Forcing me to swallow every drop. SLAP! I was knocked to the floor with a thud. He had so much power behind his hand as it came in contact with my face. "You will pay!" Master said sternly. He locked my wrist back together behind me. He picked up my picture and placed it back on the nightstand. Master rolled me onto my back and stared at me. "You think I'm done with you tonight just wait." He said as he walked away. I laid on the floor with my hands behind me and my ass being painfully stretched. The pain hurt so much that I couldn't stop the tears. Only soft moans came from me as I tried to deal with the pain. Finally Master came back to my side. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Master is going to let me go now so I can sleep and be well rested for tonight." I thought to myself. Master was all dressed up. He looked just as hansom as he ever had. He picked me up and stood me in the bathroom. From the doorway you had a clear view of the bedroom. The tile floor was cold to the touch. Master reach into a drawer under the sink and pulled out this huge suction cup dildo. He slammed it against the floor and pulled on it. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Good. That won't come loose." He said with a grin. This thing had to be a good four inches in girth. Master looked at me. My eyes were fixed on this thing. I knew what he was going to make me do and I could only think of the pain I was already in. "I'll be nice, pet." Master said as he lubed up the massive cock. He then guided me over to it. I resisted a little, but Master ignored it. He knew I was scared. He had me kneel down so the cock was between my ankles. Helping me line it up Master forced me on top of it. I tried to scream out from the pain, but only a muffled noise came out. My body convulsed. I fought, pulling at the cuffs on my arms. My body was in so much pain. Both my holes where being torn by these objects. "SHHH, Shhhh. relax princess." He said staring into my eyes. The way he use to with all the love in the world. "Slave, relax, and it won't hurt as bad." His soothing words helped and slowly it did start to subside. Master ran a rope from the roof down and around my chest to help support me. He was afraid if I leaned forward my punishment would slip out. He kissed my forehead and said he was late for dinner, but he would be back.&nbsp; After an hour, my arms ached and my knees hurt against the groove of the tiles. That didn't stop the fatigue. I couldn't fight the over powering exhaustion. Before I knew it my head dropped forward and I was out.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;What only seemed to be five minutes, I awoke to the noise of Master's door. "Finally, Master has come and he will let me go. Then we can be together at last." I thought to myself. I was horrified that Master never looked at me. Instead Candice came into view. My heart dropped. I knew what he was going to do. Having to watch him with another girl always drove me crazy and hurt. Master was really upset at me this time and he was making it clear. I watched as he took her by the arm and leaned her over the bed. He took some lube and coated this double sided dildo. And started siding one side into her pussy. Pushing it farther and farther inside. I watched as it slowly slipped into her. She was moaning as she enjoyed the feeling of it. After ten inches were inside her she flinched and I heard a soft sigh. Master cruelly forced more and more inside her until she gripped the bed sheet trying to hold still from the pain.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Want more slut? Master said.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Yes, Master. The pain feels good." Candice said as she tried to hold back the tears in her voice. Still watching as Master took the other end and lubed it up. He lined the other end up with her pussy. His arm muscles tensed as he forced it inside her. Candice was straining to be still as the other side went deeper and deeper. "Relax, bitch. I'm not stopping tonight. It will go in. We have been too close the past few times." Master said as he slapped her ass. Inch by inch the double slid inside her. He stopped when only an inch hung out. It was bent and made it wider than what was already inside her. He grabbed her hair and said "Get ready." in a voice that puts chills in your bones. He slammed his hand between her legs with all his might. She let out a scream that I'm sure the neighbors heard. She came off the ground a good two inches and when she came down the double was nowhere to been seen. She collapsed to the floor crying. Master walked away from her as she begged for the dildo to be removed. Master just laughed. "Play with yourself. That will help." Master said cruelly as he watched her squirm and glanced over at me. She flicked and rubbed her clit furiously. She kept crying. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Master it isn't helping." Candice wailed.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"You are a whinny bitch tonight, aren't you?" Master said slightly angry. "I guess I'll have to fix that." He said as he got up from his lounge chair. Master crossed his room to his dresser and opened a drawer. Candice watched him in horror knowing she pushed our Master to far this time. Master returned to her side with cuffs and a ball gag. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Quickly Candice begged forgiveness. "Please Master don't. I'm sorry. I'll shut up now." She pleaded through tears barely able to get some words out. Master was acting as if he wasn't listening to her. He flipped her over onto her stomach and Candice automatically put her hands behind her back with her hands folded together. Master cuffed them there. Candice had turned into a wreck. She was crying so hard she couldn't breath. When I knew Master he was not mean enough to cause her to act like this. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Master grabbed her hair and pulled on it. "Open!" Master said harshly. Candice took a couple of deep breaths and opened her mouth as wide as she could. Master shoved the ball into place and then secured it. I felt a tear fall across my cheek as I watched the pain in her face. Yet I found myself hot and wet. Then having this enormous cock inside me didn't help. I was rocking back and forth as little as I could. "Slave, you are no being good tonight and you will be punished. That gag will stay in your mouth till I think you have learned to keep your mouth shut when it should be." Master picked up Candice and leaned her over a table in the room. She looked dead at me. She had this look of shock as if she didn't know I was there. I watched as Master picked up a paddle and swung it at Candice. A loud moan escaped from the gag in her mouth. Again THWAK! This time the table moved. I closed my eyes so I wouldn't have to look at the pain on her face. Her eyes cried out for help. THWACK! THWACK! After each slap a moan came out of her. Candice received four more blows before Master stopped. "Think you can be calmer now, slut?" Master's voice broke in "Good" I heard him say, so I guess she agreed. "Bitch open your eyes. I want you to watch me fuck this slut." Master said, knowing he was talking to me. I opened my eyes as he moved closer to Candice. I watched her face as he stood behind her. She tried to relax against the table as he ran his finger around her ass hole and inside it with lube. Her eyes shut tight as a sign Master had found her tight whole. Master had a big smile as he entered her. Candice was in so much pain I could only imagine. Watching her in that pain only made me wet. Having her pussy stretched so far and full and now her ass was full. Then Master's cock would hit the double and cause even more pain in her pussy. I felt myself rocking harder against the cock inside me. I felt the wetness against my thighs. Master reached under Candice and started rubbing her clit. She immediately started shaking and fighting the urge to cum. "I want you to cum, slut." No sooner did Master say cum Candice did. I watched as her inner thighs started to become shinny. Candice seemed to become limp, but Master wasn't having it. Three more times Candice was made to cum before he stopped. There was a puddle on the carpet where she stood. Master's legs started to tremble as they always had right before an orgasm. He quickly pulled out of her and walked towards me. He knew I couldn't stand it, and would fight, when he use to pull out of my ass and then made to suck him clean. Now was my chance to prove to Master I knew my place and that he is boss. He ripped the tape off my mouth with a grin. Then expecting a fight quickly shoved his cock deep into my throat before I could react. I gaged, having never really learning to swallow a cock. Master pulled back a little realizing I wasn't fighting, but still could not take him all. I ran my tongue along the sides of his cock and then forcing it against the roof of my mouth. I was getting it all wet and clean for him. I knew he wasn't going to last long and before I knew it I had swallowed a mouth full of his hot juice. "Godd bitch." Master said as he walked over to Candice who now had her eyes closed as if she had passed out. Master reached between her legs and cruelly pulled out the double as life sprang back into her. She flopped off the table and onto the floor and then she was back out. Master picked up the phone. "Frank, Candice needs help to her room." Master hung up the phone. He walked over to me and squatted down to me. Then with a smile kissed me. He stood back up and untied the rope around me. Master then released my arms. "You really do want to impress me. Don't you?" He asked as I rubbed my arms and hands.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Yes, Master. I have never been able to loose the love I have for you. When I am not near you I long for you." I said never looking up. Just then there was a knock on the door. Master answered it. Frank picked up Candice and threw her over his shoulder.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"What about the other one?" Joe asked.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"No she will stay here tonight. Oh, one last thing. When Candice is put in her room take the gag out so her jaw can rest, but lock the door. She is to talk to no one. When she is out of her room gag her. It is to be this way till I remove the gag myself. Tell Sandra she is allowed to take charge until Candice has learned her lesson." Master said. The door closed and Master came back to me. He picked up my arms and helped me up off the dildo. "Clean it off and start a bath. I'm dirty again." Master said as he walked to the television.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Yes Master." I said with all the love I have for him. I quickly got up and cleaned off both dildos and started running a hot relaxing bath for Master. While the giant tub filled I went to Master's side He was busy playing video games. "Master" I said quietly and waited for a response, I knelt on the floor next to him. While waiting I got up to turn off the water and came back to his side.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Yes pet?" Master finally said. Knowing full well he was testing me.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I have washed both the dildos but do not know where they go. Also your bath is ready." I said to Master.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"They go in the middle drawer of the dresser. I will be right there. Wait by the tub for me." He said as he continued to play.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Yes Master. Thank you." I said as I got up and put the toys away. When I opened the drawer it was filled with all kinds of toys. I would have like to spend some time looking at all Master had, but I didn't know how much longer Master would be playing and quickly closed the drawer and the doors. I went to the side of the tub and waited. A few minutes later Master came walking into the bathroom. He stopped at the tub. I quickly took his pants off and gave his cock a quick bath with my mouth again. Master patted my head and I knew I was winning him over. Master stepped into the tub while I knelt down next to the tub.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"My pet, there is plenty of room in here if you would like to join me" Master said as he sat down to relax in the tub.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Yes Master. I would love to join you. Thank you, Master." I said as I quickly stepped into the tub. Master then realized He had left the butt plug inside me.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Slave? Why did you not tell me that was still inside you? Does it not hurt?" Master asked knowing that having things left in my ass has always hurt and not having a high threshold for pain made it worse.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Yes Master. It stings a bit, but I will tolerate it and ignore it as best as I can until you say I can stop, Master. I did not know you had forgotten about it." I said softly as to not upset Master.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Come here, pet." Master said calmly. I went over to him. "Turn around." I turned so my ass was facing him. He reached up as I braced myself. Master tried to pull it out as gently as he could but it still hurt. I muffled my cry. "Okay my pet, come relax with me." Master said as he pulled gently on my arm. I nestled myself next to him as we started talking about the past five years. Throughout the conversation I washed Master thoroughly. At some point we ran out of things to say so I proceeded to give Master a blow job underwater. I could tell Master was pleased when he rewarded me by bending me over the side of the tub and slide into my pussy. I had finally felt his hard cock between my lips for the first time in years and went into ecstasy. It felt as though we where the only ones in the world at that moment. I wanted to beg for more when Master was done, but I could tell he wanted to go to bed. I dried Master off and as he went to bed I cleaned the other toy and drained the tub. Master was so pleased with me he allowed me to sleep in the bed with him. I snuggled next to him with my ass towards him and drifted off the sleep quickly.





To be continued...





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  pyxzie


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





