BDSM Library - Bondage Bride




Bondage Bride
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Shawna has an unconventional bondage wedding - and honeymoon.         






Story: Bondage Bride (fsub spank bond)



There were only a few friends at the wedding.&nbsp; Family just would

not have understood.&nbsp; The bride got all the attention.&nbsp; Not only

was Shawna beautiful -- she had walked down the aisle with her

gloved hands cuffed behind her.&nbsp; She was also deliriously happy. 

Her bridal veil covered her face, and her white wedding dress was

a touch on the modern side - low cut in front to show some

cleavage, and the hem settled just above her knees.&nbsp; She had

meticulously shaved her legs the night before, and they were

supple and smooth.&nbsp; Her bare ankles had leather cuffs around

them, though they were not bound together.&nbsp; Right now, it was

symbolic.



Yes, it was an unconventional wedding, and she had participated

in writing the script for the ceremony.&nbsp; It was replete with

phrases about her willing and joyful submission.



Her new husband lifted her veil and saw a very happy and proud

woman.&nbsp; Her straight dark hair nicely framed her face and she had

tastefully applied lipstick.&nbsp; Her shining eyes conveyed trust and

surrender.&nbsp; He drew near, and she slightly puckered her lips. 

Her insides quaked when their lips touched.&nbsp; He pressed in, and

the nonverbal message that he conveyed was that consummation was

near.&nbsp; It was what she had been waiting for.



They immediately retreated to the reception.&nbsp; They were both

eager to have the reception over with.&nbsp; She wanted to experience

her new plateau of submission that he had promised.



Her eagerness stemmed from events several months earlier.&nbsp; Shawna

had always been a submissive, with fantasies of being

disciplined.&nbsp; Playful spanking with her boyfriend led to heavier

things, and when he got her over his lap one time and paddled her

hard, her body language (as well as the way she kicked her legs

and wiggled) told him that this was likely to be a regular part

of their relationship.&nbsp; She recalled the stratospheric orgasm she

attained when he first placed his mouth on her brunette pussy

after a hard paddling, and how she begged for more.



He was also unusual in another way.&nbsp; He refrained from vaginal

intercourse, telling her that he would do that when they were

married, but not before.&nbsp; It was, to him, a dominance thing. 

Neither of them were virgins - he at 29 years old, and she at 27,

had both had several past lovers.&nbsp; They did engage in sex play -

there was no doubt in Shawna's mind of his virility when his cock

erupted in her mouth and she swallowed pulse after pulse of hot

semen.&nbsp; She had begged him to fuck her, and had come close to

breaking down his will to refrain on a few occasions.&nbsp; Her

delectable pussy, framed by shapely hips and willowy smooth legs,

almost got him to plunge inside her.&nbsp; But at the last minute he

brought his will to the fore, and instead turned her over and

severely leathered her backside with a strap.



She kept begging him to fuck her, and he kept refusing.&nbsp; Finally,

he suggested marriage and she happily accepted.



The bondage became more intense.&nbsp; Many times he tied her spread-eagled on the bed and drove her half crazy with his mouth on her

pussy.&nbsp; This was inevitably followed by a spurting ejaculation in

her mouth or all over her breasts.&nbsp; He loved seeing her lips

close around his meaty erection, and her eyes - those excited

eyes always brought him off sooner than he wanted.



She readily agreed to his ideas of a "bondage wedding", where she

would be bound as much as practicable during the ceremony and

reception.&nbsp; About two weeks prior to the ceremony, he told her

that on their wedding night she would be whipped before the

consummation.&nbsp; He also told her how he was going to take her: 

"After you've been whipped, you'll be tied down on the bed.&nbsp; I'm

going to savagely fuck you until I'm spent.&nbsp; I'll grasp your hips

with my hands and open your pussy.&nbsp; Then I'm going to plunge

inside you and have my way with you.&nbsp; You should make sure you're

ready to accommodate me like that.&nbsp; Also, I want Jennifer to give

you enemas that day until you're completely clean."



Jennifer was a mutual friend, and the woman that Shawna selected

as her maid of honor.



The wedding reception also was unconventional by usual standards. 

Shawna's dress had been pulled down to her waist to expose her

breasts; her hands were bound behind her, and the blonde Jennifer

helped her eat by feeding her small portions from a fork.&nbsp; When

it was time to cut the cake, it was placed in front of Shawna and

she clumsily made the first cut by holding the knife handle in

her mouth.&nbsp; After they had some cake, the new bridegroom smeared

some frosting on Shawna's nipples, causing her to be the center

of attention for the remainder of the reception, which she

greatly enjoyed.



As the reception wound down, Jennifer recalled with a smile her

administering Shawna's enemas that morning.&nbsp; She got explicit

directions from Shawna's boyfriend about the number of enemas

(two), the nozzle (use a douche nozzle), lubricant (he furnished

the lubricant), temperature of the water (100 degrees exactly),

and length of retention (5 to 10 minutes).&nbsp; Jennifer almost

giggled aloud when she remembered the various faces that Shawna

made when receiving the enemas and struggling to hold them.&nbsp; She

didn't know exactly why he insisted that she give Shawna the

enemas instead of instructing the bride-to-be to give them to

herself.



As the reception ended, Jennifer quietly slipped away and

performed her next task.&nbsp; About an hour later Shawna and her new

husband arrived at the secluded house about 20 miles outside the

city limits.&nbsp; The guest house was owned by a woman who was into

the bondage scene, and she rented it out for events such as

these.&nbsp; The door was unlocked, and Jennifer welcomed them in. 

Her eyes showed the excitement that the three of them felt.



Shawna's arousal from anticipating the forthcoming consummation

resulted in very damp panties.&nbsp; Her husband maintained a stiff

erection all the way over to the house.



They entered the spacious bedroom.&nbsp; The large sturdy bed was

outfitted with heavy posts at the corners.&nbsp; There were rings and

hooks spaced regularly across the ceiling.&nbsp; In one corner of the

room was a box with ropes, cords, binding straps, and chains of

varying lengths.



"Okay, ladies," the groom said, "It's time for the festivities to

begin.&nbsp; Jennifer, please remove all your clothes.&nbsp; Then I want

you to get Shawna naked except for her bridal veil."



While the two ladies were occupied, he removed all his clothes. 

A sturdy erection sprang from his midsection.&nbsp; His raven-haired

bride stood before the bed, and her friend Jennifer was by her

side.&nbsp; He stared at Jennifer's blonde pussy, then at his bride's

naked form.



"Shawna, you are so very beautiful.&nbsp; It's all I can do to resist

taking you right now."



She blushed.



"Jennifer, please bind her wrists in a crossed position and stand

her halfway between the foot of the bed and the wall, facing me. 

I'd like her arms raised over her head and secured that way. 

Have her keep her bridal veil."



He lay on the bed, propped up on several pillows, and watched as

Jennifer prepared Shawna.&nbsp; His erection hardened as he took in

the arousing spectacle of a beautiful nude and dominant blonde

preparing a new submissive bride to be whipped.



Shawna, herself aroused, almost did not feel some of her profuse

natural lubricant escape from her pussy and trickle down her

legs.&nbsp; 



She presented a delectable sight - nude but for her veil covering

her face, and her bound wrists high above her head.



"Now, Jennifer, I want you to whip her between her waist and her

knees with the three-thonged martinet."



Jennifer, her vagina now tingling with arousal, fetched the

instrument of discipline.&nbsp; She returned holding a beautifully

crafted whip.&nbsp; She grasped it by the polished eight inch wooden

handle from which emerged three leather strands about eighteen

inches each.&nbsp; She walked behind Shawna and positioned herself so

that the martinet would cover the maximum area.



The naked and aroused groom nodded to Jennifer.&nbsp; She smiled

slightly, drew the whip back, and with her gaze focused on

Shawna's nether cheeks, swung the whip forward and followed

through until it had completely swiped across the bound bride.



Shawna jerked her midsection forward and threw her head back.



"Aaaaaaaaah!&nbsp; Ahhhhhh!"



Jennifer waited a few seconds and snapped the martinet across the

upper part of Shawna's bottom.



"Aaaaaaah! Ohhhhhhh!" she yelled and twisted in her restraints. 

She vigorously kicked her legs and pumped her hips in a futile

attempt to alleviate the pain.



The striating martinet again swiped across her backside.&nbsp; She

yelled louder and kicked vigorously as the cumulative stripes

demanded her attention.



Jennifer kept whipping.&nbsp; She pressed her lips firmly together as

she got into her role.&nbsp; Shawna begged her new husband to make it

stop.&nbsp; She twisted.&nbsp; She kicked.&nbsp; She danced.&nbsp; She bucked.&nbsp; He

kept watching, and Jennifer kept whipping.



Finally, he held his hand up, and Jennifer stopped.



A few whip marks were visible from the front where the tails of

the martinet had wrapped around Shawna's waist.&nbsp; Her husband got

up, went over to her and inserted a finger into her pussy.&nbsp; She

gasped, and then squirmed as he worked it around inside her. 

When he pulled out, his finger was thickly coated with her

natural feminine juices.&nbsp; He smeared some on her nipples and then

kissed and nibbled on them until the pleasure from it almost

overcame the pain from Jennifer's whip.



After a few moments of this, he arranged two pillows in the

center of the bed, and asked Jennifer to help get Shawna

positioned.&nbsp; The blonde bridesmaid released the restraints, and

they led Shawna to the bed.&nbsp; She lay face up, and the pillows

under her hips accentuated her attractive midsection.&nbsp; She

willingly spread her legs, and her own natural lubricant

glistened on her labia.&nbsp; Jennifer tied the bride's wrists well

apart, and did the same to her spread ankles.



Jennifer stepped back and stood silently, watching.&nbsp; The

feverishly aroused bridegroom climbed on the bed between his

bride's spread legs.&nbsp; His meaty erection seeped pre-cum.&nbsp; Her

nakedness was accentuated by the bridal veil over her face.&nbsp; Her

excited eyes were open wide, and she displayed an aroused smile

of anticipation.



He gently lifted the bottom of the veil and exposed his bride's

sensuous mouth.&nbsp; His hands went to her hips.&nbsp; He spread the

captive bride's labia apart and, resisting for a moment his urge

to go ahead and enter her, gazed at the glistening womanhood that

longed to receive him.



He guided the tip of his cock to her entrance.&nbsp; She was breathing

hard, her mouth wide open, and her hips imperceptibly rose to

meet his erection.&nbsp; A short pause, and then he quickly drove his

cock into his bride.&nbsp; It brusquely spread her insides apart as he

quickly sank it in as far as it would go.



"AAAAAAAAH!"&nbsp; Her exclamation filled the room.



He fell forward and they were chest to chest.&nbsp; Sounds of "Uh! Uh! 

Uh!" came from both of them as he repeatedly slammed his cock

into her pussy.&nbsp; After scarcely a half minute, he spurted

uncontrollably.&nbsp; He pressed his mouth on hers and they kissed

long and furiously as his ejaculation spurted into her.



After a few moments he pulled out.&nbsp; A string of translucent cream

oozed from his raven-haired bride.&nbsp; He asked Jennifer to turn her

over and bind her, this time with her legs together.



He took in the delectable sight of his face-down brunette bride,

arms spread wide, legs together, hips raised by pillows, with

fresh striations from the whip on her waist and bottom.&nbsp; Jennifer

had long since become orgasmically aroused by her participation,

and her blonde pussy made it apparent.&nbsp; She sensed what was

coming next, picked up a tube of lubricant and handed it to the

aroused bridegroom.&nbsp; He spread Shawna's nether cheeks and

inserted some lubricant.&nbsp; She squirmed as he did this.&nbsp; Jennifer

stood close by - she wanted to observe.



Shawna became frightened when she felt her hind cheeks spread

apart, and the tip of her new husband's revived erection at her

rear portal as he prepared to enter her.



"Ohhhhh," she moaned as he slowly and firmly pushed in about an

inch.&nbsp; His quivering cock stayed there a moment.&nbsp; Then he could

not further restrain himself, and with his hands firmly gripping

Shawna's waist, sank his cock all the way to the hilt, taking

only a few seconds.



"Uhhhhhh-AAAAAAAAAAAH!"



"Shawna," he whispered hoarsely.&nbsp; "Shawna, that feels so good!"



"Oh, I feel so full!" she replied.



"Are you okay?"



"Yes!&nbsp; Yes!&nbsp; It's okay...&nbsp; Fuck me.&nbsp; Please fuck me!"&nbsp; She

couldn't believe she had uttered those words, particularly in

front of Jennifer.&nbsp; In a way, she wished that Jennifer wasn't in

the room; and in another way, Jennifer's presence was

titillating.



Shawna groaned raucously as the bridegroom's hard cock slithered

and snaked in and out.&nbsp; After a moment of getting the right

penetration and tempo, he abandoned all restraint.&nbsp; Shawna

reacted predictably - open-mouthed shouts, clenched fists,

twisting and writhing.&nbsp; As strong male hands tightly gripped her

hips, she felt the cock within her become harder and enlarge

still more.&nbsp; She knew he was near squirting again.&nbsp; She heard a

groan, and the pumping became more frenzied.&nbsp; Her sensitive nerve

endings felt every ejaculatory squirt, even as the hard cock

continued its relentless pounding.&nbsp; Her outcries became almost

continuous throughout the lengthy ejaculation.&nbsp; Finally, he

stopped pumping, and settled inside her as far as he could go. 

They both panted deeply for a moment, and an occasional squirt

ejected into her well pounded portal.



He pulled out, and Jennifer asked sweetly, "You're not spent yet,

are you?"



"Oh heck no," he said, "I've been saving up for ten days.&nbsp; Next

I'm going to do her pussy with her bound as she is."



"Here, let me help get you ready," Jennifer smiled, and grasped

his cock with both hands.&nbsp; She lightly touched, stroked, and

manipulated the cock until it became erect.&nbsp; Then with a coy

smile she let go.



"I think Shawna should pleasure you while I do her," he stated,

as if reading her mind.&nbsp; "Go ahead and get yourself situated."



Shawna groaned.&nbsp; Jennifer climbed on the bed and positioned her

hips so that her damp mound was directly in front of Shawna's

face.&nbsp; Her legs were alongside Shawna's ribs, and her feet were

against the sides of the prone bride's hips.&nbsp; Then she grasped

the bound bride's face and pulled forward until her pussy lips

were almost in contact with Shawna's mouth.&nbsp; Her pussy was damp

from arousal, and her labia glistened.&nbsp; She saw the bridegroom

prepare to enter.



"Shawna," he said, "You can start working on Jennifer's pussy. 

She deserves some pleasure for all the help she's given us.&nbsp; Be

sure to give her some good orgasms - I'll pleasure her if you

don't."&nbsp; With that, he shoved his re-hardened cock into his

bride's tight sloppily wet pussy.



"Ohhhh!" she gasped.



Jennifer gently pressed Shawna's face against her aroused pussy. 

She shuddered when Shawna's mouth made contact.&nbsp; After some

gentle kissing, Shawna became more enthusiastic and licked,

kissed, and sucked.&nbsp; The bridegroom's constant thrusting pushed

her face against Jennifer's pubic mound with a regular tempo, and

Shawna took advantage of that to plant short kisses on her

bridesmaid's pussy.



Jennifer gritted her teeth and threw her head back.&nbsp; Then she

roughly pulled Shawna's face into her crotch.&nbsp; The thrusting

became more intense and Shawna gasped an occasional "Ahh!" when

her mouth was not pressed hard against the blonde's pussy.&nbsp; The

thrusting bridegroom grasped Jennifer's legs for leverage, and

pounded into Shawna.&nbsp; His cock hardened as he approached his

third ejaculation.



Softly, Jennifer moaned.&nbsp; Then, increasing in volume, she let

herself go and her open-mouthed exclamations penetrated the room. 

She pumped her hips wildly at the same time that the bridegroom

began spurting into Shawna.&nbsp; He exclaimed loudly, and brusquely

pounded his bride's pussy as his cock pulsed and throbbed,

injecting fresh semen into her.



They rested a few moments.&nbsp; Shawna's pubic area was covered with

the blended juices of her own arousal and the recent ejaculations

of her new husband; her face was smeared with Jennifer's pussy

glaze.&nbsp; Jennifer's pubic area and inner thighs glistened with

feminine lubricant and sweat.



They released Shawna's restraints.&nbsp; She appeared weary and at the

same time contented - she had been through a lot - the whipping,

a good fucking, and orally servicing another woman.&nbsp; She removed

her disheveled bridal veil, and even then her raven hair

attractively framed her face.&nbsp; They sipped champagne for a while.



The libations increased the excitement of the wedding night, and

sexual arousal again permeated their mood.



When Shawna laughed heartily at something said, and lay back on

the bed, the bridegroom kissed her; Jennifer, feeling playful,

put her hand on Shawna's raven-haired pubic bush and ran her

fingers all over the bride's creamy pussy.&nbsp; Shawna moaned

sensuously, and Jennifer increased her efforts.&nbsp; It did not take

long for the bride to erupt in a tumultuous orgasm.



That gave Shawna's new husband an idea.&nbsp; He told Jennifer to keep

on stimulating his bride's pussy.&nbsp; Then he pinned her down at the

shoulders and kissed her repeatedly while her friend kept on with

the vaginal stimulation.&nbsp; Her reaction was thrilling - between

kisses she couldn't keep from open-mouthed exclamations of

pleasure, and went through several orgasms over the period of

twenty minutes.



Shawna and her husband felt spent, although Jennifer was still

excited.&nbsp; The couple drifted off to sleep, and Jennifer decided

to rest until she had some word on whether they wanted her to

stay.&nbsp; About an hour later she was very tired and since the bed

was big, she lay down on it and closed her eyes.



Later she was awakened by a rhythmic motion of the bed.&nbsp; In the

dim light she observed Shawna straddling her husband's hips.&nbsp; He

was either asleep or lying there with his eyes closed.&nbsp; Shawna

had not noticed Jennifer's awakening, and was repeatedly enjoying

the full length of her husband's meaty cock.&nbsp; The sight of the

bride's sloppily wet pussy being spread apart by the large

erection aroused Jennifer beyond words.



Shawna gasped when she saw Jennifer move.&nbsp; She did not stop

pumping her hips, though - she was too aroused.&nbsp; Jennifer sat up

on the bed and gingerly placed her hands on the beautiful bride's

breasts.&nbsp; Shawna opened her mouth and threw her head back,

enjoying the sensations.&nbsp; After a few moments Jennifer removed

her hands from the bride's breasts, and straddled the prone

bridegroom's mouth while facing Shawna.



Shawna's husband opened his eyes and was immediately treated to

the sight of Jennifer's pussy, close up.&nbsp; He smiled, and lightly

licked the blonde's delectable labia.&nbsp; She knew that she had

gotten his attention, and grasped Shawna's shoulders.&nbsp; Jennifer

closed her eyes and held onto Shawna as her pussy attracted more

enthusiastic kissing.



Shawna smiled when she felt her new husband's cock swelling up

within her.



The bridegroom felt the gradual and inevitable buildup of his

impending orgasm.&nbsp; He grasped Jennifer's hips and brusquely

pulled toward him and firmly planted her pussy on his mouth.&nbsp; He

excitedly and forcefully kissed the blonde girl's sloppy and

creamy pussy as she moaned aloud.&nbsp; Then he could no longer

withstand the intense stimulation.&nbsp; His insides clenched, his

cock swelled up, he yelled out, "Unnnnmffff!", and spurted with

total abandon inside his new bride while aggressively kissing

Jennifer's pussy.



That was enough for Shawna - causing the cock inside her to spew

forth after the long ride pushed her over the edge.&nbsp; She ground

her hips into his as she exclaimed, knowing that her lover was

spurting.



"Dammit, dammit, dammit!" Jennifer exclaimed after Shawna and her

new bridegroom finished their orgasmic paroxysms.&nbsp; "I was so

close!"



"Shawna," the husband said, "Make Jennifer cum - with your mouth. 

Jennifer, you have free reign."



Jennifer got on her back and spread her legs.&nbsp; Her creamy pussy

radiated sensual heat, and she beckoned Shawna with her finger. 

Her eyes were wide with excitement, and she moaned when the

bride's mouth contacted her pussy.



"Come on, Shawna," Jennifer exclaimed, "Suck my pussy like you

mean it!"



She grasped Shawna's head and pulled it toward her pussy.



"Mmmmmmf!&nbsp; Mnnnmmmf!" Shawna uttered in muffled sounds.



Jennifer gritted her teeth and kept Shawna's face between her

legs.&nbsp; Her lust consumed her as she thought of the ways she had

dominated Shawna that night, and of the groom's mouth on her

pussy.&nbsp; Shawna continued for all she was worth, and in a short

time Jennifer treated all present to the sounds and sight of an

all-consuming orgasm.



Spent and satiated, the three of them slept soundly until mid-morning.&nbsp; After breakfast at a nearby restaurant, Shawna's new

husband asked Jennifer if she would return that evening.&nbsp; He gave

her a sealed envelope that he said had instructions.&nbsp; With a

knowing smile, Jennifer assured them that she'd be back.



After a leisurely day in which Shawna's new husband sensually

teased her to the point of distraction, they had dinner in a

small place in a nearby town.



When the newlyweds returned to their lodging, Jennifer was there. 

She was in a skimpy bikini, and had been sunbathing.



Shawna's husband spoke to his bride.



"Okay, my dear - I want Jennifer to give you an enema.&nbsp; I'll

watch, of course, and then you'll get cleaned up while we discuss

what to do with you.&nbsp; Jennifer, she's all yours."



Shawna appeared nervous.&nbsp; She concluded that her forthcoming

enema meant that there would be more anal play.&nbsp; She also

recalled the humiliation of receiving an enema from Jennifer on

the morning of her wedding day.&nbsp; This time, her husband was going

to be watching!



"Come on, Shawna, let's go to the bedroom."



Jennifer led the way, and turned around when they were in the

bedroom.



"All your clothes off, now," she ordered.



While Shawna undressed, her husband also removed his clothing. 

His cock stood straight out.&nbsp; Shawna's insides tingled with

desire - she wanted the be on her back, feeling his cock plunge

in and out.&nbsp; She gazed at his cock and visualized healthy spurts

of semen being propelled into her aroused womanhood.



Jennifer spread a large towel on the floor in front of the bed.



"Okay, Shawna - kneel down on the towel with your hands behind

your back.&nbsp; That's it.&nbsp; Now touch your forehead to the towel. 

Keep your hands behind your back until I let you up.&nbsp; Good.&nbsp; Now

stay there while I prepare your enema."



Jennifer went in the other room while Shawna contemplated her

predicament.&nbsp; The bride and her husband heard the sound of

running water for a few moments.&nbsp; After a pause, Jennifer

returned with a bulging red enema bag.&nbsp; A lubricated douche

nozzle protruded ominously from the attached hose.



The new bridegroom walked over to help.&nbsp; He spread Shawna's

nether cheeks while Jennifer inserted the nozzle.&nbsp; Shawna gasped

at the intrusion.&nbsp; Jennifer looked at his hard erection and

smiled.&nbsp; Then she released the hose clamp and started the enema.



Shawna moaned.&nbsp; Then, as the enema relentlessly filled her up,

her reaction became more and more spirited.



"Uhhhhh...&nbsp; Ahhhh... OHHHHH!&nbsp; AHHHH!&nbsp; Mmmmmmmmm!&nbsp; Uhnnnnn!&nbsp; Oh-God-I'm-full!&nbsp; Ohhh!"



"Keep your head down, Shawna!" Jennifer encouraged.&nbsp; "Come on -

keep your hands behind your back, or I'll tie them together."



Shawna writhed and squirmed.&nbsp; Her struggle with the enema

presented an erotic spectacle to her husband and Jennifer.&nbsp; When

the enema bag had emptied its payload into the dark-haired bride,

Jennifer told her to stay and retain it for a few minutes. 

Shawna continued to moan and squirm.&nbsp; After several minutes of

retention, Jennifer told her to get rid of the enema and to get

cleaned up in the shower afterward.



After a considerable while, Shawna returned to the bedroom.



Jennifer had put on a strap-on harness.&nbsp; Its gel probe dangled

between her legs.&nbsp; There was no doubt what she was going to do

with it.



"Shawna," the bridegroom instructed, "bring the ottoman in here

from the other room.&nbsp; Then spread a towel over it."



The nude bride did as instructed.



"Now I want you to put your bridal veil on."



Shawna proudly donned her veil.&nbsp; She was stunningly beautiful.



"Now, position yourself over the ottoman.&nbsp; I want Jennifer to

take you with her strap-on."



The beautiful raven-haired bride anxiously knelt before the

ottoman and leaned over so that her chest was in contact with the

top of it and her bottom was presented and accessible to

Jennifer.



The groom sat on the floor in front of Shawna and grasped her

face in both his hands.&nbsp; "Spread your legs so Jennifer can get at

you," he instructed.&nbsp; Shawna opened her knees.



"Okay, Jennifer - give it to her in the tail - and give it to her

good."



Jennifer knelt between Shawna's spread legs and inserted

lubricant into Shawna's back portal.&nbsp; She did that three times to

ensure that she was well lubricated back there.&nbsp; Then she

generously lubricated her own strap-on probe.&nbsp; She was aroused at

her imminent use of it on the submissive bride before her.



Shawna pressed her lips together when she felt Jennifer spread

her vulnerable nether cheeks.&nbsp; Her eyes opened wide when she felt

the tip of the tool against her portal.&nbsp; She silently opened her

mouth when Jennifer pushed the tip of the probe into her about an

inch.



Then Jennifer worked the probe into Shawna by giving short

strokes, going in a little deeper with each one.&nbsp; Shawna

whimpered at first, and then gave more raucous "Aaaah!" sounds.



Her husband was aroused almost to distraction.&nbsp; His erection

throbbed and seeped while watching his new bride get taken in the

tail with a strap-on.&nbsp; Jennifer now gave long, deep strokes, and

Shawna reacted accordingly, voicing an exuberant "Ahhhhhhhhhhh!"

with each intrusion and occasionally squirming.



After a few moments Jennifer pulled out and spread more lubricant

on her probe, and re-entered Shawna.



"I'm going to go faster, dear," she said, and firmly grasped the

bride's hips as she penetrated.&nbsp; Her face showed her excitement

and arousal as she worked the probe in all the way.&nbsp; Then she

pumped faster and harder.&nbsp; Shawna's eyes widened.



"AAAH!&nbsp; AAAH!&nbsp; OH!&nbsp; AAH!&nbsp; AAH! ..."



Shawna's husband brought his mouth to hers and pressed in for

kisses as she surrendered to Jennifer's spirited fucking.&nbsp; Her

cries were muffled from the mouth-to-mouth contact, and her lips

felt heavenly to her husband.



After a few moments he released his hold on her and stood up.&nbsp; He

walked behind Shawna so that he could see Jennifer pumping the

strap-on into her.



"Keep going," he encouraged.



Jennifer pumped harder, and Shawna began to beg for relief.



"Aaaugh!&nbsp; Please!&nbsp; Uhhh!&nbsp;&nbsp; Ohhhh!&nbsp; Please-Please!&nbsp; Ohhhh!"



Jennifer continued her vigorous pumping for a while, and finally

the groom held up his hand.&nbsp; Jennifer stopped and pulled out.



Shawna panted with relief.



"Stay there, Shawna," her husband instructed.&nbsp; "Now it's my

turn."



Jennifer stood in front of the bride and watched while the

husband knelt between Shawna's knees as Jennifer had previously

done.



The bride's portal was already well lubricated.&nbsp; He spread her

nether cheeks, and in an instant he entered her.



"Uhhh!"



He tightly gripped his bride's hips and pumped.&nbsp; Each stroke was

complete and full.



"Mmmm!&nbsp; Ahhhh!&nbsp; Oooooh!&nbsp; Ohhhhh! Ahhhhh!"



He pumped faster and harder - and a moment or so later, he

erupted inside her and spewed forth the day's erotic tension in

his new bride while Jennifer looked on.



"That was good, Shawna," he said.&nbsp; The three of them showered

together, and all the touching and mutual affection they felt for

each other had them intensely aroused afterward.&nbsp; As they dried

off, Jennifer coyly asked the groom, "You're not out of ideas,

are you?"



"Not at all," he replied.



He propped some pillows at the head of the bed and positioned

himself on one side, face up, partly sitting up.&nbsp; He spread his

legs, and his turgid member came to life.



"Jennifer, come lay by my side," he instructed, and she readily

complied.&nbsp; "Spread your legs, Jennifer."



Her blonde mat nicely framed her creamy labia.



"Shawna, my dear, I want you to use your mouth to satisfy us -

work on Jennifer for a couple minutes, then on me, alternating

like that.&nbsp; You can bring her to orgasm, but do not make me

ejaculate."



Jennifer's eyes brightened, as did her excited smile.&nbsp; She

squirmed in anticipation as Shawna climbed on the bed and

prepared to eat pussy.&nbsp; Her mouth made contact, and Jennifer

moaned sensuously.&nbsp; After a couple of minutes, she withdrew and

turned her oral attention to her husband.&nbsp; She made slurping

sounds as she tongued and sucked on his shaft.&nbsp; It excited him to

know that his bride's mouth had been on the beautiful blonde

Jennifer's pussy and was now wrapped around his cock.&nbsp; Shawna

kept up her attentions for a couple of minutes, and then, with a

gleam in her eyes, withdrew.



She gave Jennifer an orgasm with her mouth, and then went back to

her groom.&nbsp; He desperately wanted to erupt in her mouth as he had

done countless times before the wedding.&nbsp; He brought his

attention to the fore, and figured that if he could hold out, the

rewards would be worth the wait.&nbsp; Shawna serviced them four times

each before her husband told her that was enough.



Both women looked to the bridegroom for direction on what was

next.&nbsp; He smiled slightly and said, Shawna, put on your wedding

dress and bridal veil.&nbsp; Without panties."



Shawna, her insides fluttering, complied, and when she had done

as instructed, her husband spoke to Jennifer.



"Please bind her standing up, with her arms above her, and her

ankles about a foot apart.&nbsp; Leave some room in front and behind

her.&nbsp; Before you bind her, pull the top of her dress down to her

waist.&nbsp; And make sure her knees are bent."



Jennifer silently grasped Shawna by the hand and led her to the

center of the unoccupied area of the room, as a governess would

lead her naughty and errant charge.&nbsp; Shawna submitted as Jennifer

pulled her wedding dress down to her waist, baring her breasts

and back.&nbsp; Then she bound Shawna's wrists and threaded the

binding straps through ceiling hooks so that her wrists were

spread wide.&nbsp; The bride's knees were bent, and her husband then

went behind her and had her step back until her legs were

straight.&nbsp; Thus positioned, she was leaning forward with her tail

end projected to the rear.



Shawna's husband then inserted his finger in her pussy and probed

while she squirmed.&nbsp; After her pussy became creamy and he became

erect again, he firmly grasped her hips and entered her.&nbsp; He took

long thrusts as his bride became more aroused.



"Okay, Jennifer.&nbsp; Please get the two-thronged martinet and whip

her breasts."



"No!&nbsp; Not on my breasts, please!" Shawna begged while her husband

pumped his boner in and out.



He stopped pumping and stayed nestled inside his bride when

Jennifer retrieved the martinet and stood in front.&nbsp; As he

maintained a firm grasp on her hips he nodded at Jennifer.&nbsp; She

stepped to one side, pressed her lips together and whipped the

martinet firmly across Shawna's bare breasts.



"AAAAAAH!" Shawna shouted, and jerked in her bonds.&nbsp; Jennifer

whipped again.



"AAAAAARGH!"&nbsp; She kicked her legs.



Jennifer kept whipping.&nbsp; Shawna shouted and begged.&nbsp; Her furious

kicking and attempts to wiggle only stimulated her husband.&nbsp; His

hard cock nestled inside her amid her movements had some

mitigating effect on her fervent wish that Jennifer would put

down the whip.



Jennifer, however, continued to whip.&nbsp; Some of the strokes swiped

across the bride's midsection and belly.&nbsp; Shawna's kicking,

shouting and writhing eventually brought her husband across the

line, and he spurted wildly inside her.&nbsp; Only then did Jennifer's

whip cease its striating kisses.



The three of them took another shower together.&nbsp; Soapy hands from

each of them wandered about the bodies of the others.&nbsp; Naughty

giggles permeated the air.&nbsp; Shawna, at one point, blurted out

that she would like to watch her husband fuck Jennifer.&nbsp; It was

apparent from his immediate assent that he would oblige his

bride, and have some fun with the setting.



None of the three of them put any clothes on after their shower. 

The lone male in the group rather liked to be naked around two

other attractive women, and the women liked to subtly tease him

to erection.&nbsp; The thought of being inside Jennifer's pussy kept

him almost constantly hard.



After they rested for a while, he spoke.&nbsp; "Jennifer, please bring

the double ball gag and several binding straps."



"Uh-oh," Jennifer whispered as she got up.&nbsp; She did not have to

use much imagination to figure out how the double ball gag was

going to be used.



When Jennifer had fetched the requisite items, Shawna's husband

told the two women to kneel on the bed, front to front with their

breasts in contact.&nbsp; He noticed that Jennifer willingly opened

her mouth to receive one end of the ball gag, and he fastened its

binding strap around her head.&nbsp; He had Shawna take the other end

in her mouth and he tightened it.&nbsp; The females' mouths were

separated by only a few inches, as if locked in a sustained kiss. 

Next, he placed a pillow between their hips and bound them

together at the waist, and then had them lie on the bed so that

Jennifer was face down on top of Shawna.



"Spread your legs, girls," he ordered.



Both women moaned through their gags as they spread.



He knelt between the ladies' knees and lightly stroked Jennifer's

labia.&nbsp; She moaned sensuously.&nbsp; He noticed that her pussy was

profusely lubricated with her own cream.



"Okay, Jennifer, I'm going to go inside you now," he said, and

spread apart her labia.&nbsp; He placed the tip of his erection

against her vaginal portal and steadily pushed until he was all

the way in.



"Mmmmmmmmmf!" she moaned in pleasure.



He pumped continuously while both Jennifer and Shawna moaned and

exclaimed through their gags.&nbsp; Since he had ejaculated earlier,

he was able to last a considerable while even though he was

greatly aroused.



He pumped harder and harder, and finally, amid the excited

muffled groans of the two tied women, he spurted wildly inside

Jennifer.



Such was the culmination of the honeymoon wekend that the

newlyweds and their friend Jennifer enjoyed.



Shawna's husband displayed much more closeness and affection to

her when they were by themselves in their own bedroom compared to

the times the three of them were together.&nbsp; He liked to lap on

her black-haired pussy for extended periods of time and inhale

her natural fragrance.&nbsp; This, of course, drove her to some wild

orgasms.&nbsp; Then there was long, deep, and sensuous intercourse. 

Shawna loved to lie spread-legged on the bed, moaning in pleasure

while her husband's hard cock thrust in her pussy again and

again.&nbsp; She loved accepting him inside, feeling his cock spread

her inner vaginal walls.&nbsp; She loved turning over face down and

surrendering her nether portal to his ragingly hard cock, moaning

as he filled her up.&nbsp; Her stomach fluttered when he ejaculated

inside her.&nbsp; She always looked forward to his hands tightly

grasping her hips as he plowed and pounded, knowing that he was

spurting inside her with abandon.



The three of them got together at the bondage house one weekend

every month for similar play.&nbsp; Although Jennifer frequently

wielded the whip and had Shawna begging, kicking and squirming

while her aroused husband watched, the two women developed a deep

affection for each other.&nbsp; In the privacy of the room they

frequently exchanged lingering kisses, their lips pressing in,

and their naked arms around each other.&nbsp; Shawna was as likely to

go to sleep in Jennifer's arms as she was to drop off snuggled up

to her husband.



The zenith of the weekend always had Shawna's husband entering

Jennifer and pleasuring her with his hard cock - the cock that

Shawna had taken in and experienced several times during the

weekend.&nbsp; Sometimes Jennifer lay face up on the bed, her legs

spread and her knees bent, with Shawna straddling her face, as

the lone male insatiably fucked her.&nbsp; Other times, Jennifer lay

face down with a pillow under her hips, while Shawna stood by the

bed and watched her husband's meaty erection repeatedly plow the

blonde-haired pussy of her friend until, with a wrenching orgasm,

he spurted the final reservoir of his semen inside.



Jennifer, for her part, bestowed ample affection on her friend's

husband, often palpating his cock and testicles to a raging hard

state, or lying naked on top of him, her lips planted on his,

with his cock nestled between her thighs.&nbsp; She knew that her

teasing would result in his taking her all the more exuberantly. 

Also, she greatly enjoyed her part in the threesome - not only

did she have the thrill of having Shawna dance under her whip,

she also got to enjoy a male's meaty erection pumping and

thrusting inside her.



-----

This story is copyright 2004 by (rick_oh at

onolanke.router5.com).&nbsp; All rights reserved.&nbsp; No reposting

without permission.





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Rick_oh


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





