BDSM Library - Wifely Discipline Series 




Wifely Discipline Series 
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Katya has innovative ways of disciplining her husband. 






Story - Wifely Discipline Series (fdom)



The milking attachment simulated the slippery insides of a woman's vagina, and traversed up and down my engorged erection.&nbsp; The testicular attachment lightly squeezed, prodded, and tickled my ball sac.&nbsp; My breathing deepened.&nbsp; I knew that I could not hold off much longer.&nbsp; That was when Katya inserted the rectal squirmer and switched it on.&nbsp; The stimulation of my prostate and rectal area, in combination with the other attachments, served to push me over the edge.



A satisfied smile came across Katya's face as I ejaculated into the milker.&nbsp; My knees buckled and I moaned.&nbsp; She kept the rectal squirmer going for a moment until she was sure that I was completely spent.&nbsp; She withdrew the squirmer, and switched off the milker and the testicular attachment.



Katya, fully dressed, patted the firm pillow that she had positioned on the bed.&nbsp; I got face down on top of it, and she tied my hands together in front of me.&nbsp; Then she picked up one of the switches that she cut, and briskly switched my bottom while I shouted my distress.&nbsp; I writhed, twisted, and kicked my legs under the intense switching.&nbsp; She paid no heed to my pleading, and continued applying the switch until it disintegrated.



"No, Katya, I've had enough!" I exclaimed when she picked up a fresh switch.



"You just stay there," she admonished.&nbsp; "You've got this coming!&nbsp; If you turn over and force me to tie you down, I'll wear out a couple more switches than I have here."



I knew from experience that she meant what she said, so I steeled myself for what was to come.&nbsp; In no time the second switch whipped repeatedly across my well-presented naked bottom.&nbsp; I immediately resumed my frantic exclamations and kicking. Normally I didn't think that I was capable of the extent of frantic kicking that I did.&nbsp; Under the intense striation of a fresh willow switch, however, almost anything is possible.



That second switch, while flexible and whippy, was also quite sturdy, and Katya used it for some time before it frayed.&nbsp; She decided to stop then, although she had prepared a couple of extra ones.



"The next time I switch you, I'm going to have my friends over to watch," she said.



I knew that Katya had a dominant streak when I married her two years ago.&nbsp; That was one of the qualities that attracted me to her.&nbsp; As the relationship evolved we began to have frequent disagreements that resulted in one or the other of us withdrawing from the relationship for a while. As a result of advice from a friend of Katya's we settled on a plan of discipline.&nbsp; Basically, the plan was that we agreed that either one of us could administer discipline to the other one, and that the one giving the discipline had absolute say over the session.



There were some times that I gave Katya over-the-knee paddlings.



At first Katya was content to give me over-the-knee paddlings.&nbsp; They varied in their severity, depending on her mood when she gave them.&nbsp; For discipline I always have to get completely naked, and she is always fully dressed.&nbsp; There's never any warm-up -- all swats are delivered full force from the start.



After a time, she added elements of a sexual nature to my discipline.&nbsp; Sometimes I had to wear a butt plug when I was across her lap getting paddled; occasionally she would hang a weight from my testicles when I was bent over for the strap.&nbsp; Soon after that, she heard from one of her friends that if the male is forced to ejaculate a few minutes before the discipline, he feels the discipline more intensely than if he is aroused during the spanking.&nbsp; That was when she added milking to the punishment ritual.



She began by binding my hands behind me, and having me stand before her, naked, while she milked me.&nbsp; After I spurted into the handkerchief that she had ready, it was across her lap for a bare-bottomed hairbrushing.&nbsp; Her friend was right - I felt the hairbrush much more keenly than if I had been aroused or had not ejaculated.



Katya likes to spice things up sometimes by having her friends over to look on, or even participate as she disciplines me.&nbsp; One memorable instance was a few weeks ago.



After being informed that I was in for a good paddling, I overheard her talking to her friends on the phone.



"Hey Gillian, I'm going to give Rick a good paddling today.&nbsp; If you can come over and watch, I'd like for you to do that -- he always takes it better when other women are present...&nbsp; (giggle) I'm going to see if Sabrina and Kimberleigh can make it too.&nbsp; Okay, see you then, bye."



A couple hours later Katya's three friends were in the living room, anxiously anticipating the forthcoming event.&nbsp; Katya announced that it was time to begin, and told her friends why I was being punished.&nbsp; 

She added, "Now, I usually hand-job him just before I spank him - they say that a male feels the punishment more if you do that - if you all don't want to see that part, I can take him in the other room to do it..."



"No, no, I want to see that!" Kimberleigh exclaimed with a wide grin.



Katya placed a sturdy straight-backed chair in the center of the room and told me to take off all my clothes.&nbsp; "Off with your clothes - every stitch comes off, now..."



The girls giggled with tee-hee sounds when I stood there completely naked.&nbsp; My embarrassed member soon became erect before their gaze.



"I'll do the milking now," Katya began, "Unless one of you would like to do the honors."



"How about me," Gillian said.&nbsp; Katya handed her the towel and the lubricating gel.&nbsp; I stood before the seated Gillian with my hands behind me, as instructed.&nbsp; She smeared some gel in her hands and casually grasped my throbbing erection.&nbsp; She spread the gel liberally and then began hand-jobbing me with a casual air.&nbsp; She milked as if she didn't care one way or another if I ever spurted.&nbsp; That is exactly the kind of milking that is most effective with me.&nbsp; If the woman seems to be trying too hard to get me to cum, it doesn't work, because I try too hard to please her.&nbsp; On the other hand, if she's more casual about it, the hand-jobbing always brings me forth quickly.



"Oooooh," Gillian whispered, her eyes looking up at me while she faced the work in front of her.&nbsp; She certainly knew what she was doing, since I could not keep from crossing the finish line quickly.&nbsp; I tried to be quiet when my orgasm took hold.&nbsp; As the others watched me squirm, Gillian smiled sweetly as I spurted into the towel that Katya made available for that purpose.



"Over here now," Katya instructed.&nbsp; She was seated in the straight-backed chair with a wooden hairbrush in her hand.&nbsp; I placed myself across her lap.&nbsp; Katya was positioned so that when I was across her lap, I was facing her friends.&nbsp; I'm convinced that she planned that, so that they could see my facial expressions while I was paddled.



The swats always are always surprisingly intense, due in part to their being administered soon after my orgasmic release.&nbsp; Also, I never know how many swats Katya plans to administer, and that fact adds to the perceived intensity.



In previous sessions in front of others, Katya had given me about two dozen swats.&nbsp; This time was different - I got about eighty hard, hot swats.&nbsp; Fairly soon into the session I punctuated each swat with "Oh!"&nbsp; As Katya continued, my exclamations became more pronounced, and I shouted "Ahhhhh!" with each swat.&nbsp; Thereafter, I kicked my legs and squirmed, pleading with Katya to stop, please stop, stop for a minute, oh please Katya, that's enough Katya, and so on.&nbsp; I was thoroughly humiliated at my pleading with Katya in front of her friends.



After the paddling Katya had me go over to each of her friends and show them my freshly swatted (and very hot) bottom.



Yes, the sessions with Katya are severe.&nbsp; On the other hand, the emotional and physical parts of the relationship are so very good.



-----

This work is copyright by the author, and commercial use is prohibited without permission.&nbsp; Archiving and reposting of this story unmodified is permitted provided that no fee is charged, either directly or indirectly (including so-called "adult checks") and provided that this disclaimer and attribution to the original author (rick_oh at onolanke.router5.com) are maintained.&nbsp; Please see my other stories at http://www.asstr.org/~rick_oh/





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Rick_oh


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





