BDSM Library - God, forgive my sins




God, forgive my sins
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Young catholic girl tortures herself to atone her sins the she just committed in very extreme ways, using common household stuff as torture devices 








Synopsis: Young catholic girl tortures herself&nbsp; to atone her sins the she just committed&nbsp; in very extreme ways, using common household stuff as torture devices .

I attempt to be logical and reasonable as much as possible but it is still more or less random stuff.



About me: I prefer to stay anonymous and I release this story from all copyrights, do what you like as you like.

it was just my first story to test of my abilities to create something. So if you like it or use it, my work is sucess.

p.s. English is not my native language and my writings skills are expected to be in the level of trained monkey even on my native language.

So please be tolerant to see millions of spelling and grammatic mistakes.

----------------------------





Title: God, forgive my sins





Jenny was the oldest daughter, she was seventeen, her body was well developed and breasts were relatively large for a such young age.

Once she had a chance to visit nearby city and accidentally stumbled to come into striptease bar. It was too much for a girl who newer had chance to see any of such things in her whole life.

She could not understand what is happening with her body.



Jenny went home. All remaining family was absent for a short trip.&nbsp; she started to pray in her room, however she couldn't forget her experience, during prayer she imagined Jesus as striptease dancer she saw before and her pussy became all wet. Jenny did not even noticed as her hands slipped in her panties and started rubbing her clit. Pussy juices were unstoppable and her panties became all wet. Jenny had a cross in her hand and spontaneously&nbsp; inserted it in her pussy. She had instant orgasm.

Jenny was still horny her nipples becalm incredibly sensitive and small cross was not enough for satisfaction. She removed her panties and started to rub her pussy into bedpost of her bed.

Feeling was intense, she orgasmed again, but suddenly she lost balance slipped and impaled herself on bedpost. Jenny was still a virgin and it was it was too much for her small pussy.

Poor girl just now understood what just has happened it was definitely&nbsp; god's punishment for her blasphemous act.



-No, i cant do that it, is a mortal sin. said jenny.

- God, forgive my sin, I won't do that ever again.

But when she&nbsp; attempted to lift herself from bedpost she orgasmed again felling was so intense that girl just could not resist, her nipples were erect&nbsp; she pinched them and had another orgasm again.

Jenny was scared. she just broke her promise to God, that is another mortal sin.&nbsp; So she decided to end that. she finally lifted her self from bedpost and went to bathroom to clean herself.

She spoke short prayers begging God to forgive her. But then she noticed that her pussy is bleeding.

Jenny had no clue why is that happening, she suspected that she was injured buy falling on the bedpost.



It was a shame to go to the doctor and tell all that so she decided to bandage it herself.

Jenny found first aid box, sat in front of the mirror and examined her pussy first time in her life.

Jennys pussy was just perfect, all covered in blond public hairs.

It was till bleeding&nbsp; a little and jenny could not see what is wrong so she decided to shave away some hair. she took her fathers safety-razor and shaved all hair that covered vagina.

now she could see that blood was coming from inside. she spread her pussy and saw the cause of bleeding: her hymen was torn. There was no pain and girl started to get horny again.

Jenny took a bandage roll and stuffed it into her pussy. It made her to become wet again but Jenny had strong will now and did not jet her get loose.

she put her panties on and went to sleep.



In the morning Jenny felt strange, her pussy was itching and she rubbed it and felt horny again once again her nipples became erect and sensitive, she started rubbing them and once again she had intense orgasm.

Just then she realized that she is committing sin again.

-That is unacceptable. said jenny to herself while still playing with her nipples i must do something i just cant control myself.

jenny attempted to pinch her nipples to inflict some pain and punish herself. she&nbsp; squeezed them as much as she could, pain was intense.

-Ouch . But that is not enough i need to punish myself more for doing such sins. My fingers are not strong enough i need something else.

She looked around the room and found father's toolbox.

Jenny took pincers and used them to squeeze her nipple, pain was intense but jenny still felt no less horny.

-I must get rid of that felling in any cost.. Thought jenny.

She took the pliers and squeezed another nipple. Pain was just too extreme this time and girl fainted, but not for long. Her brain was full of endorfins now.

She felt that her nipples are sore but now she had strange feeling of euphoria. Unconsciously she started to masturbate again. She forgot what and why she was doing.

orgasms were even more intense&nbsp; this time. She played with herself for some time her pussy was still stuffed with bandage foll but it was all wet and juices were flowing on her ass while she was laying on her back.

Jenny took a candle from nearby desk and started playing with it she could not stuff it in her pussy, but ass was free ans well lubricated, so all candle slid inside easily, with no trace.

Girl was shaking from pleasure. She desperately looked around what else to use, and there was a bag of marbles laying on the table.

she took all then and soon everything was inside.



Now Jenny was satisfied. and at same time she noticed picture of Jesus hanging on the wall she was terrified of her own actions. Now she was serious. something must be done

-I must atone my sins and I must do something to not allow this happen in future.



Jenny looked at the clock and noticed that she is almost late to school, she had not time to eat or drink, so she just dressed up and ran out.

It was not easy to do since her ass was still stuffed with marbles and&nbsp; pussy filled with bandage roll, but she still made it in time and soon she was sitting in the classroom.

it was hard to concentrate in such condition but she had no time to remove all that stuff at home and it is nearly impossible to do it at school too.

so she had to endure everything for all day and constantly cursed hr body for not obeying her will, she was angry and planned a revenge.

-Just wait, i will stop this at all cost i will not allow these feelings to distract me from serving the God.



School ended and jenny was back home again.

-Now i will punish myself properly.

She spoke short prayer asking to give her courage to do what she must. and went to the bathroom.

She sat on the toilet and all marbles came out easily glued with the molten candle wax..

Now it was time to remove bandage, she sat on front o mirror and attempted to take it out, but it was not so easy. Jenny took pincers and made unsuccessful attempt to remove bandage roll.

I need something stronger she thought, so she took pilers and inserted them deeply in the pussy. it was no problem to remove bandage roll now, but while doing that she felt horny again.

-Oh no!, nut this time I am in control i will not masturbate I will not commit another sin.

She squeezed her clitoris pain was intense but that felling didn't go away,

-Why that don't help? it is painful but still not enough. I need something else.

Jenny attempted to use clothes pins on her nipples and clitoris but pain did not eradicated her dirty thoughts.

Brain was filled with endorfins again and pain was not intense anymore

Jenny found a piece of wire and started whipping her tits. They jiggled and it was hard to hit them properly.

Then brilliant idea came up,

-I should bind them.

Jenny wrapped the piece of wire tightly around her breasts ans the became hard and firm there was no much pain and she attempted to slap them with her hands.

Her breasts were sore and turning blue Jenny was so busy with her anger&nbsp; and self torture that she even forgot to masturbate.

She laid on the bed and was happy.

-I defeated myself at last. she was lying on her back her breast were so sore that she could not think about anything else besides pain.

But that will not lasted long she felt strange felling again, it was something like nothing before, she was light and felt good.

What a relief, that must be a miracle. it hurts but I still fell so good.

And her hands touched pussy again she felt intense orgasm, and thought.

-oh well it was not enough after all....

Jenny noticed picture of Jesus hanging on the cross, with his hands and feet nailed.

the gave her idea.

I must do like Jesus, that way I will atone my sins for sure.



So Jenny looked&nbsp; around found few planks some rope,&nbsp; pack of shiny nails , a hammer and sat down to the table.

She placed her bluish breasts on the plank put wooden rod on top of her breasts, and wound wire around the ends of that construction to fix her tits between plank and wooden rood.

now it was time for a prayer.

-Oh great Lord, thank you for giving me courage.

she took one small nail and hammered it in fer left nipple pain was intense, but she continued.

Thank you for your mercy, for sending your son so atone from your sins.

and she hammered another nail in her right nipple.

pain was so strong that he had hard time to concentrate on her prayer so she ended it.

-please forgive me, i am a sinner but i sacrifice my evil breasts to you.

-please forgive my sins,

-Amen.

now Jenny took some more nails and hammered them all around her breasts.

Pain was intense but jenny did not felt it properly because of the pain shock she was in trance.



Jenny looked to the picture of Jesus.&nbsp; She decided that something is not right, her nails were too small comparing to these huge ones on the picture. So Jenny went to the kitchen and took roasting-jack.

She pushed it through her right tit with little trouble, and continued further through the left breast.

In the end she had her breasts ready or roasting on slow fire.

But that was not the end. Jenny was proud of herself 

-Two more to go and I will be suffering like Jesus.

However she could not find any more roasting-jacks.

-I need to improvise.

She found some thick wire sharpened the one end on the grinding wheel and attempted to force through her left breast center vertically down. it was not so easy because wire was not so sharp like the skewer she used before.

pain was intense, but jenny was brave,

 This wont stop me.

She pushed sharpened wire with all her force, and it went half the way down.

-Don't stop, don't stop!! but pain was so intense that jenny was just about to faint again. She resisted well and little by little, twisting back and forward she forced that piece of wire to come oout form the other side of breast.

she was very proud again.

God thank you. I will do that properly, I promise.

Now the last skewer must be done, but nothing suitable is around.

She found bradawl in the toolbox but it was to small.



Then in the bottom of tool box jenny noticed long wood screw.

-It looks long enough but there is no way it will go smoothly.

Oh well there is nothing better available, so that must be God's will.

So Jenny washed the screw and attempted to push it into the center of her left breast.

But it just wont go&nbsp; in at all. Poor girl lost all her strength and there was no way do finish the job.

Jenny laid back to rest a little. Then she got another idea:

-It is a screw after all. so I need a screwdriver.

Fortunately automatic screwdriver was also lying in the tool box.

Jenny decided that it will be easer to do it if she starts from the bottom side of the breast.

So she started pain was insane, but she was able to bear it. Screwdriver slowly forced screw through her breast and she saw how skin popped in the top.



-I did it. I am suffering like Jesus. No even more than Jesus. That is enough to atone all my sins. She took her camera and made some photos of herself.

Jenny stand in proud pose, showing that this pain is nothing for her. She could barely stand but she now had great confidence.

See, what I can do ! There is no suffering i cant stand. and to prove that she slapped her swollen, nearly black, tities and laughed.

She took more pictures and smiled to the camera.

Then she removed small nails and planks since they obstructed proper image of her breasts.

Again she made more pictures and went to eat supper. Pain was intense but jenny started to like it after all it is in the name of God.

Everything is right if you do in the name of God.

Now it was time to go to bed. jenny brushed her teeth and started thinking how to go to sleep, she could not sleep like in such pain and all these metal skewers can damage bed wrap.

So the best was to remove them.



That job was not so easy. Jenny unwrapped wire and released blood flow pains suddenly intensified..

She did that just in time or else breast could become dead.

Jenny removed long roasting-jack and piece of wire. There was some blood but not much.

Then there was time to remove screw. She took automatic screwdriver again and attempted unscrew last piece of metal from her tit.

pain was extreme this time she thought that it was easer to put it in than take it back. 

-Maybe i should leave it for a while?

It was god decision, Jenny went to the bathroom to clean up, she used shower to clean all blood and massaged her numb breasts.

pain decreased and she made second attempt to remove last skewer, this time she used simple screwdriver and unscrew her breast in the bathroom.

This time there was much more blood and damage, but it was bearable.

Jenny spent some more time in the bath until blood stopped completely then cleaned up her room and went to bed.



She was proud. and spoke her last prayer that day;

-Thank you God for your infinite mercy.

Thank you for the courage to atone my sins to the end.

Amen.

Jenny laid down and fell asleep peacefully. She is clean from all her sins now.





































































Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Master evil


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





