BDSM Library - Transferred




Transferred
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Jay is rebellious and gets trensferred to a girls' reform school where discipline is the byword.






Story: Transferred (F+/M femdom)



Jay couldn't believe his fate.&nbsp; After graduating from high school, he took a year off and did what many guys in his situation do - he got bored, hung around with the wrong crowd, and then got in deep trouble.&nbsp; The justice system gave him a choice: pay a large fine and restitution, spend a year in the city jail, or submit to a year's stay in a reform school.&nbsp; Jay had quickly decided on the reform school option, since he had not earned a penny after getting out of school, and didn't want to spend a year around the unsavory types of people in the city jail.



In the reform school Jay became quite rebellious - in a nonviolent way.&nbsp; He frequently broke the house rules, and seemed impervious to the threat of serving additional time there.&nbsp; The school psychologist correctly recognized that Jay would like nothing better than to stay there for an extended period of time, and annoy the system - much the same flavor of rebellion that got him into the institution.&nbsp; The reform school then did what they did with all incorrigible inmates - they sent Jay to the girls' reformatory.



The most significant difference was that the girls' reform school dispensed ample corporal punishment.&nbsp; The girls' school also welcomed male "guests" for the humiliation aspect of their punishment.



As Jay rode in the transport van, he recalled his disbelief when he was told that he was being sent to the girls' reform school.&nbsp; He was speechless because, although he considered begging them not to do that, pride got the better of him.&nbsp; He had heard rumors about being sent to the girls' school and how the inmates' bottoms were kept sore from spankings, but had considered them unfounded.&nbsp; Now, with regret from his delight in pushing the system, he had no idea what lay ahead of him.



The two hours in the van had been uncomfortable, and the driver, a staff member from the reform school that he was leaving, did not want to chat.&nbsp; They stopped and passed through two guarded gates, and then arrived at the admissions center.



Two strong looking female staffers escorted Jay, whose hands were bound behind him, into the admissions bay.&nbsp; Beginning then, he experienced a series of surprises.



His eyes met those of the uniformed nurse inside the admissions bay.&nbsp; He immediately blushed.&nbsp; It was Catherine, a girl he'd had a wild crush on in high school.&nbsp; They had several of the same classes during the last two years of school.&nbsp; Catherine was blonde, slender, and pretty, with a sweet engaging smile.&nbsp; He recalled with embarrassment that during high school days she had frequently caught him staring at her legs.&nbsp; He had habitually fantasized lying next to her, both of them naked, handling and stroking her smooth bare legs while kissing her sweet lips and preparing to enter her.&nbsp; Jay had spent many moments in the paroxysms of ejaculation while thinking of the beautiful blonde Catherine.



And now, he was before her -- being admitted to a girls' reform school.



She smiled.&nbsp; Her smile was every bit as sweet as he remembered.&nbsp; His embarrassment deepened, as he saw the recognition in her eyes.&nbsp; She leafed through his file, and her smile faded.&nbsp; She pressed her lips together for a moment and continued reading his file.&nbsp; When she finished, she picked up the phone and pressed a few digits.



"Miss Allison, this is Nurse Catherine.&nbsp; We just got an M-ten in admissions.&nbsp; Health clean."

After a pause of several seconds, Catherine said, "Yes Ma'am," and hung up.



"The head governess would like to have a few words with you," she said to Jay.&nbsp; "After I give you an enema."



Jay's feeling of humiliation and shame deepened as he imagined the object of his high-school crush doing something so intimate in a clinical setting.&nbsp; The two guards escorted him to the nurse's station.&nbsp; Catherine walked ahead, and Jay's stomach fluttered when he saw the smooth slender legs that he had so often fantasized about.



In the nurse's station, one of the guards released Jay's wrist cuffs.



"I want you to strip, Jay," Catherine ordered, her voice taking on a crisp quality.&nbsp; "Everything off.&nbsp; I'm going to give you a three quart soapsuds enema, which you will retain for five minutes."



As Jay removed his clothing, Catherine continued, "I am required to note all instances of non-cooperation in your file."&nbsp; Then she snapped on a pair of disposable gloves and placed a firm bolster pillow in the center of the table.



"On your tummy now," she ordered, patting the examination table.&nbsp; Jay nervously climbed on the table and lay face down.&nbsp; The bolster pillow raised his hips, which added to his humiliation.&nbsp; She bound his ankles to the table with firm binding straps.



"Let your arms hang down the sides of the table," she instructed.&nbsp; When he complied, she fastened binding straps around his wrists.



"Okay now, we're ready to begin."



Catherine lubricated a gloved finger and inserted it past Jay's sphincter.&nbsp; She worked it all around inside him, and he wished that she would get it over with.&nbsp; She withdrew, put some more lubricant on, and applied it again.



He waited as she prepared the enema.&nbsp; He heard water running for a while, and then the sound of the full bag being clipped to a stainless steel stand.



He felt Catherine spread his nether cheeks, and for about twenty seconds, a soft object lightly touched his back entrance, moving around.&nbsp; Suddenly he felt a sharp pain as Catherine rapidly shoved the inflatable retention nozzle inside.



"AAAAAAH!" he yelled.&nbsp; The pain persisted for about a half minute.&nbsp; "Aaaaaah!&nbsp; Aaaaah!" He twisted hi hips.



Catherine gave the attached bulb two squeezes and inflated the retention nozzle.&nbsp; It expanded inside jay's back portal, and he immediately felt extremely full.



"Ohhh!&nbsp; Uhhhhh!"



"I'm going to start the enema now.&nbsp; After it's all inside you then you'll hold it for five minutes."



Catherine released the hose clamp, and the soapy solution began to flow.&nbsp; Jay felt a few jets of water shoot into his innards, and then the stream became steady.&nbsp; In almost no time the pressure became intense.



"Aaaaah!&nbsp; Ohhhhh!&nbsp; I'm FULL!"



The relentless enema persisted.



"Please!&nbsp; I can't...."



"Oh, yes you can," Catherine interrupted.&nbsp; "It's all going in before I start the retention timer."&nbsp; She decreased the flow rate slightly.



Jay continued to squirm, grimace, and complain as the enema expanded inside him.&nbsp; When the flow became blocked, Catherine gently rocked him from side to side, and then gave the bag a healthy squeeze.&nbsp; Jay shouted as the enema resumed.



"AAAAH! OH!&nbsp; Ahh!"



He had never felt so full in his life.&nbsp; He forgot about his humiliation as the cramps gripped his innards.&nbsp; It took several minutes for Catherine to work the enema until the bag was drained.



"Five minutes now!" she said sweetly and looked at her watch.



Jay struggled and pleaded as his body desperately sought to expel the intrusion, but couldn't.



Catherine calmly stood by, and checked her watch every half minute or so.&nbsp; She was aroused by the scene before her.&nbsp; 'I'm enjoying this more than giving it to a girl,' she told herself.&nbsp; She also knew that she would greatly enjoy what was to come.



Near the end of the retention period, Catherine released the wrist and ankle binding straps.&nbsp; Then she deflated the retention cuff and pulled on the hose until it emerged.



"You can get up and expel," she announced.&nbsp; "Take your time - then we'll get you showered and present you to Miss Allison."&nbsp; She felt a twinge of arousal between her legs.



Her thoughts wandered as she sat and waited for Jay to completely get rid of the enema.&nbsp; About twenty minutes later she attached ankle cuffs connected by a short length of chain to Jay's ankles and led him to the shower stall.



"In you go, and get nice and clean all over," she ordered, and watched while he scrubbed himself and dried off.&nbsp; She cuffed his forearms together behind him and asked the staffer to escort him.



Jay's humiliation came to the fore and he asked, "Like this?&nbsp; Can't I get dressed?"



"Miss Allison wants to see you as you are now," Catherine replied, and turned around and led the way.&nbsp; As they walked through the long corridor, they encountered two instances of a new female inmate being led to admissions.&nbsp; Each time, the captive female stared probingly at Jay's nakedness, much to his embarrassment.



"I'll tell Miss Allison that I'm ready to present you, and then I'll be back to get you," Catherine told Jay, implying that he and his escorts had to wait in the hall.&nbsp; She unlocked a door and went in.&nbsp; A few uncomfortable minutes later, she emerged and asked the escorts to lead Jay in.



They traversed a receptionist's area and into an office with an open door.&nbsp; A name plate on the large desk said "ALLISON".&nbsp; The woman at the desk told the escorts they could leave Catherine and Jay with her, and to lock the door to the corridor.



Miss Allison, a dark haired woman in her mid thirties, was dressed in a white blouse and a grey skirt.&nbsp; The tone of her voice was crisply efficient, and her face seemed attractively sculptured.



"So this is a male from the other reform school.&nbsp; Listen, Jay, things are quite different here.&nbsp; That's why they sent you over here.&nbsp; Corporal punishment is freely given, and I daresay after looking at your file that you will likely have a constantly sore bottom until you learn some important lessons.&nbsp; It will go much better for you if you voluntarily comply with what you are asked to do."



Miss Allison waited a moment for effect, and continued.



"I will give you an introductory spanking now.&nbsp; Do everything you're told, or it will be worse."



She opened a desk drawer and pulled out a box of disposable gloves, a tube of lubricant, and a medium sized latex butt plug.&nbsp; When she had spread them on the desk she surprised Jay by unbuttoning her blouse and taking it off.



Jay could not resist staring at Miss Allison's breasts.&nbsp; He had never seen such perfect, seductive breasts.



"Jay, I want you to bend over across the desk while Nurse Catherine inserts this rectal plug."



Jay's heart was fluttering.&nbsp; His mind was confused, and he didn't know what to do.&nbsp; He was in a girls' reform school, naked and bound, and had just been told to bend over to accept a butt plug from his high school fantasy girl, by a woman who had just bared her attractive breasts.



"Catherine, perhaps he needs some assistance."



The blonde nurse gently pushed Jay up to the desk and guided him into a bent over position.&nbsp; Then she snapped on a disposable glove and put ample lubrication on a gloved finger.&nbsp; Jay flinched when Catherine inserted the lubricated finger between his nether cheeks, and worked it around rather brusquely.&nbsp; She withdrew, removed the glove, and retrieved the anal plug.&nbsp; After spreading some lubricant on the plug, she inserted it to the sound of Jay when he groaned, "Uhhhhhh".



Miss Allison then spoke.&nbsp; "I want you to stay bent over until I tell you otherwise.&nbsp; Keep your chest against the surface of the desk.&nbsp; I'm going to give you a caning now.&nbsp; You will receive ten strokes of the cane across your bare bottom.&nbsp; Two extra every time you get out of position."



The bare-breasted governess retrieved a straight handled rattan cane and fiercely whisked it through the air several times, causing Jay to shudder.&nbsp; She stood to Jay's left side, extended her arm, and tapped the cane several times across his vulnerable uninitiated nether cheeks.



"I will deliver each stroke about five seconds apart.&nbsp; Catherine, please count them aloud," Miss Allison instructed.



There was a whippy noise followed by the unmistakable sound of the instrument making contact with bare skin.&nbsp; Miss Allison had placed a cane stroke directly across the center of Jay's bottom, propelling the instrument so that the tip of the cane curled around slightly at the opposite end.



Jay immediately felt a sharp hot striation across his bottom.&nbsp; It seemed to intensify even after it had been delivered.



"AAAAAAAAUGH!" he screamed, and halfway stood up.



"One," Catherine's sweet feminine voice counted.



"Get back in position," Miss Allison ordered.&nbsp; That's two extra."



Jay bent down again.&nbsp; Miss Allison went through the ritual of tapping his bottom several times before delivering the next stroke.



Whippppppp-SMACK!



"AAAAAAAAAAH!"



Jay kicked his legs.



"Two," Catherine announced.



"You may kick your legs as long as they both don't leave the floor at the same time.&nbsp; If both feet leave the floor, that counts as getting out of position."



Whipppppppp-SMACK!



"OHHHHHHHHH! AAAAAAAAAAAH!"



"Three," Catherine's voice quavered with excitement.



The next stroke landed immediately adjacent to the previous one.&nbsp; Jay furiously struggled to stay in position as he yelled.&nbsp; Catherine's voice was shaky when she counted out the fourth stroke.



Whippppppp-SMACK!



"AAAAAH!&nbsp; OHHHH!&nbsp; OWWWWWW!&nbsp; NO!"



"Five!"



Jay squirmed and kicked mightily through the sixth and seventh strokes.&nbsp; When the eighth stroke striped his bottom, he bolted upright again.



"That's four extra.&nbsp; Get back down there."



Miss Allison placed the ninth and tenth strokes near the upper part of Jay's bottom.&nbsp; The stripes from the previous strokes were evidence that Miss Allison knew how to give a punishment caning.



"Catherine, plea



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Rick_oh


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





