BDSM Library - Letter from Josh and his Dad




Letter from Josh and his Dad
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A letter to me from a reader who has turned his son into a sex slave. 







&gt; As I mentioned, I lost lots of my email connections and friends when my computer went to hell while I was on my trip. So many potential relationships lost. Out of every hundred letters or so that I get trying to connect with me, perhaps only two or three are legitimate. It's sad, but that is the state of the internet nowadays. Here is a letter and photo I got just the other day. Who knows where it will go.

&gt; Dear dale10. I am enclosing a photos in which you may have some interest. It is of my son Josh. He is 17 and I have been sexually disciplining him for about a year and a half. I have always loved your stories, and when my wife left me, quite honestly, your writing was one of the few things that kept me from a total nervous breakdown. I have always been bi-sexual, and felt that I could not plunge into another relationship with a woman. the whole idea pained me too much. My son Josh was a real hellion at the time. Fifteen and wild as anything. Perhaps it was because of the fights my ex-wife and I would have, and the fact that we tended to ignore him to deal with our own selfish needs. Anyway, he was wild. He fucked his first girl at fifteen. I found them in the bedroom on his bed, bare assed naked. I saw his beautiful young ass rising and falling as he pumped his dick into this fourteen year old freshman. Well, let me tell you, watching teenagers fucking really turned me on. I didn't intend for it to...it just did. So instead of stopping it as I should have done, I tried to get those two kids to fuck more and more and do more and more kinky stuff. Down deep inside, I had this perverted urge to see him get her pregnant. I honestly do not know why. I am being honest with you here. Even at fifteen, my son had a really nice dick and balls...and a superb ass. Once my wife was out of the picture, I started to harbor fantasies of having sex with Josh. At first I went through all the guilt and shit, but my dick really wanted him. I took to walking from the bathroom through the house bare assed. Your stories were helping alot at this time. I made a habit of walking into his bedroom hoping to catch him naked and beating off. At fifteen, boys are always playing with their fuckers.
&gt; I can't go into all the detail here, but will be glad to if you decide you want to communicate with us. We'd love to have you come visit. I got into fantasies, again from your stories, of disciplining Josh. It got me sexually excited. So, I made him break up with the girl and not go on dates. At first he was wildly mad. I told you he was a bit out of control anyway. So I took a belt to his ass. I actually handcuffed him to his bed for a couple of weekends. I made him piss and shit into a pan which I held. It totally turned me on. And the surprising thing is, it seemed to turn him on as well. He became docile and submissive. It was a few months later that I made him suck my dick for the first time. His mouth was Heaven. From there we progressed rapidly. He seemed to want it, even though he protested and cried. He was just sixteen now, and I fucked him. I wish now, I had fucked him alot earlier. I should have fucked him at thirteen or so. It was a better fuck than I ever got from my ex-wife. She always complained that my dick was too big and it hurt. I started to control every aspect of my son's life. I made him go to school wearing very tight jeans at a time when baggy pants were still in. I forbade him to wear underwear, so the shape of his dick and balls was clearly visible. I made him wear tight tee shirts that didn't reach his belt line so some of his stomach showed. They were so tight you could see the whole shape of his tits through them. I fed him viagra like in your stories and kept him in continual sexual agony It was the greatest time of my whole life. I had never had so much fun, or felt so alive. I whipped his ass, kept him in a cage at times, and fucked him over and over.
&gt; He would complain from time to time that he wanted a normal teenage life. I told him he was special and lucky, and this was his job in life...to serve my dick and balls.
&gt; Obviously our relationship was not that of a normal father and son. I started to go to gay bars and especially leather ones, and I met guys who I brought home to face and ass fuck my son. I had this kind of obsession to see him fucked constantly...non-stop. I wanted him to be totally fucked out all the time, or like you say in your stories...fucked up and fucked out. I even put him on medication so he was kind of out of it alot so me and my buddies could just play with him anytime we wanted and plow his asspussy and face. We got him drinking out of toilets , eating ass, all kinds of fun things. I really want to get him fucked by a dog, but can't find any guys who have fucking dogs. If you know of anyone, I would appreciate it. I want him to suck dog dick and drink dog piss. Just like you said, it did affect his mind a bit. He became sullen and quiet, but I don't mind that, as long as he still sucks and fucks with enthusiasm. When he became seventeen a few months ago, I thought I would spice things up a bit. I told him he could date girls once in a while. He was so fucking happy. It was like he had a new lease on life. However, I make him wear a heavy plastic chastity device on his teenage dick and nuts and a butt plug when he goes out with girls. I know he gets aroused by girls, and he goes through lots of pain while on the date. The question is, is it worth it? I always fuck him after he comes home from a date, and make him tell me all about the cunt. Lots of kids at school called him faggot and queer, but now that he is dating girls once in a while that has eased up son. It's kind of a shame. I made force him to ask one of the football jocks for a date to spice things up. He currently sucks five to ten dicks a day, and is fucked two to three times. I would love to increase that number to one of which you would approve, but it is not easy to find guys who will take the risk of fucking my underage son. I tell Josh it is his fault, that he is not good enough at sucking and fucking. It gives me an excuse to punish him. I love the recent photo you sent of the Asian kid with pins through his fucksack. I am going to do that to Josh real soon. I love to see him in pain. His body is so beautiful in that condition. I am sending you a photo of him during a punishment session. I wonder if you might like to visit us and fuck him and work him over a bit. I have an idea that he can be taken much further into the world of pain and suffering, but I am not a professional and tend to take it easy. Sometimes he passes out from the pain, and then I freak out and get scared. I would appreciate any advice you can give me, as well as creative ideas. Should I make him drop out of school. It seems to be one of the few things he still enjoys. When he is eighteen I intend to whore him out. I would like to get it to the point where he is getting fucked fifteen to twenty times a day. Is that possible? He is a beautiful boy with a beautiful dick and nuts and ass, and I think he would make an attractive whore. I might get him a job dancing in a gay bar too. All of that in the future. He is very submissive as I say...shy and quiet. He is not very social at all and hardly speaks.
&gt; My newest game is to forbid him to use the toilet so he has to shit and piss in a cat littler box while my friends and me watch him. Every time he cries and begs for mercy I throw a fucking boner. I swear to God. As in your stories, I have taken to making him jerk constantly without cumming. It really is a hot thing to do ,isn't it? I know why you enjoy that with boys. He is in agony, pumping his leaking dick and not being allowed to shoot. School has just started, and I dont want him shooting off at school. I put a chastity device with a condom on him for school, and feet him two viagra in the morning, but I am still afraid he may find a way to cum. That's why I wonder should he drop out. What the fuck does a cocksucking asswipe need with an education anyway? If he was not at school, he could suck dick and get fucked all day...if I could find the customers for him. Can you give me any advice on this please!!!!!
&gt; I hope I have not bored you and that you enjoy the photo of my son. We took it just for you. Notice his nice cocksucker lips. I sent photos of him all over the internet, hoping to increase his humiliation. I really want his self image destroyed. Maybe some of your friends could write just to tell him what a faggot piece of shit he is. I hope you write back and want to share ideas with me.
&gt; Karl Borenson.



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  dale10


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





