BDSM Library - Mistress and the Maid




Mistress and the Maid
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The maid prepares David for a discipline session with enemas, teasing, and denial. 






The Mistress and the Maid

Okay, David - Mistress has left for the day. She gave me specific instructions on keeping you occupied. (giggle!) 

First on the agenda, young man, is a series of enemas. You probably guessed that already. You noticed my maid uniform. Mistress also told me to dress like this. She knows it arouses you. Clothes off now -- everything! I want you to watch me prepare your three quart sudsy enema! 

Oh, yes she did say that! Come on now, follow me to the discipline room. I don't want any fussing from you like you did when I shaved your legs last night. (Giggle!) I know my naughty nurse uniform made things hard for you - in more ways than one! 

Up on the examination table now, and put your feet in the stirrups. I don't know why you think that position is humiliating. It's perfect for your enema! 

Oh, my gosh! Your cock is just not happy in that chastity cage, is it? Look how it struggles against confinement. 

First we get the water to the right temperature... Now I'll add the soap, and stir it good. Now while the bubbles settle down, I'll hang this three quart bag on this stand and put the hose and nozzle on... I'd better lube you up good for this new butt plug nozzle! 

Okay, now you're ready for a good cleaning out. I just flushed out the air from the hose. Let's spread those cheeks - (giggle!) - and put the nozzle in! 

Oh, come now, it wasn't that bad. I'll unlock the chastity cage if you take the three quarts without a fuss. You have to admit that I'm more gentle than Mistress in giving enemas. 

There, it's starting to go in. Isn't that a sexy feeling when the enema starts gong inside you? I'll make it go in nice and slow. Mistress told me not to stop the flow as it enters you. 

You like it when I massage your inner thighs and tummy, don't you? It takes your mind off the enema. No, not yet. I won't remove the chastity cage until it's all inside you (giggle!). 

Look at you now -- the enema is inside you and now you've got to keep it there for a few minutes to let it do its work. You didn't fuss too much, so I'll take your cage off. Now where did I put the key? 

There! (Giggle!) Doesn't that feel good? Oh, my! Your cock is so big now that it's free! I'm going to sit down for a few minutes until your retention period is over... 

Well, David, you certainly made a fuss retaining your enema! It was only ten minutes. You should experience a thirty minute retention some time. Perhaps Mistress will order one of those for you if I tell her how you did with this one. 

Maybe I'll tell her, maybe I won't. It depends. Now you can get rid of your enema. 

No, I won't turn my back. With your cock cage off, I've got to watch you all the time. Get rid of it completely -- you're getting a three quart rinsing enema when you're finished with this one. I'll prepare it while you're busy. 

Okay, David, up on the table, like before. Feet in the stirrups. (Giggle!) No, I can't tell you what will happen after that... 

That wasn't as bad as the sudsy one, was it, David? You still have to retain it for a few minutes... 

Mmmm, I like the way your cock dances when I massage your inner thighs! You're seeping pre-cum, too! That prostate of yours is impatient, isn't it? 

Okay, I want you to wash yourself after you get rid of this enema. And yes, I am going to keep an eye on you all the time... 

Okay, David, I want you to bend over across the examination table. I'm going to lubricate your hole... Now reach back and spread your cheeks. Good, keep them that way until I tell you. 

(Giggle!) I like the way you squirm when I stick my finger in there with all that lubricant! Hold still, I'm going in a few more times! 

There, don't get up yet. Keep your cheeks spread. I'll put this inflatable butt plug in you. Innnnn we go. Now I'll give the bulb one squeeze. 

Oh, David, it couldn't have hurt that much! Get on the table now, face up. 

Hands above your head now, I'm going to bind them. We can't have you touching yourself. Okay now, spread your legs wide. I've got to put this spreader bar to keep your knees apart. Mmmmm, now we're ready. A little oil on my hands, and we're all set. 

You like the feel of my hands lightly stroking your cock, don't you? That cock is so responsive to my touch! Oops! There's a pulse of pre-cum! It's time to slow down. Mistress told me to keep you on the edge of ejaculation for a total of three hours before she gets home! This will be fun - for me. 

I love teasing you like this! Don't pump too hard, now, you'll just wear yourself out. That cock of yours is so desperate! 

Oh, but you CAN take it! And you will! You don't have much choice, do you? Just like when Mistress binds you to the punishment bench and gives you a caning. You always tell her that you can't take it, but she just keeps on giving it to you. 

Mmmm, you're too close to ejaculating. I'm going to use the feather duster now. (Giggle!) First on your knees and thighs, like this... Now on your balls... Then on your cock! Oh my, look at you squirm! Three hours of teasing! If I were in your place, that would drive me absolutely crazy. Being teased by the maid! 

... 

We've got one hour done, and now I'll deflate your butt plug for a few minutes. Ahhhh, that must feel good. I'm going to stroke your cock very lightly now. If you start ejaculating, I'm going to just let go of your cock and not give you any stimulation. You know how frustrating it is when Mistress does that to you. Then it's the cock cage for another few days. (Giggle!) 

Speaking of your cock cage, I know you heard me yell when Mistress caned me in my room last night. If you hadn't had your cock cage on, you'd have spurted into your bed sheets. Fifteen strokes! I shouted several times every time the cane whipped my bare bottom. That must have been an intense turn-on for you. And after she whipped me, she had me put my mouth on her pussy and make her cum. I begged her to use her strap-on in my pussy, but she said that if I did a good job today, she'd do that. 

Uh-oh - I'd better lighten up more - this talk is about to send you across the line. 

Your moans are sweet music to my ears, David. Now you see why I had to bind your hands. You wouldn't be able to resist bringing yourself off if you could reach. Mistress wants me to keep you on the edge for three hours, and that's what I'm going to do! 

What do you think she has in mind for you? Is she going to fuck you silly with her strap-on? Or give you a good long paddling? That time she used the fucking machine on you, just watching that gave me an orgasm. There you were, bound in several places, face down on the pussy bench with your legs spread. I almost creamed when she started the slow thrusting of the machine. Then she increased the speed. In and out, in and out, in and out. And the sounds you made! That's what sent me in orbit after a minute or two. Your ass was pretty sore after that. Maybe she'll give you a caning. She always gives you more than she gives me. My pussy gets so hot hearing you beg for mercy. 

It's been two hours now, David. I'm going to take a short break... 

Ready for another hour of almost cumming, David? (Giggle!) Look at that cock now! I thought you might like my taking off the skirt of my uniform. It's not very often you see my pussy. I know you try to look when I have my naughty nurse dress on, but I'm always wearing panties then. Yes, it's dripping. I'm so turned on by teasing you like this. 

I'd like to have a hard cock pumping me, but Mistress has other plans for you. What's that? Yes, I do know what she's going to do. No, I'm not going to tell you. 

It's so fun handling you like this... Stroking and stroking, not letting you cum, watching you go insane with desire and wanting. I'm getting good at this, knowing just the right amount of handling and stroking to keep you frustratingly shy of ejaculating. 

Oh, David, I love the sounds you make when you're so turned on that you're driven mad with wanting! 

Uh-oh, it sounds like Mistress is home. 

Good evening, Mistress! Yes, I'm about finished with the third hour. He's almost incoherent. 

Thank you, Mistress. It was fun for me. 

Okay, David, I'm going to remove your knee spreader and release your hands. First, out comes the butt plug... 

Get up, David. Over to the pussy bench - face down, with your feet on the floor. Good, now for the binding straps. 

What? Oh, yes Mistress! I'd be glad to. 

(Giggle!) Hello, David. You didn't expect to see ME bent over on the pussy bench, facing you. Only I'm not bound in place. 

(GASP!) OH! OH YES, MISTRESS! OH GOD, I'VE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS! THAT FEELS SO GOOD! FUCK ME, MISTRESS! PLEASE! OH, YES! OH! OHH-AHH-OHHHHH-AHHHHHHH! 

Mmmm, yes, that WAS fast, Mistress! David, she's going to give YOU a good fucking now, after doing me in the pussy! I'll have fun watching your face close-up! 

Oh, yes! That first penetration is always the best. I love the expressions on your face as she enters you -- and then the sounds you make when she fucks you good. 

... 

Oh my gosh, David, is she ever going to stop? Your hole is getting a good workout! It's such an intense turn-on to see her hold your hips so firmly as she thrusts in and out, in and out! She doesn't slow down when she has an orgasm, either! I'm so hot, I wish she'd do me again! 

Wow. Two orgasms worth. That was quite a ride for you. I'll bet it was your begging her to stop that sent her across the line that second time. 

(Giggle!) The sound of the cane whisking through the air before she uses it is scary, isn't it? I know, I heard that sound last night! She kept me in suspense for a while before the first - 

(Whip!) 

Oh! That one got your attention! 

(Whip!) 

Oh my! That one was severe, too! 

... 

She's given you ten, David. Your wiggling and squirming is quite something to see, not to mention the sounds you make when the cane whips your bottom. My pussy is so hot and dripping, and you've got ten more cane strokes coming! 

Oh, I'd love that, Mistress! David, I'm going to change my position here... Okay, David, lick up all my pussy cream and then kiss me there like you mean it! 

Oh! Yes, like that. Mmmmm. 

(Whip!) 

OH! Oh, my! Yes! 

(Whip!) 

Yes! Suck it! Kiss it! 

(Whip!) 

That feels good, David! 

(Whip!) 

Come on, suck it! 

(Whip! Whip! Whip!) 

Oh! Oh yes! 

(Whip!) AHHHH! (Whip!) YES! YES! 

(Whip!) 

OH! AH! AHHH! Mmmmnahhh! ... 

Oh my, I needed that relief! I like your enthusiasm under the cane. And now the ten minutes that you have to remain bound after the whipping - you can't reach back to soothe your bottom! 

Okay, David, your waiting period is over. I'll unfasten your bindings. I want you to turn over so that you are face up, and your feet on the floor. That's it. 

Okay, I've got your hips, legs, and arms bound. Now... (Giggle!) I'll fasten this around your head. You look so fetching now, with your mouth held open with this spreader. 

Tee-hee! Look at your cock dance when Mistress takes her clothes off! I love your open-mouthed moans. 

I love watching, Mistress! The way you hold your pussy lips apart just out of reach of his cock! His heavy breathing! And the way his cock dances. 

(Giggle!) David, she's been teasing you like that for a while. And you're leaking. I can't wait to see your face when she -- OH! She took you in all the way. 

You can't thrust and pump on your own, David, since I have you bound so well. Mistress controls all the pumping. I'm sure she wants to feel the hardness of your cock inside her for a long time before she drains your balls. That's one of the reasons she had me keep you on the edge for three hours! 

Oh, Mistress, the way you continually tease him by fucking him so slowly. It drives me wild! The sounds he makes. I wish I could record this. It would give me hours of pleasure on my days off. 

I'd love that, Mistress. And recording his moans during a thirty minute enema retention! With extra soap! 

... 

David, my pussy is dripping! It's been over forty minutes and Mistress has been slowly fucking you without letting you cum! How much longer is she going to keep on before you squirt? She's had to stop for a couple of minutes several times to keep you from crossing the line. 

Uh-oh. She's pumping faster, David. 

Oh, my! The sounds you make when you cum after being denied for so long! 

I thought you were never going to stop spurting, David. That must be quite a relief for you. I'll bet you're still hard, and Mistress is using that fact to mix your juices inside her. 

Are you ready, Mistress? Okay, I'll hold his head still. Now David, I don't want any trouble from you. 

(Gasp!) Oh my gosh, Mistress, look at all that cum! Swallow it, David! Keep swallowing it! That's it. (Giggle!) This is so sexy, David! 

Now I'll remove this thing that keeps your mouth open and you can finish cleaning Mistress' pussy! 

... 

Mistress had quite an orgasm, David! I think she'll want to have you extract and swallow your spunk from now on. 

I'm so hot, Mistress. May I use him for seconds? 

Thank you, Mistress! 

Now David, I'm going to ride you until you spurt. And then you're going to clean my pussy just like you did with Mistress. 

(Later) Oh my, David. This has been a night to remember. I've never had four orgasms in a row from your attentions. Now I'll put your cock cage back on you. 

Sweet dreams, David! I'm going to spend the night with Mistress in her bed. I'm looking forward to next week, when I'll record all the sounds you make during your enema, teasing, and edging! 

----- This story is copyright 2006, 2007 by (rick_oh at onolanke.router5.com). All rights reserved. No reposting without permission. Please see my other stories at http://www.asstr.org/~rick_oh/



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Rick_oh


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





