BDSM Library - Rock Bottom




Rock Bottom
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Beaten and abused, unable to speak, or walk or feed herself her broken body continually tortured Julia slowly descends to Rock bottom.






I heard and felt my Jaw dislocate.

A sort of red mist seemed to rise up behind my eyes, a red fog of total agony, my jaw flopped uselessly and a disembodied scream assaulted my ears.

"See it ain't too big now." he growled tossing the baseball bat carelessly aside.

And in it came, oblivious to my agony, past my teeth over my tongue to fill my throat, six inches of stinking black cock.

I had tried to get away but the pain of my shattered ankles was too much, and my smashed fingers flopped uselessly, I felt his filthy hands on my shaved head pulling me onto him and I wanted to die.

"Oh baby that's good," he cooed, "I should have done this right off, you suck gorgeous girl."

Suck, I was not sucking him, I was choking, desperate to breathe thats why I was sucking, I was being choked to death.

I somehow hung on, getting light headed until the warm creamy slime oozed down my throat until as he contracted I found I could breathe again. 

He walked off, I tried supporting my jaw with the palms of my hands but it was broken or dislocated, like my nose, the blood soaked dressing from my pubes lay where he discarded it in a rage, the surgery they did on my labia, cutting most of it away with a filthy craft knife and sewing it with fishing line had not healed. He came back. 

The needle gleamed, he sprayed a tiny amount from the tip and then stabbed it among the scars on my arm, straight into the vein and pretty soon it was ok, no pain, no hassle I was floating.

He laid me over a low table, checked I was ready by forcing the baseball bat up my anus again, lubing the end and just pushing pushing then ripping it left, right, up, down to loosen me up.

It hurt, oh it hurt so bad, but the fix somehow made it bearable.

I took my weight on my knees and the palms of my hands, it was not too bad, my left nipple was still sensitive where he burned the skin off it with a blow torch, so I kept the bra cup folded under that side, then before I knew customers were waiting.

Two men, African. they were all African s all unwashed, sleeping rough mostly but somehow they had scraped together or stolen the money to buy me.

I saw him drop his pants, his underpants were filthy, yellow with sweat and streaked with skidmarks,&nbsp; he took his swelling member and thrust it unceremoniously up my ass, and started humping.

"Hey this ass pussy is dry man"

The blows started to rain down, slashing across my back, stinging, the narrow leather straps of the black whip, cutting deep into my flesh, as they asked the impossible from me.

"Lube that Ass pussy bitch, get turned on you hear." they were shouting and laughing, then as my blood dripped from the fresh cuts someone shoved something cold and wet within my anus, a penis followed, and he thrust at me again cruelly and oblivious to my agony.

Twice more I was invaded, the hot cum spraying deep inside me, HiV Hepatitis, clap, I could be becoming infected, I might even be infected myself and infecting them.
It was a comforting thought, fuck me and die. 

They left as quickly as they came, I crawled to my mattress and curled into a ball to drift into the glorious relief of sleep.

I woke in the darkness, the drugs were wearing off, my jaw hurt, my shattered fingers once again in agonised disorder, I tried to get them to fall straight but with little success at least my ankles were bearable, but my jaw, how could I eat, if I could not eat then I must die.

My ass hurt, and my pussy was bleeding again where he had pulled the dressing away brutally earlier, but worst of all that devilish monkey of withdrawal symptoms was back.

My mattress, my haven, a corner of a filthy room, a stained soiled mattress, and a bra, all I could call my own, how soon would this nightmare end, and how, would it be starvation or would they take pity and kill me, a knife perhaps or an overdose.

I heard them, still awake, in the other room, talking. "No man she make a fine warning, is waste to waste her."

"Better still dead." 

The morning came, the grey light seeping through the curtains, the big one, George, came to use me, shoving his unwashed cock in my face fucking my throat making my flopping jaw grate, his side kick threw me over on my back, and fucked me missionary style, the stitches bled again, but somehow they held as he forced his evil grey diseased slime into me, my ribs ached, I guessed a few must be broken or cracked, and I struggled, desperate to save my innards from being torn, I tried to imagine he was good looking, sexy, I needed to feel my pussy getting moist but there was nothing except his pre cum and&nbsp; my blood to ease his thrusting.

I passed out, I must have stayed out for a while then a kick in the ribs woke me, a customer, he looked at me "I ain't that fucking desperate," he said and walked out.

A low life shit in stained Jeans and tee shirt walking away from me, a scumbag I would never even have looked at before all this not sufficiently desperate to want me, I wanted the floor to open up, I even wanted him to change his mind and fuck me, ass, mouth, anything but this rejection.

The big one came again, he carefully inserted his baseball bat in my pussy "To check the stitches" easing it in gently, then when it was in as far asit would go he started hitting it with a cricket bat, it was tearing me inside, hammering, I felt it against my damaged ribs, I tried to stop him with my hands and poor broken fingers but he laughed as I screamed.

The Cricket bat handle was split, the binding loose, he lost interest in trying to ram the baseball bat further inside me and shoved the Cricket bat handle into my anus, it must have splintered because it jammed and felt like I was on fire, he pulled it free and wound tape around it and tried again, the same bat he had smashed down on my fingers, and smashed my nose with, now slippery with plastic tape it slid embarassingly easily inside me, then he started playing scissors, moving the bats in opposition pinching then stretching, I screamed "No"

He rammed something disgusting in my mouth, rag soiled with shit, perhaps a pair of panties, but it made me nauseous and I threw up, some splashed his leg and he kicked my good breast then the bat came loose and I realised I had shit myself all over my mattress, liquid shit, I just lay, I had no more fight, it was time to die.

The house was eerily still, I woke and sensed something, I realised I was lying in my own filth but the smell was real bad, then I saw the smoke, it was the smell of smoke, I tried to stand but my ankles were smashed, smashed form so many repeated blows of the baseball bat, it was crazy how I had howled as he pulled out my painted toenails and clamped my toes in Vise Grips and bent them right back till they broke, it was crazy, so much crying for so little, who needs toe nails or toes come to that but ankles, you need ankles.

He had snapped my fingers, right after my toes, he clamped my hand in a DiY tool called a workmate, a bench with a big vise and just slammed the fingers back the opposite way to the way they bend and they just shattered, hanging limp, scrunching as the misaligned bones grated, they had both&nbsp; had a go at cutting my hair off, they used garden shears at one stage, I thought they would cut my ears off but they just ripped my long blond out, by the hand full then cut, shaved, ripped and hacked as I screamed, afterwards they shaved my scalp with a ceremonial knife a long curved blade seven inches long with a wicked&nbsp; curved Ivory handle. 

I thought they would cut my throat as well but they stopped short of killing me.

They had plans for me, they had tied me down and some young guy started cutting my pubes. My clothes had gone long before this I was down to knickers and bra, and they decided my Labia was too pronounced and needed cutting back, he cut with a dirty paint streaked craft knife and threw the scraps of blood soaked flesh to the cat as he worked, he sewed me back together again and then his work completed he cut away my pubic hair with a spare craft knife blade.

He put a dressing on and held in place with my knickers, it was agony, the scab came away every time I had to wee, and it bled, and I had to keep using the same dressing.
I guess I soiled myself when I was injected, I lost hours, no memories just the injuries to remind me of what I could not remember.

The smoke got worse, I scrambled on palms and knees across the junk strewn floor, the doors all locked, the windows painted shut. 
I got to the window, I tried to hit it, but almost passed out, I tried kicking but it hurt too much so I head butted it, the glass broke, I felt moisture, I knew my head was bleeding, but I hit it again to make the hole bigger then I dived through.

The basement grille was missing, my three foot drop to earth became ten feet into the cellar, but I had been seen.&nbsp; The smoke had attracted bystanders and the Fire Engine was coming down the street.

"Down there, an old lady" someone shouted.

A Fireman looked down at me.

"Some clapped out fucking druggie whore, I ain't risking it" he charmingly observed, and I waited, I guessed my collarbone had also busted on landing but as the water from fire hoses started to cascade round me I realised I might well survive.

I seemed an age before an Ambulance guy dragged me out, naked or hear as dammit, he did not bother with covering me, half the bystanders were whores, I recognised the street where I had been held as being the known haunt of drug dealers and prostitutes so I guess parading me naked was something of a warning to others.

The Ambulance jolted and swayed alarmingly, I thought I would fall off the Stretcher which they laid me on but somehow I stayed on as we hurtled around the roundabouts and over the speed bumps until eventually they transferred me to a trolley and wheeled me into casualty at the Princess Anne infirmary.

"Druggie, set the place on fire and tried to fly" was their verdict.

A little girl with a cut finger, an old guy with no obvious injuries, they came in after me and were seen immeadiately. I tried to tell them How bad I was but it all sounded like gibberish, strange moans like a half wit.

Then a Porter fetched me.

"How the fuck did you get like that? waste of fucking tax payers money treating scum like you." he had a unique gift for chat up lines.

They slowly realised there was more wrong with me than just a little fall into the basement, the monkey had really kicked in when the adrenalin rush subsided, but bthank god they gave me something, Methodone probably, suddenly everything was cool again.

"Pity they did not get there five minutes later" was the doctors reaction. "For gods sake get her cleaned up."

They took me to the bathroom, two nurses, thats when they realised my ankles were shot, my foot turned ninety degrees the wrong way, one girl passed out, and the porter came and put me in the bath, he brushed my burned nipple and I screamed, he started to wash me, I am sure it was against hospital rules, especially after the nurses left, the one who fainted assisted by her friend, but the porter continued.

He undid my bra, and soaped me, the water turned brown, he had to empty the bath and start again, but the water was lovely and warm, and he was gentle.

He seemed fascinated by my pussy, the stitches, he ran his fingers over the stitches, it felt nice, I wanted more, I parted my knees in invitation, then I saw myself in the reflection in the bath.

It took a second. I did not recognise myself.

I thought it was someone else, my nose, squat distorted, two black eyes, cigarette burns over my forehead, and my jaw, drooping obscenely, I looked repulsive, I knew my hair was gone but this.

If I had not been starved I would have thrown up.

They kept asking my name, asked me to write my name, but how could I, my fingers would not work, I could not speak.

A policeman checked my teeth, lectured me on immigration, asked my nationality.

They moved me to a special unit, a teaching facility, and they started to put me back together, they used an IV drip to feed me, splinted my fingers and ankles, put my feet in plaster and then they looked at my jaw.

I came back from the operating theatre, and realised my jaw was wired up.

They gave up asking questions, I squealed when I wanted a bed pan, they did not even try a one squeal for yes two for no code to ask me anything, just did the minimum, I was a Druggie and no use to anyone.

It took months, I had a sort of fur on my head, my eyes were not black any more, but without my contact lenses the world was a sort of blurred parallel universe.

They weaned me off the Methodone, I tried to sleep as much as possible, I was on a liquid diet drunk through a straw, sometimes there was something on the TV I could listen to, and I guess it was about three months before they announced they would try some physio.

My Ankles hurt worse than ever as they made me stand after cutting off the cast.
I stood in just on of those hospital gowns, the ones that fasten up the back with ties, as the Doctor ordered me to walk.

The first few steps made me feel suicidal, but after a few days I realised it was bearable.
They had to operate on my jaw again, I came back with a long scar, they tried to do it without cutting the first time but it was not quite in line as it started to knit together.

They kept my hands in plaster for months, my fingers itched unbearably, but still the cast stayed on until finally the sawed it off.

My fingers were all white and puffy, the skin all disgusting where the air had not got to them but they worked, after a fashion.

I looked scarcely believing when I was able to bend them without almost passing out.
They looked like the hands of an old crone, I used to have beautiful hands, so people told me, sensitive, I had played Piano and Cello at school.

"Can you hold a pen?" asked the doctor, in a tone which suggested he thought I was a brain damaged imbecile.

I grasped the pen and started to write on a form he had put on the table.

He grabbed it away and took the pen with him. "That's your records, don't mess it up" he ordered ungrammatically.

They found me clothes from the red cross booth, a horrid green dress and some shoes which went out of fashion in 1952.

My Jaw was still wired but I was mobile, I just took a pen and wrote my parents phone number.

The young nurse rang the number for me, I wrote, "Hi Mum," but it just rang.

She tried several times.

So I persuaded her to ring my Boss.

"I have Julia here" she said.

They kept her hanging around for ages. "Water Music by Handle" she explained as she tapped her fingers and mimed the tune.

"Yes Julia," she repeated, "Nightingale Ward, - yes, - Oh weeks. - her jaw is wired she can't speak,- don't speak to me like that." she slammed the phone down. "Really he was so rude."

Jack, my Boss arrived, it was way outside visiting hours, he walked right past me, looked at me and did not recognise me.

He realised his mistake, he started speaking, then he gave me a notebook.

"Mum" I wrote. 

Colour drained, from him. "Ah of course," he ran a finger around his shirt collar. "There is no easy way to say this but, your father he shot himself, after shooting your sister and your mother, they found a fourth body, we thought it was you.&nbsp; Sorry."

"Danny"&nbsp; I wrote.

"Living with Phoebe in your old flat, you left him everything in your will, remember, we thought you were dead, even the dental records showed the body could have been you, probably was you.

I felt numb. Everyone I really cared about had either died, or had forgotten me.

I had reached rock bottom.

I felt hate building within me, In my minds eye saw my captors, illuminated by the fiery glow of a welding torch their body fat flaring as I burned pieces from them

Only hate stood between me and self destruction.

I had a plan


To be contined.





 










Part 2.

Yes, The house, where was I, yes when they questioned me, that was it.

My fingernail splintered, I remembered the red nail varnish flaking off as he got a good grip before ripping it right off.&nbsp; I screamed until he shoved a cloth in my mouth gagging me.

I actually worried how I would look with a nail missing, I never believed that they would actually do anything as brutal as pulling my nail out, I screamed into my gag, then he took my other hand, again the smallest finger, but this time the false nail came away and he pondered how to grip the short bitten stub that remained.

He just squeezed it sideways and as it split down the middle he ripped the two halves off.
The mascara must have been running down my face as I cried, the smaller one watched, leaving the big one to work on me.

He asked again.&nbsp; "What you telled them."

He removed the gag, briefly, "I didn't get started, I don't know anything," I told them.

A lamp shone in my eyes, a sort of clamp on lamp clamped to one of those tall reading lamps which they had angled round to blind me, I knew people were watching but they were lost in the gloom.

He shifted his attention to my feet, he rolled me off the table then grabbed my legs so I was on the floor taking my weight on the back of my head with my lower legs on the table, he threw my boots away somewhere behind me and tore my panty-hose as he ripped it off, then he took his pliers out again.

He took just a few minutes to rip my toenails out, smallest first, then the smallest on the other foot ten the next, methodically, I fainted several times but the small one slapped me each time I passed out, waking me to the next agonising extraction, I could not scream, physically but mentally I was screaming the house down.

Then they asked me again, what did I know.

The small one slid the tip of the long knife down my spine, I felt it cutting my top, I was so relieved it was not cutting my flesh, and then it fell away exposing my back, he cut through my skirt and pulled it away and then cut my panties, he cut both sides and dragged them from me.&nbsp; "What a fucking disgusting mess." he announced, as he shone the lamp at my pubes, you needs a shave girl.

He sawed a few tufts of hair with the knife but when he cut me and it started bleeding he stopped.

The room was at the front of an old house, the shape of the bay window unmistakable, wooden panels shut out the light, but I guessed it was nearly morning, and they were tired.

They tied me, binding my wrists together behind me, then ankles together then wrists to ankles then they bound the gag round my head and threw me on to the ground, I landed on a mattress and as they filed from the room I passed out.

I woke to a kick in the ribs, the small one and a girl stared down at me, Angela, one of the girls from the bar, she was wearing a dress like my green one, I saw the rip I had mended, it was my dress.

"Time to wake up, oh I told the girls help themselves to your stuff, cos you wont be needing it no more." he informed&nbsp; me, 

I saw my clothes and possessions strewn around, the black bags just tipped out on the floor, then the Big one appeared and carried me away, up the stairs to the bathroom, he sat me on the lavatory, "Take a dump, I'm going to fuck your ass."

I sat, tied up, as he watched, I just froze, he waited for ever then lost patience and shouted "Angie, get in here."

She came in, "Don't get him riled, dear, just relax," she put her arms round me protectively, she was nice and warm, her fingers started probing me and the fluids started to churn, suddenly I needed a wee and the liquid was gushing from me. "See just relax."

The Big one was fiddling, he had taken the shower head apart, and quite suddenly he pulled me to my feet and bent me over the bath before forcing the tube against my anus.
The cold water shocked me, blasting up inside me, I felt my belly swelling then it was gone and I was sitting down again, my stomach cramped and suddenly the water was pouring from me, he repeated the process three times and after the fourth he tried to shove his penis inside me, inside my anus, the bulbous tip of his bare black penis jabbing and slipping with the slime of his over excited pre cum

I was too tight, but Angela's ministrations had an effect and my vagina was glistening so he forced himself in to me there, it was horrible, bent over a dirty bath with someone watching, unable to even move my legs to get comfortable, he never even used a condom.

They shaved me when he finished, Angela did most of it, using a small disposable razor and shaving soap, my pubes and under my arms, The small one came in and complained my Labia was too pronounced, then they took me back and let me rest on my mattress.

More people came, rifling through my stuff, taking what they wanted, then as the day wore on the small one started to bring parts of a bed. I watched as he assembled the metal frame and then they pushed me off my mattress&nbsp; and put the mattress on the bed frame.

Angie and another woman came, they had a proper rubber ball gag, and handcuffs for me. I shouted briefly as they changed the gags but soon I was spread-eagled on the bed, hands and ankles manacled to the bed frame, they displayed me naked, except for just my bra.

Angie cleared the room, she threw what was left of my stuff in a bag and stuffed it in a cupboard.

I struggled ineffectually, Angie found me some black high heeled shoes to hide my bloodied toes and the small one supervised her as she pulled long black gloves to hide my torn fingernails.

Angie sat with me, rubbing, tantalising my pussy until it glistened and then I heard voices, the door opened, the woman was speaking, "One fifty." A boring man in a grey coat stood looking at me, white, forties, schoolteacher?

The man handed over the money, and as I watched fascinated Angie peeled off her tee shirt and jeans to reveal a black basque, she picked up a whip and slapped me with it.

I could barely move, the guy, took off his spectacles&nbsp; and trousers, folded his coat and knelt on the bed and raped me, I hope he thought it was play acting, at least he wore a condom. 
He must have known though, he took ages to force himself in me, I tried so hard to relax but the horror was too much, he used his fingers,&nbsp; he even forced a piece of wood coated in jelly inside to "Loosen me up"&nbsp; but thankfully when he did force his way in it was over mercifully quickly.

They brought more men, five, seven, ten I can't remember, some got naked, some just undid their pants, but they all just did it, and there was nothing I could do, I was wet and slippery from the first mans jelly and lube and my muscles were aching and torn, there was no pleasure for me at all, it was horrible, especially when it felt good, I'm not explaining it very well I know, but I hated it when I felt that buzz, thankfully none of them lasted very long but, I panicked at the thought of what would I do if they brought me to the edge?

I lost count of how many times I was invaded, the hot cum spraying deep inside me, disease laden cum maybe, HiV, Hepatitis, clap, I could be becoming infected, I might even be infected myself and infecting them.&nbsp; It was a comforting thought, fuck me and die. 

They left as quickly as they came, I crawled to a corner and curled into a ball to drift into the glorious relief of sleep.

I woke in the darkness, the drugs were wearing off, my jaw hurt, My ass hurt, and my pussy was bleeding again where he had pulled the dressing away brutally earlier, worst of all that devilish monkey of withdrawal symptoms was back, but my jaw, how could I eat with a dislocated jaw and if I could not eat then I must die.

My mattress, my haven, a corner of a filthy room, a stained soiled mattress, and a bra, all I could call my own, I wondered when would this nightmare end, and how, would it be starvation or would they take pity and kill me, a knife perhaps or an overdose.

I heard them, still awake, in the other room, talking. "No man she make a fine warning, is waste to waste her."

"Better still dead." 

The morning came, the grey light seeping through the curtains, the big one, George, came to use me, shoving his unwashed cock in my face fucking my throat making my flopping jaw grate, his side kick threw me over on my back, and fucked me missionary style, the stitches bled again, but somehow they held as he forced his evil grey diseased slime into me, my ribs ached, I guessed a few must be broken or cracked, and I struggled, desperate to save my innards from being torn, I tried to imagine he was good looking, sexy, I needed to feel my pussy getting moist but there was nothing except his pre cum and&nbsp; my blood to ease his thrusting.

I passed out, I must have stayed out for a while then a kick in the ribs woke me, a customer, he looked at me "I ain't that fucking desperate," he said and walked out,

I waited until it was real quiet and found a shirt and jeans and quietly opened the door.
The alarm screeched, people came running, lights blazed.

"You don't fucking learn," The big one accused, wielding his baseball bat, the first hit broke my nose, then as I fell he started on my ankles, smash, smash, smash. Left then right relentless, I heard and felt the bones breaking.

The woman spoke. "You fool look at her face, no one will pay for her now." they went back to asking questions, who, where, numbers, I just didn't have any answers.
They fetched this bench thing, A workmate they called it, metal legs wooden tops and huge vice like clamps.

The small one fed my hand into the jaws and the big one tightened the clamp. then as I straightened my fingers the big one hit them with his bat. I heard and felt the scrunch pf broken bone, I screamed until they gagged me again, then they did the other hand.

They hacked at my hair, at my long blond hair, hacked it with knives and tore some out in clumps. I guess the cigarette burns were done then, and then they released me and pulled my bra down , they hey had a gas blow lamp, they lit it and turned the flame on my breast.

I smelled and saw my nipple burning, I thought they would burn it right off, but then the small one decided to do my Labia instead.

They took me to the kitchen table, the small one took his dirty craft knife and started cutting, it hurt like hell, there were several women, the old one and some of the girls I worked with looking on, and a cat, he threw the cat the bits of my flesh as he cut them away, and the cat ate them, licked its whiskers. wanted more.

He sewed me up and then scraped the stubble from my pubes with a spare craft knife blade. I was in agony, they found some bandage and found me a pair of knickers to hold it in place then they left me tied and gagged on the floor again.

The big one gave me an injection for the pain, I felt wonderful, floating, dreaming, until it wore off.

They left me for days, Angie helped me, but there was no clean bandage and I was not healing.

I was no use, my ass too tight and mouth too small.

So they sorted me out, they strapped me on the bed frame, the big one was an artist with the wood saw and plane, he sawed and planed old lumber, rounding it to a nice taper, planing and sand papering so the small pencil like end of the cone was a nice smooth splinter free easy fit in my poor tight bum hole, and when he got it started in me he just hit the end with a baseball bat until it would not go in any further, hitting this piece of lumber, an old timber doorframe may be, perhaps two feet long, longer maybe, hitting it so it jerked up ino me inch by agonising inch until it would go no further, and he started ripping and wrenching this way and that till I bled and it came loose, then he made another one, the cone blunted, the whole thing bigger and he used that instead, the blood and shit of the first attempt lubricated this new one and again he used it like a lever ripping my ass this way and that with it.

I wet myself, wee'ed the bed, I lost control completely and then he was using a baseball bat handle first in my ass, he pulled it out and tried the blunt end and thats when he saw the mattress was soaking.

"You filthy bitch." he screamed and thats when he grabbed me and held me as he forced the shit covered baseball bat handle in my mouth and forced it on right into my throat, my poor dislocated jaw grated and I was sure that I had lost my remaining teeth but he now seemed to accept that I could suck him and the others off properly.

At least he had lost interest in smashing my internal organs and I at first I was almost relieved&nbsp; as he thrust his stinking unwashed black cock in my mouth, but the pain was indescribable, and as his penis filled my throat I was choking, unable to breathe, the spasms of my throat excited his glans and the slime started to slide downwards and thankfully he withdrew.

"Hey get a load of this fuck hole" he shouted.

The queued up. the men literally stood in line, literally stood in line to fuck my face, there were so many, perhaps they were customers for the other girls who "Worked" upstairs being offered a freebie, perhaps they paid but there were lots of them, six at least, as well as the big one, all black, every one black, milky coffee through to brown like constipated shit, it sounds racist I know but thats the way it was, black cocks in my smashed white English rose face.

"It pissed itself"&nbsp; he said when someone prodded my pubes, an act of kindness?&nbsp;&nbsp; Probably a attempt to save the customer an embarrassing wet patch, on the knee perhaps, but what of the blood leaking from my anus, his concern was certainly not out of consideration for me.

They left me, I could not even cough without the agony threatening to make me pass out, I lay helpless, every joint seemingly broken, there was activity and then I was alone, a door slammed and I felt I was completely alone, they had all gone, I lifted my head to look around but the pain made my pass out.

I started to dream of retribution, I hated them so much, their nasty black faces, I wanted them contorted in pain, all of them punters and pimps in baseball bat induced agony or maybe in a fire, with smoke and the timber crackling and flames and their hands and arms and legs burning, turning black only for the bleached white bones to emerge as the cindered flesh fell away as they screamed in their death agonies, perhaps a welding torch. 

Why not I dreamed, why not burn off a hand today and a foot tomorrow, the pubic hair one day, douse it in lighter fuel , tenderise the testicles with a hammer one day, burn the ball sac another and finally when the torso had just just the barest stumps of burned flesh and bone protruding from the buttocks and&nbsp; shoulders,the arms, fingers, toes, wrists, ankles, knees, elbows, fingers and their nails, oh what happy hours I could spent with a fireproof suit and a welding torch, or even an old blow lamp.

I imagined their hair burned away so the skull shone ghostly white, the jaw smashed and ripped away to sit like a trophy on a nearby shelf, the nose smashed, the now sightless eyes , their sockets playing host to the rotting remains of their ruptured fried eyeballs, the the strange holes left deep into the skull by the removal of the outer ears using pliers, or maybe a saw. 

The ass hole ripped wide enough for a chair leg and the entrails spilling out through the rent, only when all this was done would I burn away the penis, outer skin first, then the inner, finally the innards the veins and tubes which took the semen and piss, were there two, or was it just one, piss and baby making juice mixed together, I never really considered dissecting a penis, It seemed an odd idea but the burning, I wanted the burning, not a trial and them playing computer games in a nice snug prison but to die in real agony, hate began to take over my life.

Burning, yes burning, the smell, the heat, the feel, I knew that's what I wanted, but why burning, thats when I sensed something was different, wrong. I realised I was lying in my own filth but the smell was real bad, then I saw the smoke, it was the smell of smoke, I tried to stand but my ankles were smashed, smashed from so many repeated blows of the baseball bat, it was crazy how I had howled as he pulled out my painted toenails and clamped my toes in Vise Grips and bent them right back till they broke, it was crazy, so much crying for so little, who needs toe nails or toes come to that but ankles, you need ankles.

I remembered&nbsp; he had snapped my fingers, right after my toes, he had clamped my hand in a DiY tool called a workmate, a bench with a big vise and just slammed the fingers back the opposite way to the way they bend and they just shattered, hanging limp, scrunching as the misaligned bones grated, they had both&nbsp; had a go at cutting my hair off, they used garden shears at one stage, I thought they would cut my ears off but they just ripped my long blond out, by the hand full then cut, shaved, ripped and hacked as I screamed, afterwards they shaved my scalp with a ceremonial knife a long curved blade about six inches long with a carved Ivory handle, but what the hell was I worrying about the past for, the house was burning.

The smoke got worse, I scrambled on palms and knees across the junk strewn floor, the doors all locked, the windows painted shut. 
I got to the window, I tried to hit it, but almost passed out, I tried kicking but it hurt too much so I head butted it, the glass broke, I felt moisture, I knew my head was bleeding, but I hit it again to make the hole bigger then I dived through.

It took every ounce of energy I had but I smashed the last of the glass from the window with my shoulders as I shot through, thin cheap glass, they told me later I would have died if it had been double glazing.

I seemed to fall forever, minutes hours even then with a scrunch of grating broken bones I was outside, looking up at the sky, alive for now.

My life flashed before me, everything jumbled in the wrong order, my torture, my childhood, I'm still not sure about the order in which things happened even now, but then traumatised and drugged the sense of unreality was bewildering.

"Pity they did not get there five minutes later" was the doctors reaction. "For gods sake get her cleaned up."

It all whirled around my head, I know I'm not making much sense, you see&nbsp; I don't want to remember, but I need closure, somehow, someday, I need to love again, and be loved, can you love me, could you love someone who wakes screaming and walks only with difficulty and in pain, who cannot lift a coffee pot without pain, or run for a bus, whose jaw still clicks, no I didn't think so.

But you would fuck me wouldn't you, my nail-less fingers and toes, my carefully rebuilt nose and jaw, even my neat trim designer pussy, yes I can still pull, up till 2 a.m. but the demons come in the night, the pliers and the blow lamps and baseball bats , and I remember how desperately I struggled not to cum, the waves of excitement and ecstatic pleasure and the orgasms which washed over me as I lay there while their stinking cocks defiled me, their yellowed underpants with brown skid marks hanging round their dirty knees, thrills a designer negligee and a penthouse suite can never equal.

Yes I know you would fuck me, fuck and go, that's my future, but I'm waffling and wandering, you need to know about the men, yes, I'm sorry, I forget they had families parents, lovers children, I| suppose to them I'm the evil one, but that's life, I can't just forgive, I'm not made that way.&nbsp; 

Look give me a minute, perhaps we should continue in the morning, I'll tell you about it.

To be Continued?






Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Angie.Fuchs


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





