BDSM Library - All bets off




All bets off
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A man trains girls to become pets for rich customers. Eventually his consience catches up with him and makes him retire from his cruel trade. What shall he do with the last puppygirl he have had in training? This becomes a problem since the puppygirl refuses to be taken trough the final part of her training. 






All bets off

&#8216;The trainer&#8217;
 
The light turned on in the kennel, and like every time she blinked uncertainly while her eyes adjusted from the long time she had spent in darkness. She could dimly see her trainer walking in to the kennel on his way to open the cage that held her prisoner.
She used the brief moment to lift her head backwards to swallow down the drool filling her mouth. With the plug gag fitted in the ring of her leather muzzle her tongue was pressed down in the bottom of her mouth so she had to lift her head back in order to swallow. Even that a hard task with the broad collar that had been fitted around her neck. But that was about the only movement she were allowed in the tiny wire cage she spent most of her days in, the leather puppy suit she had been fitted in kept her limbs strictly restrained on all times. And even the moving of the head was hard with the broad rubber lined collar around her neck. Yet she had to swallow, with the plug was inserted she wouldn&#8217;t drool herself down during the time she spent in the cage, but as soon as she were taken out her trainer would remove it for her to feed, drink and also to whine and bark during her training exercises. And making a big spot of drool on the floor would displease the trainer, not the best way of starting today&#8217;s training session.

The training to become a puppygirl had at first been the obvious of the simpleminded and automatic obedience of any spoken command. Then it had been aimed at breaking down her inhibitions, to make her behave like a dog in every respect, starting with being housetrained using the litterbox, the sniffing of groins. It then had progressed to the part had been hardest for her since she couldn&#8217;t stand bad smells; putting her nose into her trainers shoes and socks sniffing deeply.
When she had been a free person she certainly had liked to obey the commands her Master or Dom would give her during play, so at first she had been a docile and obedient creature at his hands. But he wasn&#8217;t her 'Master', he had made that clear on the few times he had talked to her after her imprisonment. Hinting the training only was a prelude to being shipped to the real Master that would take over responsibility when the training was complete. So this was not about play any longer, like a play session lasting a weekend or a few days of the kind she had enjoyed so many times. It was now hard brutal reality, yet it differed in some ways from ordinary play where she were supposed to keep her eyes downcast in submission, now she was required to look at her trainer at all times with her eyes, either standing attentive waiting for a command, when making him aware she needed the litter box or begging for one of the treats he offered when she had performed a task to his satisfaction.
One couldn&#8217;t said that the trainer was even remotely considerate about her comfort of even well-being, rather that everything had been arranged for overkill in restraints and almost impossible drills, where she were to perform at the very edge of her capacity like the one she dreaded the most, the hour long workout on the running belt.
With her arms and legs folded by the leather sheets of her pet outfit, she had been bent down on all fours walking on her knees and elbows. The padding only a small blessing, protecting her against the hard concrete in the chilly basement where she received her training up to four hours a day. Even the feeding had been made almost incomprehensibly difficult, by having to eat and drink only using her tongue for scooping up the food or lapping up the water, it was the only way after the muzzle gag have been fitted on her face and made into a permanent addition to her outfit. The muzzle in turn keeping a rubberised metal ring behind her teeth forcing the mouth wide open at all times.

Her trainer obviously liked her panting with the mouth wide open and sometimes he would wedge in one large rubber bone during her training sessions. Despite her many restraints, and she was so completely strapped in that most persons would be unable to move at all, she eventually had managed to be able to be walked by his leash without trailing behind. Though she still had to give her utmost effort to keep pace. So the lessons have been learned the hard way, or she had to feel the chock of the electronic collar he used when she were learning new tricks or when the trainer thought she didn&#8217;t progress as well as he thought she should. And made it even worse when he had made comments like &#8216;suffer pretty for me&#8217;, not that she could do anything about it. Encased in her puppy suit of leather, she never has had any possible chance of resisting her trainer or the exercises he put her trough. 
All this had become part of the daily routine and she had long since lost track of time completely 

And it was more of that kind that she expected to endure as her trainer opened the door of the cage. Unlocked the set of safety locks from the walls of the cage that kept her in position by the d-rings that sewn into the harness. 
Her trainer then held the chain choker�in front of her, she pushed forward to insert the head and then by looking down the brought the chainlink around her neck with her chin.&nbsp; 
As usual he gave her no time to wriggle out of the cage on her own accord, even less giving her time to stretch the muscles that
always got stiff from the contorted position she had to endure in her undersized cage. 
Instead he pulled her out with one flowing motion, her eyesight blinded by the assault on her neck, seeing stars while she fought to inhale some precious air past the strangling of the chainlink.
Her trainer made his usual inspection of her mouth, her pierced breasts and the inserted tail, and not until that was finished did he&nbsp; release the pressure around her neck by whipping the leash sideways.
She gasped deeply when the choking squeeze finally was removed. Immediately she went to the position she had been taught, attempting to please by sitting on her hindlegs in front of her trainer pushing her head into his groin. 
This daily routine was broken off by another yank on the leash and once more she had to fight for breath while she wondered why she had to be treated this roughly when she had done everything the way she had been trained to do. 
So she was rather surprised when her trainer broke the familiar routine by stating; 'Today is your big day'.

She looked up with a faint feeling of hope, a weak expectation that she somehow had passed some kind of trials so that she now would be released or at least that things would improve.
Regaining her balance from his yank, she looked up in surprise when her trainer started to explain what he was about to happen. 
At first she was happy to actually be spoken to as a person that the message didn&#8217;t quite register.
The only words that had been said directly to her for such a long time had been the one or two word commands that she have had to obey swiftly, or risk severe punishment, but the happiness of having things explained to her soon gave way to a sinking feeling of despair when the words started to sink in.
'Your training have progressed well, so now you are to be taken one further step down the road to becoming the ultimate pet.' 
She wondered what more possibly could be done to her, she was equally certain that she wouldn&#8217;t enjoy it, and whimpered anxiously as when her trainer reached for the shelf over her cage that usually were holding the various tools that was used to enforce her obedience.
To her surprise he brought down a golden belt she hadn&#8217;t seen there earlier, perhaps it had been put there when she had been asleep. 
Did she really sleep that hard? Or had a sleeping pill been put in her food last night? Once again she wondered what really was going on in the house where she were held captive.
Her trainer explained what purpose the belt would have; 'A good pet does not hump the furniture or even its cage and when it is in constant heat like you seem to be, you either put on dogdiapers or a wrap around plastic sheet to prevent the female dog from mating with undesirable strays or mess up the furniture. In your case it will be a more permanent solution that will last longer than mere plastic since you are not intended for mating at all! 
So this is a necessary step, you don&#8217;t have intercourse with a dog, you might let it lick you, but sex is out of the question.

Holding the belt in front of her he turned it over for her to see, the front part were a broad sheet of metal engraved with a nice pattern, the rear had a hole for her anus and above that she could a sentence reading&nbsp; 'Bitch in heat' embossed in the metal with block letters. Above that the lock had been placed so that it would end up in the small of the back, her trainer explained; Ordinary chastitybelts have the lock in front, but as a puppy walk with its belly down, the lock could be scratched or even damaged so this belt have been modified with the lock moved to the rear side to give the owner easy access. This belt also keeps the anus open, to avoid it drying out you are must wear this new hollow plug permanently. It have the added benefits of not only holding the tail but also comes with a flushing tube for enemas as well as a conductive metal band that have been added for lets say, educational purposes or if you ever would get unruly.&#8217; 
After telling the options he turned the belt over so she could see that it held a short expanded tube for her rosebud, but also that the middle arch of the belt had one elevated part looking somewhat like a dotted egg.
Then she realized that what she first had mistaken for spots was in fact tiny holes drilled into the eggshape for the purpose of draining any liquids. She noted it was located so that it would end up over her pubic region understanding it had been wrought into the metal to keep this part of the belt at a safe distance from her genitalia. So no matter how she tried, she would now be unable to scratch or rub herself against anything. And also that rocking the belt itself wouldn&#8217;t produce any stimulation. She realized that from now on she would be unable feel any real pleasure, even that tingling feeling that she usually managed to achieve when she pushed her pubic region against the bottom of the cage. Her tears started to flow again, weeping without a sound, the only way she were permitted.
The trainer stepped over to her side and slapped her inner thigh to make her spread the hindlegs, the blow felt like a sting even trough the leather and she quickly obeyed. She felt the pressure against her stomage increase somewhat as the waistband was locked in place, but as soon as she the arch was bent down so she felt the cold metal against her sphincter she couldn&#8217;t help herself but panicked and tried to run away.
Several things happened at once, her trainer put out a foot to trip her, and she yelped as she fell hard on her tits hurting from the blow. He pulled up the leash strangling her and then getting on top of her back pushing his knee and lower leg into her back making her yelp once more as her mammaries were abrased against the rough concrete floor.
Choosing a dogwhip from the set of tools hanging from his apron the trainer started to whip her cheeks with a flowing motion until her whining turned into shrieks of sheer desperation.
&#8216;Oh well&#8217; the trainer said with a voice that suggested disappointment, &#8216;You might have the remaining strokes against your udders then.&#8217; He pulled on the leash with a slow irresistible pull that raised her head from the concrete floor. She flexed her limbs wildly to get a foothold and balanced uncertainly as he removed the rings from her nipples, then she felt the whip snake under her as the trainer continued the punishment raising welts on each of her tits by alternating sides with every blow.
Knowing she was literally at the end of her leash she stood as still as he could until he was finished, with her head facing the floor she whines quietly. Then she felt cold metal inside her as the trainer inserted a speculum to enlarge her sphincter so the tube could be fitted in her anus, she tried to relax so at least that part of the process wouldn&#8217;t be that painful.
Soon thereafter she felt the pressure of the tube increase as the belt was pulled tight between her legs and locked in place in the middle of her back. She felt a splash of oil then the trainer progressed to insert the anal plug and she had the brief impression of being drilled as the spiral groove on the buttplug digged deeper into her loins.
She was surprised by feeling a slight repeating movement in the plug, but didn&#8217;t dare to look up, not risking angering her trainer.
But the trainer started to explain as the rocking feeling continued inside her: &#8216;You have now been given a nice present, a furry tail that you will swing happily whenever you heel by my side or when you eat. It is springloaded so it might swing automatically whenever you run during your training. At this point she felt she had to take the risk of looking what was going on, and she did see the trainer using his hands testing the fitting of the tail in the plug as well as its swinging motion. 
Noting that he had the pets full attention the trainer continued while indicating the tail with his index finger. &#8216;I expect you are to start swinging this in greeting at any time I get into view from now on.&#8217; Since every introduction of new equipment so far had become as permanent as the suit that held her arms and legs, she realized it was there for keeps. She just couldn&#8217;t hold her feelings back, this thought made start to cry uncontrollably.
Now she had broken a second rule in a short period of time, and she was horrified for what cruel punishment she would have to suffer for this relapse into a behaviour that her trainer had declared she had been cured from. 

&#8216;In the manner of a dog&#8217;

Howling and whining was permitted, those considered proper doglike behaviour by her trainer, within limits of course. But weeping was strictly forbidden and received the cruelest punishment she ever has had to endure. In the days after she had been strapped into the restraining training suit she had been devastated crying constantly even when eating or using the litter box. Until that point her masochistic urge had given her one unsurpassed trip trough subspace, but now she crashed out of that completely. Her trainer would have nothing of that 'annoying whining' as he put it and started on a set of behaviour control sessions. 
Each time she failed him by crying, he stripped her of the leather sheets and straps covering her stomage, torso and back leaving only the arms and legs restrained locked onto one miniature x-frame he gave her a severe trashing with both the dogwhip and the floggers. To see her exposed body might have been a turn on for the trainer since he always ended those punishments by spraying some kind of foam into her and then progressed to hump her helpless frame. Perhaps this wasn&#8217;t about his lust but yet another way of degrading her. She hang motionless with her body hurting from the many blows it had received with her head hanging limp by the ring holding her broad collar. So mangled that she only managed to raise her head far enough to rub her lips against his neck then to lick weakly when he took her body. Locked in place by dozens of security hooks fastened to the d-rings of her stubby limbs and collar she was then left weeping silently in the darkness without food or water until she eventually learned to express her feelings in the manner of a dog.
So that was the kind of punishment she now expected to get, but instead the trainer abruptly went out of the kennel briefly only to return quickly brining her two bowls with food and water. When they had been placed on the floor she looked up at him holding his hand in ready position and then giving her permission to start by saying the single word &#8216;Now!&#8217;.
She first lapped water then moved over to the other bowl realising how terribly hungry she was. And so her trainer once again surprised her this day. Instead of preparing for punishment by arranging the metal cross frame he sat down on his knees and started to stroke her head while she continued to gulp down in the doglike manner she had been instructed and trained to use while he spoke.
'I know it was quite hard on you today, since you wasn't warned that this step would come. But in itself it was a necessary step in your conditioning,&#8217; he continued. Now you know that you no longer will have any control over or can make any decisions about what will happen to your body.&nbsp; That because it isn&#8217;t yours any longer! Right now I&#8217;m the holder, once that I have done everything possible; I have no further interest. It&#8217;s the journey that interests me, the journey of total submission, control and humiliation. When I have gotten there I will sell or hand you over to one of those Masters why have a fetish for the ultimate controlled slavegirl. 
But were far from there still. And that&#8217;s why I have taken control of yet two more aspects of this property of mine, with full control of the sexuality you have been robbed of the ability to feel pleasure by rubbing against the cage or whatever you might find against your rump. Such misbehaviour is over now, just forget it! I can also now control when my puppy are going to poo by giving enemas, but also punish by injecting solutions of strong spices.' 

At the time he made that statement the puppyirl had finished eating, but she's still uncertain why the expected punishment have been called off she listens in horror while continuing to lick the bowl like a dog would even when there&#8217;s nothing left to eat.
The trainer gets up, picks up the toothbrush from the shelf overhead, smears on paste and pulls the puppygirls head over to the waterdish. Using the small amount of water he starts brushing her teeth while he continues to tell what status she now have, that of owned property, completely owned in every single detail. He looks into her mouth and continued his monologue: &#8216;With this muzzle you are wearing there&#8217;s nothing to stop me from forcefeeding you. It might be more convenient after all, so why not! In the end I might find ways to control every aspect of my puppys body, in the end nothing will be under your control except breathing perhaps, but who knows!&#8217; He ended with a sinister tone.

She looked up horrified. And not daring to trigger her trainers anger she protested in the only way she could, whining with dog sounds meaning: Please don&#8217;t do this, have mercy, mercy, mercy, mercy! And with the ring gag in her mouth her only way to express this message was to whine, whine and whine! 
'Thence you will get time off today, to think things over. And this time only you are permitted to weep. Crying isn&#8217;t a bad thing but a release of the feelings so you can carry on. And today you will think things over so you have a day off, back to the cage! 
Her tears started to flow again, her trainers small display of compassion broke the dams and she let go of her feelings.
The trainer raised his voice into that commandeering tone he used when he was displeased of her performance. She felt a slap on her haunches, then she got several hard beatings. This spurring her to hurry all she could on her stubby legs, then to fall down on her belly in front of the cage door folding her arms and putting her legs under her.
This was the only position in which she could get into the small and uncomfortable cage, but despite her speed she couldn&#8217;t avoid receiving a few more hard strokes from the cruel hand. Eventually she managed to wriggle inside with her rear end first. She felt the tug on her limbs as the carbine hooks and padlocks locked her limbs and torso in position. This routine had not been considered punishment, but just to get her into one completely inescapable situation. As if the cage wasn&#8217;t enough!
Even without the hooks and padlocks her trainer would have to forget to lock both the cage and the door to the kennel, so she really didn&#8217;t have seen any chance of escaping. The redundancy of several means of captivity did however have a mental impact on her.

In the early days she had spent in the cage she been plotting what path she would choose if she ever had the opportunity. Her very best effort of running with her limbs moving wildly did only produce a speed comparable to a slow stroll. Even though the thousands of tiny steps she had to make exhausted her as much as a marathon. But the training on the obstacle course had made her realize that the stairs would be one insurmountable obstacle. The best idea she had been able to come up with was that she would try to hide in a corner somewhere if she ever had the chance.
But that would require that her trainer would have to forget locking both the cage and the door to the kennel, not to mention the heavy chain that now was added locking the broad collar to the top of the cage.
When the puppygirl finally had been secured by locks on all sides, and the silencing plug pushed in and fitted into her mouth her trainer finally locked the door of the cage then he flicked the light off as he walked out, she is once more left alone for another long wait. 
Waiting in the darkness she tries to rest and sleep, but without her usual training she isn&#8217;t the slightest tired.
But she never had managed to fall asleep that soon after being put in the cage, even though it would have helped her pass the hours faster, the situation was simply too extreme for natural rest.
The pain from the gigantic buttplug stretching her hole even further and that of her poor breasts mangled against the bottom of the cage certainly doesn&#8217;t help, she feels the stiffness creeping into her body, and tries to flex.
She discovered that she hadn&#8217;t been fettered the same way as usual, but even more rigidly, almost hanging in her bonds.
Even her head got very little space since it ended up on top of her arms when she hurried to get in with her face practically against the bars of the door. The collar chafe against her neck, and she tries to find another position, by rolling the head around she eventually manages to place her face on the side. 
With the stiffness setting in she&#8217;s now quite worried of getting a cramp, with her completely immobile captivity, she could not do anything about a cramp, except one thing and that was to get one orgasm. If she managed to get one, her body always had relaxed afterwards.
But when she try moving her hips to get some stimulation, she simply cant feel a thing with the belt gently pressing down into the flesh between her legs without touching any part that actually would give her any stimulation.
She starts to sob uncontrollably realizing that her trainer must have known how she had grinded her hips against the end of the cage to make the time pass, and on rare times even achieve one orgasm. She thinks back on what she was told and realizes that there&#8217;s is another reason for the tiny cage and its many locks and bolts. Simply that the trainer wants to demonstrate that he can do whatever he wish with his property. She cries silently over the pain, and the realization that she wont even be considered a person any longer, that she isn&#8217;t permitted even this small control over her body.
Her desperation deepens as she realize that he was right, her wishes and needs were no longer any part of the picture, when she was unable to resist or even express anything but the most basic needs by whines and body language, the body no longer hers but a toy completely at the control of the trainer.

The stiffness certainly spreading in her body she tries to evaluate her very limited options, some sleep would have helped her relax, but she simply cant though she knows she will eventually fall asleep from sheer exhaustion. 
She waits, how long she doesn&#8217;t know, but she prays that she wont get a cramp, it was uncomfortable before the addition of the belt.&nbsp; 
By moving the hips again she realizes that the she can make the tail swing, and the movement is transmitted to the buttplug that moves ever so slightly. After wiggling the tail for quite some time a slight tingling feeling spreads in her loins.
Yet it becomes another blow to her self-esteem, not only that it was something that her trainer had forced it upon her. Her desperation deepens when she realize that to get even this tiny stimulation she now would have to behave as a dog swinging the tail even when her trainer wasn&#8217;t around, just to get this slight stimulation.
Yet she continued to swing the tail while she wails over the hopelessness of her situation, but she really couldn&#8217;t risk getting a cramp, cramps hurt like hell! Eventually a warm feeling spread in her body and she did fall asleep from sheer exhaustion.

The next day she was released from her confinement and was brought for her regular training in the largest room in the basement that held the obstacle course. But her trainer didn&#8217;t start the exercises directly, first he gave new instructions.
&#8216;From now on you are to lick my hand whenever it is in reach, this way you will show your appreciation and devotion for all the work of your trainer have to do to keep you fit and trained. You might begin directly.&#8217; And so he held out his hand, she didn&#8217;t dare to do anything buy obey and so stretched her tongue past the ringgag licking his hand gingerly. &#8216;One last piece of advice for a stupid dog that cant remember the instructions from yesterday, swing that tail of yours, the tail should have started to wave as soon as I entered the kennel. Yes you are to swing the tail with a happy greeting even when you are in your cage!&#8217; Embarrassed she started to rock her pelvis swinging the tail while the trainer then picked up a small box from his pocket opened it and inserted plugs in her ears. He then produced a dogmask that he fitted over her head. The mask had two lobes on the sides of the head making her completely deaf!
She therefore had to be even more observant to the trainer&#8217;s hand signals by looking in his direction as often as possible while she navigated the track around the room. But she couldn&#8217;t always since she had to pay attention on the boxes she were to climb over or the bars that she had to get on her belly to crawl under, once more abrading the sore tits against the concrete since they certainly hadn&#8217;t healed for the rough treatment the day before. Since the trainer never let her run the same path she eventually missed a handsignal and went in the wrong direction, only to receive a severe shock in her abdomen. She fell down flat on her belly in surprise, with her stubby limbs splayed in all directions she looked up at the trainer only to receive another shock. She rose and started in the indicated direction, panting into the muzzle gag she didn&#8217;t have time to swallow but left spots of drool and spittle in certain key positions that made her slip the next time she returned there. Once again she received a excruciating jolt, then another some minutes later looking for her trainers hand signal she noted the hand was raised for &#8216;stop&#8217; so she did. 
The trainer walked over to the wall and picked down a new choker link, a pinch dog collar that had cruel claws turned inwards.
She looked up in horror and dreaded the thing from the very start, but the training in obedience made her raise her head to accept it, moving her head down she moved it around her neck in front of the permanent collar.
She did see the trainers hand in front of her, yet forgot what she was supposed to do until a pull on the leash made the claws pinch her neck and she started to swing the tail and licking his hand again.
After a moment of licking the trainer then started to lead her around the obstacle course, she now were certain that the path had been changed once more but she really tried to remember what directions she just had used, once she did make a wrong turn only to feel a pull in the leash that made the claws dig into her neck. The last vestiges of her will broken, she now followed single-mindedly to avoid feeling the cruel choker digging into her neck.
Next came the running belt, and she almost panicked when she realized that she would have to run with this pinch collar leashed to the front end of the machine. But she had to as soon as her trainer had sat down in his usual comfy chair picking up a beer with one hand he flipped the speed control with the other. The enforced rest the previous day mighty have helped. She managed to run on her short folded limbs while she kept the tail swinging. After a while a warm feeling started to spread in her abdomen, and she realized she was getting close to orgasm! She almost stopped in surprise but picked up the pace immediately when the pinch collar squeezed her neck painfully. Rocking her pelvis she continued to run on all fours to make that warm feeling return, but the opportunity had been lost. Exhausted from her workout she was brought back into the kennel, after the hood had been removed she was fed and watered.
She stumbled over to the food and water and started to feed when she felt a blow on her cheeks by the dogwhip.
&#8216;Wave the tail dammit!&#8217; he blurted and she finished her food while receiving several more strokes by the whip, her eyes filled with tears from the pain and humiliation of her once more having to receive punishment while eating, silently crying.&nbsp; 
The trainer walked over to her back and she felt the plug being removed, &#8216;litter box&#8217; he commanded and she walked over to the corner opposite of the cage where she had to perform her needs. She stepped over the rim and rotated so her rear end was located over the floor grid close to the cold water tap that was bolted to the wall.
She lifted the leg as instructed and standing with her hips sideways she managed to do her chores without soiling herself. The trainer walked over and rinsed her open anus with cold water, putting the fingers behind the belt close to the short of her back he 
pulled at the belt to open a gap and with the other hand he directed a small torrent of water towards her pubic region. She yelped when the water hit her sensitive spot but remained still, she didn&#8217;t dare anything other.
The trainer walked over to cage to dry his hands on a towel hanging on a hook, then indicating with his hand that she was to approach she returned and once more the hand was held in front of her, but this time she didn&#8217;t forget what she was supposed to do. 
&#8216;I&#8217;m somewhat disappointed of your performance today&#8217; her trainer said. You had your thoughts on something else perhaps?
He holds up the anal plug by the tail and wiggles it around, she hears a tingling sound and so the trainer reveals that the plug had one additional item. &#8216;This might not have been such a good idea right now,&#8217; he stated and continued &#8217;I thought the stimulation the bell provided would help you remember to wave your tail, but since you didn&#8217;t I have decided to progress directly with the next step.&#8217;
Despite its length, the new buttplug went in to the base quickly, yet it was at least as uncomfortable as the former one, making her feel as stuffed as she had been when the first plug had been forced in place. 
She was surprised to hear a squeaky sound of rubber against metal then realizing that the plug now had stuck so hard it would be very difficult to remove, and with the plug in place the belt itself would be equally hard to remove, comprehending that the belt really was there to stay in place from now.
She tried to look behind to see what was happening but the tear wet and sweaty hair had entangled over her eyes so she couldn&#8217;t see what happened next.
But her discomfort increased yet another step when she felt a pumping motion and the plug growing inside her!
She whines, over and over again trying communicate the simple message: &#8216;Stop, please stop!&#8217; But the trainer simply bends over and pushes the mouth plug into her mouth silencing any further attempts of protest.
At this point her entire being took a plunge into a bottomless pit of despair.

She is completely broken as she is once again placed in the cage, she is in fact so docile that the trainer had to push her inside with one arrogant push by his foot. Then tugs of movement as the trainer pulls on the d-rings on her torso and limbs as they are locked into position. This time she is certainly suspended, and strictly so. She can hardly find the slightest movement anywhere.
The trainer even make one adjustment when locking her permanent collar in place with the heavy chain that had been added the former day, by shortening the links her head now will have to hang freely and she ends up with her nose pointing out between two bars as the trainer locks the door. &#8216;Yes that&#8217;s the way a dog push its nose out when it wants to sniff a visitor&#8217; the trainer say and scratch her behind the ear.
She ponders the small blessing of not having to lie on her tits, when she feels something quite broad being inserted from the side of the cage hitting first one tit then the other, another one then nudges the front of her breasts and then the trainers hand against her as a third bar is fitted trough the rings of her pierced breasts. 
But the trainer isn&#8217;t finished yet, he adds weights to the single rod running trough the nipple rings stretching her nipples painfully downwards. This day she had wept so much that she have no tears left to shed that the added humiliation gives a completely different reaction. Instead of crying, she gets hiccups that start to rock her body pulling at her tits with each movement.

The trainer leaves after turning off the light and as she hears the lock click she howls into her stuffed mouth in frustration.
By hanging her in suspension the trainer have achieved the impossible, rendering her even more immobile. Like every time she feels her limbs stiffen and she tries to change position but every attempt of movements hindered by tautly stretched leather on every side. She sobs over the hopelessness of her situation, she cries because everything has gotten so much worse!
She wails over the destiny of being imprisoned and mangled, with the only prospect for the future to be even more harshly controlled as the trainer finds new ways to dominate and discipline. Subduing her in any which way, and bending her to his will with even more cunning methods until she quietly submits becoming nothing but a controlled package following the slightest indication, perhaps without seeing or hearing even ending without the ability to breath her own.
With the onslaught of the cramp she tries to rock her pelvis again, the tail swings around but she cant feel the slightest movement in her groin. The larger buttplug have been firmly wedged in place in the chastitybelt, so she&#8217;s now unable to feel the slightest movement no matter how much she wiggled of her tail, the inflated plug produce no tingling feeling not anything! She weeps from the humiliation that even this small pleasure now have been taken from her.

&#8216;Caught between a rock and a hard thing&#8217;

Months have passed: Since every change had been a change for the worse, she had started to loathe the idea of any more changes.
The puppygirl had been caught between a rock and a hard thing, and that meant she wanted no changes whatsoever.
So any time she her trainer had made any suggestion of a change that would come, she had started a whining frenzy, begging that he would change his mind by gingerly licking his hand or whatever that was within reach like dogwhip hanging from the trainer&#8217;s apron. 
Noting that any suggestion of change triggered this obvious desperation trainer actually had started to pay attention to the obvious desperation of the puppygirl and so he had to abort the final stages of training, contacting the prospective Master telling him that the deal had been called off. 
The original idea had been to sell the puppygirl for the cost of housing and training. She would then of course had been released from the training suit. It was after all intended as a temporary arrangement with all the adjustable straps pulled in as the puppy lost weight during the training, though sometimes they had to be slackened as some tended to gain muscle mass in some places like the thighs and shoulders.
He still had the half finished furry suit on top of his sewing machine cabinet, though if the training had been successful, resulting in a properly conditioned pet. He might even have settled for the minimal solution of pawmitts locked onto the wrists and a simple collar. But this time the training had taken a completely different path.


&#8216;Fuzzy muzzle, golden eyes, and a long rolling tongue&#8217;

Contrary to plan he had ended up as the owner, not that he did mind, it was after all such an attentive and obedient pet. Always waving the tail happily and following him around without actually getting in his way.
If he decided to take on another for training and selling, he would then have to make another training suit, but that was a small price to pay for having such a devoted pet as this one. Perhaps it would even assist by providing a living example of how a properly trained puppygirl should behave. And it really was well behaved and constantly attentive, whenever the puppy was free to roam, it would always move up in front of him. Sitting with its short stubby legs paws outstretched, looking at him with devoted eyes waving the tail in anticipation for any order he would give. Like to play with the rubber bone or sitting attentive waiting for permission to munch the treat he had placed on the puppy&#8217;s nose.
Devoted? Of course the expression was devoted, the small deep set eyes held a constant gleam of happy bliss. That was the expression he had chosen for the dog mask fitted on the puppygirls head. It had been hard finding a solution allowing the puppygirl to see, but in the end he had abandoned any thoughts of a compromise and settled for the kind of life like glass eyes that had a realistic dog iris. Though the pets eyesight must be rather blurred by the coloured glass. He had soon noted that it have had the benefit of encouraging to pet to move up in front of him to be able to see his hand commands, since the washers holding the glass beads in place gave the puppygirl an enforced case of tunnel vision.
But dogs have poor eyesight in any case so this had simply been another step towards more realism, and that was needed since the puppy head were inadequate in other respects. Looking from top it certainly was very similar to a dog head, with the ears pointing up suggesting one attentive dog, they were in such a position that they were nonfunctional and so the puppygirl was virtually deaf to any spoken command. The dark heartshaped nose made from resin was also enhancing the illusion it really had the right wet nose look. And when holding the hand in front you would feel the breathing since there were ducts ending in tubes fed into each nostril. 
Looking at the lower part of the puppy head was however one disappointment, it really didn&#8217;t have any lower jaw, since that would have rendered this puppy unable to feed. 
The new bigger ring gag fitted in the mouth had a set of holes along the circumference securing the many barbells that had been pierced trough the upper and lower lips pulling the lips past the teeth and so giving the pet a soft loving retriever type mouth.
While the creation a long rolling tongue had been a long painful process where he had to help the puppygirl with tube feeding during the weeks the tongue had been placed in the stretching gag harness.
But now the pet had reacquired the ability to flex the tongue so that it could eat on its own accord again, even after the barbells pierced in the tongue had been secured into the holes in the lower part of the circumference of the ring gag now holding the tongue outstretched hanging down the halfway to the puppygirl&#8217;s collar.
Other changes had been made during the taming process, most obvious was the nipple shields that now covered the tips of each breasts and the chain running from each of those to the collar, so that any pull or yank at the leash also would tear equally hard on both of her breasts. Even though this lineup had been in place for quite some time, he was still intrigued to see the practical application he so cunningly have found for the udders that had gotten so stretched by the repeated yanking. So once more he pulled at the leash to see the rather droopy tits being pulled up by the thin golden chains that was locked to the rings in the centre of each nipple shield. This obviously excited the trainer since he lifted his apron to unzip his pants to once again let his pet show how a devoted and compliant puppygirl express gratitude to its owner.

&#8216;A twist of the tail&#8217;

Madame was displeased by the errant behaviour of her puppyboy. Whipping hadn&#8217;t helped to correct the behaviour and since the puppy was in a constant rut she had been forced to install a chastitydevice fashioned of a tube surrounding the penis, a wiremesh around the balls and finally a cuff locked behind both holding everything in place.
Her supplier of training equipment had informed her that installing such a device would require that she then milked the pet regularly to avoid problems, and so she did also taking the opportunity to wash the puppy yet it was something Madame did although reluctantly since the pup made such a racket at those times.
But that wasn&#8217;t all, anytime she left her puppy on its own it came up with some mischief one way or other, perhaps just to make time pass or trying to get attention. After some time of this she came up with the idea of getting the puppy some attention so she bought a German shepard, her plan was to create a situation where the Shepard ended up top dog and so would keep the puppyboy in line. In the end this experiment failed, the two dogs became close friends and tended to lick each other a lot. And she loathed the idea of having her genitalia licked by a mouth that had been messing with a dog some hour earlier, even if it had been washed thoroughly. So the Shepard were resold, and Madame soon would see the errant behaviour return but some time later she would get one offer that solved this matter.
The phone rang and so Madame received one unexpected offer, the pet trainer she had known for a long time asked if she would consider lodging one older puppybitch.
&#8216;But why don&#8217;t you take her yourself&#8217; she blurted. &#8216;You know that I have no affinity toward female ones, whereas you do!&#8217;
The answer from the other end of the line surprised her even more &#8216;Well the truth is I am retiring, I have already started to tear down the facility in the basement and will haul the remaining parts it to a junkyard out of town as soon as I found someone who take care of the last occupant. &#8216;I hope you will give it a warm and caring home as a sort of payment for the times it have had to endure.&#8217;
Madame thought for a bit in silence, then made a compromise suggestion, &#8216;Why don&#8217;t you bring it over and will consider your offer then,&#8217; they finished the call agreeing on a time when the trainer would come over and hang up.

&#8216;Puppy love&#8217;

The new puppybitch have obviously been trough some rough times, its derriere and bosom crisscrossed by whipmarks.
It only had a broad metal collar on its neck and pawmitts fitted on the hands which gave the pet quite some freedom to chase around. Yet Madame noted it haven&#8217;t always been so. An inspection did show darker spots of skin in the lips and nipples suggesting that those and some other parts of the body had been pierced and the piercings had been in place until quite recently.
&#8216;I see that this puppybitch obviously have been trough some rough times&#8217; Madame said.
&#8216;This puppybitch have served well for a long time&#8217; the trainer said his voice trailed off with his face and body showing signs of embarrassment, but started again after a moment of silence. &#8216;This one isn&#8217;t for play, but for good time in retirement. And that&#8217;s why I considered you a suitable holder.&#8217;
Madame assumed he had been the original trainer and that the puppygirl had ended up with a rather extreme owner after that, yet that the trainer had somehow gotten hold of the puppygirl and now offered the pet to someone who would not mistreat it any more.
&#8216;I understand&#8217; Madame said and so making a complete faulty assessment of the situation she accepted custody of the pet by saying &#8216;Perhaps you will become good company for my puppyboy. So agreed then, I let you stay here then&#8217;.
When hearing those words the puppygirl turned over and with the head on the floor it displayed its plugtailed rear towards Madame.
This display of showing the genitalia without any embarrassment was obviously the pets way of telling she accepted that all and everything now belonged to Madame. &#8216;What a lovely creature&#8217; the Mistress cooed and led the puppybitch away on its leash.

End

� Aibo and Cat 2005




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Aibo


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





