BDSM Library - Kinky Kat




Kinky Kat
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A chance meeting at a bookstore results in severe kinky weekends for Rick.







Story: Kinky Kat (F/M femdom)

It was obvious to him from the start that Kat was dominant.&nbsp; She was 
very attractive, with the athletic appearance of the kind you see in 
photos of women's track and field events. When Kat first saw Rick at 
the bookstore she decided that he was the kind of guy she wanted. She 
noticed him frequently looking at her, and after a while she came over 
to him with a friendly smile and asked if he would take a look at her 
laptop computer to determine why it was not working well. Flustered by 
the unexpected attention, he blushed and stammered that he would be 
glad to. She said it was in her car, and they could look at it there.&nbsp; 

He followed her out of the bookstore. She was rather tall in her 
heels, and her long stride was that of a very self-assured woman.

"I can't wait to get out of these hose and heels," she said as she 
unlocked her car. "Tell you what -- instead of sitting here in the 
heat, let's take my laptop into the snack bar and you can look at it 
in there."

Kat ordered dessert and coffee for both of them while the machine 
rebooted, and she made a point of looking directly at him with probing 
eyes and smiling sexily while he investigated her complaint that the 
computer was running slowly. He was fascinated that her computer 
desktop wallpaper image consisted of a collage of various bondage and 
discipline items -- a cat-o-nine-tails, a wooden paddle, a riding 
crop, and even an enema bag, for heaven's sake!

While he worked, Kat asked him a myriad of questions and found out his 
situation -- that he was basically available and submissive. She also 
employed some techniques to determine how desperate he was for sex. 
After he finished correcting a few things and showed her that her 
laptop ran faster, she thanked him profusely and then became more 
direct with him.

She lowered her voice almost to a whisper, leaned forward, and grasped 
his hand.&nbsp; She knew that he liked her attention. She thrust one leg 
forward until it made contact with his.

"I'm going to take a risk and be rather direct," she said. "I think we 
would get along well in bed." She waited for his look of surprise and 
eagerness, and continued. "I've got to warn you, though. I'm dominant, 
and I'm kinky. If you're interested, I'll say more." She drew back and 
dispassionately waited for the answer she knew was forthcoming.

He assured her that he would like to hear more, and she drew near 
again. "I have a very high-stress job -- lots of frustrations. I took 
the day off today to recover and get away from it. I'm not available 
for play during the week, so when the weekend comes, I'm ready to make 
up for it. I let my hair down and my inhibitions out."&nbsp; Kat was sure 
that her new friend had an erection that pressed against the confines 
of his pants, and continued.&nbsp; "I'll give you a good hard spanking, 
then a nice big enema or two.&nbsp; After that, I'll have my way with you, 
in several different ways, till you beg for mercy."

Kat giggled.

"Look at the time," she exclaimed.&nbsp; "I've got to get home and out of 
these clothes. Here's my phone number -- call me tomorrow if you want 
a new experience this weekend." Then, with a sexy giggle as she 
talked, she instructed him, "Don't take matters into your own hand, 
now. I want you to save up every drop for the weekend."&nbsp; She reached 
under the table and put her hand on his crotch, felt the hardness 
there, and giggled again. "He'll be busy this weekend.&nbsp; Bye now." Then 
she got up and left.

Kat got the expected phone call the next day, and told him to meet her 
for a light dinner at a restaurant close to her place on Friday 
evening.

During dinner she teased him, subtly suggesting that if he went along 
with her plans she was insatiable for sex. By the end of the meal he 
was totally submissive to her, and she gave him directions to her 
house.

The first thing she had him do when he was at her place was to strip 
totally.&nbsp; She watched as he removed his clothes, and smiled at his 
slight mental discomfort as his erect cock protruded straight out. 
Kat, of course, remained fully dressed.

"Let's go to my bedroom," she instructed, and led the way.&nbsp; Once in 
her room, she turned around and lightly fingered his cock for a few 
moments.&nbsp; His breathing deepened as did his desperation.

"How about a spanking," she sexily whispered, knowing that a 
submissive male is more than willing to offer his ass to an attractive 
woman.

"Yes.. Yes ma'am," he quavered.

She pointed to a firm cylindrical pillow on the floor.&nbsp; "Pick that up, 
put it on the edge of the bed, and bend over it with your feet on the 
floor," she commanded. He scrambled to do as she told. When he was 
positioned, she added, "Arms stretched out in front!"

He instantly complied, and Kat continued. "Now you are presented for 
the paddle.&nbsp; Whenever I tell you to present yourself for the paddle, 
this is what you do. Always. And if you are dressed, you pull your 
pants down enough to bare your bottom."&nbsp; She leisurely fetched a 
hardwood paddle and began.

He exclaimed loudly with each hard swat. The paddle always hurts more 
than expected. When he kicked his legs, she admonished him to keep 
still. Twenty hard swats she gave before she stopped. She lightly 
touched his blazing bottom and ran her fingertips all around. "Nice 
and red," she commented. She continued the soft caresses until he 
started to softly moan with pleasure at her touch. "I'd like to give 
you an enema," she sensuously whispered. "Would you like Nurse Kat to 
give you a nice, warm, sudsy enema?" She continued her touching.

"Yes, ma'am."

"Well, tell me that you want it!"

"N-Nurse Kat," he stammered, "Please give me an enema."

"A nice warm, sudsy enema?"

"Yes, please! A warm sudsy enema!"

"Okay, I'm going to fix a warm, soapsuds, two quart enema! Then you're 
going to offer your ass to me and I'll stick the nozzle in. You will 
take every last drop and hold it until I tell you to get rid of it. 
You'll feel so full, but you'll stay holding it. (giggle) Will you do 
that for Nurse Kat?"

"Oh, yes!"

"Good. Stay right there while I fix it."

Kat prepared a two quart soapsuds enema and called him into the 
bathroom. She had him kneel on the floor with his head down. After 
teasing him to a desperately erect state, she inserted the large 
nozzle and started the flow. His intense arousal assured his 
cooperation with Kat. The fluttering in his tummy that he felt in 
anticipation turned to a distressing fullness as the liquid inexorably 
intruded. Kat reduced the flow rate, though she never stopped the 
enema. She took sensuous delight in her charge's utterances of 
distress.&nbsp; After the enema was completely inside him, Kat left the 
nozzle in place while she made sure he retained it for the requisite 
five minutes.

He moaned and exclaimed from the fullness and the occasional cramping. 
Kat spoke reassuringly to him while she fingered his cock. At long 
last, she let him get up to expel, and told him to clean up in the 
shower afterward.&nbsp; While he did so, she had ample time to prepare for 
the next step.

When he entered the bedroom after getting cleaned up, he was treated 
to a breathtaking sight -- Kat was lying on the bed, totally naked, 
her legs partially spread, her hair down. His hungry eyes took in the 
beauty of the scene - her firm, smooth legs, her inviting thighs, her 
sensuous pubic hair, her firm abdomen and breasts, and finally, her 
bright smile.

Kat placed her hands behind her head as she lay there.&nbsp; "Do me with 
your mouth," she softly said in a near whisper. "I want to see if 
you're any good at eating pussy."

He eagerly tasted her nectar and in the course of twenty minutes, gave 
her two orgasms. When she calmed down from her orgasmic crests, she 
told him, "You may enter me now."

He savored the moment he had waited for -- Kat guided his throbbing 
member toward her womanhood, and he easily slid inside. She put her 
arms around him and smiled.&nbsp; "Easy now," she whispered soothingly, "I 
love the feel of your cock in me. I want to feel it for a while before 
you come. Build up slowly, so that every part of your body will feel 
it when you climax."

Kat puckered her lips, and he moved in for sensuous kisses as he 
slowly pumped.

"Oh, and one more thing," she casually stated. "I told you I was 
kinky. Every time you come inside me, you must use your mouth on my 
pussy afterward, and suck me clean. Every time."

Kat saw the confused desperation in his eyes as he comprehended what 
she had just told him. She knew that she was no doubt providing the 
best sex he had ever had, and now she imposed a condition on his 
getting the relief that he so eagerly craved.

She subtly moved under him, smiled sexily and asked, "Yes?"

His nuts ached for her, especially since he was experiencing a session 
that a lot of guys would envy. He thought of Kat's attentions, her 
beautiful legs and pussy, and his fervent desire to spurt inside her. 
With a tone of resignation, he whispered, "Yes."

Kat smiled, placed her hands behind her head, and started to sing a 
melody without words.

He steadily pumped. A massive ejaculation built up steadily as he 
plowed and she sang.&nbsp; Her wordless voice seemed to originate from her 
midsection, and stimulated him further. A moment later, the 
stimulation was too much for him, and he yielded to the inevitable. 
Spurt after spurt shot from his cock into Kat's womanhood as he 
thrashed about in orgasmic ecstasy.

Kat placed her arms around him and held him inside her for a few 
moments. Then she grasped his hips and withdrew him.&nbsp; "Okay," she 
whispered, and spread her legs slightly. He had some hesitation at 
first when he saw the translucent white creamy substance oozing from 
Kat's attractive womanhood. He brought his resolution to the fore and 
performed his committed task. Afterward, he reasoned that it was worth 
it. Kat's reaction to his oral attention was nothing short of 
phenomenal. She twisted her hips, she pounded the bed with her fists, 
she exclaimed with open-mouthed moans. And, she climaxed hard.

"That was wonderful," she coarsely whispered. "Let's get some sleep." 
They both slept hard for several hours.

He awoke to the familiar sensation of an early morning erection, and 
saw Kat smiling at him. She grasped his erection and teased it for a 
few moments and said, "First, it's an enema for you. Then we'll have 
breakfast and get back to having fun."

She had him take more than two quarts of enema this time, warm and 
sudsy, and greatly enjoyed his reaction while he retained it. After a 
leisurely breakfast, they were back in the bedroom, Kat fully dressed, 
and her charge completely naked.

"When I tell you to prepare yourself for the strap or the cane, I want 
you to put the bolster pillow in the center of the bed, and lie face 
down on top of it with your hips raised. I'm going to give you a good 
strapping. Prepare yourself."

Kat retrieved a leather strap, and proceeded to thoroughly redden his 
nether cheeks. She delighted in his urgent shouts as she delivered 
stroke after stroke of the leather instrument.

When she stopped, she removed her clothes and donned a strap-on 
harness with its flexible probe. Then she snapped on a disposable 
glove.

"Have you ever been taken with a strap-on?" she asked.

"No ma'am."

Kat giggled.&nbsp; "Turn that pillow around and get on top of it face down 
so I have good access to you," she commanded while she retrieved a jar 
of lubricant. He turned the bolster pillow so that he lay on it 
lengthwise with his hips and midsection raised.

She generously lubricated his nether portal, and did the same to her 
probe. When he felt Kat's strong hands grasp his hips in preparation 
for entry, he knew without a doubt that however fast, deep, or hard 
she wanted the probe to go, it would do exactly that. She went slowly 
at first, getting him accustomed to the intrusion. Her strong hips 
then fucked him harder and faster. His exclamations intensified her 
arousal, and she frequently giggled while subjecting him to a 
strenuous fucking.

"Oh, that felt good!" Kat exclaimed when she pulled out and removed 
her harness.

Kat had him turn over. She teased his erection for about an hour, and 
then whispered, "Fuck me.&nbsp; Remember what I told you about sucking me 
clean afterward." Then she lay back in a submissively enticing manner. 
He wasted no time entering Kat's creamy womanhood. After less than a 
minute of deep pumping, he profusely erupted inside her. A few minutes 
later she loudly moaned as he applied his mouth to her freshly sexed 
pussy. After her whole body shook with her orgasm, they cuddled and 
rested for a while.

Twice more that day she had him apply his mouth to her pussy without 
affording him any relief. That evening, she mercilessly teased his 
cock over an extended time before going to sleep.

Twice during the night she woke him up by fingering his cock, and had 
him fuck her, followed by his giving her a raucous orgasm when he 
performed his cleanup duties.

They both slept through much of the following morning, after which she 
gave him a three quart enema followed by a severe caning. She 
instructed him to present himself as he did for the strap. As she 
briskly wielded the cane, he shouted while he pumped and jerked his 
hips, something that she found arousing. When she took him with her 
strap-on afterward, she fucked well past the point of his begging her 
to stop. His cries of, "Oh, Kat! Please! Please stop! Please stop!" 
served to bring her to a full body orgasm. Only then did she pull out.

As they lay cuddling on the bed afterward, Kat told him how she 
received her training in being dominant.

"I've been on the receiving end of everything that I do," she began. 
"When I realized that I was dominant and needed to relieve my workday 
frustrations on a man's bottom, I wanted to be sure to know how to do 
it right, so I enlisted the help of another woman. At first I thought 
she was just going to show me how to do it. But she insisted that I 
should go through everything that she did to her boyfriend so I'd know 
how it felt. At first I did watch for several sessions. Everything, 
including the enemas, and her boyfriend fucking her. She had the same 
rule that I have - everything he put into her pussy, he had to clean 
out with his mouth. That's so sexy!"

She grasped his cock and fingered it as she talked.

"After several sessions she put me through the paces. She gave me 
enemas and spankings, and took me with the strapon -- in the tail end. 
She even had her boyfriend fuck her, and then had me clean her pussy 
once. (Giggle) That was something!"

Kat felt Rick's erection hardening.

"I see that this excites you. (Giggle) After that, she had me practice 
on her boyfriend. I gave all kinds of enemas, spankings, and other 
domination things. I took him with the strapon several times. The only 
thing he didn't do is fuck me."

Kat maneuvered so that she was on top of him, and inserted his now 
hard cock in her womanhood. She smiled and slowly pumped her hips.

"Are you going to come back next weekend?" she asked.

"Ahhhh! Yes!"

Kat kept up her inexorable pumping.

"I want you to not do yourself by hand more than once this coming 
week.&nbsp; Save the rest for the weekend.&nbsp; You want to put all that in my 
pussy, don't you? (Giggle)"

"Unhh! Yes!"

"Are you getting ready to cum? You gonna cum? You gonna cum?"

"Ahhh! Oh God, Kat! Uhh! Uhh! Unhh!"

Kat drained every drop from his reserve, and then lay back while he 
extracted what he had put in. She experienced a body-shaking orgasm.&nbsp; 
When they got dressed, she gave him a long, passionate kiss, and sent 
him home.

During the week Rick had frequent erections just thinking about Kat 
and the wild weekend. The idea of her giving him enemas excited him, 
and even the spankings that are so hard to endure when they are 
happening served to whet his arousal. When he recalled her gorgeous 
thighs and pussy, and spurting wildly inside her, it took all his 
resolve to resist taking matters into his own hand. Midway through the 
week he did allow himself the one time that Kat permitted. Although he 
still had some reservations about sucking on Kat's delicious pussy 
after ejaculating inside her, he admitted to himself that her excited 
eyes, plus the sight of their combined juices oozing from her freshly 
sexed pussy almost made it worth it.

Kat frequently jilled herself just before sleep, thinking about the 
weekend and making plans for the coming session. The relief she got 
from jilling herself paled in comparison to the rush of arousal from 
dominating, followed by her sweet orgasms when a guy sucks on her 
pussy after pumping it full of his cream.

Rick came over that Friday afternoon as planned, and Kat immediately 
began by ordering him out of his clothes. She set the tone of the 
weekend by administering a lengthy strapping and gave him a large 
enema. Later as he lay on the bed with his legs spread and a healthy 
erection pointing skyward, she alternately teased his erection and 
flicked her finger against his balls, sometimes softly, most of the 
time hard enough to make him exclaim. Her sexy giggle alternated with 
his sometimes anguished shouts.

She brusquely took him with her strap-on, and then they went to bed. 
She turned out the light and prepared to go to sleep. Rick, for his 
part, whispered his entreaties. "Please, Kat! Please!" She pretended 
to ignore him for a while, then turned on the light. She got on her 
back and spread her legs and told him to kneel between her knees. Then 
she grasped his member and quickly jerked him off, aiming so that he 
spurted on the inside of her thigh. She then ordered him to clean the 
spunk with his mouth. After that, she had him lick her pussy until she 
climaxed. They both slept after that.

The next morning Kat gave him another large soapsuds enema. After a 
brisk caning in which he wildly pumped his hips with each stroke, she 
placed the cane on the nightstand for later use instead of putting it 
away.

Kat was practically insatiable when she gave him a good working over 
with her strap-on. Rick's shouts as she plunged and pounded, served to 
arouse her to a degree that surprised her.

Afterward, she tied his hands against his sides, had him turn over 
face up, and straddled his midsection. She inserted his cock into her 
juicy womanhood and, over the next forty minutes, slowly pumped, with 
many pauses, to the accompaniment of his desperate and aroused moans. 
At one point she told him. "This is how I like to be made love to -- 
nice and long, and slowly when necessary. Not all frenzied and over in 
a flash."&nbsp; When she was ready for him to spurt the massive load that 
built up with all the activity thus far, she pumped slightly faster, 
and did not stop until he ecstatically cried out her name in his 
ejaculatory convulsions.

Kat giggled, and kept his cock inside her as long as she could.&nbsp; When 
it slipped out, she said, "Ready for dessert?" and straddled his 
mouth. As he kissed and sucked on her well creamed womanhood, Kat rode 
his face and experienced several orgasms.

She untied him, pumped a generous serving of lubricant inside his 
nether portal, and inserted a self-retaining butt plug. They got 
dressed and went out for a leisurely meal.

The constant sensation of fullness from the butt plug while being 
around Kat heightened Rick's surrender to her. "I want you to wear 
that butt plug three or four hours a day," Kat instructed. "Give 
yourself a couple of enemas in the middle of the week. And NO sexual 
relief!"

Kat knew that it was not wise to keep her new friend in constant 
denial of pleasure, so she decided to give him some motivation to 
return and to obey her instructions when he was away. Back at Kat's 
that evening after dinner, she teased his erection until it seeped. 
Then she told him, "Tonight you can fuck me as much as you want to. If 
I'm asleep and you want me, just wake me up and I'll let you in. My 
pussy rule still stands, though -- you give me pleasure with your 
mouth after you squirt. And remember what I told you this morning 
about how I like to make love."

That night was pure heaven for Rick. He took Kat three times before 
morning, commencing immediately after her announcement. He prolonged 
intercourse as much as he could, and by the third time in the early 
morning darkness, he rode her substantially longer than he had before. 
That time, Kat lay back with a dreamy smile and moaned contentedly 
several times before he blasted forth inside her with a wrenching 
ejaculation. Scarcely a few minutes later, Kat's choked utterances 
signaled her orgasm. They slept well.

When they got out of bed, Kat handed him some clippers and razors and 
told him to go in the bathroom and shave himself from the waist down. 
In spite of his trepidation, he found the enhanced feeling of 
nakedness extremely erotic. When he emerged into the bedroom, his 
throbbing erection pointed straight out. Kat giggled and had him lie 
back on the bed while she applied hot towels, foam, and the razor to 
the hair that he missed around his balls.

She tied him spread-eagle on the bed, retrieved the cane, and with one 
hand holding his cock out of the way, delivered several smart strokes 
to his balls. His exclamations were sweet music to her. When she 
decided his balls had been punished enough, she slowly stroked his 
cock back to its previous hardness, and proceeded to fuck him, 
leisurely and slowly, over the next half hour before allowing him to 
erupt.

Subsequent to her raucous orgasm from his cleaning her pussy, she 
untied him, they got dressed, and she gave him the butt plug he was to 
wear daily along with written instructions. He was to have no sexual 
relief, keep himself smoothly shaved from the waist down, and show up 
the following Friday evening.

His balls sore, his cock drained, and his legs and pubes shaved 
smooth, Rick admitted to himself that although the sessions were 
becoming more severe, he experienced more pleasure from each one in 
succession. During the week he had persistent erections while 
following Kat's orders to wear the butt plug and avoid relief. 
Thursday evening he shaved himself for the weekend.

The following day he presented himself at Kat's.&nbsp; She had him 
lubricate and insert the butt plug, and they went out to dinner. They 
sat next to each other, side by side. She sipped Chianti while he had 
water. They were nibbling on the appetizer when she giggled and told 
him, "Keep your hands on the table for the next couple of minutes."&nbsp; 
She reached under the tablecloth and unzipped his pants and grasped 
his cock, which immediately firmed up. After she manipulated it for a 
moment, she poured some olive oil on her plate and discreetly oiled 
her fingers. Then she reached under the tablecloth and began to 
skillfully hand job Rick.

He put an arm around her shoulder and whispered in her ear, "Kat! 
Kat!"&nbsp; In less than a minute she brought him to ejaculation. As he 
freely spurted under the table, he trembled and hoarsely whispered, 
"Oh God, Kat! Ah! Ahh! Ahh!" She giggled as she held his pulsing 
member in her hand. After a moment his cock became soft in her hand 
and she tucked it inside his pants. As she wiped the oil from her hand 
with a napkin she casually said, "I think your zipper's undone -- 
maybe you should take care of that. He sheepishly reached under the 
tablecloth and fixed his zipper. They went on to have an enjoyable 
dinner, during which Kat asked him many questions about how he fared 
during the week. She mentioned how eager she was to start him off with 
a nice warm three quart enema when they got back to her place.

True to her word, a couple hours later she administered a three quart 
soapsuds enema and had him retain it for ten minutes while he 
struggled and groaned. A while later his heart raced when he felt 
Kat's firm hands grasp his hips in preparation for a good fucking with 
her strap-on. Those hands held him in place while she lustily pumped 
and pumped. She varied the timing and force of her thrusts, and each 
one got a reaction from him. Finally, with her probe still inside him, 
she lay forward. She grasped his forearms and placed her naturally 
smooth legs alongside his recently shaved legs, and using only her 
powerful hips, pumped until he begged for mercy.

Afterward, Kat lay back while Rick applied his mouth to her aroused 
pussy. Then she let him in, and they had long-lasting intercourse in 
varying positions. After he profusely ejaculated inside her, he again 
treated her to his oral skills.

Kat was too tired to administer a spanking, and told him she'd give 
him a good paddling after his morning enema.

The following morning he had his enema, breakfast, and a paddling in 
that order. Then she teased him all day using her hands, her body, her 
sexy voice, butt plugs, and ball weights. When evening came she told 
him, "You can fuck me once tonight if I whip your balls with the cane. 
Or, you can choose to go to sleep and be frustrated all night."&nbsp; He, 
of course, after all the teasing and denial he endured that day, chose 
the caning.

She took all her clothes off, had him lie face up on the bed with a 
firm pillow under his hips, and tied his feet and hands. She held his 
cock with one hand, and subjected his aroused balls to an ample caning 
using her other hand. Each time Kat imparted a brisk stroke with the 
tip of the cane, Rick exclaimed loudly, pumped and jerked his hips for 
a moment, and settled down for the next stroke. His reaction intensely 
aroused her.

When she decided that Rick's balls had been subjected to enough of the 
cane, she untied him.&nbsp; With an aroused look in her eyes she told him, 
"Okay, just once tonight. Make it last as long as you want to." She 
lay back and waited for him to enter her.&nbsp; He plowed her pussy in 
various ways -- fast, slow, brusque, and tender. He made the session 
last for well over a half hour, and several times had to completely 
stop all pumping for a few moments so that he could savor the 
experience. He gradually built up a massive ejaculation, and emptied 
the day's tension inside Kat's willing pussy. After she straddled his 
mouth and he gave her womanhood the expected oral attention, they 
slept soundly.

Before lunch Kat administered a sound paddling and his third enema of 
the weekend. They had lunch, and then they cuddled on her bed, and 
after some foreplay, she alternately took him with her strap-on and 
teased his cock to an erect state. When he was near crazy from the 
stimulation, she tied him and straddled his midsection. After 
inserting his hard seeping cock inside her, she slowly -- very slowly 
-- fucked him over a lengthy period of time, making sure he did not 
ejaculate.

When her hips ached, she then allowed him to spurt inside her, and 
kept him there until he slipped out. She untied him, had him suck her 
pussy to orgasm, and sent him home with instructions for him to give 
himself two enemas immediately before next Friday's session.

It took all of his will power to avoid sexual relief during the week. 
As much as he wanted relief, he also wanted to follow Kat's 
instructions. He did not like the idea of lying to her if she asked 
about it, and he did not know what consequences would follow if he 
told her that he had taken matters into his own hand.

He went to Kat's place already aroused from his denial of relief. She 
gave him a brisk, hot paddling and then they went to dinner. When they 
got back to her place, they both stripped completely. Kat seated 
herself on an ottoman and spread her legs. The sight of her delectable 
pussy brought forth immediate seepage from Rick's hard member.

Kat knew that Rick could not withstand what she had in mind for later 
in the weekend without some relief prior to that, so she had him kneel 
between her thighs and enter her. She controlled the depth of his 
pumping by placing her hands on his hips and guiding him in and out. 
She did not allow him to enter her up to the hilt, and only permitted 
him to thrust his cock halfway inside. She puckered her lips and he 
pressed in for sensuous kisses while he worked up to a wrenching 
ejaculation. He spurted pulse after pulse of hot semen into her 
welcoming womanhood, and stayed inside as long as he could. Kat then 
had him lie on the floor and she straddled his mouth. She freely 
voiced her arousal and subsequent orgasms as he kissed and sucked her 
pussy clean.

Subsequent to a refreshing sleep, Kat gave him an enema the next 
morning, but no spanking. She tied his hands to the bedposts leaving 
the rest of his body free, and slowly teased him over an extended 
period of time until he seeped. She brought him to the edge of 
ejaculation several times without letting him cross the line. He 
pleaded with her for relief, and she ignored him. Then she stripped 
and pressed her whole body against his for a few minutes.

She casually stroked his member as she told him her plan. "I've got a 
little game for us," she giggled.&nbsp; "I'm going to oil my hands and pump 
your cock ten times.&nbsp; If you can keep from cumming, you can fuck me 
all day as much as you want. If you cum, though, that's it till 
tomorrow, plus I'll give you two spankings and have other kinds of fun 
today." She giggled again, and squirted some oil on her hands.

She placed both hands around his cock. "Here goes, now," she tittered. 
Then she gave a slow, sensuous stroke, up once and back down. "One."

"Ohhhh," Rick moaned.

Kat giggled sexily as she stroked his cock once more. "Two!"

"Uhh! Uhhh!"

She smiled and stroked again. "Three."

"Uh! Oh, Kat!"

She giggled and gave another one. "Here's four!" Rick's cock twitched.

"Kat, Kat! Uhhhh!"

On the fifth stroke, his cock pulsed once. When she pumped the sixth 
time, his cock jerked a couple of times.

"(Giggle) Seven!"

"Aaaaaaaugh! KAT! KAT!"

The cock in Kat's hands spurted several jets of semen.

"Oh, you're in for it now!" she exclaimed in mock scolding.

Kat untied Rick, then put on her strap-on harness with its probe. She 
ordered him to lie face down, generously lubricated him and her probe, 
and entered him. Lying on top of him, she gave him a prolonged 
fucking. Then she told him to stay where he was, and prodeeded to give 
him a severe whipping with a strap. He stayed in position as he knew 
he must, though he bucked wildly through much of it.

She lay next to him and asked him a series of questions about his life 
during the week when he is by himself. After dinner, she gave him 
another whipping with a leather strap, and then put a cock cage on him 
for the night. He pleaded with her to let him inside her, but she 
steadfastly refused.

After what was a long night for Rick, Kat administered a large sudsy 
enema. After he got rid of it she repeated the previous day's edging, 
although she did not tease as heavily or for as long as she did 
previously.

"We're going to play 'ten pumps' now," Kat giggled.&nbsp; Since she wanted 
to experience his mouth on her pussy after a profuse ejaculation, she 
made sure that her hands did not cause him to spurt, though she 
brought him very close. Over the next several hours, they had 
intercourse several times until she was sure that Rick was completely 
drained. Then she sent him home.

Kat always came up with new ways of teasing, discipline, and pleasure. 
The basics of her sessions, though, remained -- enemas, thorough 
strap-on play, and intense discipline.&nbsp; After her inventive ways of 
teasing and discipline -- long slow foot jobs, ball punishment, 
weights on his nuts, soapsticks, ginger suppositories, extended 
periods of edging, multiple snowballing -- she always got her ultimate 
pleasure when, after Rick pumped a profuse serving of cream into her 
womanhood, he willingly applied his mouth to her pussy and extracted 
it, giving her several orgasms in the process.

Rick, for his part, was able to accept increasingly severe whippings, 
extended and brusque strap-on play, and withstand longer periods of 
teasing and edging without popping off. He learned the fine points of 
extended intercourse with Kat, and applied the right penetration, 
friction,and tempo before crossing the line of inevitability and 
experiencing a lengthy and wrenching orgasm. 

He looks forward to, and takes pleasure in applying his mouth to Kat's 
delectable freshly-sexed pussy and sending her into orgasmic 
convulsions. He especially enjoys the nights when she tells him he can 
take her as often as he wants. With an often-sore bottom from her 
enthusiastic whippings, he sleeps in her arms in full body contact 
after his first sexual relief of the night. Then several times in the 
darkness, he awakes with a raging erection from the intervening week 
of denial. He feels her lovely legs, brests, and face, and then 
maneuvers her into the position he wants. After the sweet initial 
thrust of entry he takes delight in her wordless moans of pleasure as 
he pumps and plows her willing pussy. When he has lasted nearly as 
long as he can, he feels his impending ejaculation build up. A moment 
or two more, and he lets it take over. Holding tightly onto Kat, he 
breathes hard as he spurts and spurts inside her, imagining each 
intense pulse being pumped far inside. Knowing what is to come, he 
then plows slowly, mixing their juices inside her lovely womanhood. He 
pulls out, places his head between her smooth firm thighs and 
approaches her creamy pussy. He feels a zing of anticipation as his 
mouth makes contact, knowing how intense Kat's pleasure will soon be.

Rick keeps coming back, as Kat knows he will.

-----
This story is copyright 2005 by (rick_oh at onolanke.router5.com).&nbsp; All rights 
reserved.&nbsp; No reposting without permission.&nbsp; Please see my other 
stories at http://www.asstr.org/~rick_oh/






Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Rick_oh


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





