BDSM Library - The French Maid at Work




The French Maid at Work
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This is a very short romantic D/s story similar to my "Cumming Home" story of July 2007.






The French Maid at Work

by Lewis Chappelle

(able assistance provided by&nbsp; a dear friend)

It had been a longer than usual day. He had not gone to their regular work place that afternoon like he normally did, his work at his other job had kept him there. 

He noticed that his Angel's car was in the driveway when he got home, which was not completely out of the ordinary because it was&nbsp; a time that she would normally be home.&nbsp; As he opened the front door he did notice that something was different;&nbsp; it was very quiet, and she wasn't at the door to greet him like she&nbsp; normally would be. 

He listened for her, but could not hear a thing.&nbsp; As he closed the door he found a note pinned to the door. He opened it expectantly&nbsp; and found an invitation from his Angel: 

"Please, have a seat on the couch, Master, I will be right down, I'm still cleaning." 

It wasn't an unusual request,&nbsp; since it was Friday and they normally did some cleaning on Friday evenings - so he obliged her, and sat on the couch and relaxed. 

Soon, he heard his Angel coming down the stairs, and in his half asleep state, he looked over to see her in her French Maid outfit. White stockings, garters, black and white, high heels. Her tits were bubbling from the top of the dress and he could see right to her cunt, the dress was that short. And, she did have wonderful legs.

His state of sleepiness immediately turned to one of arousal. She was positively gorgeous, those legs, that body, her beautiful long, brown hair, those incredible blue eyes locked on him. His eyes never left her from that moment on, nor did hers&#8217; wander off of him.

 She slowly, seductively, walked toward him - it was obvious she wanted him in the worst kind of way, and the feeling was mutual for him as it always was - their physical attraction for each other was never in question. 

As she came in front of him, she knelt between his legs, and kissed him on the lips, passionately, his hands went to touch her. She tenderly pushed his arms to his sides and told him to sit&nbsp; and relax while she finished cleaning.

He struggled to keep his hands off of his incredibly sexy and beautiful Angel. His eyes feasted on her beauty as she seductively moved around the room in front of him, making it a point to display every part of her body in a seductive way&nbsp; - she was teasing him, taunting him; he knew her game and didn&#8217;t&nbsp; resist.

He was aroused, and she knew it. As she finished her brief,&nbsp; superfluous, attempt at dusting, she brought him a glass of wine, she asked: "Do you want me, Master?" 

He was knew that she would be absolutely submissive to him in any position, in any place, at any time. She was teasing him and he loved her for it.&nbsp; He did crave her and feasted on her incredible beauty. He&nbsp; could only manage to nod his head in the affirmative. Again he tried to get up and&nbsp; again tried to reach for her - she whispered for him to relax, to stay seated and watch. She was such a tease.

He was extremely aroused, he wanted her badly. She said she wanted to please him in her won way that night - again he nodded in the affirmative and said, "
Alright my lovely slave girl, we&#8216;ll have it your way!" 

Slowly she began to strip for him. She taunted him as she removed her already revealing outfit. Their eyes never lost focus on the other. She touched herself as she removed each item; she caressed her tits and cunt sensuously. 

The excitement in both of them was growing - their want, their need, their hot steamy passion. 

She was just out of his reach, all he could do is sit there and see this incredibly sexy woman remove her clothing as slowly and seductively as possible. He imagined his hands caressing her body; an she wanted that as badly as he did.

She had stripped to her bra, her stockings and garters, her high heels, her panties. 

"Please stand up my Master!" she said. He immediately obliged. Again he wanted to touch her, and again she simply said, "Not yet, Sir!" 

With their eyes still glued on each other, she began to remove his clothing, one item at a time, all the while rubbing her body against him at every opportunity, touching him teasingly, tenderly, softly. 

"Lay down, Sir!" she said. She guided him onto his back. She straddled him, and slowly removed her bra, lifting her tits and then letting them fall gracefully.&nbsp; She was so beautiful, he couldn't help but move from her eyes to feast on her incredible body. She was aroused, her nipples were hard and she began to rub her tits up and down his body. Then she slid her entire body slowly up and down his.

Their moans at each pass could be heard. She stood and moved close to his face, standing in front of him, sliding her hand slowly down the front of her body,&nbsp; between her legs, over her panties and then into her cunt.

"Do you want a taste, Master?" she asked. 

He could only nod in the affirmative. She moved her wet fingers to his mouth and he slowly sucked her juices from her - he loved how she tasted. 

She hooked her thumbs inside the waistband of her thong and slowly slid it off. His anticipation, his want, was stronger than ever. He was as hard and erect as he could be.

"Where do you want me, Master?" she asked. 

"Straddle my mouth, slave," he said.&nbsp; 

She obliged, knowing full well what he had in his wicked mind. 

His hands came to rest on her hips, burying his face between her legs as she reached for his cock, slowly, softly tracing her hands up and down it's length. His tongue moved in and out of her, up and down, licking her juices from her, slowly, deeply. 

Her hips pressed down to meet every stroke of his tongue, gyrating to the movements of his mouth on her, his tongue in her. His hands slid to her tits, caressing them, squeezing them softly, massaging them.

Faster she stroked him, wanting it, needing him inside her. He sucked on her clit softly at first, but ever harder as it became fully erect - his tongue sliding inside her, moving in circles, sucking on her. 

Neither could take the sensuous teasing any longer.

She needed him inside her. He needed to be inside her. She moved from his mouth and straddled his cock, taking it in her soft hand and guiding it into her wetness, slowly sliding down, taking every inch of it in. 

She was so hot, so wet, so tight inside - it was a perfect fit. God really knew what He was doing when He designed those parts.

His hands again moved to caress and fondle her beautiful tits as she began to move her hips up and down on him, back and forth, his hips pressed upward with each stroke to meet hers, pleasing them both. 

Their moans of passion becoming louder and louder, their rhythm becoming faster. As she could feel herself getting close to a cum, her moans became&nbsp; louder, she started to scream and then to yell his name. 

His hands clenched her hips, and guided her up and down, forcing their bodies to pound each other.

She threw her head back as she came. He came with her in perfect unison. He shot his hot cum inside her in what seemed like a never ending orgasm. Her juices flowed into his.

Their bodies shuttered in pleasure, their moans of satisfaction could be heard echoing from the walls. 

As their ecstasy began to wane, she laid on his chest. She kissed him passionately, deeply, slowly. His hands caressed and stroked her silky skin. He held her as they kissed, still inside her. 

As he pulled from her, he continued to hold her, caress her, stroke her, kiss her. 

Oh, how he loved, and adored, and desired this woman with all that he was, and she returned the honor. For hours, they laid&nbsp; holding each other, caressing each other, whispering their never-ending love and desire for each other. 

"Welcome Home, Master!" she exclaimed.

"Merci Mon Ange," he replied. 

The End


Note # 1:&nbsp; the author welcomes all readers to write at&nbsp; Biggreek100@aol.com&nbsp;&nbsp; 

Note # 2: The author claims copyright protection for the work published above, and any derivative work, under the provisions of the Berne Convention as signed by the USA in 1989.&nbsp; LC


































Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Lewis Chappelle


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





