BDSM Library - Draining Rebecca




Draining Rebecca
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Kentucky witchery and Kentucky justice combine to bring a girl gone wrong home.






A letter to Wild Becky Neaville, October, 1992, Blue Toe County Kentucky.



A true story.



Dear Becky,



This happened to me and I'm your kin.&nbsp; You need to know it girl - tonight because tomorrow is your birthday and was mine too.



(now in a man's hand...&nbsp; the old woman had to whisper it to her cousin's brother who was a minister with no secrets to tell as he couldn't talk - he said something bad once and they ripped out his tongue.)&nbsp; 



Yer granny word for word girl.&nbsp; Here goes...



It was her 16th birthday and the new red Chevy - it brought her home.&nbsp; He got her on the damn phone at the bar she was only 16 but he never told her how he knew she'd be on her knees behind the grease bin about five times a day.&nbsp; His name was Johnnie B Goodson but everybody in town and anybody who dared speak to him up at the home place called him Colonel, he was her stepdad and said to call him whatever.&nbsp; That she did.&nbsp; From a nigger to a yankee fag she did before she run.&nbsp; He never hit her once.



His grandpa was a reb officer and a mean un and he never quit killin yankees men and kids and women oh he loved a yankee woman after she watched her man get gutted and ate by his boar-hog.&nbsp; It was known to be true and the old men and every girl-child in that county knew that&nbsp; every first born Goodson could become that old man - a witchery they called it.



People was afraid of him, and he had married her ma but when he went to switch her for spreadin her legs for that coal man when she was 13 (even let her keep her dress down) she ran.&nbsp; Wasn't even a proper switch, but no way he wuz gonna hit her since he wasn't her papa even though he'd been the only man she knew and been with ma 9 years.



She ran. Went to Knoxville in 1953.&nbsp; Mistake.&nbsp; Knew in 5 weeks she was a whore, got pregnant, lost the baby twice... weighed just 100 pounds and her breasts were still flat but her nipples could tear cotton and she still fucked and sucked and liked the feel of a mancock but was so small down there she'd lick em first and THEN pick em.&nbsp; Her mama always said tight is right and showed her how when she was 6 and she could peel a carrot by thinking horny and squirt it cross a room.&nbsp; No shit.



Nobody gonna ever open that up she'd thought, it was...&nbsp; too fun with them 10 and 12 year old rich young little boys that can't hitcha cuz she was no fool and fought like the hill-bred witch-daughter she was, they swore her fingernails'd grow and she'd seen it happen and it scared hell into her flesh and out of her confused Bible knowin sinners soul.&nbsp; She blinded one boy and took three men's eyes that year on purpose.&nbsp; She was goin bad for certain and the witchwomen in her line knew it.&nbsp; Even the old indian grannies&nbsp; that died so long ago they couldn't haunt the grave, they would talk and whisper when she laid down.



Oh she used to steal from them boys....&nbsp; them green eyes and pale skin "nigger irish" skin looked like an angels... always so pretty and always so young and new and they called those white wild women like her at home devil's nigger girls and man-stealers and they was right cuz the blood in her girl hole was Cherokee and would boil a mans dick till the skin came off in her when she got mad or came hard and she just wanted to do it.&nbsp; 



Other women hated all the white and red green eyed irish indian girls, hated em like niggers if they could but mama could boil her grease and call the spirits and she knew how too cuz mama made her watch.



But, she knew the warnin.&nbsp; No witchin without true love. mama said have a love-baby or they'll be babies a plenty stuck in you but then the devil make you bleed out every child in black blood at night and they'll cry out the blood you'll see girl they alive and they yers but never again will you get to sleep.



Have a baby in love fore you go a witchin girl.&nbsp; I seen the truth once and would wait for sure.



(So had she girl (it was the writer) she went to sleep maybe forever but know this - yer granny becky larnd that first time cuz&nbsp; - once when she wuz still new out the hills in this stinking Tennessee town and got mad she went home to her man drunk on nigger wine.&nbsp;&nbsp; Took one of his eyes and tried to kill him, she did, he was sleepin and did nuthin but get her to love a man and make a child).&nbsp; She said that too soft to get down in her words but that's what she said...&nbsp; and she's dyin right now Becky....&nbsp; its her time.





OK, she woke up but so pale you can see through her skin.

Still, them hill devils came to her that night.&nbsp; Seen it heard it knew the devils spawn.... She'd heard that baby cry - once.&nbsp; That firstun was big in there and ran out of her like stinking black blood when she cursed her man and tried to run back into her pussy and boiled blisters up her leg and she had to cut it off her skin and mosta the skin came with that live squirmin boiling black grease baby oh...it WAS alive and a baby....&nbsp; but felt on skin like she'd been tarred.&nbsp; Black dead melted baby with a voice that could move you to go mad....&nbsp; every drop of that sticky stinkin live thing right out of hell.&nbsp; And till every spot was gone and the damn rag got up to her thigh when she closed her eyes, crawled from the damn street can it did..... saw the trail.&nbsp; 



It was her child she didn't want to do it but she had to or it would get back in her pussy and rot her away - that was what it wanted to do.&nbsp; It was still a live baby of black grease and she burned it last and heard it cry agin cuz she had tried to kill him and he had loved her hard and he was that baby's daddy sure and that just ain't right.&nbsp; 



Not a love-baby.&nbsp; Not in Kentuck.&nbsp; Tennessee don't know right or wrong.&nbsp; Nobody knew enough God to give a damn down there.&nbsp; 



Lotta Cherokee in that woodpile called her family and it don't show but you could see it too yourself if you'd take a hill walk - cuz the animals would come when she was fun... and run when you wuz walking to kill and she had did it as a young child, and knew that if mad, a girl red haired Neaville child could kill a bad coon with a thought if he bit your dog she did it when a child and that foamin big old he coon... he died with cream cummin out his hardbone pecker and she tasted it just to see what it was.



Well, that changed her.&nbsp; Something wrong about licking that rabid coon cum I guess, even for no good reason or bad, and that was her favorite drink.&nbsp; Not coon, but man - cuz she started real young and never stopped - sometimes she thought that was most of her food there in Tennessee.&nbsp; 



Cum into my mouth now you fuckin fool she'd think and she'd rob his wallet and suck him till he started to beg her to stop.... cuz she'd make him lose a pound of that sweet juice and swallow till she looked pregnant from that cunt of a woman mouth of hers from the high pure clean wild hills.&nbsp; 



That ain't right.&nbsp; Can't be - she kinda knew, but she was gettin fed money too and all the men she could eat.&nbsp; Knoxville men don't listen to "not that one boy, she'll cutcha sure" and she sure did for no reason.&nbsp;&nbsp; And let the ones that hurt her go...&nbsp; sometimes.&nbsp; Or.... go git another eye she keptum under her pillow and would look at em when the nights were lonely and cold.



Pretty thing so red and white and those irish eyes - wild and free with a big bush of hair both ends and never a razor or scissors to a hair on her head or body both her whole life none of em did and don't you girl.



(how did granny know she might do it on her birthday?)



Cuz the hair down there you'll see...&nbsp; it would reach out and tangle a man and trip him to hell if she let him in once.&nbsp; Specially that woman-hair, she could lose her own finger if she touched it, you could feel it bite down with them strange tickling hair-teeth....&nbsp;&nbsp; it was wild and alive from tip to titties in her body made for fuckin and fightin and running to hell just like yours my girl, just like yours.&nbsp; Yep, you and me are both red girls, for sure now and later both.



And she said then with a voice young and hard that she was my granny but was goin bad and mama died and that weird old man said come home and sent her a title and a set of keys with a picture to a new 1953 cloth roof chevy car and $100 to get the bus and she bought a new dress and sucked her way home 3 hours quicker and he knew it cuz even though she changed it was on her somehow and stunk and somehow it was all over her new dress.



He could smell it.&nbsp; He said it that bastard's first words was "sucked a lot of that Tennessee dogcock to get back home girl"&nbsp; smell that bad seed on your breath and in your piss, you gotta mouth on you that is going bad fast.



She didn't need no key with that rag of a roof and was gonna go when he went to do the hog feed up to the barn and she went to the shed with her own car to and it was hers but she'd break the window and the lock and be gone running bad without even saying fuck you or thank you or both.&nbsp; Her birthday was midnight and it was dark but damn him he wanted her to wait till dawn.



The car was locked hard up inside that new metal shed and with a nopick lock yankee padlock and no tools and today was the day she was 16 at midnight of a full moon and "in kentuck legal to fuck" and gonna go wild and this sumbitch so called stepdad would meet God if he didn't wake up at dawn.



...and he woke up at the crack of dawn.&nbsp; 



And opened the shed and there she was that hot red car for a princess or a whore - either one would do.&nbsp; In the white of the sides next to red she saw one thing only .... "Biscayne."&nbsp; 



(nowadays girl it would be the one the boys at school would follow just to look at it but they want you...)&nbsp; Anyway, it said I'm a real woman girl now and fuck me it screamed...&nbsp; but the next thing she knew her old stepdaddy - he had picked her up and she couldn't scratch his tough leather skin with her cherokee fightin and that wasn't possible.....&nbsp;&nbsp; 



but then he said, I'm your daddy now and I'll be your Goddamn best whoreson buying dick space in your tramps Neaville body if I gotta but I'm it.&nbsp; No more running.



And from now till doomsday you think about how you was gonna driving that car I bought you to another cockweed dickfest that shames your mama and me and she brought you to me....&nbsp; she witched ya here sure so now, I was fighten but listening to - that wasn't right either.... he said let up missy...&nbsp; and the witchin hit hard...



....and the fight was inside but I went limp and he tied me over that barrel belly up and then went to spreadin me and he could tie a greased baby hog with a hemp rope I'd seen it and I was layin there all smellin like a man hunter and so open that even though I had all my clothes on I was nakeder and more fucked then ever I was naked...



... and he was pullin a belt out of his overalls and I never saw none made with belt loops for just that belt and my eyes went wide and I got scared deep inside my little pussy and bang I was virgin agin for sure.&nbsp; Cuz it had them loops and it was big dark black hard piece of dogbone bearhide or bullass leather and it had some damn miles and I knew from that second of time my runnin days was done and he said...&nbsp; 



yer MY wife now, my new missus girl.&nbsp; Marryin ya in 4 days. Preacher'll be here Sunday morn and you'll be virgin and back for me 10 times by sunup tomorrow you whore.&nbsp; Yer mama witched me and made me luv her on that dyin bed and I promised as she died in my arms.&nbsp; he was crying hard.



But right then his cock got hard right straight down his leg and I knew in my pussy that log of meat would kill me that morning sure cuz I never seen anything on a man black or white not that big... and he then said:



I'm a Kentucky man born and a good'un Becky... with a by God in heaven heart of gold and back of iron rails but I got the colonel's soul and I love you wild women and your mama loved me back and was true and I never had to tame her down her stepdad did and she told me how to do it and she made me promise.



This time she made me.&nbsp; He's a comin daylight.&nbsp; Gotta call him for something like this to getim without the moon up girl.&nbsp; I called up the Colonel and hes cummin fast and a runnin and yer gonna hate him but that's yer mamas promise to you is, and she made me swear it on the bookand she made me promise.... 



He was bawlin now but his voice was risin man deep and hard and he yelled as he pulled on that big ol belt "and on her own grave!"&nbsp; 



and the tears rolled outta that honest man's kind gentle eyes....&nbsp; and turned into by god hailstones by the witchin and the shed went dead winter cold.....&nbsp; wind began to howl and them nipples started cuttin cloth and he seen it.



He said... but now, meet the Colonel.&nbsp; He'd whip em for fun after they broke and they loved his devil sauce cock so much they'd come crawlin back and I got both his soul a cumin and mine wants to have fun on you to.&nbsp; 



9 years of your sass, Missy.&nbsp; But I still love you - and always did, you're part your mama, girl.&nbsp; 



I will and already do cuz I love you as my brand of woman and for your wild heart....&nbsp; but that Colonel ... he may never quit doin this with that moon and please forgive me missy I love you and his eyes changed and he got all sudden into a different skin but the same shape and I started to cry the first time since I remember after my dog died of that dickless raccoon bite when I was 6.



...and I looked again he was scary and as I looked and wuz scared of his size and his dick and his so clear love of mama and now me as a real grown woman of the hills and the wild cricks and the sun hit the tree tops.



I knew then my ass was the dawn and I'd be gettin cracked like a woman till my eggs ran out.&nbsp; Till I was sucked out limp titted and the babies I'd have for him again and again in love sure - witchin and lovin em back and cooking and teachin.....&nbsp; but I'd be old and they would wipe my shit fore the Colonel would stop comin on full moon nights.&nbsp; Comin for me.&nbsp; I knew it.&nbsp; 



I had the sight and he did too and it killed him but he had to have me that good man I wronged my mama and he had promised her dying.&nbsp; And anyway he loved all of us wild of the Indian blood and the Irish witchin and the red real hair wild top and bottom ....&nbsp; 



I knew I was that today I was full grown.&nbsp; A man's full grown woman and my heart broke open and I loved him he was not even old yet but still the Colonel in him laughed his dicked popped damn near out them new overalls.



 he ripped that dress off with one tough hand and I knew then he wasn't yet even 35 since mama had me at 13 if she didn't lie to save the cousin that planted me - in love though that's true I knew my real daddy hell he was only 12 years older and 28.&nbsp; Oh God I called my new man my new husband if I live I called him grandpa he prolly ain't a year past 30 Oh God I wronged this good man I thought.... old man and grandaddy dick when I left that day and oh my God I won't be alive to marry the man if he remembers ONE of them things I did on purpose to him.



I knew then I was beat in skin heart and soul and fell in love and of course with the witchin he already had.&nbsp;&nbsp; But I knew he didn't need the witchin, he had loved me a girl and loved me now for me.&nbsp; All of me... wild and good.



It broke my heart! Turned out he loved me as a man loves a girl child who looks too much like her mama and that was why he never looked at me mad.&nbsp; He'd a fucked me sure I favored mama like a tall glass favors a short one and he was big tall rangy man with hands like big ole bear paws but so gentle I remember that when I was sick once so gentle.... I wanted his babies then.... I'm dead now and still do girl... cuz I knew a man in love,&nbsp; and knew love.&nbsp; Too late to miss what I got next though.&nbsp; No squirmin out of what I had comin hard in like a coal train down the Jellico mountain on a hard bitter black sky star silver night with frost on the tobacco....&nbsp;&nbsp; that quiet hard night with God lookin and the world too afraid to peep back.



Kentucky is heaven girl - but from now on, it was both heaven and hell for me and I aint talking that kinda monthly problem.&nbsp; Mine was more then that by a million miles more trouble then from here to the moon then a bad period cramp with a baby crying and breasts achin and man not even there to yell at.



Man was there now though - but my throat went dry and I couldn't croak out the word&nbsp; "please or "no please I love you or nothing but it all wanted out.... I gagged two days and screamed right over them words.



Cuz that Colonel was in him and he took a big pull out of that one brown jug and the fire hit him bad.&nbsp; Oh them back hill big men shouldn't touch that jug unless they got somebody to bury who ain't dead yet.&nbsp; Not near a woman - not ever, you'll learn soon enough.



He grew again and was both daddy and that damn Colonel and never did I see muscles under overalls like his when his leg flexed and that big dick pushed down another inch I swear.&nbsp; He just reached down like and cut them new overalls right down the side of that big meat without takin his eyes of my tits.&nbsp; 



I knew then I'd feel that sharp knife - cuttin good....&nbsp; by cuttin on me.&nbsp; I shook bad then in fear cuz it was those big tight hard nips... he'd cut em sure to check if it was sharp and he said.... "yep, them tits'll&nbsp; feel this blade by nightfall little witch whore baby girl".&nbsp; Gonna put in a love baby in ya Sunday and they'll be milkin my juice out by morning that tennessee slime yer tits wouldn't grow on.



Gonna be big my next summer and it'll be Kentucky man baby juice you'll know cuz I'm here to show you what "full up" means to a barrel or a whore.&nbsp; It'll be runnin out yer nose you'll be so full right up that slut throat from what is gonna burn hot sprayin outta this - this here leg I got swellin in the center.



And with that knife you could see the shine of the sharp from here even through tears that was my mama's daddy's good old knife.&nbsp; Oh my whole family was here and they was mad as hot jaybirds on a tin cup.&nbsp; And he rubbed it with that hard work thumb....&nbsp; it wouldn't cut that.&nbsp; The colonel came in somehow but not real yet and that dick went hard and black tipped with a big top like a baby's big black haired head and veins like a stump-arm in the creek.... and he said....&nbsp; here'd the Colonel be now kin slut, right here he is now, you Tennessee whore.



That cock jumped out that cut slice in them new overalls and I think I mighta fainted.



I been snake bit dog bit man bit tit bit pussy bit and stung by bees on my ass but that thing scared me so bad I pissed myself right THEN and it stunk like all that horrible tennessee man butter and looked it to.



"I'ma gonna beatcha and fucky allya big sloppy fuck holes till they tight you up brand new with blisters and callus and wear you out takin turns me and Colonel (omg it was my husband-sworns voice and he was hard and maddern a man I'd ever seen)&nbsp; you'll not wear out you'll wear in like boots and be brand fucking new you on our bride night too.



Hell, was gonna let you heal for two but you look right ready for this now.&nbsp; Might take another day.... but I'll fuck that grease right outta kentucky and yer cunt sweat'll carry the stink to the crick so help me God."



All of it let go and I swear on the bible everything that came out my eyes ears backside frontside inside pisshole mouth and nose was tennessee manjuice and I could hear my mamas voice and feel her hands inside me tearin me shut not open and squeezin them holes tighterr and tighter and heard her, poor Becca...&nbsp; (she called me that young)&nbsp; Becca honey, you gonna get rung out like linen through a masher and beat like a bad rug and a good tobacco canvas both and then he'll pour more Kentucky true babyseed inya then this stinking Tennessee foul junk you ever drank or made a man pull in the dark when you even got seen on the street you little witch my daughter you caint be slut God wont letus and here I am girl I love you but hate what you is full of now.



Girl, look at this skunk piss I'd not let a dead Yankee man shit his fresh dyin life into this scum.&nbsp; Cuz you know the rotten hogmeat that killed him was ours cuz we fed it to him....&nbsp; not into this stinking mansqueeze cuz it would insult the Goddamn dead Kentucky hog you little whore.



You gonna know your daddy's given girl-name for just two days and then yer his and ye'll thank me if you ever walk after he fucks ya....&nbsp; I swar its powerful as that goddam boarskin belt and the prickers is still IN it was the Colonels and it's seen the skin under a thousand titties and it'll see yers...&nbsp; 



OMG a wild boar skin I'd touched one once at Uncle Larry's and remember the hairs went through my soft hand.... on the hard part!&nbsp; (mama knew I knew that) Missy&nbsp; yer skin ain't gonna last the first hour girl I'm sorry but that's the truth I'll heal ya cuz that is part of the way the Colonel works.... but you won't be in your mind agin ever and that's what I made happen.



I love you girl, and cuz nobody from the other side of the riva ever fucked none of us fore and ye'll never think of them Tennessee shit piss babydick bastards agin as men and if you do, you'll die cuz the Colonel will laugh and ye'll hear him walkin up the ladder from hell.



I heard them steps up that ladder from hell rattle as he thumped up them when mama took a breath.&nbsp; Smelt the sulfur and the room went hot as july in that metal shed....&nbsp; but a cloud dark as night rolled right up and that wind died....&nbsp; and mama said in her sad but kinda mad yer in trouble voice that still loved, Becka, let me tellya... ya might as well know the truth.&nbsp; 



That's a devil's belt from the hog that ate them men as he raped them wives and little girls that leather it'll skin ye everywhere that counts and he'll salt ya like pork to make it hurt worse....&nbsp; and that Colonel's prick'll still hurt worse ten times over burning you up inside ya holes and yer tummy from all three directions.&nbsp; Colonel' took babies and women and grannies and yankees to hell on that killin prick.&nbsp; It even took his own god damn son when he drank a glass a shine and made him play girl and bent him in half and took him dry.&nbsp; Tore his stuff out...&nbsp; it killed the boy sure he was 10 and he fucked in another'n when his wife complained right through her ass by tearin it to her baby hole with that dick.



If it hadn't took and got another boy he swore he woulda done it again that's the devils cock sure and yer new husband has to carry it for him.&nbsp; That was mine and it took forever he hates it but the hunger for a woman and children can't be put down.&nbsp; 



I didn't meet the Colonel like this ever, but in 26 days after he loved me ....&nbsp; the moon went up blue in a black sky with no stars.&nbsp; 



See....&nbsp; that love night It took all night he did, and Thomas is his name, Thomas your new man who loves you and always did, with me.... he waited till after the moon and went gentle with grease and I'd had 2 babies already and he took time and he took me easy.&nbsp; It hurt worse then you cumin out first baby and you big headed sweetie you weighed 9 pounds and I was only 13 girl.&nbsp; 



It still hurts girl, right now, rememberin, that prick does - more then childbirthin new or old and that cock is your price and what goes with a man that kin hold us still like a woman proper when the Cherokee fuck-blood wants to rip his back like a whore.



You gonna die and be born a thousand nights baby girl.&nbsp; No whores outta this holla - you already dead.&nbsp; You'll know it forever you'll feel it it'll make yer juice flow like honey and he'll smell it and cum home 2 miles and the damn colonel always comes if it ain't sunday and the moon is out and that belt is shiny from whippin me when he fucked me ... whippin my titties bloody while he took my man hole mostly....&nbsp; legs up and tied.... with the colonel in him. 



That I won't even tell ya - can't have no words for that pain.



 One look or a smell of me if that moon is full and that belt just hangin there even though it weren't there, hangin there on the bedpost.&nbsp; Waitin for Thomas to come home.&nbsp; Colonel in the room I could feel him healin me to be gettin ready to skin my cunt in and out, for real skin it.... like a damn raccoon.&nbsp; And ye'll go wild and know the pleasure when he does girl - but it never could be worth that pain there.



But oh them other nights - the gentle ones....&nbsp; It felt so damn good when he cum and I let go my entire soul to make a baby every time girl.&nbsp; You'll know heaven sunday sure.&nbsp; And it is God's heaven and I'd do it all over all the suckin and gettin peeled and healed by that devil....&nbsp; all the bad again....&nbsp; just only to get one more squirt of a sunday lovin on my goddamn grave.



You think you fucked them boys?&nbsp; You'll know what being fucked is honey.&nbsp; Here it starts it does.&nbsp; And she went quiet and I waited and then the wind blew my shredded dress right out from under me with that mansweat pouring out my skin and I was greasy and stunk and still my pussy was beggin to be tore up and I wanted that belt bad.



And mama kissed me on the chin cuz she was a little thing, and she was gone - and I felt the grief and knew his love and pain and felt so damn bad but I didn't know pain till he drug that hawg belt so soft one time across my nip tips not even hard and the skin cum off.&nbsp; My pussy boilin fire and I'm screamin already....



And the ladder rattled and the Colonel come in.&nbsp; 



And they both lifted that belt over my spread sex and the dirt juice flowed red with fear blood....&nbsp; and they swung as hard as a man swings an axe at bear with his baby in its mouth running hard for the woods.&nbsp; Swung it that hard.... and right tween my legs that first one.



....the end of the story that is decent to share even to you granddaughter, he's comin for you tonight - three days till sunday and the moon is up.



Signed, Rebecca RedWolf Larue Neaville (the same name yes, every letter, every one of us forever and ever)



October 23rd 1968.&nbsp; She died on Thanksgiving night and the roses bloom that day right through the snow....&nbsp; every year.&nbsp; If the moon is out it gets so cold and snows and freezes the jugs....&nbsp; but only near her grave.&nbsp; Never snowed once in 22 years in this county but this here hollow with the Neaville crick runnin to town.&nbsp; 



It carried that Tennessee stink to this day - and a Neaville will never drink outta that creek under that old shed.&nbsp; Rather die of thirst.











Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Colonel Peters and miss rebecca


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





