BDSM Library - Loving submission




Loving submission
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A few days in the life of a couple in love. 






As I laid on my back on the soft carpet of Mistress's bedroom, my wrists were cuffed to the legs of her bed, my legs were free but Mistress had ordered that I keep them spread to form an x shape. Apart from the black silk blindfold, I was naked. Mistress had removed my restrainer just after I served her dinner.
I tried to work out how long I had been there, I knew that it had been 90 minutes when I heard the ending theme tune of her TV show and I figured that must have been about twenty minutes ago.
My heart pounded as I heard her walking up the stairs, I became aware of my throbbing manhood, I had been in an almost constant state of arousal since Mistress removed the restrainer, it was the first time in five days that I had been released.
I heard her open the door and smelt the sweet aroma of her perfume, a smile came over my face as I said "I love you Mistress".
There was a short pause then I felt her hand firmly squeezing my balls as she said "I love you pet".
Oh how I love to hear those words from the one I worship.
She continued, "You have been a good boy this week pet, you have pleased me."
"Oh thank You Mistress" I replied, "I live to please you."
I heard her pull the quilt off the bed, then place it beside me, then I felt her breath on my neck. I shuddered with pleasure as I felt her tongue touch my neck, I was in heaven, I love her tender touch.
Her moist tongue made small circles around my neck. I purred as I thought how fortunate I was to serve this beautiful woman, as I savoured the moment I thought back to the last few days, I pictured her smiles as she thanked me for serving her, she had told me many times that week that I had pleased her.
Mistress was now kissing and licking me just above the breastbone. I was once again aware of my throbbing penis, I dared to wonder whether I would be allowed to touch today, perhaps Mistress might even let me enter her.
She was now licking around my nipples, I felt immense pleasure, and then startled as she bit my right nipple hard.
"Are you enjoying this pet?" She asked.
"Ohhh yes thank you so much, Mistress, You make me so happy" I replied.
I felt her slowly work her way down my chest with her tongue, intermittently kissing and licking, now she was licking around my navel. I thought surely she will stop before she reaches my penis, part of me ached for her to blow me, but another part hoped she wouldn't. I knew that it was my place to serve her, that it was wrong to hope for her to pleasure me.
She undid my cuffs and told me to put my hands on my head, I complied, then I felt her hand around my cock.
"I love you so much pet" she said as she stroked up and down once. "You have served me very well this week, you have done your chores diligently and happily, I am very pleased and am lucky to have such a wonderful submissive."
"Oh Mistress thank you, thank you, I am lucky to have such a kind beautiful Mistress," I answered as she let go.
"How long is it since you last spurted" she asked.
"Twelve days, Mistress" I answered.
I could feel myself dripping precum from my rock hard manhood.
She then told me to take off the blindfold, as I did I saw her standing before me, my restrainer was dangling from her hand. She squeezed by penis, just below the head, waited for my erection to subside before reapplying the restrainer.
"Wash the dishes then go to your bed pet", she ordered.
I drifted off to sleep that night, thinking of her kind words. I awoke to my alarm clock at 6.00 AM. I showered then did the mornings ironing, Mistress likes her clothes freshly ironed.
As I ironed, I began to get erect, and was immediately aware of this as the pins inside my restrainer bit in, this had the usual effect of stopping my erection in its tracks.
I carefully and lovingly completed the ironing. I looked at the clock as I hung up her garments, 6.45, I was on track.
Mistress, likes me to eat breakfast before I awaken her, so that my attention can be fully on her, when she gets up, I made myself some tea and toast, as I ate breakfast, I checked the weather forecast and traffic news on TV.
I made Mistress a cup of tea, and at exactly 7.15 I entered her bedroom, I placed the tea on her bedside cabinet, I knelt on the floor beside her bed and woke her up by softly kissing her forehead, her eyes opened, She smiled at me and gestured for me to leave her alone.
I am not allowed to speak to Mistress in the mornings, until she reaches the bathroom, unless of course, I am spoken to. I went to the bathroom and ran her a bath, then stood by the bath awaiting her arrival.
As she entered the room, I smiled, "Good morning Mistress, I love you and will work hard to please you today," as I did every morning.
"Morning pet, yes you will" She said with a smile.
I waited until, Mistress was in the bath, then asked what she wanted for breakfast.
"Cornflakes and toast, please pet."
Whilst Mistress was bathing, I dressed myself and prepared her breakfast, before returning to her bedroom, to attend to her whilst she dressed.
I walked downstairs with her, pulled her seat out for her, then stood beside her whilst she ate, and recounted the weather forecast to her, and told her that there were no traffic jams reported.
She enjoyed me standing through her meals, she likes me to be close by and being attentive, and I loved being there with her.
As I was washing up the breakfast things, she informed me that she would have a gift for me tonight. I smiled and thanked her, we hugged and I left for work.
When I arrived home that night, Mistress was already there, I went to her and greeted her by slipping to my knees before her and kissing both hands, we exchanged pleasantries, then I went upstairs to shower. Mistress had left no clothes on my bed, which meant that I was to remain naked.
I went to her whip cupboard and selected her 24" riding crop, this was the one that she liked to keep by her, in case I needed some instant correction or she wished to amuse herself. I went downstairs kneeled before her and presented her with the crop, she took the crop from me, placed it on the floor in front of herself, then told me to stand.
"I'd like some wine please pet, and as you have been so good, you may bring two glasses."
When I returned with the wine, I noticed a small box, gift wrapped with a bow and a label which read "For my pet" on the coffee table.
As I placed the wine glasses on the table beside it, I smiled brightly at Mistress, "Oh thank you Mistress".
She gestured for me to sit beside her and then hugged me. "I brought my pet something from the pet shop" she told me, "open it."
I eagerly opened the box to find that it contained a small leather dog collar, far too small to fit around my neck, I observed. I also noticed that the collar had two metal strips running along it. I hugged and kissed Mistress as I thanked her, then she told me to stand up.
Mistress told me to place my hands on my head, she then removed my restrainer. She wrapped the collar around my balls, then tightened the buckle, so that it would stay in place, without squeezing too tightly. The metal felt cold against me. I was ordered to keep my hands on my head as Mistress locked my restrainer back in place. I thanked her.
Mistress felt in her handbag and produced, what looked to me like a TV remote. "It's an electric dog collar" She explained, "It has 3 different settings."
With this, she pressed a button on the remote, I felt a surge of electricity run through me, I would describe the feeling as unpleasant rather than painful.
"That's setting 1," she explained, "I'm going to use this instead of the bell, every time you feel this, you will immediately stop what you are doing and come to me. Do you understand pet?"
"Yes, Mistress," I answered.
"Good" she said as she tapped the remote again, "Here's setting two."
Electricity surged through my body, I shook with the force of it, I found it painful and unpleasant.
"Setting two will be used for training, for example, if you forget to stand when I come into the room, or if I think that you are not working fast enough for me, it will be like a little reminder. Do you understand boy?" She asked.
"Yes Mistress, thank you" I replied.
"Very good pet, now prepare for setting 3." She said with a huge smile on her face.
My heart began to beat fast, as I nervously eyed her hands and gritted my teeth.
Mistress toyed with the remote, saying nothing, for a couple of minutes, suddenly she tapped the remote, pain surged through me, I fell to the floor with the force of the electricity, my balls felt as if they were on fire, I stood up slowly, still shaking, and placed my hands back on my head.
"You will feel this one, pet if you commit more serious errors, and you can be sure, if you feel setting 3 that there will be further punishment, Understand boy?" Mistress asked.
"Yes Mistress thank you," I replied.
"Good pet, of course, sometimes, I will use all 3 settings just for my amusement, I love you pet" She told me.
I hugged her and said, "I love you, Mistress."
Mistress phoned for a pizza for us, and we spent the next two hours, cuddling on the couch as we drank the wine, and watched a video. As the video finished, Mistress told me to stand up and turn my back to her.
As I complied, she said, "Your welts are fading boy, I'm going to whip you."
As Mistress removed my restrainer (I was always freed for whippings) She said, "I will be using, the black paddle, the tawse, the bamboo cane, the cat and the riding crop, go and prepare boy."
As I carried the riding crop up the stairs, my cock was already hard and throbbing. As well as being aroused my mind was awash with excitement and fear, I wanted to please Mistress, but I hoped that she would go easy on me tonight.
I was about to open the door to Mistress's bedroom, when my balls jolted, I recognised setting one.
I returned to Mistress, knelt before her and asked, "How may I serve you Mistress?"
She spoke softly, "I wanted to tell you pet, that I am going to be severe tonight, you are going to feel a lot of pain."
I thanked her and she told me to go back to what I was doing.
I knew the procedure for whippings well by now, I had been living with and serving this beautiful woman for six months. Her power intoxicated me. My love for her was the deepest love I have ever known. She was a kind and loving mistress who knew me better than I know myself. She took care of all my needs.
I returned to her bedroom to collect the instruments that she had requested. As I was collecting them, I glanced at her bed, hoping that I would be allowed to share it with her that night, Mistress allowed me to share her bed most nights.
I selected the canes and whips from the cupboard, then took them to my bedroom and laid them out on my bed, as Mistress liked. My legspreader was always kept in my room, I slipped the cuffs around my ankles, then stretched as I tightened the buckles. I stood to face the soft topped vaulting horse, knowing the exact position that Mistress required me to assume.
I stood back from the horse just far enough so that my cock could not touch it, then bent over the horse and stretched my arms down to meet the metal cuffs, Locked one against, my left wrist, then stretched my right arm into position for Mistress to lock later.
I was now bent over the horse, my body taught, my legs and arms spread, just how Mistress required me to wait. I wondered how long she would be. Previously the shortest time that I had been left to wait in this position was thirty minutes, the longest over five hours.
I became aware of my erection again as the memory of Mistress's words rang in my ear. What did she mean severe? how severe?
My last whipping, 6 days previously, had been the worst to date, and had me screaming and blubbering with the pain, and I later heard Mistress describing it to her friend as moderate. I loved Mistress, desperately wanted to please her, but how could I take more pain? Would I receive more than the 60 strokes of the previous week?
Mixed in with the fear, was an incredible feeling of excitement and longing for the session to begin. I love the feeling of vulnerability. I love the power that Mistress has over me, and I crave her demonstrations of it, that is what drives me.
I wondered how long I had been in this position, I felt a strain in my shoulders, but tried to keep as still as possible as Mistress wanted. The only sound that I could hear was the patter of rain on the window.
My mind was awash, I feared that the pain might be too much to take, that somehow I would let down Mistress and she would be displeased, then I thought about how fortunate I was, how much I had wanted this sort of relationship in the past. My mind drifted with a mass of thoughts, most of all I felt wonderfully alive.
My heart began to beat faster as I heard Mistress on the stairs. I shuddered as she opened the door.
I greeted her warmly, holding my position bent over the horse. Mistress walked to the front of the horse and gently caressed my neck as she cuffed my free wrist to the horse, then from behind me she attached my leg spreader to the horse.
My cock was rock hard as Mistress gripped my balls, squeezing, slowly adding more pressure. I breathed deeply feeling the dull pain.
"I sent you up here 36 minutes ago pet," She told me. "Have you been rubbing your little prick against the wood?" she asked.
"I accidentally touched it against the wood once," I replied truthfully.
Mistress gave my balls a hard squeeze as she said, "Are you sure it was accidental pet?"
"Yes Mistress" said I.
"Ok pet, I trust you" she told me.
I ached to feel the first stroke. I could see only the floor as I heard Mistress's footsteps, then her voice, "I'm going to use the riding crop for the warm up pet, I want complete silence from you, you may thank me after eighteen."
I trembled as I realised that this was indeed going to be severe, previous warm ups had been six strokes.
I heard the familiar shooooosh as the crop went through the air, then it landed across my buttocks with a ferocity that I had not anticipated. I let out an involuntary gasp.
"Quiet boy," Mistress reminded me.
The next four strokes followed in quick succession all seeming to hit the same spot, the pain made me jolt a little but I managed to remain silent. The next stroke took me by surprise as it cracked across the very top of my thighs, as the third one in succession hit me there, I yelped.
There was a short pause, then Mistress placed her hand on my back, "Pet, what instructions did I give you?"
"That I must remain silent, until I may thank you after the eighteenth stroke" I replied.
Mistress said nothing as she resumed. As the remaining ten strokes were delivered, I knew that I must be silent, I gritted my teeth hard. I was no longer thinking beyond the end of the warm up. The strokes were landing with great strength. I knew that I must remain silent, happily I did.
My mind was wandering when I heard her surprised voice say, "Er pet, that was eighteen."
"Oh.. er, sorry Mistress, thank you Mistress for your kindness in allowing me to feel pain for you, I love you Mistress" I stuttered.
Mistress softly rubbed my cheek for a minute, then kissed it and said, "Now for the tawse, boy, twenty four strokes, I don't care what other sounds you make, but you will count and thank me for each stroke. Understand boy?"
"Yes Mistress, I understand."
The tawse was made of strong heavy leather, the slapper was 18" long, 2" wide and split in two. Pain seared through me as it made contact with my buttocks. I spoke and yelped at the same time.
"One, thank you Mistress."
As Mistress continued with the tawse, pausing varying lengths of time in-between strokes from immediate, to two minutes at a time, each stroke adding to my pain, I wondered how much more I could take.
My mind raced forward, thinking about the cat, I had only ever received four strokes at a time before with the cat, always across my back, I knew it would be much more this time.
I remembered that I had a safe word, I couldn't see how I could avoid using it. I knew I needed to focus on getting through this part of my ordeal.
As Mistress laid on the last five blows, I was blubbering and yelling uncontrollably but I managed to count and thank her for each stroke, and I managed not to use my safe word. As I thanked her for the last stroke, I had a great feeling of pride.
Mistress stood behind me and softly ran her hands up and down my arched back. She seemed to read my mind, asking, "Are you wondering how many you are going to get with the cat, pet?"
"Yes Mistress" I answered.
"Well pet you will be feeling the bamboo cane and the black paddle first, but I shall tell you now, it will be thirty six strokes. Your back and arse will be covered in welts, and that turns me on."
Mistress kissed me on the cheek before bringing her face close to my ear.
She spoke softly, "I am very horny pet, I'm moist between the legs, and later tonight when you are locked back in your restrainers, I will allow you to take care of my sexual needs. The turn on for me is also emotional, I love the feeling of power, I love knowing that I own you. I crave your obedience. I know you need to obey and I love to give you what you need. I love you pet. I want to inflict much more pain on you pet."
As I listened to her a calmness fell upon me, it was as if a lightbulb had been turned on. I understood how everything that Mistress had done to me that night was an act of love, that we were made for each other.
As Mistress whipped me with the bamboo cane, the pleasure, the excitement and the pain merged together in a great emotion of love. I knew then, that Mistress and I completed each other, that I would never fear again, that I lived for her, her love for me was unconditional and that I was her's for ever.
By the time Mistress was whipping me with the cat, I no longer viewed pain as a negative, I truly understood how it pleased Mistress, and that was all I cared about, I welcomed each glorious blow.
Mistress spent the next hour, cuddling me, rubbing soothing lotion into my wounds, telling me how much she loved and treasured me. This was true and complete happiness, I asked Mistress if I could kneel before her, and she readily agreed.
I knelt on the floor and held both of her hands, I kissed each hand softly, then still holding her hands, gazed into her beautiful eyes, "Mistress, There is something, that I have wanted to say to you for a long time, but I needed to be certain, and now I am certain."
Mistress smiled at me approvingly.
"Mistress, I would do anything for you."
She smiled, then I asked "Will you marry me?"
A solitary tear rolled down her cheek, "Yes", she screamed, "yes, yes, yes."




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Chris.


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





