BDSM Library - Agony and Ecstasy - Tortured Love




Agony and Ecstasy - Tortured Love
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A very graphic and hard story that does have one or two "lifts" from a story I can't find in my "save" folder...  About a woman and torture - gone very very wrong... EXTREMELY GRAPHIC






My newest friend, Becca/rebecca - I don't know why or for whom I wrote this.&nbsp; I will be creating a posting of this on a story site, if you find any pleasure here, good.&nbsp; If it scares you away, I'm an honest man, but honesty can sometimes harm hope and dreams.



IT IS A STORY, NO MORE AND NO LESS, JUST A STORY



I am a writer and reach maybe too deep.&nbsp; This is lifestyle hardcore and the darkness - the worst of it, in words.&nbsp; It jumped from my fingertips - and I have never written a story so quickly or ANY erotic fiction completely by myself at all before this moment.



This is JUST a story, and just a story in fantasy, of the darkness and the light - the love and the sick hateful need, of the Lifestyle.&nbsp; I have used our names.&nbsp; 



Never fear that this could become real in OUR life.&nbsp; Ever.&nbsp; But it will make you know how deep these lusts go in people... like us.







Title:&nbsp; Rebecca's evening Games



Chapter I - The Calm Before the Storm



rebecca sat at the dining room table nursing her morning coffee, smoking a

cigarette. A smile crept across her face as she felt a painful touch

of her smoothest satin panties against a raw spot on her sex... and

could not stop...&nbsp; pushing against the pain and remembering what

caused it ...&nbsp; her....&nbsp; ummm "their" evening activities.



Her right hand drifted to her lap and her fingers pressed against her feminine

mound through her shorts. Lost in the moment she felt the flutter of excitement

run through he body again. One of the things that she and John really loved was

showering together. The warm water hitting their naked bodies, the tender feel

of soapy hands gliding over flesh. Ever since rebecca's best ex-boss developed

breast cancer, they had been diligent in checking for any tell tale signs. First

John would check rebecca's ample breasts, his fingers delicately moving around

her tit, pressing, searching. rebecca's eyes would close to his touch, his soapy

hands holding her titties like two ripe melons, then squeezing them together and

a final pinch of her budding nipples that would make her giggle.



Then it was John's turn for inspection. rebecca would hold him close and cup his

balls in her hand gently probing as she looked for anything that might indicate

testicular cancer. When she was finished her soapy hands would glide up the

shaft of his cock, lingering at the head and pinching it slightly between her

fingers. Kissing, fondling, bathing titties, buns and thighs, John would sit on

the shower seat and eye level with rebecca's plump vulva he would lather it up

with the special shaving gel and then with a new razor he would carefully shave

away the little stubble that had formed. His fingers moving her labia this way

and that, he left her as slick as the day she was born. 





"Her" games, the games they discovered and she kept insisting on, then began.&nbsp; 

He always said no for days until she made him play her games again... until they actually began.&nbsp; Every time.&nbsp; Then, to stop would be to become his x lover and friend.&nbsp; She could not bear that either.



But, if she pleaded and got slutty and stuff he would give in sooner or later.&nbsp; She had that power, she was a really strong woman and a wonderfully talented submissive, but did not know he felt that way - yet.&nbsp; 



Last night - last night her games were the best EVER!&nbsp; 



After the inspection for love and teasing and health, (so loving somehow, the looking for that reason)&nbsp; The games started as he reached for his jar...it was a special salve that he worked into her soft mound, massaging rebecca's thick lips as he

grasped them between thumb and fore finger in a kind of too roughmilking motion, causing

rebecca to quiver and push her sex against his touch. With both hands, he spread

the mouth of her sex wide displaying to his gaze and the spraying water, the

pink glistening inner membranes, the little bud of her clitoris and the small

hole of her urethra. As the salve began to react to her wetness and arousal the special mixture would begin to lightly foam... causing intense sensations of itching and heat...&nbsp; and it would build to agonizing intensity and he had shown her not to try milk or vinegar or baking soda - it was a reaction of some kind of his own invention and impossible to stop pain that was like acid...&nbsp; but did no harm, and lasted just long enough for...&nbsp; her evening games.



She was still shy, it delighted him, anytime she blushed with her pale skin and the hair that made him cry it is the color of his Elizabeth's, his daughter he really never got to know.&nbsp; (she brushed away that thought as she had started to get all weepy)&nbsp; 



( a tear formed as she knew the Father he could have been ) 



Strangely, somehow, He was kind of also shy... and as she began to whimper the total exposure made rebecca blush wildly. They had been fully joined as a couple for only 7 weeks... but he never hesitated... although this pee pee part he had not ever wanted to do and learned as she had done it... he made her show him as he watched.



(she blushed darker) because she&nbsp; had at first fibbed and he knew somehow and then she admitted it when he began grilling her with questions as he caught her once long before they joined and he detected it on the phone that her breathing changed.&nbsp; 



It was shameful and hurt terribly but she somehow loved it - he said it disgusted him and always left the lights on bright and looked kind of sad and she turned red knowing what he would always do next unspoken emotions with his eyes and face... he never could lie with those even if she told him to in play - and it would prove he thought this was nasty and went too far - for him.&nbsp; She knew he did this for her.&nbsp; Somehow - he gave something to her - but what he did next....&nbsp; was his reflection, as se pulled him deeper into his ugly hungers....&nbsp; it was so terrible but they needed each other so much in this way and....



so he watched her, and he learned how... and then the next time...&nbsp;&nbsp; when she finally got him to use his little

finger, (and thus ever sense, each night of course) he pressed against her little pee hole, actually managing to insert the

very tip of his finger, threatening to thrust the entire digit up the tiny

entrance to her bladder. 



As always - it had to happen... and rebecca moaned as she could no longer hold back, and when

John removed his finger from her little hole, a gush of yellow liquid shot like

a hose from the center of her sex mouth and cascaded on John's chest, bathing

him in the warmth of her water that splashed down over his cock and balls. 



Then the other side would somehow...&nbsp; creep out of his darkness.&nbsp;&nbsp; His beautiful but not giant penis...&nbsp; would swell and get angry as she dirtied it (she would lick it off every time....once he even used her hair....&nbsp; he peed in her once.... he so HATED pee but his cock got so hard like a hammer and he got that evil smile and his erection wouldthrob.&nbsp; 



He forbade her to urinate each time they began.&nbsp; He detests urine - and yet she had no way to control her distended urethra - and he always would make her drink water all evening until shower time.&nbsp; 



Her Master, her Lord....&nbsp; John.&nbsp; His... his eyes sparkled when he released her labia and they closed like flaps leaving only the thin line of her

womanly division, and the stream of her pee now became a spray the length of her slice that continued to splash against his body and his rock hard shaft.&nbsp; 



His penis would turn even darker with erection as the urine would react and hurt her with the OTHER salve as the urine made it foam and tear into her skin BAD like a flaming hot iron bar of wetness like a fire in the ocean deep like rubbing a volcano tip on her sex and inside he worked 5 days and nights on it before the second time trying to make it hurt more and more and it was so awful she couldn't breathe and it burned and it felt as if her sex was burning off as he roughly pinched the urine dirty salve into no into her already bitten and coarsly hard-brushed while she had cried out from below he did that and then - hot nipples with a rough canvas washcloth from a boiling dirty urine rag with salt and oil and the horrible piss salve and he would glow like fire all over his veins and she would know her nipples would never grow back but they never showed harm but dried crusty fluid for days and hurt almost always worse he was an evil scientist and knew her flesh and never had to leave a mark nothing really terrible he did ever left a mark the scars and welts and burns were the least painful thing now from now on her games and he scrubbed and scrubbed her sex&nbsp; with hot piss-sink burning fire chemical already full when he began.&nbsp; 



He would throb like his body was a huge angry COCK and then, every TIME she began to cry...&nbsp; and beg him to stop but of course could not would not ever ever never ever ever lose him and could not use the safe word... and lose control....&nbsp; although she had lost control the moment he had sadly said....&nbsp; OK, sweet rebecca, yes, ok - tonight we'll play and she fucked him then on the couch like a teenager (he was much older) and they made LOVE as that was the bait for her GAMES and he was so helpless men always are. 



STOP STOP STOP SHE SCREAMED STOP AND SHE MEANT IT

but could never USE the x-boyfriend SAFE WORD as that was a price she COULD not pay she loved him her flesh hates him her cunt on fire her tits swelling into giant sweating pits of blisters....&nbsp; but nothing - no marks, just...&nbsp; PAIN YOU EVIL BASTARD I HATE YOU PAIN



Then, he began to enjoy himself ... this was HIS reward... and he began his pleasures.&nbsp; Every time.&nbsp; He would then use the rubber tire-wire whip on her wet burning nipples until either she screamed her offer of anything to stop him...&nbsp; or he was bathed with sweat.&nbsp; 



Then... as she remembered, she recoiled from this - evidence of her sick needs... 

as she tried to but could never could stop it begging him to stop and losing control of her bladder and sometimes retching and still he hurt her and the burning wanting to beg her inside soul but not her mouth was SCREAMING THE SAFE WORD but her love choked her and she couldn't breathe and he hurt her and hurt her with those sad excited eyes and always made it worse and WORSE and and she always started to cum right THEN knowing he loved her and hated liking this and whenever that thought hit without him even touching her ON FIRE BURNING cunt this time she knew he had set her ON FIRE he always told her not to cum but he would watch and pour the boiling piss-fire on her sex when she did and as she CAME in HER GAMES he would use a tiny narrow but now TOO BIG wood rough big stick with rough splinters and jam that f*cking chemical IN HER HOLES in her ASS and use the whip and she would cum... and cum and cum as she kept... 



Screaming.



This torture scared her, but he seemed so confident and at peace - if she gave him pleasure and it never left marks... and of course, he was so aroused and then she was able to earn his release.&nbsp; She sometimes would cry when she 

felt it might be a night when she just couldn't overcome his desire to 

hurt her more...&nbsp; until she distracted him and allowed her to try again.



If she touched him - her choice or his, anytime she touched him he would ALWAYS be furious if she failed to get his release not at her, at himself (he would start to almost seem to cry) - but that one evening (she hated this memory) she did fail at HER game to do it....while she was frantically crying and sobbing with the evening's shower and the incredible pain.&nbsp; He wouldn't stop and she couldn't when he paused and he then, well, a tear slid down and he looked oddly surprised and the evil John took the silver tear and you could tell he hated it more then her stinking cunt piss pain piss and he dipped it in salve and put it IN HER MOUTH.... OMG she couldn't and then....as he fucked her screaming pain mouth with his raging vein covered dick she couldn't beg a drop of pre-cum he liked her holes DRY she knew DRY until FOREVER and he would DRY her dirty slutjuice as quick as she made it he used ALUM and SALT and his evil stuff.... that evil bag of his evil stuff...



She hated him then and feared his sorry ass and her throat said the word but it didn't come out.&nbsp; TOO LATE submissive you will envy the DEAD he knew IT he used IT she couldn't TALK that fucking stuff THAT BAG she was of no voice but SCREAMS he did it on purpose and.... he had warned her many times not to play HER GAMES she knew he knew how to make her throat seal her vocal cords and he DID and he said then OMG OMG OMG OMG



He turned cold.&nbsp; Something...&nbsp; died in him that night.&nbsp; He stopped talking and she would have to lie still and he would hurt her.&nbsp; It only happened once.... like amnesia...&nbsp; she could only remember his erection, the things....&nbsp; tiny knives,&nbsp; tiny hot torches....&nbsp; a steam that came from a gigantic plastic rod he used to blister her cervical ring....&nbsp; until she fainted....&nbsp; and he awoke her with a whip on her breasts....&nbsp; and raped her.... deep he was into her cervix it reached forward for his cock somehow it had swollen, and when he had torn into her womb....&nbsp; (she could not remember but knew....&nbsp; it was something worse.....&nbsp; and he had been so hard and always used the openings he had just turned into fire to even breathe.... and he used his rock-hard cock to tear the little blisters away.... and get at the real hurt.... what he did inside...



He did something to her rear too....she couldn't remember what "toy" did it. and made her eat peppers and roasted hard peanuts and oil......&nbsp;&nbsp; and then made her drink something and sprayed hot boiling enema fluid in and then it all began to explode and came out there and she screamed like she was being burned alive when she had to go to the bathroom.....&nbsp; he had cum in her throat once while he made her poop.... she was sobbing and screaming and then she didn't swallow it all and he looked so sad and got a rubber whip made of a car fan belt and the cuts on her breasts and between her legs may never heal even now but he MADE her do it......&nbsp;&nbsp; on her own bed.......&nbsp;&nbsp; he made her poo her own bed and sleep with torn nipples on the fiery slippery filth from her ass...... in that one night he made her do (words stopped and she rocked like a baby).....&nbsp; (she nearly passed out remembering that night because she failed to earn his cum in time).....&nbsp; and this beautiful morning in memory of that she again sobbed......&nbsp; and then.....&nbsp; as she remembered the pain.... her cunt... it began to get wet and she remembered it was only a memory......&nbsp; OMG she was so horny if he caught her OMG.



She never could do anything but cry... remembering that night it happened she failed to earn his Master's price - his semen.&nbsp; She began to rock, in the fetal position, but really could not remember what he had done.&nbsp; All she knew was she had bitten the ball gag in half, and he then used her doll from her crib when she was a baby...&nbsp; and she couldn't even bite down and something in her died and was replaced with something she could not name but could not help but beg for again and again and again.&nbsp; 



But then she made him play the evening game again.&nbsp; SHE made him do it...&nbsp; he said it wasn't that GOOD for him, it made his evil grow, he asked her not to beg him, but she did....&nbsp; He always made her prove she wanted to play - he never would let his pain hunger allow him ask for HER game - she hated herself for begging for what might make... the other things... happen again if she failed.



Suddenly her sex was again awash with need and she remembered what happened the next day after that.&nbsp;&nbsp; She recoiled from the memories

of that night - and his demand that still crying and sleepless and still having spasms in her burning womb and inside her sex he made her....&nbsp; go on with her life.&nbsp; He made her wear clothing on her raw flesh with no sleep and get dressed and simply...&nbsp; go to work.&nbsp; She sobbed openly in front of her class and couldn't stop when she had to move to sit down... they were upset and... and...&nbsp; and she finally told them she had to sit still as her Grandpa had died - the only lie as a teacher she ever told.&nbsp; 



He made her admit it.&nbsp; And he then He told her next time, she had to teach normally - sit, walk, move, and he would WALK with her to school (not let her DRIVE) to school (almost a MILE) and already he had the principal's permission to observe.&nbsp; 



She knew he never lied, and he told her he was waiting for the hottest day of the Summer.&nbsp; He planned to make her wear a wool pantsuit and no panties... if she did not make him cum that evening.&nbsp;&nbsp; He said...&nbsp; he said he doubted anyone, even that as much as he loved her, that even she could with what would happen....&nbsp; He cried as he said that he was sick with dark need - as bad as hers maybe and that was his orgasm....&nbsp; not the cumming, her pain.... something terrible and he cried like a baby then.



He loved pain....&nbsp; her pain.... so much more then pleasure.&nbsp; (thinking of this she began to cum again and sobbed)&nbsp; 



...then, as her finger began to stir her still-sore clitoris she began to glow and smile and remembered the rest - last night....&nbsp; she became bright and her fear fell from her face....&nbsp; she began to glow like a new bride and....&nbsp; remembered the rest of her evening game they played.&nbsp; Her game.&nbsp; Her game.&nbsp;&nbsp; ....her fingers began to touch herself (forbidden) she couldn't stop it!



As always last night and any night they played HER game there was more washing, playing.&nbsp; rebecca's face pressed against the

shower wall, her legs spread, her back arched, her eyes closed tightly and a low

crooning coming from her lips as John's fingers washed, pressed, caressed the

entry to her bottom. rebecca resisted anal but found she, 

could not avoid orgasms... and that pleased him and John could make her cum and cum, the

ever-gentle touch of his fingers on the bud of her ass, his finger searching,

touching and then dipping in until two fingers slowly rhythmically slid in and

out of her ass while rebecca moved with them. 



He would always then be so erect and dry her tiny hole and shove his little finger with the drying cloth in as far as he could and dry his huge penis now showing veins she could feel them because he used a really rough cloth.



Then he would make her kneel in that position, her breasts not allowed to leave the rough salty canvas fucksheet... and thrust savagely, brutally, into her rectum....&nbsp; and she would somehow gush from her dirty ass slippery clean.... some kind of lubricant she made from INSIDE he called it her "slut juice" and his penis would become slick

and she knew she belonged to him now and this was right and his right and she wanted to be owned and shared and shamed and used and she was an anal whore and his slut and she loved him and long strings of her vaginal wetness

fell in long strands from her labia and react with the new salve and sting and then drip in one 

long strand to the

floor of their bedroom with that awful salted sheet cutting into her screaming breasts and nipples. 



...she lurched in pleasure, she remembered.... that Last night something had happened...&nbsp; she did not stop cumming... and 

then the orgasms became a wave and the wave grew and she felt like she

blacked out she began after minutes that seemed years to black out in pleasure from his anal violation and her slutty ass began to spray more of 

the same pleasure sweat ...&nbsp; 





and when she collapsed she remembered HIS cum and her mouth was dry and she panicked and as she knew she had to in just this way she without even looking for dirt on it she dove up from the 

floor to her knees, grasping his cock and balls and sliding it deep into

her mouth, her tongue swishing across the head of his prick, carefully avoiding his little pee-hole (she touched him there once and he had stuck a catheter in hers and made her do things until he came until he let her pee and her kidneys hurt and he whipped her on the catheter and he had glued bits of abrasive to it....&nbsp; and as he came in her hungry mouth (she never had swallowed before or spit - he told her if she did that she would be unable to work for a week.&nbsp; She believed him.)&nbsp; and he jerked it out and bits of the inner flesh came out and he came right THEN as he pulled it free and HE CAME THEN in her hungry cumming sucking mouth as the pee burned and spilled....&nbsp; on him.....&nbsp; and she screamed so hard as he came and she tried to swallow and she had cum then so hard.&nbsp;&nbsp; 



WHAT AM I?&nbsp; WHO AM I?&nbsp; (if she came when he wasn't touching her she knew that was always punished with the hard belt on her breasts and she came as she had the thought knowing that now and she was so confused....

....and as she remembered as she arched and cried out in pleasure as her hand blurred and fingernails scratched her raw holes and as she came as she masturbated).





The phone rang.





His voice, (her Lord, her lover, her dreams come to flesh) - her true love her Dominant her Master her most trusted devoted faithful friend but the price of having his touch.... was.... what she heard....next.



He said - "Take a week of vacation.&nbsp; Now.&nbsp; Or please - don't, I don't know.&nbsp; rebecca has a choice Becca - we... You have an emergency.&nbsp; There is a security camera in the kitchen rebecca."&nbsp; (she cringed as if struck by an iron bar and began to retch).



If you are not kneeling on the gravel back steps when I arrive naked - I will not touch you again, you disobedient slut.



He hung up.



....she....&nbsp; did not hesitate as she called work and shed clothing and walked into the open backyard....&nbsp;&nbsp; and knelt.....&nbsp; tits on gravel, knees cut by the stones..... sun burning into her sex.....&nbsp; her ass......&nbsp; she was so pale that morning......&nbsp; it was not allowed for her to tan at all and five hours later, at 2:00PM, as she heard his car.....



...the moment kneeling became forever, and the sun moved across the sky.&nbsp; She (a pale redhead) felt the sun on the skin.... her open sexual parts....her back.....&nbsp; it began to feel burn....then she knew what it meant as she felt a chill...&nbsp; she might have to go to the hospital for this sunburn and as she had that thought.....



she knew "why."&nbsp; Why he never let her go in the sun without being fully covered in sunblock and wearing cotton wraps....&nbsp; to her knees.



She knew why....&nbsp; and that this was HIS true passion....&nbsp; this.....&nbsp; she did not know, as she was always free to simply get up, why 10 minutes later she was kneeling in blistered submission) - as he walked up and saw what they had done to her and she heard him choke back tears as he.... as he said - 



"You made me sad."&nbsp; then he began to rub a handful of sand into her most private places.&nbsp; Her knowledge of pain then fell away and she knew he was God - or Satan.&nbsp; She lost her mind that was before - to him, in that long minute as he rubbed the sand in to her sex and inside her anus using his hard fingers....



 "You will think this is baby oil soon".&nbsp;&nbsp; From a new place - faraway from the Becca of before she heard His voice, THE voice...&nbsp; Dearest Becca....&nbsp; I must know your truth now.&nbsp; This is your choice.... but for the next 24 hours my Queen, rebecca, are you sure you want this?"



She heard herself....as she came again....hard....&nbsp; she heard someone named rebecca sob and cry and choke out ....without his touch.....say "Yes, my Lord."



A tear streaked his face.&nbsp; He was crying... more every moment as he reached to drag her to the bedroom.&nbsp; She had loosed his dark thing - she had.



They shared this dark thing - called Love.&nbsp; And she heard him sob....&nbsp; and he cried and she knew that his hunger not to hurt, not to hurt her most of all, that that hunger he could not ever again satisfy, it hurt worse then anything mere flesh could ever know.&nbsp;&nbsp; 



And, they died.&nbsp; And John/rebecca were one.&nbsp; They shared.... all -&nbsp; now.&nbsp; 



And they lived... together, a couple in love, forever, after.



...and inside they cried and after, in their own way, each of them felt shame, wished for death.&nbsp; When they played... what had been her evening games - HIS evening games.&nbsp; THEIR evening games, the same precise game.&nbsp; But, no longer a game at all.&nbsp; Forever.



Epilogue:



Gentle readers.&nbsp; These thoughts sicken me but I will cum in her screams but not this way I am a sadist you see.&nbsp; There is a truth - a reason, she already knows it.



We are warned, but continue - all of us, you know, are warned.



This story is a true story IN ONLY ONE WAY, the true fear and dark hunger and true wonderful powerful real love of a good Dominant man, and a great submissive woman.&nbsp; I am John (R/L) and she is rebecca (R/L), and we are reaching toward a lifestyle and R/L joining.



She lives in New ***** near Wall Street (guess what town) and I began my career near that universe of life you all have heard of, and years before she was an adult.&nbsp; I am mature in years, but she has some maturity already I need to grow up into.



Anyway, in our town I of course made money and lost money, not always mine.&nbsp; Both of us believe in life and walked away from those grand careers (she just did) without having grown that ugly greed.&nbsp; We desire, as all do, love.&nbsp; I honor that choice in all who can tear away from greed for money.



I was lucky - I think, maybe, she was strong.&nbsp; I was lucky as I was falling into that ugly money pit.&nbsp; I...&nbsp; became ill one day for love lost can make you ill, and left my work.&nbsp; The one bright luck in a terrible lost moment of my younger self.



...perhaps I hope she never finds this online.&nbsp; I fear sharing this deeply, as she is so my dream and perhaps my future.&nbsp; I think I may fall in love.



John H&nbsp; (not in but near New *****, who has been on Wall Street, but if she is there, I will return - to her home, sanctuary.&nbsp; Love is not blind, for it must see, and then shed tears of hope, fear, and joy.



Lifestyle is wonderful, but the price terrible.&nbsp; I pay it gladly, as it is my truth.



If you are like I am, like I believe "we" are and may be together....&nbsp; reach for the love, despite the pain.&nbsp; If not, if you are horrified by what you read and you are just so lucky to be in love and stay - vanilla - reach for love, despite the pain.&nbsp; The pain is the constant truth - of love.&nbsp; Pray she dies in your arms at 90, as I do.&nbsp; Pray for the pain alone, so she will never feel it, as I do.



That is true love.



Please - do it for yourself and the world around you.&nbsp; Accept the pain of love.







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Colonel Peters and miss rebecca


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





