BDSM Library - Pump and Punish




Pump and Punish
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Kyra, discipline administrator at a reform school, takes drastic measures to get through to a repeat offender.







Summary: Kyra, discipline administrator at a reform school, takes drastic measures to get through to a repeat offender.
Keywords: F/M, spank, femdom, strapon
Author: Rick_oh
Title: Pump And Punish

Story: Pump and Punish

The weekends, including Fridays, were the busiest days for Kyra, the 
headmistress and primary discipline administrator at the reform 
school.&nbsp; It was 8 in the morning on Friday.&nbsp; As she brought up the 
roster of discipline for that day, four residents' files appeared on 
the screen.&nbsp; Kyra sighed.&nbsp; "Damn good thing I have Monday through 
Wednesday off," she said aloud, although there was no one else in the 
office.&nbsp; She assigned the appointment times for the four miscreants 
after seeing what their offenses were.

She scheduled resident 377 for 10:00 AM. This was his first 
discipline appointment, for loud talking after lights out.&nbsp; "He'll 
make some loud noises when I'm strapping him," Kyra mused to herself.

Resident 410 got the 11:00 slot.&nbsp; "We'll see if he can sit down at 
lunch after I'm done with him," thought Kyra.&nbsp; She noted that #410 
had been repeatedly disrespectful to the other administrators.

When she clicked on resident #290's file her eyes opened wide.&nbsp; 
"Whoah!" she exclaimed.&nbsp; "This one's gonna need some special 
treatment to get through to him."&nbsp; Several lines came up for #290's 
offenses: Talking after lights out; Bullying other residents; Food 
fight; Disrespect to females.&nbsp; She checked on why #290 was at the 
reform school: Intercourse in a public place - third offense.

Kyra flagged #290's record as needing medical services, and entered 
in the instructions "Colonic irrigation at 11:00 AM - Extensive and 
Complete".&nbsp; She then entered the disciplinary appointment time for 
2:00 PM, and sent a bulletin for an all-staff meeting: "It is 
necessary for all the staff to attend a meeting this afternoon at 
2:15 PM in the punishment room of the disciplinary quarters.&nbsp; The 
duration of the meeting is expected to be approximately 30 to 45 
minutes."

A series of quiet beeps at 9:55 AM reminded her that it was time for 
the first appointment of the day.&nbsp; Kyra locked her office door and 
proceeded to the punishment room, where she unlocked a cabinet and 
retrieved a leather tawse.&nbsp; She then stood in front of the punishment 
bench, her feet apart, her hands in front of her, one hand holding 
the tawse.&nbsp; This was for effect; when the resident is led into the 
room, and while being secured to the punishment bench, he sees Kyra 
standing there with a dispassionate expression on her face, holding 
the instrument of punishment.

Exactly on time, #377 was led in by two staffers.&nbsp; He got a feeling 
of impending dread when he caught sight of Kyra with the strap.&nbsp; 
"Does he need to be undressed and bound?" one of the staff asked.

"No.&nbsp; I will need both of you to hold him down, though," answered 
Kyra.&nbsp; "Just bend him over the punishment bench and hold him still."

They forced the now-frightened young man into a bent-over position.&nbsp; 
Kyra now spoke to him.

"I want you to bare your bottom now," she instructed.&nbsp; "Remember that 
if you don't comply, I will give you extra."&nbsp; His trembling hands 
reached back and he slowly pulled his trousers down past his nether 
cheeks.&nbsp; He felt all the more vulnerable with the sensation of the 
cool ambient air on his newly exposed buttocks.

Kyra stated "We will begin now," and walked around to the left side 
of the male.&nbsp; She extended her arm and touched the strap to the 
male's bared bottom, gauging her position.&nbsp; A slight adjustment in 
her position, and she was ready.&nbsp; She drew her arm back, and 
energetically swiped the tawse across both nether cheeks of the male, 
ending the swing with a follow-through similar to that of a tennis 
player.&nbsp; He reacted with a jolt, as if startled.&nbsp; A few seconds later 
Kyra placed another forceful stroke of the tawse.

"Uhhhhhh!" exclaimed #377.&nbsp; Another swipe.&nbsp; "Owwwwww!"

He reacted more vocally with each successive swat, writhing and 
struggling against the firm hands of the two females holding him 
down.&nbsp; After fourteen swats, Kyra paused and asked him, "No more 
noise after lights out?"

"No more! I won't do it again!"

Kyra resumed the strapping to the tune of the male's loud shouts, 
enthusiastically giving him ten more swats to bring the total to 
twenty four, and replaced the tawse in the cabinet.

She was busy with phone calls and other administrative duties when 
her PC beeped and her screen showed that it was time for the next 
appointment.&nbsp; A slight smile brightened her face and she sent to the 
punishment room and retrieved the paddle and the rattan cane.&nbsp; 
Exactly on time, #410 was escorted in.

"Loosen his trousers, bind him so he can't move, and bare his 
bottom," Kyra instructed the escorts.&nbsp; She stood watching with her 
hands on her hips while the two escorts did her bidding.

She picked up the oak paddle and prepared to commence his discipline. 
"You know why you're here," she addressed the resident. "You can 
expect more of this every time that you repeat the offense."&nbsp; The 
paddle whacked against the bared buttocks of the male.&nbsp; Scarcely a 
few seconds later, another loud 'CRACK!' reverberated through the 
room.&nbsp; And again...

CRACK!&nbsp;&nbsp; 

"Owwww!"

CRACK!&nbsp; 

"OW! NO!"

CRACK!

"Aaaaaugh!"

Kyra paused for about a minute, and continued.&nbsp; Both the sound the 
paddle made at contact, plus the male's strident reaction, filled the 
room each time Kyra swung the paddle.

After twenty swats, Kyra put the paddle down and picked up the 
straight rattan cane.&nbsp; Whisking it swiftly through the air, she spoke 
to the bound miscreant, "That was your main course, number 410.&nbsp; Now 
it's time for dessert, with the frosting on the cake."

Kyra, with the well-placed and enthusiastic swats of the paddle, had 
taken him past the point where he thought that he couldn't take any 
more punishment.&nbsp; Every paddle stroke felt blazing hot. Now, when the 
realization sank in that he had no choice but to take still more, he 
was truly afraid.

"Please, no more! Please! I can't take any more!"

"Oh?" asked Kyra.&nbsp; "It doesn't look to me like you have any choice.&nbsp; 
Let's get on with it now - it's getting close to lunchtime, and I 
know all this is giving you a big appetite."

Kyra expertly striated the miscreant's well-paddled bare bottom with 
twenty brisk, fast-paced whisks of the thin whippy cane.&nbsp; The room 
was amply filled with the strident shouts of the male receiving the 
punishment. Satisfied that she had gotten his attention, she put the 
paddle and the cane away and went back to her office.

Over a light lunch, Kyra took care of her ever-increasing paperwork, 
made some phone calls, and browsed the web.&nbsp; At precisely 1:55 PM, 
her alarm signaled that it was time for the next punishment session 
of the day.&nbsp; She smiled to herself as she got up to let herself in to 
the punishment room.&nbsp; She unlocked the cabinet and retrieved the oak 
paddle and the leather tawse.&nbsp; At precisely 2:00, the door opened and 
#290 came in, escorted by two security staffers.

"I want him totally undressed for this session," she instructed.&nbsp; 
"Please bind his hands and waist."

"Yes ma'am," they replied in unison, also being aware of the 
all-staff meeting that had been called for fifteen minutes hence. 

"He had his colonic, didn't he?" asked Kyra.

"I personally saw to it that he did," replied Michelle.&nbsp; "It was very 
deep and thorough," she continued with a smile.

Everyone waited silently after #290 had been stripped naked and bound 
to the punishment bench.&nbsp; He knew that something was different 
because he usually got his discipline immediately after being 
secured.&nbsp; For ten long minutes he waited and wondered, until he heard 
the door open and a crowd of people come in.

All the staff was present - the security staff, the nurses, the 
kitchen workers, the maintenance staff, the landscapers, the clerical 
staff, and Kyra's assistants - all in all, more than thirty women.

"We can begin the meeting now," Kyra announced.&nbsp; "It seems that 
previous punishment sessions have not made enough of an impression on 
this one.&nbsp; So I wanted everyone to see him being punished today, 
Also, I have a special treat for him.&nbsp; But first, I'd like each of 
you to give him five swats with the paddle.&nbsp; He has been 
disrespectful to most of you, and I think it's fitting that everyone 
has a hand in his punishment today.&nbsp; Analisa, you may start.&nbsp; When 
you have given him five swats, hand the paddle to the next staffer in 
line."

Analisa needed no further encouragement, having been on the receiving 
end of many disparaging comments from #290 in the past few days.&nbsp; She 
recalled these events vividly as she swung the paddle with full 
force.

As each woman took her turn wielding the paddle, #290 tried his best 
to present a tough exterior; but as the repeated strokes of the 
paddle tenderized his bared bottom, he felt each succeeding woman's 
swats more and more keenly.&nbsp; Every swat was a red-hot ordeal of 
blazing sensation, and he was sure that some of the swats rattled his 
teeth.&nbsp; He could not refrain from, at first, a muffled exclamation at 
each impact; later on, he dropped all pretension and freely shouted 
an "Oh!" or an "Aughh!" with every swat.&nbsp; A few of the women gave 
rather light swats, but most of them gladly and enthusiastically 
delivered them.

When all the staff had finished wielding the paddle, Kyra announced, 
"Now that our exhibitionist has a bright red tail to show off, I 
thought he might enjoy being watched while I use a strap-on dildo on 
it."

A cacophony of excited exclamations and comments filled the room for 
a moment, and Kyra held up her hand.&nbsp; "His punishment is not over yet 
- that red tail of his will also be well strapped before he leaves 
this room.&nbsp; Feel free to move around the room and watch from wherever 
you want."

She moved to where #290 could see her, and stepped out of her white 
cotton panties, which had absorbed some dampness from the day's 
activities.&nbsp; She proudly draped them over #290's head while several 
of the spectators giggled.&nbsp; She retrieved the strap-on that was to be 
used, turned her skirt so that the slit was toward the front, stepped 
into the strap-on harness and adjusted it.

"Nurse Linda, please bring me the dropper bottle of lubricant," she 
directed.&nbsp; Kyra inserted several droppers full of lubricant through 
#290's back way before generously applying some to the strap-on probe 
that protruded from her hips.&nbsp; The staff members crowded around her 
as she spread #290's nether cheeks and placed the tip of the probe at 
the puckered opening.&nbsp; She inserted nearly two inches of it with a 
brusque thrust.

"Auuuuugh!" he cried.

Holding his cheeks apart, Kyra none too gently worked the probe in 
and out, going a little further in each time.

"Ohh! Auugh! Ooooh! Owwwww! Oooooh!" he further exclaimed in time 
with the thrusts, while Kyra worked him for about two minutes.

She popped out, removed the leather tawse from a hook on her belt, 
stepped back directly behind him, and, with alternating forehand and 
backhand strokes, delivered ten quick and powerful swats of the 
leather onto his buttocks.

"Ahhh! Ahhhh! Ahhh! ..." he shouted, each one in reaction to the 
tawse swiping across his bottom, each one louder and more urgent than 
the previous.

She smeared some more lubricant on the probe, parted #290's cheeks, 
and roughly penetrated him.&nbsp; She worked in and out, going in all the 
way with each thrust.&nbsp; He uttered loud protests and kicked his legs 
continuously as Kyra's hips rhythmically undulated.&nbsp; She continued 
her oscillating movement for a couple of minutes, then withdrew, 
stepped back, and imparted ten more strokes of the leather.

Upon the next penetration, she brusquely worked the probe in and out 
for close to four minutes, telling him that the next time she had to 
do this, the entire population of residents would be in the 
auditorium watching him get his tail end worked over in more ways 
than one.&nbsp; Then she gave him twenty fast-paced strokes of the leather 
as he chimed in with a one-man symphony of lament.

Kyra removed the strap-on harness, thanked the staff for 
participating, and called an end to the meeting.&nbsp; Back in her office, 
she locked her door, leaned back in her chair, and reflected on the 
day's events.&nbsp; Her hands went between her legs as she spread them, 
and she closed her eyes and visualized ravaging #290's bottom with a 
strap-on while on stage.


-----
I hope you enjoyed this story. I enjoyed writing it. This work is 
copyright by the author, and commercial use is prohibited without 
permission.&nbsp; Archiving and reposting of this story unmodified is 
permitted provided that no fee is charged, either directly or 
indirectly (including so-called "adult checks") and provided that 
this disclaimer and attribution to the original author (rick_oh at 
onolanke.router5.com) are maintained.&nbsp; My other stories can be seen at 
http://www.asstr.org/~rick_oh/






Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Rick_oh


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





