BDSM Library - The Debasement of Annette




The Debasement of Annette
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A humiliation slut who gets what she needs....and then some. 






lounged back in my chair and looked at her. She certainly cut a striking figure..... Deep brown hair, striking blue eyes, and a curvy figure. She'd obviously put a lot of effort into her clothing, her dress was simple, yet elegant, covering her generous bust, while clinging, and falling down to just above the knee, the color shifting from a deep blue at shoulder height, to a light green at the knee.



She stood on the rug in front of my armchair, one leg crossed over hte other, her eyes downcast in shame, darting up to look at me, and then dropping down again.



"Now", I said, "what did you want again?".



She practically writhed on the spot, her fingers intertwining, her knee's dropping then straightening, her eyes dropping further down, her voice barely audible as she said "I'd like to play again".



"I didn't quite catch that", I said, loudly.



"I'd like to play again...Sir", she said, in a louder voice.



I looked her up and down, my lip curling in a slight sneer, as I said "You know what you need, if oyu want my time and attention, Annette".



She visibly crumpled, at the same time she let out a groan, half of pleasure, half of disbelief.



"Yes, sir, I have it here. Should I...." she made a half motion towards the bag she'd put down at the side of the mat. I stopped her with an upraised hand, and pointed to the corner. "I'll think about it", was all I said. Without another word, she dropped to her knees and crawled off the mat, onto the hardwood floor, and over to the corner. Clearly remembering the last time, she pushed her shoulders back, and met her elbows behind her back, pushing her generous breasts into the wall. She plucked her skirt up with her hands, revealing the lacy white g-string she was wearing, and the purple end of the plug poking out from her ass.



I left her there, as I turned on the TV and watched a programme. Every time I moved, and the chair creaked, she let out a little gasp, or moan. I smiled to myself. For many girls, the stint in the corner would have gotten boring after about 2 minutes. She'd been there for 20, now, and I could strongly smell her arousal, filling the air with her scent. WHen she moved, there'd be a small puddle under her. Being ignored, especially as I hadn't yet agreed to use her, triggered her need for degradation and humiliation.



With a loud, put-upon sigh, I finally beckoned her back to me. She crawled over to me, and knelt at my feet, looking up at me through the curtain of her hair, her eyes expectant, yet begging. I looked down at her and raised my eyebrows. "well, I'm waiting", I said, coldly. "I'm sorry, Sir, sorry", she babbled as she grabbed her bag and counted out $250 in $50 notes, before kneeling, holding the money above her head, her eyes down. 



"Please sir, here is the money you require, please, please play with me, I need it, please sir".



I looked down at her. She did make a very pretty picture, and she did have the required money. She didn't know it, but any money she paid me was either spent on toys for her, or else put aside, to be returned when I 'released' her. At the moment, taking her money was just humiliating her, as she had to pay to be abused.



I took her money, putting on the side table, and then said, "Position one".



Immediately, she smoothly stood, arms behind her head, breasts pushed out, legs shoulder width apart.



I stood up and walked around her.

"That's a nice dress, toy", I said.

"thank you sir".

"Is it expensive?"

"S...seven hundred dollars, sir".

"Hmm, that's an expensive dress to come see me in. Did you dress up for me?"

"Y...yes sir, I didn't want to disappoint you, like last time"

Her voice trembled, as she remember the scorn I'd heaped on her for the way she'd dressed last time.



I smiled, as I reached into an open drawer and removed a pair of scissors.



I walk around in front of her, and hand her the scissors, which she takes, bewildered.



"cut that dress off, toy. I don't like it"



The look on her face was priceless. I'd ripped clothes of her in previous sessions, and she might have been expecting something similiar, but to have to mutilate her own new and expensive clothing was something she'd never even considered.



She started at the V of the neck, cutting straight down, till I stopped her. "I want that dress in strips, girl" I said, my voice hard, "So you'd better get creative with your cutting"



At my words, she started to cut on a diagonal, moving the scissors around, cutting different patterns, till the whole dress slithered off her into a heap at her feet, and leaving her clad in her white liengerie



I made a spinning motion with my finger, telling her I wanted her to turn.

She slowly turned on the spot, her ass becoming visible in her skimpy g-string.





"Bend", I said, coldly and she did, displaying that plump, ripe ass for me.

"Now, slap that fat ass, slut", I said in the same voice.

I heard her groan as I called her ass fat, and her hand came around and smacked into her ass. "This fat assed slut thanks you, sir", she said, as I'd trained her to. 



Her hand came around again, impacting with a loud smack

"This dirty whore thanks you, sir"

I let this continue for another 6 slaps, as she went through being an 'ass fucking whore', a 'stupid dirty cunt' and a 'pathetic little bitch'.





"Crawl to me", I said, lightly and she immediately fell to her knees, spun and then started towards me.

She looked up at me, while keeping her shoulders lower than her ass.

Her look was sultry, smoldering, and I could almost taste her desire to see that she pleased me, that she was having an effect. 





I schooled my face to impassiveness, and watched her show.

She reached me and dropped her face to my shoes, carefully not touching them, but hovering above.

"Your slavegirl asks to kiss your feet, Master", she said in a breathy voice. "Please"

I sighed, as if it was a huge imposition, and said "Very well".





She dropped the last inch and started showering kisses on shoes, til I lightly put my hand on the back of her head, stopping her.

"This bitch thanks you for touching her, Master", she said, automatically.

"Kneel up, slut", I said and she straighted, her ass resting on her heels, projecting her big breasts towards me, her hands going behind her head, her eyes staying locked on the floor.





I reached out slowly peeled the cup over her right breast down, popping her breast out, revealing the rock hard nipple.

I gently caressed it, then flicked it, bringing a gasp and a shudder from her.

"Hmm....this is a very pretty bra, slut. Did you wear this for me too?"

"Y..yes, Master..", she stuttered,

"I bought it for you..", she finished in a whisper.





I gave her my 'asshole' smile, and reached out, ripping the left cup out completly, destroying her bra, and revealing her other pert, perky breast.

She gasped, eyes still down, and her body seemed to melt a little bit, there was nothing really different about her posture, it was just as if some of the steel went out of her, like she surrendered.





I picked up the marker I keep in the lounge table and uncapped it. I leaned over and wrote "SAGGY" over her left breast and "TITS" over her right.

"Master, may this pathetic cunt speak?", she asked, suddenly.

"No", I said, with finality.

I deftly wrote the word URINAL across the top of her chest, and then I said "Now, you may speak, cunt".





"Master, this girl needs to pee. May she please use the bathroom?".

I smiled at her and said, "No, but you may get the bucket".

She moaned and started to crawl off, opening the door of my hall cupboard, and taking the handle of the waste bucket in her mouth. Holding it tightly, she slowly dragged it into the living room, and then sat back on her haunches and looked at me.





I picked up the bucket and moved it in front my wide open lounge window. Then, I turned and beckoned to her, and she crawled over to me.

I took a handful of her hair, and lifted her to a squatting position over the bucket.

"Now, you can piss, girl", I said and she reached down to her panties and started to slide them off. "No", I said, sharply. "They stay on."





She shot me a horrified, humiliated look, and groaned, as her pee began to splash into the bucket.

I watched her face, as she looked out through the window, watched the humiliation and shame grow on her face as the yellow stain bloomed on her white panties. Finally, the splashing stopped and she tried hard to stifle a sob. "Finished, slut?", I asked, off hand.

"Y,,,y....yes, Master", she sobbed, as her wet panties plastered themselves to her cunt, outlinign her lips clearly. "You pissed all through your nice panties tho, slut. What sort of disgusting, little slut does that?", I asked.

"This cunt is just a disgusting little pisswhore, Master", she answered, still sobbing.





I took a handful of her hair and lifted her to her feet again, then marched her over to my entry way, standing her so she was facing the front door. "Take them off", I ordered her. She slowly slid her panties down her legs, then picked htem up and offered them to me. "Don't offer me your disgusting, piss stained panties, slut", I said, feigned anger in my voice.

"Put them over your head, so people don't have to look at your ugly face"





She cast me a look of horror and disbelief, but even as she did, her hands were bringing the panties up to her head, pulling them down over her hair, with the crotch section facing the front. "Uh uh uh, cunt", I said, "Position the crotch over your nose, so you can smell just how disgusting you are".

With another stifled sob, she spun the underwear on her head.



Once it was positioned to my satisfaction, I put my hand on her shoulder, and pushed her down, so she was kneeling. "Position 2", I said, and she smoothly spread her legs, her back going ramrod straight, her elbows coming together behind her back, pushing those big breasts out and thrusting her cunt forward.



As I turned to head into the lounge again, the front door clicked open and Becky walked in.

She surveyed the scene before her, and then asked with a smile, "Hmm, so what have we here?".















Becky walked over to me, a sensual strut, knowing Annette's eyes were glued to her, in shock and fear. She flicked her long blonde hair back over her shoulder as she greeted me a deep, open mouthed kiss, before falling to her knees and kissing each of my feet.



"Your slave greets you, Master", she said, formally, before sliding a collar from her handbag, kissing it and lifting to me.

"Please collar your property, Master", she asked then, her eyes downcast, the collar higher than her head.





I reached down, took the collar and buckled it around her slender neck, fastening the lock on tight. The key to it rested on a thin chain in my wallet.



She started to remove her wrist cuffs, but I put my hand out and stopped her. "Not tonight, my slave girl. We have someone new to play with"

She looked up at me with her wicked grin and said, her voice pitched to carry, "Who is the urinal, anyway?" 



I raised my own voice slightly. "cunt, tell Becky who you are".

"This stupid cunt is Sir's urinal, Miss", Annette said, obediently.

I smirked a little, and said, my voice patronising this time, "Not WHAT you are, stupid cunt, WHO you are".

Her eyes went wide, at that, and she stammered out, "T...this cunt i...is Annette Bowning, Miss. She is t...he Senior Vice P.p..p..president of the 1st National Bank".





When she heard this, Becky's eyes widened in pure delight, and she slithered from her knees, somehow snaking around my body, to end up with her lucious breasts pressed into my back, her arm draped across my chest, and her stance hipshot behind me. "Senior vice president", Becky said, her voice filled with scorn. "A pathetic little fuck rag like you?".



I could see her face visibly wilt behind her piss stained panties as Becky spoke to her. "Tell Becky how you got your job, cunt", I said, my voice emotionless, and my face still impassive.



She was almost sobbing now, as she said "T....this c..c...cunt is too stupid to d...do her j.j...job propely, Miss Becky. S...sh....she had to fuck her wa....way there".



I decided that Annette had had enough direct humiliation for now, so I twisted, slight, took a handful of Becky's long, blonde hair, to the accompaniment of her swiftly indrawn breath.

"You are overdressed, slave", I said, evenly, as I pulled her down to her knees. "Strip".





She hurriedly began to unbutton her deep blue shirt, almost ripping buttons off in her haste, revealing her pert, B cup breasts, unsupported by a bra, before attacking the zip of her skirt, and then, finally, her lacy black g-string.





I walked around her, and as I crossed the point directly behind her, she lifted her ass, pushing her face further down, as I'd trained her too. I could see the black base of her plug poking out of her ass. I stopped and pressed sharply on the plug, to her accompanying groan. "How long has this been in, slave", I asked, mildly.

"2 hours, Master", she promptly replied. "I inserted it just before I left work as usual.....oh god. I'm so sorry Master. Please, forgive me".



I smiled, and not a nice one, as she babbled. She had standing orders to plug herself for her ride home from work, but for the last week, she was supposed to wear the plug for an extra hour, as a punishment. I looked down at my babbling slave, Annette ignored in the entryway, and said, quietly,

"Silence, slave".



The begging cut off instantly, and I said, still in that quiet, smooth voice, "Kneel up".

She pulled her self up, pushing her small chest out, and spreading her knees, her eyes downcast, her arms behind her back. I picked up the marker and wrote "CUNTLAPPER" across her chest, where I knew her downcast eyes would read it.



I then pointed across the room at Annette and said, "well, cuntlapper, there's your first assignment. Off you go".



Becky looked up at me, a hint of pleading in her eyes, but I kept my own eyes iron hard, and I gestured again at the kneeling Annette.

"Crawl over and ask to lick her cunt, cuntlapper", I said, coldly.

With a whimper, she started toward Annette, on her hand and knees, stopping, still crouched on all fours, before the kneeling girl, and asking,

"Please, Miss...urinal, may I lick your cunt".

Annette looked down at her, with wide eyes, and whispered, "yes".

Becky moved closer and slowly pushed her head to Annette's crotch. Her nose wrinkled a little at the smell, Annette hadn't been give the chance to wipe after her bucket display, and her cunt was coated in dried piss and smelled accordingly.





Slowly, at first, then with increasing speed, Becky's pink tongue darted out and flicked against Annette's clean shaven sex.

After the first 2 minutes, Becky had mostly cleaned Annette's cunt, and was now starting to play with her clit, licking up and down her slit, and twirling her tongue around that sensitive little nub of flesh. Predictably, since she had been kept in a state of high arousal for hours and denied any semblence of release, Annette was soon having a very hard time holding off her orgasm, moaning and gasping, especially when she looked over at me, and saw me watching, not her wanton display, but Becky's cute little plugged ass.





Idly, I wondered to myself if Annette was going to remember that she was restricted from orgams.

I guess not, I answered myself about thirty seconds later, as Annette had a shattering orgasm. As soon as Annette's shudders receded, Becky turned and looked at me, a wicked light glowing in her eyes. She knew, even if Annette hadn't remembered, that they were restricted. In my head I smiled at the cunning way Becky had tried to regain Alpha status even as my face stayed blank. This was going to be fun.













Chapter 3



I sat and considered my two girls. Becky was still looking at me, waiting for my reaction, and Annette was still coming down from her orgasm....it had been a big one, and no wonder, I'd been teasing her for several hours and getting her to the edge, and keeping her there, for just this reason. The more I thought about it, the angrier I was at Becky for her powerplay.. that was the problem with bratty alpha subs....introduce another partner and they just had to 'put them in their place'. I'd have to punish them both, and make it very clear to both of them what their respective places were, to stop future repeats of this.



I stood and walked over to the two. Annette had finished coming down, and had clearly remembered her orgasm restriction, as she looked at me with heart meltingly desperate eyes, peeking through the leg holes of the panties still covering most of her face. Becky licked her lips, a smug little smile on her lips, as she slid herself out from underneath Annette.

"P..Please, Sir...." Annette stammered out "This c..cunt is so..oo very sorry for c...c...cumming without your permission. P...plese punish her".

As she finished the sentence, she dropped her eyes, pushing her chest out and spreading her legs. I reached down, and tore the panties of her head, ripping the fabric as I did so.

Coldly, I looked down at Becky, and said,

"Open"

Suprise shot across her face, followed by anger, then, dismay. She hesitated for perhaps one tenth of a second, before her mouth dropped open, and her eyes found mine.

I kept my voice even as I intoned, "Not your mouth, slave".





Smoothly, Becky snapped her mouth shut, and spread her legs wide, then reached down with the fingers of one hand and spread her cunt lips, opening herself up to my, and Annette's, inspection.

Without hesitation, I stuffed Annette's piss stained panties into her wet hole, then snapped 'release' at her. She let go of her lips, and looked up at me again, her face a lot more uncertain than it had been 2 minutes ago.

"Position 3", I said, still keeping my face and voice impassive.

She rolled herself around in that uniquely boneless way she had, and put herself on her knees, legs spread to show her stuffed cunt. She then bent 90 degrees at the waist, her hands meeting on the back of her neck and her face hovering over the floor, her pert, erect nipples just brushing the floor.





I looked over at Annette. 

"Were you given permission to orgasm, toy", I asked, my voice not betraying one iota of emotion.

"No, S..sir", she answered.

"Then why did you?" I asked, my tone light, conversational, as if I was merely curious about her answer.

"This cunt has no excuse, sir."

Her answer gave me a moment's pause. Most girls in her position would have at least mentioned Becky's intervention, or tried to blame her for it. Annette's willingness to take the blame could be a way of finding common ground with Becky. I decided to see how it played out.

"Very well then. Both of you crawl to the bedroom for punishment".

At this, Becky spoke up.

"Master? what did I do?"

I whirled on her, while Annette took the chance to start crawling to the bedroom.

"Were you ordered to make her orgasm?" I asked, heat touching my voice slightly.

"N...no Master", she answered, less sure of herself now.

"Did you stop to think that you might be ruining plans I had by forcing her to one", I asked.

"N...no, Master, this slave is sorry, Master, she didn't think."

Becky's words tumbled out, as she realised just how badly she'd stuffed up.

"Shut up, slave and get into the bedroom for your punishment", I said, my voice back to it's emotionless, empty quality.

I watched Annette's purple plugged ass disappear into the master bedroom and Becky's black plugged one start up the hallway,as I considered a fair punishment for both of their transgressions.





I walked into the bedroom to find them both in position 3. I smiled to myself, careful to let none of it show.





I gathered up a handful of Annette's long dark hair and pulled her upright on her knees, then pushing my fist forward, I 'walked' her over to the end of the bed, then lifted her to her feet, and bent her over the bed, burying her face in the thick duvet, as I kicked her legs open. She gasped, as I did that, but otherwise held completely still.

"Pull your asscheeks apart, toy", I growled...my voice hot and hard, now, the emotionless ice of before gone.

Slowly, her hands crept around and grasped the round globes of her ass, parting them, so the purple plug embedded there seemed to rise up towards me slightly.

I slowly eased the plug out of her ass. She'd been wearing it for hours now, her ass had expanded to fit it, so it wasn't terribly hard to remove.

Casually, I threw the plug over my shoulder, then took a handful of Annette's hair and pulled her back down to her knee's. Pulling back on her hair, sharply, I brought her head up, watching as her tits wobbled with the sudden movement.

I pointed over to the wall, where the large collection of dildo's, vibes, butt plugs, and other fun toys were hanging.

"Crawl over there, and select your replacement plug, toy. You may not carry it in your hands. Return to this position when you have it" As I said the last, I pushed her head down ot the floor, to show her the position I wanted her to assume. Then I turned to Becky, still in her position, as I heard Annette scampering behind me. "Up, slave" I said, my voice back to cold and emotionless. I saw her quiver, before she quickly knelt up, breasts out, as I'd taught her.





"Crawl to the bed, remove the covers", I ordered, and she scrambled to obey, hurridly crawling over, and desperately ripping the covers from the bed, leaving them in a pile beside the bed. I smiled as I saw the haphazard mess she left. It was my 'asshole' smile, a smile that meant something she'd done, unthinkingly, would make her life a lot harder in a short while.

She looked up at me, her big blue eyes beseeching for some hint she wasn't in big trouble, as I looked back, my own eyes agate hard, without a hint of mercy.

"P..please, Master", she stuttered, "Can your slave please get into the bed?"

I slowly, never breaking eye contact, nodded my head. She scrambled into the bed, as Annette returned to the foot, a plug in her mouth. Immediately, I walked to the foot of the bed, and stood over Annette, even that simple action making her breath catch and quicken, as she knelt at my feet, the plug clutched in her mouth.

"Offer me the plug, toy", I say, my voice a gentle caress. Becky moans, as she hears me address Annette this way, and I can see the confusion ripple through Annette as well. I can almost see the wheels turning in her head. 

Am I the alpha slave now? 

what did Becky do so wrong?

Finally, I could see her decide, I don't WANT to be the alpha. 

All of this passed in about a tenth of a second, as she swiftly dropped the toy into her hands, and then lifted it me, holding it higher than her bowed head, eyes on the floor.

"Here is the toy you wanted, Sir."

"Assume the position", I said, my voice still warm, silky. 

She went back ot her feet, and bent over the bed, there was just one problem....Becky was in the bed, upside down, and right where Annette had been kneeling. Once her feet were in place, she was not allowed to move them, and so she had no choice but to bend till her face touched Becky's. Becky wiggled a little, and they ended up lip to lip, as Annette reached back and pulled her ass open. 



I issued a command, my voice hard. "Kiss her".

Neither of them knew if I was talking to them, or to the other, or both, so they both started passionately french kissing the other one. I looked at the plug Annette had chosed, as they did. It was purple, as were all her toys, and it was about three sizes bigger than the one she'd been wearing. She wasn't ready for this toy yet...so it was a good thing she wasn't going to be wearing it. I picked up the toy I'd always been going to use on her, a remote control vibrating plug, and started to push it into her ass.





I heard her gasp, and then start kissing Becky even more passionately, as Becky moaned and writhed on the bed, helpless under Annette's renewed passionate assult.

Finally, I felt the plug slip into place, the flared part sliding past her sphincter to sit solidly inside her, and I stepped back, reaching for the next toy, a large purple dildo, and starting to push it into her wet, open cunt, filling it. She moaned in pleasure, as it filled her, and Becky took the opportunity to seize the inititive, grabbing her head and pulling it down to her mouth, as she deeply kissed Annette.





I picked up Annette's next toy, a clit vibe, and nestled it in, then put the chastity belt on her, holding all her toys in nicely. After I clicked the lock shut on the clasp, I took hold of Annette's hair again, and drew her backwards, down to her knee's, breaking her kiss with Becky to the accompaniment of a disappointed groan from both of them.

Annette sank gracefully to her knee's, her head bowed, deep in a world of submission, lust and humiliation, as I swiftly attached cuffs to her wrists,and attached them to the bed ends, so her arms were stretched out along the bed end, her big, bouncy tits resting on the metal bar, as she knelt up, her weight centered on her front.

With an evil grin, I attached the alligator clip to her right nipple, wound it around the bar in the bed end, underneat the bar, so it pulled down, then clamped the other clip to her left nipple. Now she could kneel up, and it would pull on her nipples, or rest down, and have the belt push the plugs deeper inside of her.





I put my hand on her head and pushed her into a kneeling 'down' position, her ass resting on her ankles, then gave her a terse

"Stay",

Before moving on to Becky.

To begin, I looked my slave in the eyes, and slowly ran my hands down her heated body, my fingers lightly brushing over her supple flesh, down from her silky throat, over the swelling bumps of her small, pert breasts, over the engorged nubs that were her nipples, down over the bumps of her ribcage, over the soft, fine flesh of her belly, and down to the smooth skin of her mound, before encountering the sticky wetness her stuffed cunt was producing. Easing a finger in, I extracted Annette's poor, abused panties, holding them up, the once white fabric now ripped, torn, and stained yellow with Annette's piss and all soaked to a gooey sodden mass from it's time in Becky's cunt.

I looked down at her and smiled.

"Open your mouth, slave".

Obediently, if slowly, Becky opened her mouth, and I stuffed the ruined g-string inside.

I took her ankles, buckled cuffs around them, and attached them to the top of the bed, so that Becky couldn't quite see Annette's eyes from where she lay. If Annette were to kneel up, they'd be eye to eye...but to do that would put pressure on Annette's nipple clamps, hurting her tits.

Finally, I attached Becky's wrists to the same attachement point Annette's were, so that she was in almost the classic spread eagle position.

Thumbing the remotes inside Annette to life brought a desperate gasp from her, where she knelt.

I walked over, took a handful of her hair, and twisted her head up, so she looked me in the eye.

"You want to cum so badly, toy, then cum. Cum as many times as you like, as long as you are looking Becky in the eye while you do it."

Her scared-rabbit wide eyes looked deep into mine as she breathed, "Yes, Master", her body already trembling.

As an added bonus, I attached clover clamps to Becky's sensitive nipples, and ran the chain through Annette's. When she knelt up, she'd lessen the pressure, relieving the bite. When she knelt down, to rest her own tits, she'd be hurting Becky's.

I moved onto the bed, looked down at my slave girl, and said "And you..you don't get to cum at all. Don't even ask, cuntlapper, because you are denied".





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  DragonFire.


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





