BDSM Library - The Spanking He Was Begging For




The Spanking He Was Begging For
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: His desire to be spanked and his trials to get what he wanted.






The Spanking he was begging for.

Ben was always telling his wife, Lori about how he wanted to be spanked long and hard. He wanted his bottom so sore that sitting would be hard to do and he wanted the last part of the spanking outdoors. Lori would occasionally give him a playful spanking but never a hard one.

Sometimes Ben would convince his Lori to spank his balls and she would pat them for a while. A few times Lori would squeeze them enough to make Ben squirm and almost make them hurt.

Ben would like to be tied up and spanked. Lori would tell him to tie himself up and then she would spank him. Ben would strip and secure himself hoping that Lori would secure his free hand so he would really be helpless but would say not this time give him a few swats and leave to go shopping.

One weekend things changed. Friday night Ben begged for a spanking and Lori half heartedly gave him a few swats and said that was enough. The next morning she made a few phone calls and around noon Ben started begging to be tied up and spanked. Lori said maybe latter right now I&#8217;m busy. 

Ben went shopping and decided that if he made it easy for Lori to tie him up maybe she would. He went to a department store and bought some cat collars that would tighten around his wrists and ankles, these were made of nylon and would be almost impossible to break. He also bought some leashes that could be looped around the bed legs and then attached to the collars and make for a very nice spread eagle position. By this time Ben was horny and he saw the dog chain, he bought two twenty-five foot lengths. 

Ben went to the hardware department and bought some rope and several padlocks. While walking past the hair department he saw a hair brush and could help but wonder how it would feel being spanked with it, so he bought it. By the time he finished shopping he had spent $150, and he couldn&#8217;t help but hope he didn&#8217;t make a big mistake. He could return the stuff if he had to.

When he got home Lori was a little moody and asked what he bought so he showed her. Lori was a little upset with how much he spent, she shook her head and asked do you really want your ass so sore you can&#8217;t sit? Ben answered yes. Lori thought and then said alright I&#8217;ll give you the spanking you&#8217;ve asked for and then We are going out to eat, alright? Ben hesitated with but it may be hard for me to sit? Lori said you want your bottom sore but if I get to decide when to stop punishing you, I&#8217;ll let you stay in the car and get take out, but if you tell me to stop we eat in a sit down restraint,&nbsp; is that a deal? Ben thought and said yes. Lori said go take a shower and I&#8217;ll get ready.

Lori walked in the bathroom and told Ben only put on what I laid out on the bed for you and then come to the living room and you only have three minutes, don&#8217;t be late. Ben quickly got out of the shower, toweled off, and found the four collars on the bed. He quickly attached the collars to his wrists and ankles and found it took more than three minutes. He ran to the living room and Lori responded with your late, I&#8217;ll have to deal with that latter. Right now I want you to bend over the back of that over stuffed chair. Ben bent over the back of the chair and Lori attached the leashes to the collars. The leashes were attached to the legs of the chair and Ben found himself with his feet on both sides of the chair and his wrists almost touching the front legs he was quite immobile and his ass was a very exposed target. 

Lori rubbed her hand across his ass and asked, you want just touching this to hurt, right? Ben hesitated and said yes. Lori said you asked for it and started the spanking. The first spanking implement was a wooden spoon and Ben&#8217;s ass was soon turning red and Ben was starting to make noise. Lori then switched to a wooden ruler and Ben was making more noise. Lori asked if he wanted to stop or if he wanted a gag. Ben said no to stopping but yes to the gag. So Lori shoved a dirty pair of her panties, crotch first into Ben&#8217;s mouth and tied them in place. The spanking continued with the ruler, then a spatula and finally the hair brush. 

Ben&#8217;s bottom was black and blue from the top of his crack to two inches down his legs and Lori&#8217;s finger lightly touching Ben&#8217;s bottom hurt. Lori removed the gag and asked Ben if he wanted to stop so they could go eat? Ben remembered that if he said stop he would have to sit through the meal and said only when you are done with the spanking. Lori said it&#8217;s your bottom, wait there while I get your next phase ready. Ben thought I like I&#8217;m going somewhere while tied over this chair.

Lori came back about 15 minutes later and asked are you enjoying your spanking? Ben said yes. Are you going to want another one on another day? Ben replied maybe. Lori replied with I&#8217;ll have to make sure you make up your mind today and started releasing his hands. Finish releasing yourself and then but on those panties you had in your mouth and then put on your sweats and shoes we&#8217;re going for a ride. Ben released himself and found the wet panties and put them on, then his sweats. He found his bottom very sore and was worried about the car ride, at least the car seat was padded. Ben got in the car and asked where they were going for food, Lori replied I haven&#8217;t decided yet, first we&#8217;re going for a ride.

Ben was finding sitting very uncomfortable and was concerned with where they were going. Lori drove to a hiking area and pulled in and stopped. Time for a walk, she said and got out. Ben followed but was hurting. Lori put on a backpack and said lets go as she locked the car. Ben figured Lori had food in the backpack&nbsp; and after a short walk they would eat. They walked around the bend and Lori told Ben to remove his sweats. Ben hesitated and Lori asked, do you want to stop? And off came the sweats. Lori told him to throw them in the bushes and that he could get them latter and started to walk again only this time Ben was wearing only Lori&#8217;s panties.

They walked to the picnic area and Ben was getting cold since it was only in the fifties. Lori told Ben to remove his shoes and lay on the picnic table, face up with his legs off the end of the table. This position was hard on Ben&#8217;s sore bottom, but he did it. Lori dug in the backpack and brought chain and padlocks and locked Ben&#8217;s arms to the other end of the table. Lori laughed as she removed the panties Ben was wearing and shoved them back in his mouth and tied them in place. Lori then said now it&#8217;s time for your favorite position as she raised his legs above his head and spread them and locked them in place. Ben had put himself in this spread diaper position many times hoping Lori would finish securing him so he would truly be helpless, in the past Lori would half heartedly secured his loose hand but this time she spread his legs extra wide and made his position extra tight, he was truly helpless. Lori grinned and then blindfolded him. She ran her hands over Ben&#8217;s ass and fondle his balls and said these are really going to be sore when I&#8217;m done and inserted earplugs in his ears and then wrapped his head in elastic bandages ensuring his loss of senses.

She set up the video camera and then went a cut some switches. Ben had lost all sense of time and was surprised when Lori started spanking with his belt, across his ass and finally his balls. All Ben could do was to try and remain still since his only motion was to raise his ass up which thrust his balls out exposing them even more. Lori then picked up a switch and started on his ass then moved and started spanking his anus and the sides of his crack. Lori didn&#8217;t forget Ben&#8217;s cock and balls. 

Lori decided it was time to restore Ben&#8217;s senses even removing the gag. Lori was pleased to see tears in Ben&#8217;s eyes. Lori asked if he was getting hungry and he said yes. Do you want me to stop spanking he said no. Lori looked at how Ben was secured to the tabled and noticed that his ass was a good six inches beyond the end of the table. Lori takes Ben&#8217;s belt and used it secure Ben&#8217;s upper arms to the table. Ben asked what that was for? Lori answered, I don&#8217;t want you sliding off the table, I&#8217;m not done spanking that bottom of yours. Time to replace that gag, blindfold and earplugs.

Lori walked back to the car and opened the trunk and smiled Ben and his must have emergency tools, there was his block and tackle that he claimed would enable even Lori to pull the car out of a ditch. Lori grabbed the block and tackle and the other bag of toys she brought and headed back to Ben. Lori being athletic climbed the tree and attached&nbsp; the block and tackle. Lori returned to the ground and then attached the lower end of the block and tackle to the table legs where Ben&#8217;s arms are also attached. Lori pulls on the rope and starts to drag the table under the tree.

Ben is really wondering what Lori is up to and wondering when she is going to stop. This spanking is more than he ever hoped for and he would have asked to stop but there is no way he is going to be able to sit with how sore his bottom is. And then Lori started spanking with the switch again. This time she concentrated the spanking on his very bottom ensuring sitting would not be possible probably for a week. And then just when he couldn&#8217;t imagine it getting any worse Lori starts in spanking his anus and crack. 

Lori stops spanking and starts pulling the rope slowly raising one end of the table up. Ben suddenly realizes that Lori is going to make him sit on his ass and he isn&#8217;t going to be able to prevent it. Lori stops raising the table just as it tips forward and as it swings Ben&#8217;s ass barely touches the ground. Lori stops the swinging and raises the table about a foot. Lori removes an earplug and explains what is going to happen. First you&#8217;re going to be sitting for a while and you&#8217;re going to be sitting on gravel, won&#8217;t that feel good, and while you&#8217;re sitting there Lori laughs. I&#8217;m going to leave and get some food for us while you are resting, are you wondering why I&#8217;m doing what I&#8217;m doing. Ben nods yes. I got news that credit for that big project we completed went to that bitch. And when I asked why, I was told that I never went all the way, I always stopped just when it started to get going. I was told I needed to start something and not stop until told to. Then that bitch said she would go after everything until I had nothing left. While I&#8217;ve tired of spanking you, for now, I&#8217;m now punishing you for being late. I&#8217;m not giving you a choice because always said you wanted me to decide when to stop. Now it&#8217;s time for your toy and then your sitting lesson. Lori then moved some very sharp gravel into nice foot round area.

Lori replaced the earplug and opened the jar. First she put on the rubber gloves and worked her dry finger into Ben&#8217;s anus. Ben was in pain, now he knew&nbsp; the toy Lori was talking about, his butt plug, but which one small or large? Lori dipped her finger into the jar and then the plug. She then inserted her lubed finger up his ass and then inserted the plug and lowered the table forcing the plug up his ass and then he realized that Lori was using the blue magic analgesic. Lori wasn&#8217;t done as she got out a cotton swab dipped in blue magic and inserted it into urethra a full three inches, and then removed it. She the dipped in again and then coated the head of his penis. As Ben started to squirm Lori lowered the table a couple more inches. Ben was now sitting there supporting his full body weight and that of the table and chains. Ben was trying to beg Lori to stop. Lori removed the gloves and then an earplug and said this is punishment no stopping now and put the plug back in.

Lori called an order in for pizza and met the driver halfway so it only took about 30 minutes. Ben on the other hand thought it was hours. Lori returned with the pizza and set it down on the other table. She removed the gag, blindfold and earplugs. Ben immediately begged for the spanking to stop. Lori laughed and said that was done a while ago, the question is do want me to spank you again on another day? Ben answered when? Lori answered well when you want one or when I want to spank you, of course not until your bottom is ready. Ben answered yes, thank you and I love you. 

Lori said I guess it&#8217;s time to get you loose. Ben said wait only release my arms. Why? Lori asked. Ben replied I have to sit through dinner since I asked you to stop and this is the only way I can do it. Lori replied but I already stopped and don&#8217;t you want that plug removed? Ben answered I didn&#8217;t know you stopped and no the plug is fine now that the blue magic and calmed down.

After they ate Lori untied Ben and told him to leave the plug in and put the panties on. Ben complied and then helped pick up all the toys. Ben put his sweats on and then gently go in the car. The drive home was trying and once they got home they carried the toys in. Lori suggested showers, Ben first. Ben suggested they sleep in separate beds since he was going to have trouble getting comfortable, Lori agreed and said she would check on him before she went to bed.

Lori entered the spare bedroom and was surprised to see Ben laying on the bed with his legs above his head spread wide with one ankle hooked to the foot of the bed and other to the head. Lori ask like this? Ben replied first hook my wrists. Lori complied as Ben explained that she did an excellent job on giving him the spanking he always wanted and that this is the only position that feels somewhat comfortable. Lori leaned down and kissed Ben and asked if there was anything else he wanted before she went to bed. Ben replied with sit on my face so I can take care of your needs. Ben licked and sucked Lori to a climax. As Lori got off Ben&#8217;s face she chuckled and asked anything else? Earplugs, blindfold and 20 to 30 spanks. Lori replied as she dealt with the blindfold and earplugs, ass or balls medium or hard? Ben replied both and hard. And please wake me with a real hard spanking in the morning. Lori gave Ben 30 hard swats on the ass and then another 30 on the balls. Lori left the room only to return with a very dirty pair of panties which she used to gag Ben. She then removed an earplug long enough to say you&#8217;ll need that in the morning to keep quite, and she went to bed. Ben was rock hard as was dreaming about his perfect day and could hardly wait for morning.

Lori had trouble sleeping until she looked in on Ben and saw that he was rock hard and realized he was fantasying. She got a devilish smile on her face and went and started giving Ben a hand job, then remove his gag and sat on his face, as Ben ate her out, she worked his cock with her wet panties over his cock. After they both come, Lori gags Ben with the now come soaked panties and returns to bed. Lori fell to sleep with a smile on her face because she realized she did exactly what Ben wanted her to do, And now she could have him do she wanted him to do to her.









The Spanking He Was Begging For
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;PART 2 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;


Lori had some strange dreams that night and when she woke up she had a bunch of questions. She got up and took a shower and as she toweled herself off she remembered Ben. She put on a large T-shirt she liked for lounging in and put on her slippers, then off to check on Ben, she still had her hair wrapped in her towel.&nbsp; She quietly entered Ben&#8217;s room and found he was still sleeping and remembered that he wanted a spanking.&nbsp; She left the room to look for something different to spank him with. She went to the garage to look on the shelves and found a paint stir stick and grabbed it. It would be perfect since Ben should still be quite sore from yesterday this should work fine. 

As Lori entered the bedroom her towel started to come loose. She laid the paint stick down and removed the towel and as she was about to drop it to the floor she noticed how relaxed Ben&#8217;s balls were and the devil in her made her snap his balls with the wet towel. With a loud snap Ben immediately raised his ass and head and he was frantically trying to get free. Lori dropped the towel and picked up the paint stick and started spanking. After about 30 swats to his ass and balls Lori went to the other side of the bed, removed the gag and sat on Ben&#8217;s face. Ben was surprised but soon realized what Lori wanted and started licking and sucking Lori until she climaxed. While she remained on his face, Lori released Ben&#8217;s hands and she told him to wash up and make breakfast for them, but no clothes, just your collars. Lori left the room.

Ben released his ankles and slowly rolled over and carefully got to his feet. He found that being restrained in one position caused your muscles to get very stiff. He thought about asking for help but decided if he wanted Lori to continue indulging in his spanking fantasies he had better work the kinks out on his own. After taking 3 minutes to get to the bathroom and urinating standing up. He started the shower. After about 5 minutes basking in the hot water his muscles relaxed so he finished his shower and dried off. Ben got a mirror and surveyed the damage caused by his spanking and was quite pleased that there were only a half dozen dark bruises and another dozen or so lighter ones. Hopefully Lori won&#8217;t get too upset about them.

Ben put his collars on and headed to the kitchen to make breakfast. Lori would expect scrambled eggs, toast and a glass of juice, so that is what Ben made. Ben served breakfast to Lori in the computer room and then got his. He put his food on the desk and pulled the wood chair over and sat down, only for a second. His bottom was very sore and sitting wasn&#8217;t going to be easy. Lori almost broke down when she remembered that Ben wanted the spanking so after a moments thought she asked, Did I do a good job ? Ben looked at her, paused and then replied, Not too shabby for a beginner. Lori suggested he get a pillow to sit on and he did. Sitting on the pillow was tolerable and after they finish eating he got up and removed the dishes. Ben returned and asked Lori what they were going to do today? Lori replied I&#8217;m going to research some stuff on the computer while you clean the house, do a good job because I&#8217;m going to inspect your work. Ben started cleaning the computer room when without thinking wondered out loud what will I get for doing a good job? Lori replied for every room you do a good job, you get a rain check for a spanking of you choosing and for every room you fail, I get to choose, is that acceptable? Ben quickly answered yes, Lori grinned because she already figured of the 8 rooms Ben would earn 6 rain checks and she would get 2.

Lori was doing research on the internet for her job, but watching Ben cleaning in the nude changed her search. She started searching for spanking and why people liked it. She was intrigued with some online chat rooms that she was able to view without joining.&nbsp; Lori was surprised to find that there were many women who shared her original view on spanking. That people who wanted spankings were strange. But as she was following the discussion she realized that most of these women were finding it rewarding to indulge in their partners desires. After following the discussion for about 30 minutes Lori decided to join in. After registering she told a little of her previous night and of the cleaning going on right now. She continued in this chat room for 3 hours and only stopped when Ben interrupted. It seems he believed he was done cleaning and was ready for inspection.

Lori logged off and said lets see how bad you did. Lori was surprised Ben did a very good job on all the rooms but she was able to find things wrong in 4 of the rooms so Ben only earned 4 rain checks and she got the other 4. She told Ben to make lunch and she went out to the garage. She prepared the garage for Ben&#8217;s afternoon recreation&nbsp; and returned to her research. Ben showed up a short time latter with sandwiches and water. After eating Lori told Ben to clean up the dishes, go to the bathroom and then meet her in the garage. Lori went and retrieved a pair of her dirty underwear from the Landry and headed to the garage. Ben&#8217;s bag of toys from yesterday were already in the garage and Ben arrived a minute latter. 

Lori lead Ben to the location she wanted him in , facing the workbench about where the front wheels of the car would be. Lori had him spread his feet about 4 feet apart and she locked them in place using the chain and padlocks. Lori then locked Ben&#8217;s wrists together in front of him attaching them to the cable for the bike lift. Lori raised his arms above his head and surveyed his position.

Ben was concerned because his bottom was still tender and tomorrow was a work day. Lori chuckled a little and said don&#8217;t worry&nbsp; I&#8217;m just going to inspect you and ask a few questions. Lori reached down and fondled Ben&#8217;s balls and ask how they felt. Ben moaned a little and said that feels good, so Lori squeezed them hard. Ben yelled, Lori said answer my question, how do they feel? Ben thought a second and replied they feel fine now that your not squeezing them. Lori replied then just answer my questions.

Okay what did you enjoy most about your spanking yesterday? He replied, all of it but I liked the spanking on the picnic table best, this reply was hurried as Lori started to cup his balls. Lori&nbsp; asked can you narrow it down a little? It&#8217;s a toss up between the sensation of when you locked me&nbsp; in the diaper position and when you really spanked my ass and balls. Lori asked you&#8217;ve put yourself in that position many times before what was so different this time? Ben grinned, this time you locked me in place and there was no way for me to escape. Which did you like better, my spanking your balls or your ass? Ben replied I liked them both but I guess I enjoyed having my balls spanked just a little better.

Lori moved her hand to his bottom asked how does this feel? Ben replied it&#8217;s still tender but it should be alright for sitting by tonight. Okay what was the biggest disappointment? Ben paused a few seconds and the replied the size of the butt plug, I think the larger one would have been better. Did you like the blue magic? Ben purred yes, it made me squirm and sitting on the gravel while squirming sent sensations through my ass and body I could never have imagined.

Did you enjoy eating my pussy? Ben quickly replied I always love eating your pussy. Do you want to eat it now? Ben said Yes! Lori said Okay but only on one condition, that you will always agree to have sex when and how I want it, Do you agree? Ben replied yes. Okay lets get you on the floor. Lori started lowering Ben&#8217;s arms and the pushed him backwards. She continued lowering him to the with his legs spread wide in a sitting position. She unhooked the cable and told him to lie down and stretch his arms above his head. Lori removed her pants and panties and then grabbed the dirty panties she had brought and shoved them in Ben&#8217;s mouth. 

Ben looked puzzled and Lori replied those need some moisture for a little latter and besides I want your cock in me first. Lori lower herself onto Ben&#8217;s cock and started working it. Ben was in some pain because every time Lori took him in all the way his still tender ass was mashed into concrete floor. Ben climaxed after only 3 minutes so Lori removed the panties from Ben&#8217;s mouth and got up. She turned around and sat on Ben&#8217;s mouth and said start eating, Ben did. Lori took the damp panties and finished milking Ben&#8217;s cock and then started hand spanking his balls increasing the strength of her blows with every swat. She was surprised when Ben started getting hard again and stopped the spanking when she climaxed. Lori told Ben don&#8217;t stop now, I want you to make me come again. Ben continued and Lori wrapped the panties around his cock and started pumping, they both came at the same time. Lori cleaned Ben&#8217;s cock with the panties and then got up.

Lori helped Ben sit up and then attached the cable to his wrists and started the winch. Lori soon had Ben standing on his feet. How did you enjoy that? Ben replied great, it was hard on my ass and I loved the spanking. I&#8217;m going to let you rest for awhile out here in the garage while I continue my research. Any questions? Are you going to let me down? No, in fact I&#8217;m going to add a few things just to give you something to think about. With that Ben was gagged with the dirty panties and she tied them in place. Lori then tied a cord around the head of his limp cock, tight enough that it wouldn&#8217;t slip off. Lori measure and cut the cord and tied a loop in the end and let it drop and then grabbed Ben&#8217;s balls. Lori tied the cord around Ben&#8217;s balls, measured and cut the cord and again tying a loop in the end. Ben was puzzled until Lori picked up the bungee cord and his eyes widen. Lori hooked one end to the bench and the other to the cock cord. This caused Ben to thrust his hips out to lesson the tension. Then he saw the second bungee, and this time it was hooked to the floor drain behind him and then to his balls cord pulling his balls back between his legs. 

Lori got dressed and was starting to leave and said oops I forgot some thing. She grabbed the winch controller and raised Ben until he was standing on his tiptoes. Then she put on the rubber gloves and opened the blue magic. Ben started shaking as&nbsp; Lori applied the magic to his cock and balls and then worked her finger up his anus. Lori removed the gloves and opened the garage door . She then blindfolded Ben and inserted ear plugs and left him.

Ben couldn&#8217;t believe that Lori had done this to him. But after some thinking he remembered that he had asked her to do most of this to him last winter. He had asked her to come to the garage after giving him 15 minutes to get ready. He had stripped and tied himself in this standing spread eagle position, he even had his cock and balls tied and when Lori came out to the garage she asked what he wanted her to do. I asked her to attach the bungee cords to my cock and balls cords and she did. Then I asked to be raised so I would be on my tiptoes. Lori asked anything else? Open the garage door and leave me that way for an hour, then come back out and spank me , and finally release me. Lori raised my arms a little, opened the door and left saying she wasn&#8217;t coming back out here to spank me, you can spank yourself. It took almost an hour to get free and since it was only 40 degrees outside I was quite chilled.

Lori returned to the computer and her chat room, there were new people there including a husband answering questions as to why he liked having his wife spank him. Lori was surprised to find that Ben wasn&#8217;t that strange in his desires. Lori asked about this man&#8217;s favorite desire not fulfilled. He told about his desire to have all his hair below the top of his head removed in a beauty parlor by a female beautician that he didn&#8217;t know. The humiliation of being naked in front of someone he didn&#8217;t know and having his hair removed via waxing was a real turn on. He always though a person without body always looked younger and wanted his wife to spank him at a moments notice by baring him from the waist down and spanking him. Just like mothers did to their bad sons, like my mother did to me on 2 occasions. Lori asked so you want to be treated like a little boy? No I just want to be spanked and if my wife would enjoy spanking my hairless body, I would remain hairless. Lori asked, how should your wife be dressed? Any time a woman spanks somebody she should be dressed in something that is comfortable and not restrictive. When a woman spanks a naked man she should wear a dress, or skirt, because it makes her more feminine and therefore it is more humiliating for the man. A dress also makes the woman&#8217;s panties available for use as a gag. 

Lori read for a little longer and then checked out some adult toy stores. She saw things she never knew existed and some that looked quite pleasant. She always returned to the chat room, one time they were talking about bondage positions and latter spanking positions. Lori started getting really horny when another husband joined the chat room and started discussing forced oral sex. She was surprised when one woman said she enjoyed having her anus tongued. The husband said he had done that once but his wife didn&#8217;t think it was right. Finally Lori asked how many men were interested in oral anal sex. Was she surprised when over 20 men replied positively and another 10 were interested to trying. She thought this site was for women not for men?, one of the men replied, we are allowed to answer questions and not allowed to start discussions. Lori looked at the clock and realized it was time for bed.

Lori shut down the computer and prepared for bed. She went to the bedroom expecting to find Ben already there and the remembered where she left him. She turned the light on in the garage and saw Ben was still straining to stand on his tiptoes. He was covered in sweat and shivering. She walked over to him and snapped the bungee sending tremors through his cock and his balls. She removed the ear plugs, blindfold and then the gag. Ben asked if she was going to close the door? Lori replied are you feeling a little exposed? Ben replied I was thinking you were a little exposed in your night gown. I think to neighbors might enjoy the show. Did you enjoy your afternoon out here in the garage? Ben replied yes are you going to spank me? I hadn&#8217;t planned on it but since you asked I will. Lori grabbed a paint stick and started spanking Ben&#8217;s ass and then his balls. She kept spanking getting progressively harder until Ben asked to be gagged. She stopped spanking and started to release him everything except his cock and ball cords. Let&#8217;s see you remove those. Ben had to increase the strain on his balls to release the bungee on his cock and then he could release his balls. Lori said 15 minutes to bedtime don&#8217;t be late and left. Ben left the cords attached to his cock and balls and headed to the bathroom closing the garage door as he left.

He sat on the stool as he worked the knot loose on his cock and then was able to relieve himself. He then remove his balls cord and took a quick shower, brushed his teeth and off the bed just in time. Lori grinned and said eat me and Ben did. Lori handed Ben the wash cloth she had on her nightstand so he could clean his face and then cuddled with him. She asked him if he enjoyed his weekend and he said yes and the he asked her if she enjoyed her weekend? Lori replied let&#8217;s say I was enlighten, and that I didn&#8217;t dislike it. Ben kissed Lori and they soon feel asleep.

On Wednesday Ben said he wanted to use one of his rain checks this weekend. Lori was surprised but asked what kind of spanking do you want. Ben replied a repeat of last weekend only longer starting on Friday and having me sitting all night on the gravel. Lori joked and Saturday night in the garage. Ben replied yes but facing the door this time.

Lori called her hairdresser and made an appointment for Friday and asked a few questions. She went shopping after work and bought a new outfit and under clothes. Lori stopped at an adult store and purchased a few items she had read about online, now she waited for Friday. Friday morning Lori told Ben she wanted him bent over the chair when she got home since he was done at noon. Ben said he&#8217;d have his collars in place. Sure enough, when Lori arrived home there was Ben in position Lori finished hooking him up and then went to change. Ben was surprised when Lori walked out in a dress that looked like one your mother would wear. Lori said we have to make this part quick since I have a hair appointment to keep, don&#8217;t worry it&#8217;s on the way to the picnic tables. With that Lori shoved the panties she had worn that day into Ben&#8217;s mouth and started spanking. After 20 minutes Ben&#8217;s ass was red and Lori released him. He looked disappointed, but Lori assured him that she would make it up later. Ben removed the panties from his mouth and was surprised to find they pink lacey ones. Lori said yes they&#8217;re new, hurry and put them on and your sweats we can&#8217;t be late for our appointment. 

Ben&#8217;s mind was missing something but all he was thinking about was his warm bottom and how sore it was going to get. They got to the beauty parlor and Ben said he would wait in the car, Lori said no you need to come in. Ben did and was puzzled when he noticed that the shop was deserted. Lori told him she had the last appointment of the day and you get to watch. Ben thought how boring and then the beautician lead them to the back and Lori removed her panties and got on the chair and put her feet up in the stirrups. Ben was getting very aroused seeing Lori sitting there with her bush so exposed.&nbsp; Ben watched as Lori had her bush trimmed and waxed. Ben was shocked when Lori said your turn, Strip. 

Ben hesitated and Lori said strip or we go home and no spanking. Ben turned red as he removed his sweats and then the pink panties. The beautician had Ben get on the chair and put his feet in the stirrups, Lori locked Ben in place. Ben was totally exposed to this strange woman as she quickly started the waxing process. She started on the back of his legs, Ben screamed as the first strip was removed. The beautician said he needs to be quiet, Lori picked up the pink panties and started to put them in Ben&#8217;s mouth, the beautician said wait I&#8217;ve got something better and left the room and returned a minute latter with a pair of panties and shoved them in Ben&#8217;s mouth. Lori secured them in place as Ben turned, he was embarrassed to have this strange women&#8217;s panties in his mouth, He noticed that they tasted different than Lori&#8217;s. Ben snapped back to reality as the next strip was removed. Ben couldn&#8217;t believe how much it hurt having your hair pulled out and then the hair around&nbsp; his anus was removed.&nbsp; When done Ben&#8217;s groin and bottom were completely hairless and in pain. The beautician commented on the pink marks from the earlier spanking and thought they needed darkening, Lori assured that she was going to do just that latter and asked if she wanted to watch. They left the room and Ben didn&#8217;t here anymore and just laid there exposed and embarrassed. 

A few minutes later Lori and the beautician returned as Lori released Ben the beautician commented that he should look good with stripes. Lori told a very embarrassed Ben to get dressed and they left.&nbsp; Once back in the car they went straight to the trail and got out. Lori told Ben to remove his sweats and leave them in the car. Ben was quite humiliated standing there in only pink lace panties and hoping no one would drive by. Lori took her time and finally gave Ben a backpack and they started walking to the picnic tables. Once they got to the tables Lori told Ben to remove the panties and then had him climb the tree to attach the block and tackle. Ben climbed down from the tree and found it very rough on his balls. Lori asked liked being bald. Ben only said it was interesting, I never thought about asking to have my hair removed. Lori said on the table. Ben was soon on the table and was surprised when Lori used her weight to tighten his legs exposed his bottom even more than before. Lori then gagged, blindfolded and inserted earplugs rendering Ben was now totally at Lori&#8217;s mercy and was hoping she wouldn&#8217;t show much. That&#8217;s when Lori started in with a switch. Ben was hurting and thought Lori had been spanking him for hours, in reality Lori had only been spanking him for 30 minutes. Lori removed one of the earplugs so she could tell Ben what she was up to. Lori fondled Ben&#8217;s balls and said these need to be secured so they stay in place. Lori wrapped a cord around his balls and tied it off, then she started wrapping one ball and then the other. When she was done Ben&#8217;s balls were separated a good inch and going nowhere. Now those will be fun to spank, she said as she inserted the earplug. 

Ben was stunned by the pain when Lori hit one and then the other ball. She spanked his balls for a good 15 minutes before starting on his anus. Lori then hooked up the block and tackle and raised Ben like before. Then Lori applied a special mixture of blue magic mixed with some very hot sauce. Ben was shocked by the burning sensation and knew this was something new. Lori then dipped the butt plug into the mixture and slowly worked the plug into place. Ben knew this was the larger plug, but what he didn&#8217;t know was that Lori had purchased&nbsp; an even&nbsp; larger plug. Ben couldn&#8217;t tell how large the plug was only that it wasn&#8217;t the small one. Lori put good coat of the mixture on Ben&#8217;s ass and then lowered Ben to the ground. Ben&#8217;s head was spinning as he never imagined that Lori would spank him that hard and was puzzled as Lori was putting something around his waist. This plug came with a strap to lock it in place, now Ben would have to wear the plug until Lori unlocked it. After Ben had been sitting there for about 40 minutes when Lori&nbsp; untied the cord on his balls and pulled. Ben&#8217;s balls started bouncing around as the cord was pulled. Ben now was really in pain as the blood started to flow into his balls. While they didn&#8217;t have the flow completely cut off, the flow had been slowed, his balls were now throbbing.

Lori walked back to the car&nbsp; and got her sleeping bag and cot. While Ben was going to spend the night sitting there thinking she went home, she had other plans. She made a few trips getting all the stuff she wanted and got it set up, if looked as if she was planning for company. Lori brought some tripod light s and had them shining on Ben and was making her last trip when a car pulled up. The beautician had arrived wearing a dress and gave Lori a hug. They walked back to Ben and the beautician liked the view.
The women ate a light meal, while watching Ben wiggle trying to get comfortable. Ben had been sitting there almost 3 hours when the women got up.

Ben didn&#8217;t understand what was happening as first his legs were released, lower and then reoccurred spread wide on the ground. Then he felt being released from the table and then moved away. He was lowered to the ground and then his arms were secured above his head. There he was tied spread eagle on the ground and wondering who and how many people were there. He was hoping it was Lori but he thought she left hours ago. About this time the beautician started washing Ben&#8217;s cock and balls, rinsed them off and dried them. She then put a condom on Ben&#8217;s cock and straddled him and started working his cock. Ben was enjoying this chain of events even though his ass was suffering from being bounced on the gravel. When Ben came the beautician got up and turned around, removed his gag and sat down, Ben started eating. Ben knew that this wasn&#8217;t Lori. This woman was bald and tasted different and his balls were being spanked. This strange woman came 3 times before she got up and gagged him with a different pair of panties that tasted strange. Little did Ben know but the condom was removed from his cock and his come was added to this strange woman&#8217;s panties. Lori and the beautician went to the cars and the beautician thanked Lori for the tip, and they laughed. They discussed when Ben would be in to have the rest of his hair removed. The beautician said this time she would use the normal size strips instead of the doubled sized ones. Lori bid her goodbye and returned to get some sleep.

Morning arrived and Lori got up and cleaned herself and ate. She watched Ben Laying there sleeping but not laying still. He seemed to be trying to find a comfortable position but the gravel betrayed him. Lori carried all her extra stuff to the car, she wanted Ben to think she left him all alone for the night. Lori started the car and let it warm up to add to the hoax. Lori grab a bag containing so special items and then took a couple of bottles of cool water out of the cooler and then went to wake Ben. Lori sprayed some of the water on Ben to wake him and then removed the earplugs. She immediately went into a tirade about him cheating on her with another women. As she removed the gag Ben tried to explain what he knew, but Lori told him to shut up since the proof was all around and she removed the blind fold. The first thing he saw were the flowered panties Lori was holding. These are a young teenagers panties, so your have younger lover, Ben saw Lori&#8217;s look and kept quite. Lori then picked up the condom and said your going to pay for this and shoved the panties back in his mouth. 

Lori released Ben&#8217;s arms and tied them to the rope and raised him to a standing position. She slid the table over next to him and released his arms and had him bend over the table and tied his arms to it. Lori released Ben&#8217;s left ankle and tied the rope around it and started pulling. When Ben released what Lori was doing his legs were spread and getting wider. Lori started checking Ben&#8217;s tendons and when she thought they were as tight as they could safely be she stop and tied it off. Ben was spread eagle with one foot tied to the ground and the other up in the air. Lori fondled Ben&#8217;s balls and wrapped a cord around them and tied them off. Don&#8217;t worry, I don&#8217;t plan to spank them right now, I just need them out of the way. Lori picked up a switch and started spanking Ben&#8217;s crotch area and the insides of his legs. Ben couldn&#8217;t believe how much spanking his tight tendons hurt. Lori kept spanking for 30 minutes before she ended with 20 swats to his balls. 

Lori let Ben down and released him. She told him to get on his knees and put his face on the ground. Lori removed the cord from Ben&#8217;s balls and immediately attached a new toy to them and locked it on. Lori removed the gag and asked Ben if he knew what a humbler was? Ben replied he had seen pictures of them. Lori laughed well now you will know how it feels to wear one, since I just locked one on you. Ben reached back and felt the humbler as Lori said time for breakfast and&nbsp; place two dog dishes on the ground about 5 feet away. One contained oatmeal and the other water, Lori said you have until I get back from the car to eat all your breakfast and since I don&#8217;t want you to hurt your hands let me put these gloves on you. Lori put a pair of gloves on Ben that looked like a dog&#8217;s paw and locked them on. Ben released that his hands could only be used for crawling and that he would have to eat like a dog. Lori laughed and said get started if your not done when I&#8217;m ready to go I&#8217;ll leave you here just as you are and return tomorrow. Ben started crawling over to the food but he moved too fast and the humbler stopped him as he thought his balls were being pulled off. Lori laughed and said be careful I want to spank them latter and started carrying things to the car.

Lori took her time and enjoyed watching Ben eat like a dog. She had given him a very large serving oatmeal and had included some laxative with his meal. She figure Ben would be needing a bathroom in about 2 hours. It took Ben a half hour to eat all his food and Lori easily had all the toys in the car by then. She picked up the dog dishes and told Ben to get to the car and watched as Ben slowly crawled away. Lori quickly gathered to cameras and put them in a bag and followed Ben. Lori caught up with him as he was in full view of the car and he was embarrassed because he could hear a car coming. Lori laughed and said wait a second and removed the humbler and his paws. Go ahead your clothes are on the front seat and Ben ran to the car and got his sweats on just in time. Lori put her bag in the trunk and said hi to the people that had just arrived she had seen them before but couldn&#8217;t remember where. Let&#8217;s go home, okay. Ben got in the car and gently sat down on the pillow Lori had put on the seat as Lori got behind the wheel and drove off. She turned to Ben and smiled saying that was a close one and Ben nodded. 

When they got home Lori told Ben to wash up and Ben asked about the butt plug. Lori told him you have to earn your release from that. Ben was starting to believe he had created a monster but he was enjoying every second of it.









The Spanking He Was Begging For
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;PART 3


Ben enjoyed the shower and was surprised how interesting if felt to be hairless. He couldn&#8217;t remember telling Lori he had thought about removing his hair but he had asked her to trim her bush several times. Just then he heard Lori yell. He hurried to find her standing next to the back door hold a wooden spoon and wearing a dress. Outdoors she said Ben walked outside and Lori followed. They were about 30 feet from the house when Lori told him to lay on back, cross your arms under your back and spread your legs. Ben did as told and was surprised when Lori stood over his head and he looked up and saw she didn&#8217;t have any panties on. Lori lower herself down on Ben&#8217;s face and Ben started eating with all his heart, he was in heaven. Ben had brought Lori to 3 climaxes when Lori shifted&nbsp; and placed her anus over his mouth, Ben stopped. Lori hit Ben&#8217;s balls with the spoon and said I&#8217;m spanking until I come, Ben stared working tongue into Lori anus with a purpose and Lori spanked away. Ben thought it took hours but after about 15 minutes Lori came with a shudder. What she had read was true, that was great. Ben was glad the spanking stopped. Lori got up and told him he had 30 minutes to finish cleaning up and she went to the house. Ben got up carefully avoiding adding any pressure to his balls. As he walked to the house he thought about eating her ass and hoped he would get to do it again.

Lori was on the intermit looking for more ideas. She came across a site on golden showers and wondered if that was something Ben wanted done to him. She checked the time and realized that she needed to get Ben&#8217;s next trial ready. She went and retrieved the humbler&nbsp; and his belt. She went outside and in the area that could be seen from the street hung the keys for the humbler and the butt plug about 4 and a half feet from the ground with a bright yellow key fob. She went back in the house to get Ben. He was just entering the room and started asking for the key to the butt plug. She said follow me and led him to the far side of the lawn. Get down on your hands and knees, Ben cringed when he saw the humbler but did as he was told. Lori quickly locked it on and told Ben the keys to your release are over there on the side of the house on that yellow fob. Ben started cramping from the need to relieve himself. Lori commented that laxative must be working you better start crawling. Ben started the 150 foot trek and whack, Lori started with the belt&nbsp; concentrating on Ben&#8217;s ass but every 6th or 7th hit was on his balls. Ben was really in pain as he got close to the keys and saw the street. He couldn&#8217;t believe that Lori was going to make him do this&nbsp; and she started hitting just his balls. After 20 ball shots Lori stopped and pulled out her camera , she wanted this on film. Ben reach the key location and now was trying to reach them. Lori had measured it just right. Ben had to stretch his very sore balls as far as he could and much farther than he wanted and just as he touched the keys he cramped and down he went, pain shot though his body as he pulled on his balls again. As he regained his composer he quickly reached up and grabbed the keys.

He laid on the ground in the fetal position in extreme pain and just as he though it couldn&#8217;t get any worse, cramp. Lori turned the hose on and started spraying him, get moving the water stops when the humbler is off. Ben fumbled with keys but finally unlocked the humbler, he got up and started towards the house and Lori handed him a towel and said dry off before you go inside. Lori picked up the humbler and carried it inside. Once dry Ben hurried to the bathroom for his relief. Ben had spent 15 minutes on the stool when Lori walked in carrying some enema equipment. Lori said let&#8217;s get it all out. Lori gave Ben 5 enemas starting with a quart and ending with a gallon sized one that came out crystal clear. Now out to the garage.

Ben had hoped for a short break but to the garage he went . Lori&nbsp; had Ben&#8217;s old engine lift out and Ben realized he would be only 2 feet from the door. It only a few minutes for Lori to have Ben secured in a standing spread eagle facing the door. Lori picked up the panties Ben had in his mouth from&nbsp; his visitor and asked who do these belong to? Ben said I don&#8217;t know. Lori grabbed his balls and squeezed, Ben pleaded I don&#8217;t know. You left me tied up and blindfolded, I think that at least 2 people came and repositioned me as you found me. They put a condom on me and one of them rode me to a climax, then your panties were removed from my mouth and a woman sat on my mouth. She made me eat her out while she was spanking my balls, hard. All I can tell you is that she had a bald pussy and tasted different from you. I was gagged with those panties and was left there until you came. 

Lori waved the panties in front of Ben&#8217;s face and said you could be in trouble, these are little girl panties, maybe she was bald because she hasn&#8217;t started growing any pussy hair. Ben just said I didn&#8217;t do anything wrong.&nbsp; Lori asked did you like your waxing? Ben replied it hurt a lot but I like the smooth feeling. Lori commented it makes you look like a little boy and little boys can have their pants pulled down for a spanking at anytime, should I treat you like a little boy? Ben pondered the question and answered yes. Lori said remember you asked for it and I&#8217;ll try to avoid spanking you around children. Ben was shocked to think Lori was thinking about spanking him in public and hoped she wouldn&#8217;t do it in front of people he knew. Lori then asked what did he like best?&nbsp; Ben said its hard to choose but the humbler was a surprise and I enjoyed it, especially getting the keys. What did you like the least? The person showing up as we were getting to the car. 

Well I have things to do so lets get you into traction. Ben said nothing as Lori tied his cock and balls and insert the butt plug locking it in place. Lori tied his balls snug back through his legs to the floor drain. Ben was surprised when his cock was tied loosely to the garage door. Lori raised the engine lift putting Ben on his tiptoes and then she opened the garage door and as Ben was worried that the neighbors might see him and then the tension on his cock jerked him back Ben now had his cock and balls stretched farther than last week and when Lori asked if that felt good? Ben was surprised when Lori stuck the panties in his mouth and then the blindfold and earplugs. Ben was puzzled as he started to feel a strange pressure in his ass. Ben didn&#8217;t look at the plug when he removed it earlier, if he had he would have noticed that an enema could be given through it. Lori was filling him with a quart of ice water. She closed the valve and removed the enema bag and left him to his thoughts. Ben started getting cold and was lost in this overload on sensations. 

Lori went back to her computer and to her new favorite chat room. She picked up the phone and called her beautician and they laughed about the panties. They made arrangements to remove the rest of Ben&#8217;s hair and when they could get together to watch the videos. Lori then called her neighbor, Sue, and asked if she had looked out her window. Sue looked and said you did it. They had talked earlier in the week, Sue&#8217;s husband was gone for three weeks on his job, he worked three weeks on and one off. Lori and Sue had talked about their husbands strange sex desires. Sue&#8217;s husband, Joe, liked bondage both ways, Sue knew that she was going to be naked&nbsp; and tied up within 5 minutes of Joe&#8217;s arrival and his cock would be in her mouth&nbsp; and she would remain bound until Joe climaxed at least 3 times. Sue would get to tie Joe up and ride his cock and mouth from time to time. Sue tolerated Joe&#8217;s desires and was glade to talk to Lori. They had been talking about their husbands desires for more than 2 years now.&nbsp; They talked for an hour when Lori suggested they meet in the garage.

Ben was sweating from his struggles to ease the pain. Sue examined Lori&#8217;s handiwork and couldn&#8217;t resist feeling Ben&#8217;s smooth groin. Sue turned to Lori and said that feels nice, you going to keep him that way? Lori grinned and said yes and he said since he looks like a little boy I can pull his pants down and spank him anytime and anywhere I want and you&#8217;re going to be his first spectator. Sue just grinned and asked what are we going to do to him right now? Lori asked are you horny? Sue responded yes. Lori said let&#8217;s lay him down and we can take care of our itches. Sue smiled and started for the garage door, Lori stopped her and said leave it open just unhook the cock cord. It took a few minutes but they had Ben on his back with his legs spread wide and arms secured above his head. Lori told Sue to remove her pants and panties&nbsp; so she could enjoy Ben&#8217;s cock and mouth. As Sue bared herself , Lori removed her panties and asked Sue what she wanted first. Sue&nbsp; said I could use a cock in me, Lori said go ahead and bounce hard so his ass feels the floor. Sue didn&#8217;t waste anytime and soon was bouncing and Ben was feeling every bounce. When Ben came Sue complained too soon. Lori said don&#8217;t worry just pull the panties out of his mouth and put his mouth to work. Sue switched her position and soon got the relief she needed and started to get off and Lori stopped her. Make him bring you off a few times, you&#8217;ll love it. 

By the time Sue came the third time Ben was hard again and Lori sat on his cock. Lori told Sue to&nbsp; tell her when she was close to coming so she could pace Ben&#8217;s climax. As Sue came, Lori increased her speed and as Ben came she told Sue to move out of the way. Lori moved to Ben&#8217;s mouth and was soon climaxing. As Ben continued working on Lori&#8217;s pussy as Lori asked Sue if Joe had ever eaten her ass? Sue responded no, who would eat another person&#8217;s ass. Lori said you would be surprised how many people say they have online, and Ben will. Sue get ready you&#8217;ll love the feeling. Lori came one more time and got off saying your turn. Sue took her place and said this is nice but he seems to be getting tired. Lori handed Sue a paint stick and said start spanking his balls. Sue responded are you sure? Lori said yes and the harder the better it will feel. Sue started spanking and was rewarded with Ben&#8217;s tongue working into her anus. The harder she spanked the deeper he went until Sue cam with a shudder she couldn&#8217;t believe. Sue asked Lori to help her get up. Lori helped Sue and gagged Ben again. Sue, why don&#8217;t you get dressed and meet me on the deck, I&#8217;ll get some refreshments. Sue started getting her clothes but just left them and went outside. Lori was surprised to see Sue sitting there half naked and asked why? I have a favor to ask after our break. They just sat quietly and snacked.

After about 15 minutes Sue asked Lori, would you spank me? Lori said that depends on how hard and how much? I want to have my ass spanked hard while Ben eats me and I give him a blow job. Lori said only your ass? You can spank my pussy and tits afterwards while I&#8217;m tied naked over that rock in my backyard. Lori said sure as long as you remain tied up till tomorrow. Sue said sure as long as my legs are extra wide. Lori said you may be sore for a week. Sue said promise?

The girls returned to the garage and Sue removed her top and bra. Sue removed Ben&#8217;s gag and sat on his face and then leaned forward and took his cock in her mouth. Lori had picked up Ben&#8217;s belt and started spanking Sue&#8217;s ass being careful not to hit Ben. After about 15 minutes Sue and Ben both came. Sue got up and gagged Ben and then picked up her clothes and said time for the other side. Sue and Lori walked over to Sue&#8217;s house stopping in her garage where Sue dropped her clothes and picked up some rope. Lori was a little surprised when Sue explained, Joe ties me up over that rock all the time. When they got to the rock Sue laid out the ropes and showed the tying points and then laid down in position over the rock. Lori tied Sue&#8217;s arms in place and then started on her legs. When Sue&#8217;s legs were spread as far as Lori could get them by hand Lori tightened them a little more using the ratchets on the tie down straps that were being used as the tie down points. Sue was begging for Lori to stop but Lori gave them a couple more pulls just to make it tighter. Lori felt Sue&#8217;s groin and said that should be tight enough, Sue commented any tighter and I&#8217;ll pop out of joint. 

Lori asked Sue if she ever considered getting a wax job done on her pussy. No but Joe has asked me to do it several times. Lori laughed and said you&#8217;ll be begging for a wax job before I stop spanking, whap. Lori spanked Sue long and hard. Sue was begging for Lori to stop and Lori kept spanking. Sue finally begged fir a wax job and another spanking, Lori stopped. Sue was in tears with a sore pussy and tits. Lori asked if Sue wanted anything else? Sue said no, so Lori left Sue laying there and went back to Ben. 

Lori released Ben and let him relieve himself on the enema. Ben was then told to make a light lunch. Over lunch they talked about how the weekend was going. Ben was puzzled with the extra women and asked if there were more coming. Lori said not this weekend, but who knows about the future, maybe your sister would like to help. Ben wasn&#8217;t sure he would like having his sister help because she would make sure the bruises lasted at least a week because he was mean to her growing up. Lori told Ben to clean up and be ready for bed in 30 minutes. Ben was surprised to be going to bed at five o&#8217;clock and asked why so early?&nbsp; Lori said I need my pussy taken care of and having in one place will let me get as much as I want.

Lori had Ben secured on the bed in the spare bedroom just like last week, with his legs raised and spread above his head with one foot tied to the foot of the bed and the other to the head. After the blindfold and earplugs were in place, Lori removed her panties and sat on his face. Just as she came a second time she heard a car pull in Sue&#8217;s driveway and decided she better check so she got up and put her panties in Ben&#8217;s mouth for a gag. Lori was wearing only a sundress and got downstairs just as the doorbell rang. She went to the door and found a young women at the door, so she opened the door. Hi I&#8217;m Sue&#8217;s sister Linda and I was wondering if you know where Sue is? Lori&nbsp; said I think she tied up at the moment and I don&#8217;t remember where she said she going but she should be back soon, would you like to wait here and talk until she shows up? Linda said I guess that would be alright.

They sat around the kitchen table and talked and soon Linda said she was hoping Sue would be willing to let her practice waxing because she is training to be a beautician. Lori asked what type of waxing, legs, facial, bikini? Linda all but I don&#8217;t think would agree to bikini, she&#8217;s a little bit of a prude when it comes to that. Linda then said I would ask you but I can tell that you just had it done and seeing how your dressed are you trimmed or bald? Lori said trimmed and raised her dress to show her. Very nice Linda said it&#8217;s only fair to show you mine, and pulled her jeans and panties down showing her butterfly pattern bush. Lori responded nice you do it yourself? No, one of my classmates did, I did hers. 

The talk soon turned to sex and Lori asked Linda if she had a boyfriend? No I don&#8217;t but I was hoping Sue would like to go bar hopping after the waxing so I could find someone for tonight, Sue attracts guys like sugar attracts flies and since she&#8217;s married I can usually catch one on the rebound. They both laughed. Linda asked Lori about her sex life. Lori said married and my husband Ben is in bed right now resting you caught us just getting done. Isn&#8217;t Ben coming down? No he&#8217;s in bed for the night, I&#8217;ll have the pleasure of his company latter. 

Lori then asked if Linda talked to Sue about her sex life? Yes we have has she talked to you? Yes we have chatted about it several times. Linda asked she tell you about the bondage games? Yes and Joe&#8217;s interest in sex while she&#8217;s tied up. Linda added and when she ties Joe up. Did you know Sue likes self bondage when Joe is gone, Linda asked? No she never mentioned that but use rally I would start talking about Ben&#8217;s desires. Linda encouraged Lori to continue and promised to tell about her kinky sex. They laughed and Lori told about Ben&#8217;s desire to be spanked, Linda asked do you like spanking him? Well I&#8217;m learning to enjoy getting what I want for giving him what he wants, but I just tolerate spanking him right now and enjoy only part of it, now Ben is enjoying being spanked although I think he still wants more. Linda said maybe I could spank him for you? Lori asked how old are you and what experience do you have?

Linda replied I&#8217;m 21 and for experience let me start at the beginning. Two days after my 14th birthday three boys from my school were upset about not being invited to my party and decided they wanted to have a private party with me. My mother had talked me into wearing a dress that day with tied spaghetti straps and Sue talked me into wearing a pair of joke panties, we had written on them saying remove and spank both sides, Sue had even drawn front and back pictures showing where to spank,. These boys told me they had something to show me and I went with them not suspecting anything. The next thing I knew they grabbed my wrists and tied them together, then they tied a rope to them and tossed it over a tree limb and pulled it until I was having trouble keeping my feet on the ground. Then my straps were untied and my dress fell to the ground leaving me in a strapless bra and panties. They noticed the writing and I started to scream so they removed my panties and gagged me with them and tied them in place using my bra. I tried to escape while they were cutting some switches by trying to pull myself up on the tree limb. They caught me and then tied each ankle to a different tree spreading my feet about 3 feet and putting me on my tiptoes.&nbsp; Now I was naked and spread eagled and they took turns giving me a birthday spanking I have never forgot. They had cut a switch&nbsp; from a tree and after they gave me 15 swats a piece on my ass they each gave me a swat across my pussy and another across my tits, then they let my hands free. They took my panties and bra and left as I got free. They had taken my dress and tossed it in a tree surrounded by prickly bushes. I had to sit on the rough ground and get myself free, then climb the tree to get my dress. Once I was free from the bushes, I brushed my self off and dressed, I was so embarrassed that I didn&#8217;t tell anyone and the boys kept quiet. 

I let the&nbsp; boys spank me again the next year when they threatened to show everyone my panties. This time I removed my clothes and bent over a picnic table, then I rolled over and grabbed my ankles and arched myself sticking my pussy up in the air. They spread my knees and then each gave me 2 swats on my tits and pussy. They made me put on my panties and then let me leave with my clothes in hand, less the other pair of panties. That was the last time they spanked me. I never told anyone and I just wanted revenge.

When I turned 17, my boyfriend turned 18 and let me give him a spanking, he wasn&#8217;t happy when I spanked hi too hard and soon broke up with me. But I realized that I liked spanking guys and when I turned 18 and was looking for a way to earn money I found a guy who was willing to pay me to spank him. He was forty something and gave me $500 to give him a bare assed spanking that would keep him from sitting. For about six months I was spanking 3 or 4 guys a week but I had to stop because the cops were working on catching prostitutes and seemed to be getting close. I never had sex with any of them because they were old guys and I was being paid to spank them. About 3 months later one of the guys called and offered 2 grand for a special birthday spanking with a bonus if he wasn&#8217;t able to sit afterwards. I couldn&#8217;t turn down the challenge and made 3 grand and a few days later a fourth grand. He was so happy that he couldn&#8217;t sit for three days and was still tender a week later. He calls and pays for another spanking every 4 months. 

Lori responds with I&#8217;ll have to consider your offer but I think it&#8217;s time to check on Sue. Linda asks did you here her return? No, I think it&#8217;s time to check on her since she&#8217;s tied up in her back yard. Let&#8217;s walk over but don&#8217;t say anything just let me do the talking. They went to see Sue and Linda was surprised to see how she was tied up. Lori asked Sue how she was doing and if she wanted to be released or anything? Sue said I could use another spanking and have my legs tightened a little more. I&#8217;m enjoying this, I&#8217;ve tried do this to myself but it&#8217;s not the same. Lori reached down and tugged on Sue&#8217;s bush and asked should this be removed first? Sue replied I think your right, I think being bald might be very interesting and I know Joe would like it. Yes remove that hair. Linda gasped and Sue asked Lori who&#8217;s with you? Linda replied Hi sis. Sue turned red and Linda said I&#8217;ll go get my stuff. Lori told Sue that Linda was looking for someone to practice waxing on. 

Linda sat up her waxing stuff and they shared small talk while it heated up. Linda first trimmed Sue&#8217;s bush and made it look like a star. That looks pretty good Lori said, thanks said Linda. Linda then removed the star and applied some epee stop to Sue&#8217;s bald bush. Lori asked what that was for? Linda replied that&#8217;s to slow the re growth of hair. Lori went to the ratchets and tighten them a bit until Sue said that&#8217;s good, Lori tightened them a little more. Linda put her stuff away and said she needed to find someone to take care of her itch. They all laughed and Lori asked a skilled mouth could take care of it? Linda said yes but it has to be a man&#8217;s mouth. Lori said I think Ben would enjoy giving you several orgasms. Linda replied several. Lori said yes, several. Let&#8217;s go and I&#8217;ll show you where he is and then I&#8217;ll take care of Sue&#8217;s spanking.

Linda gave Lori a look of disbelief when she saw how Ben was tied up. Lori told her to remove the panties from Ben&#8217;s mouth and enjoy. Lori left and Linda started enjoying herself. Lori went in the garage and grabbed the switch she had used on Ben and then noticed the duck tape and she remembered an article she read on the internet on ways to spank a woman. She took the tape and switch and headed for Sue. Lori was looking at the clouds and could tell that a storm might happen. Lori asked Sue how hard a spanking she wanted? Sue thought a moment and replied how about spanking me until I say stop and then give me another 20 swats. Lori said ok but I think an additional 50 would be better. Sue thought that would be fine and suggested flipping a coin and if says heads comes up, double the spanking. Lori showed Sue the switch and Sue just purred with approval and didn&#8217;t know what to think when she saw the tape. 

Lori tore off a couple of strips of tape and then pulled and taped Sue&#8217;s pussy lips exposing her clitoris. Lori tapped it with the switch and asked that&#8217;s what you really want spanked isn&#8217;t it? Sue replied yes, yes, yes. Lori laughed and said be careful what you ask for and started spanking. Lori spanked lightly at first and slowly spanked harder. After about 60 swats, Sue came, after 5 more swats she asked Lori to stop. Lori spotted the coin laying on the table and flipped it, then she gave Sue 100 swats, what do you know heads. Sue came one more time and was panting when Lori was done. Lori ran her hand over Sue&#8217;s exposed pussy and felt the warmth, Lori commented on how unlucky Sue was that she flipped a head. Sue laughed and asked if Lori used Joe&#8217;s quarter that was laying the table? Lori said yes, why? Sue said flip it over, Lori did and discovered that it had a head on both sides. Sue said she had hoped that Lori would use that coin. Lori asked Sue if she wanted to be released since it looked rain? Sue replied no, Joe has left me tied up through several showers. Lori said ok, but I have to see how your sister is doing with Ben and left.

Linda was coming for the forth time as Lori entered the room and asked if Lori wanted a turn? Lori replied yes and took her place on Ben&#8217;s mouth. Ben was tiring so Lori started swatting his balls and he picked up. Linda rested while Lori came a second time and then got up and put the panties back in Ben&#8217;s mouth. Lori asked Linda if she wanted some refreshments and they went to the kitchen. Lori pored some juice, sliced some apples and cheese. They snacked and Linda started talking about all that had happened. She mentioned that Ben&#8217;s bottom would be pretty after about 100 good strokes with a riding crop. Lori asked are you wanting to give him a spanking? Linda pondered and said yes. Lori asked how about next Friday? Linda said sure but how about a few right now? Lori wasn&#8217;t sure Ben could handle more right now but said I guess 20 or 30 swats wouldn&#8217;t hurt him too much. They went to see Ben and Linda picked up the switch. Lori was impressed with Linda&#8217;s form and Linda talked about the importance of the proper angle and distance. Linda stopped after 25 swats and ran her hand across Ben&#8217;s ass and commented on how the welts felt. Lori felt them and said ouch. Linda said yes he&#8217;s going to feel those for a couple days.

Lori asked would you like some wine and a movie to relax? Linda chuckled and said sure. They went to the living room and Lori showed Linda the movies and told her to pick one while she got the wine. Shortly they were watching a romance movie and enjoying their wine. They had watching about an hour when it started raining, they pondered on how Sue was enjoying the rain when it started to hail. They stopped the movie and ran to the door, as soon as the hail let up they both ran and released Sue and helped her back to Lori&#8217;s house just as the hail started again. Lori got towels for all of them. Lori and Linda removed their wet clothes and dried off and Lori got blankets for each of them. 

They were setting there naked, wrapped in blankets, waiting for Sue to stop shivering. Lori made some hot chocolate and after about 15 minutes Sue started talking. At first Sue just said she was fine, but when Linda asked how it felt to be pelted by hail she started to shake and then climaxed. Lori and Linda looked at each other and then asked together, did you just climax? Sue grinned and said yes, just thinking about the hail hitting my clitoris and the sensation it caused. I was still sore from my spanking and instead of pain I felt pleasure and as soon as I get warm I&#8217;m going to put Ben&#8217;s tongue to work. They all laughed and watched the rest of the movie.











The Spanking He Was Begging For
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;PART 4

The movie finished and Sue said it&#8217;s time for Ben. We all when up to se Ben, Sue removed the panties and sat on his mouth. Ben started licking and sucking and soon Sue came. Sue lasted for 3 climaxes and then got off and replaced the panties. Now I need to be tied back in place and spanked. The 3 women left for Sue&#8217;s rock. The rain had stopped and the skies were clearing because the stars were shining. Sue started getting into position when Linda stopped her and said roll over. Sue hesitated but did and soon Sue was face down over the rock. Lori tied her hands while Linda started on her ankles. Before the ratcheting to spread her legs tight Linda picked up large pyramid shaped rock and asked Lori to help place it so Sue&#8217;s exposed citreous could rest on the point. Sue&#8217;s pussy was still taped open and now as her legs were tightened she felt that rock grinding into her very sensitive womanhood, Sue was panting yes. Yes .yes as it was obvious that she was enjoying this new sensation. 

Linda and Lori were about to leave when Sue yelled spank me. Lori said the pleasure is all yours, and Linda picked up a switch and started spanking. She showed Lori how to get the best angles so the most sensitive spots could be spanked. Sue&#8217;s bottom was all stripes and then Linda changed&nbsp; her position and started spanking Sue&#8217;s crotch from above. The switch was flexible enough that it curve and got some of her underside. Sue was begging for Linda to stop but she didn&#8217;t. Linda had Lori spread Sue&#8217;s ass cheeks exposing her anus and then gave it 20 swats. Linda then picked up a rock the size of a ping pong ball and inserted one of its points into Sue&#8217;s anus and then had Lori release her cheeks holding it in place. Sue was in tears when Linda said that better be there in the morning and they left. Sue couldn&#8217;t believe how horny she was, she tried to rub that rock but it didn&#8217;t work, She was going to be frustrated for the rest of the night and she hoped Linda would spank her again in the morning. 

Lori and Linda decided it was time to go to bed and split up, Lori to her bed and Linda to Sue&#8217;s. Lori made a visit to Ben and used his tongue and spanked his balls before bed, Linda explored Sue&#8217;s closet and dresser drawers looking for surprises. She was surprised to find an assortment of bondage toys and several spanking implements. The riding crop&nbsp; was almost new, she could tell it had never really been used. Linda was really surprised to find that old pair of panties. I though I threw these away I guess Sue wants to be caught wearing them. Then looking in Joe&#8217;s bed stand she found pictures of Sue tied naked and helpless. Ben needs to learn about Sue&#8217;s desire to be spanked. Lori found a stash of magazines of women in bondage and being punished. Linda wondered if these were Joe&#8217;s. She took them to bed and soon fell asleep.

Morning came and Linda grabbed the crop and went to check on Sue, she was still trying to come rubbing that rock. She was concentrating so hard she didn&#8217;t notice Linda until swat. Linda spanked Sue with the riding crop until Linda was afraid&nbsp; she might break the skin. Linda released Sue and asked her to roll over and spread her legs. Linda spanked Sue&#8217;s pussy until Sue couldn&#8217;t keep from curling up in the fetal position. Linda told Sue that she had 15 minutes to get breakfast started or she would spread her legs and spank her pussy until her arm tires out 3 times and then decide how she should be punished. Sue took her seriously and managed to get breakfast started.

Lori got up and sat on Ben&#8217;s mouth, after 3 climaxes she spanked his balls and released him. Breakfast in 30 minutes, so you better get moving. Ben moved as fast as he could considering how stiff he was, Lori went to her bathroom and got cleaned up and dressed. Ben tried to sit but his ass was too sore so he had to avoid making contact with his ass. Ben cleaned up and hurried to the kitchen and fixed a light breakfast for the both of them. 

Over breakfast Lori asked Ben if he enjoyed his weekend? Ben said yes and asked how many other woman she shared him with? Lori just laughed and said, how many do you think? I believe I ate 4 different pussies so I would guess 3 other women. Lori replied very good now what did you like the best? Ben thought a little and replied that last spanking, I love how hard you spanked and how my bottom still hurts. Lori knew he was talking about Linda&#8217;s spanking and asked if he would like another like that&nbsp; after breakfast? Ben replied I would love it, I would love it harder and longer. Lori said we&#8217;ll see how long it takes you to get the house cleaned. Ben started cleaning and Lori said she was going for a short walk and left.

Lori went to see how Linda and Sue were. Sue was cleaning with her legs spread to keep from feeling too much pain. Lori asked Linda if she was interested in really spanking Ben? Linda asked what I gave him last night was a real spanking what are you asking? Ben asked for another spanking like that one only harder and longer. Sure I&#8217;ll give him a real spanking how about over Sue&#8217;s rock? Lori wondered how she could get Ben over that rock without making him wise that she wasn&#8217;t the one spanking. Then she remembered about pulling down his pants and spanking him at anytime. She told Linda the plan and told Sue to put on a dress.

Lori went home and Ben was just finishing his cleaning. Lori had Ben put on the little girls panties and then his sweats. Lori then said they were going over to Sue&#8217;s back yard to see Sue. Sue was wearing a very sexy dress and Ben couldn&#8217;t help but stair. Lori Yelled at Ben and said you need to be punished and pulled his pants and panties down. Ben was embarrassed standing there in front of Sue bare and bald. Lori pulled him over her knee and started spanking and then stopped and told Ben to strip. Ben hesitated but removed his clothes. Lori lead Ben over to the rock and had Ben lay over it. Before Ben could figure something was fishy Lori had tied Ben in place. Lori ratcheted Ben&#8217;s ankles until Ben was very wide. Lori then said remember that spanking you wanted, your going to get it right now. Lori gagged, blind-folded and ear plugged Ben so he couldn&#8217;t see or here what was happening.

Linda came out riding crop in hand. She spoke to no one and walked up behind Ben and started spanking. Ben was bouncing and tried to protect his bottom, Linda spanked as hard as she could and soon Ben&#8217;s bottom was visibly damaged and he was in pain. Linda stopped and they examined Ben&#8217;s bottom. Lori said I think that&#8217;s the spanking he&#8217;s been bugging me for. Sue what is this ring for? Asking about the ring at the base of the rock. Sue replied that was so Joe could pull a rope taught from around my waist and passing through the lips of my pussy. 

Lori removed Ben&#8217;s earplug and asked him if he had enough? Ben nodded his head in no motion. Lori reinserted the earplug and said I guess he wants more. Lori picked up a light rope and tied it around Ben&#8217;s balls and then ran the loose end through the ring at the base of the rock and pulled it tight and tied it off. Now Ben&#8217;s balls were exposed against the rock and she told Linda those could use a spanking don&#8217;t you think? Linda smiled and said let him rest a little and then we can have round two. Sue asked do you think I could get my clit spanked and then replace Ben on my rock with a rope splitting my pussy? Linda asked what kind of rope? Sue replied I&#8217;ll go get it so you can see. Sue&nbsp; returned with a course rope and said this one. Linda looked at Sue and replied that&#8217;s going to make you raw are you sure? Sue said yes especially after a hard spanking.

Linda said lets play a game to see how many swats you will get. Get on the bench and raise spread your legs. Now I&#8217;m going to spank your clitoris and for every swat you take without covering up I will multiply by the number I wrote down on this slip of paper.&nbsp; The number I wind up with will be the number of swats you will receive once you are tied up. Ready, Sue nodded yes and managed to hold position for 30 swats. 

I better finish with Ben, wait a minute Lori said, I&#8217;ve got to go get his humbler for after the spanking. Lori retrieved the humbler and Linda started with the crop. Soon Ben&#8217;s ass was striped with raised welts and bruises. Linda had Sue spread Ben&#8217;s ass so she could target his anus. Ben was straining from the pain when his anus and crack were turned the same shade of deep red. When a hard swat and a light tap caused Ben to strain the same way Linda picked up a golf ball sized sharp rock and placed it on his anus as Sue released his cheeks. Ben was in pain and Linda was about to quit when Lori reminded her of his balls. Linda suggested stopping at 5 but Lori insisted on more. After 30 swats Lori was pleased with how Ben was reacting and said 5 more. Ben was almost passed out from the pain as Lori and Sue released him. Linda was watching from a distance where she wouldn&#8217;t be seen. Ben was cradling his balls when Lori showed the humbler. Ben resisted until Lori threatened no more spankings if he refused. Ben was in pain and knew that he was going to be in more pain. Lori told Ben where the key might be hid and that he had an hour to find the key and remove the humbler or he would have to wear it for a month . Ben hurried on his way.

When Ben made it to the house Lori showed the keys and laughed that Ben was going to really stretch his limits looking for the key. Linda told Sue to get in place. Sue was soon face up on the rock when Linda said roll over. Sue was disappointed but rolled over and Linda started spanking. Linda had Sue spread her cheeks to expose her anus and soon Sue&#8217;s anus looked like Ben&#8217;s. Linda picked up a rock and put it in place at Sue&#8217;s anus and told Sue to roll over. Linda soon had Sue secured in a spread eagle on the rock with clitoris sticking out. Sue was still taped so she was exposed and Linda started with the crop.&nbsp; After 20 strokes Sue started begging for Linda to stop, Linda replied you held for 30 swats and the multiplier was 10 so you have 280 to go. Lori laughed as Sue begged so Lori shoved the panties Ben had in his mouth into Sue&#8217;s mouth. Lori told Linda to have fun but she had to go take care of Ben. Linda said thanks for the loan of the panties, I&#8217;ll call later.

Lori found Ben curled up on the floor in her bedroom. She asked have you given up? Ben moaned no but was in too much pain to move. Lori removed the humbler and got some pillows. She told Ben to rest and left to make a light snack for them.

Lori returned an hour later with some hot chocolate and grilled cheese sandwiches along with some painkillers for Ben. Ben slowly got up and looked around for a place to sit, Lori told him to sit on the bed. Ben tried to sit but as soon as his bottom started feeling pressure he jumped from the pain. Lori asked if he had removed the rock and he reached back and took it out. Ben was now able to sit and welcomed the painkillers and then they ate. After they ate in silence Lori cleaned up and told Ben to lay down. 

Lori let Ben sleep for 2 hours while she questioned herself that she went too far. When she checked on Ben&nbsp; she found him twisting trying to get comfortable. She asked if he was all right. He answered that he would be fine. She then started apologizing for going too far and Ben stopped her. It wasn&#8217;t what you did&nbsp; that caused me to collapse on the floor I spotted the keys and moved too quickly and the pain from the humbler put me down. If I would have taken it slowly I would have been fine. Lori said I think we should take it easy the rest of the day. Ben said let me rest till 8 and then we can talk. Lori agreed and left. 

Lori wondered how Linda was doing so she walked next door. She found Linda sitting next to Sue having a drink. Linda invited her to sit down and have a drink. Sue was squirming and Lori could tell that her clitoris was very sore. After a few hours Lori left to get ready for 8. 

At 8 Lori woke Ben and he sat up . Lori asked what Ben enjoyed the most. Ben replied believe it or not my time on the rock. I couldn&#8217;t believe that you would expose me like that and I found that I enjoyed it. Lori was about to tell Ben about the keys but Ben interrupted and said I think I need training on wearing the humbler. Lori asked What kind of training? Ben replied I think I need to spend time wearing the humbler every day and for longer times until I can wear it for a full weekend. 

Lori replied we can do that and when you can go that long maybe we should go out to the picnic tables and after your spanking I should lock you in the humbler and let you crawl home. Ben shuddered thinking of that task and replied would I at least have knee pads? Lori laughed and said only if your good.

After some more small talk Lori asked Ben if he had to work tomorrow? Ben replied only till noon but I could call in sick. Lori said noon will be good because we need to do some shopping. Ben replied shopping for what? Lori laughed for your new clothes. You need long pants with elastic waist bands that I can pull down when needed. You also need some new panties, sexy ladies panties and some little girl ones. Just think of how you will feel when I pull your pants down and your standing there in either sexy panties or in little girl panties.

Lori said I think it&#8217;s time for bed, you better go to the bathroom and then meet me in the other bedroom. Ben prepared for bed and then went to the other bedroom. Lori secured Ben in what was becoming his sleeping position on his back with legs raised and spread. Lori sat on Ben&#8217;s face and let him lick her to a climax and then let him sleep.

While Ben is enjoying his regular spankings he still occasionally craves harder ones, and while Lori doesn&#8217;t mind playing the stern disciplinarian she still can&#8217;t bring herself to giving really hard spankings all the time. Thankfully Linda comes by 4 or 5 times a year and still enjoys pushing Ben&#8217;s limits. Ben does get to eat plenty of pussy and ass and is very thankful for that. And while he can wear the humbler all weekend he still hasn&#8217;t crawled home.

This is the end . . . . . . . . .



At least for now.



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  moosehunter


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





