BDSM Library - The Training




The Training
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Kimberleigh has an innovative plan for Jay's PE problem, 






Story: The Training

Kimberleigh's breathing deepened as her lubricated hands stroked Jay's engorged erection. His slithering member stiffened and turned a deeper red as he struggled to keep from ejaculating. She was fully clothed, which he found nearly as stimulating as looking at her naked body. He was naked, and beads of sweat accumulated on his forehead. His legs were spread wide, and his ankles were fastened to a spreader bar. 

He knew by her breathing that Kimberleigh was aroused. Her arousal always excited him. Kimberleigh had hand-jobbed him twice in the past three hours, and he managed to keep from cumming. This time, his nuts ached for her, and he wanted to plunge inside her and fuck her hard, until he spewed a huge serving of semen into her excited pussy. 

"Ohhhhh..." he groaned, his arousal at a feverish level. He gritted his teeth and desperately renewed the physical and mental efforts that he had learned over the past several months to keep from ejaculating. 

"Ohhhhh, Kim... Kim, please..." 

"Look at me," she commanded, and kept stroking. He averted his eyes. 

"I said look at me!" 

He complied, and saw her tender face and sensuous smile. She puckered her lips and whispered, "Ooooh, oooooh!" Her bare arms and sexy hands caught his eye next, and he opened his mouth wide. 

"No, Kim... Ohhh Kim... Ahhhhhhhhhh!" 

Streaks of semen erupted from his engorged cock while he writhed and moaned. Kimberleigh's panties became wetter as she contemplated the following hour. 

After she drained him, she said in a scolding tone, "Hmmm - I would have loved you to shoot that big load inside me. But you just couldn't hold it back for me." 

She released his ankles from the spreader bar and continued, "In the study. Ten minutes," and walked away. What he was about to go through was at least as grueling as what he'd just been through. 

He caught his breath, wiped the sweat off his body, had a drink of water, and sauntered, still naked, to Kimberleigh's study. She was already there, and had taken off all her clothes except for the fashion boots that she previously wore. She had also slipped a white glove on her right hand, which held an oak paddle. 

She waved her other hand toward her desk in a gesture that was clear to him. He bent over at the waist and grasped the opposite edge of her desk. 

She went behind and to one side of where Jay was bent over, and spread her feet. When she bent her knees slightly, some cream from her arousal started to trickle down the inside of her thigh. She quickly wiped it away with her free hand, and gauged her position for giving a paddling. 

She kept her knees bent and her feet spread apart as she paddled. 

Each swat of the paddle struck against both nether cheeks. The first several swats produced a loud "OH!" from the bent-over male. As the paddling progressed, Jay's protests became louder and more drawn out. 

Whack! 

"AHHHHH!" 

Whack! 

"OWWWWW, KIM!" 

Whack! 

"OOOOOH! 

Whack! 

"KIM! OWWOWWOW!" 

He kicked his legs and writhed. His knuckles turned white as he held onto the edge of the desk, since he dare not let go - he learned the extremely unpleasant consequences of doing so a few months back. 

Kimberleigh paddled until his backside was a uniform shade of crimson. She had been so attentive to her task of administering that she had not felt the additional trickles of cream run down the insides of her thighs. 

"Okay, now come over here," she said when she stopped paddling. 

He followed her to the bedroom as she walked with her legs together. They both knew what was to happen next. He lapped up the trickles of cream from her thighs, then went to work on her pussy. A half hour later she had convulsed in orgasm several times. He was fully erect by then. Having seen Kimberleigh squirm and writhe in response to his oral service to her, he was ready for more. 

He pushed his engorged cock inside Kimberleigh and watched her expressions of pleasure as he plowed. He was sometimes gentle and slow, other times hard and brusque. He wanted to fill her up with his semen, but that would not happen today, since she had drained him of a big wad earlier. He did, however, have to choose whether to pull out and spurt on her when he ejaculated, or whether to spurt inside her and face a messy clean-up job. Kimberleigh had a rule that if she had to spank him, he could not ejaculate inside her that same day, and if he did, he was to suck her clean afterward. 

What the hell, he thought as the incredibly erotic sensation of approaching inevitability spread through his midsection. 

"Ahhhhh!" he shouted as the feeling gripped his insides and his cock started its rhythmic pulsing. Kimberleigh moaned ecstatically, for she was glad that he spurted inside her, as this would lead to even more pleasure for her. 

She held him for several minutes, making sure his cock didn't slip out, and contracted her internal muscles frequently to squeeze every last drop from him. Then she nudged him, and he pulled out and went between her spread thighs. He got to work orally cleaning her pussy, which oozed with the mixture of her juices and his cum. He had to admit that her two climaxes almost made it worth doing. 

They were lovers, although they did not live together. Jay had been undergoing "training" for several months. The goal of this training was to enable him to refrain from popping off until Kimberleigh was ready. That was the initial goal, since when they first got together he spurted soon after entering her, even the second session the same evening, which disappointed them both. 

With Kimberleigh's dominant streak, plus Jay's rather submissive side, what followed was natural for them. She proposed that he undergo training - at her hands, of course - to increase the time that he could withstand intense erotic stimulation before ejaculating. 

The training started out several months back with Kimberleigh giving him slow, extended hand jobs, with the purpose of keeping him on the verge of ejaculation as long as possible. When she was satisfied with his performance, she let him enter her to finish off. If he did pop off in her hand, she didn't let him in until the following day. 

As the training sessions continued, Kimberleigh raised the stakes and added physical discipline to the price of popping off too early. When she realized that she still wanted intercourse after punishing him, she allowed him to enter her, on the condition that if he ejaculated, he needed to pull out first. When he didn't in fact pull out in time on a couple of occasions, she decided that he must orally clean out her pussy. 

All in all, he had made considerable progress over the months, although she had higher aspirations for him - plans that she did not divulge yet. With this in mind, she continued the training, and decided that she would use intercourse in addition to hand-jobbing in the training sessions. 

A few days later they got together and Kimberleigh, as usual, bound his ankles to the spreader bar so his legs were well apart. With him lying on the bed, she also bound his wrists above his head to make him feel more submissive. 

She teased his cock to a rigid state, and straddled him to insert it into her now dripping pussy. 

"Oh God, Kim! Oh, that's so good," he exclaimed when she took in his full length. She slowly pumped her hips, each time almost withdrawing completely before impaling herself again. Each time, he moaned. 

"Slow down, Kim!" 

"Hold it back, lover," she replied. "Please, hold back until I tell you to cum." 

"I'm trying, Kim! Slow down - stop for a minute!" 

She pumped twice and then paused. His intense struggle to please her, combined with his natural inclination to go ahead and spurt, had her aroused almost beyond words. She enjoyed the feel of his rather large cock inside her, whether it was snaking in and out or holding still. 

A moment later she resumed her characteristic pumping with long strokes, and admonished him to keep from ejaculating. 

"You need to hold on for a while longer, darling" she said. She knew that he would not be able to withstand that level of stimulation for long. He struggled mightily to keep from doing what came naturally, and she relentlessly continued pumping her hips. 

She felt his already engorged erection swell up inside her, and she moaned in a high pitched whimper. That was more than Jay could stand. 

"Oh no, Kim!" 

He groaned as his cock pulsed and spurted inside her. She quickened the action of her hips and moaned. She continued pumping until his paroxysms subsided. 

"Well, my love," she admonished gently and with a sly smile, "You didn't hold out long enough. I'll give you a choice - fifteen with the cane, or you can suck me clean." 

He pondered for a moment and realized that he really didn't want to bend over for a caning, so he told her that he'd suck her pussy. So she released all his bindings and straddled his mouth. She closed her eyes and arched her back, and as soon as she felt his semen being sucked out, she climaxed. She had a second climax before he finished. 

Several times in the following weeks Kimberleigh rode him after teasing him to a raging erect state. Some of those sessions, she stopped pumping long enough for him to regain his composure, and then, if he lasted long enough, she gave him the green light - "Cum inside me now!" A few seconds later he exploded within her and filled her insides with copious spurts of semen. 

About a third of the time he didn't last as long as she liked, and she decided to pull out as soon as he started ejaculating, and then soundly disciplined him. 

The combination of rewards and discipline, plus his own intensive practice, resulted in his eventually being able to withstand an incredible amount of erotic stimulation before popping off. Kimberleigh chose that stage of his training to tell him that she had a special occasion in mind that would test his resolve, and that he should strive for yet more progress in the intervening month. 

Jay's progress surprised her, although she could not resist taking perverse pleasure in pushing him beyond his limits on a couple of occasions, and then severely paddling him. 

When she was satisfied with his progress she arranged for a friend, Katha, to show up at a pre-arranged time for a session. Before she arrived, Kimberleigh instructed Jay to strip completely while she remained clothed. 

Katha showed up a few minutes later, and Jay became erect as soon as he saw her. The slender blonde-haired short-skirted Katha stood before him with her feet apart, and commented while she formed her hair in a ponytail. 

"So this is Jay. That's a gorgeous cock there, Kimberleigh! I can't wait to get started on it. Where should we have the festivities?" She had a sexy twinkle in her eyes. 

Kimberleigh led them to her bed and told Jay to lie down. She brought out the lubricant and handed it to Katha, who put a generous amount of it in her hand. 

"Let's see how he does now," Katha remarked as she began hand-jobbing him. She made several comments as she worked. "I like the feel of this one... a nice, big cock to work on... I like the way it responds... I bet you're working up a nice load of cum for me." 

Jay groaned and struggled as he employed every technique he knew in holding back. Katha kept on working while the naked spread-legged Jay squirmed. 

"What do you do when he pops off early?" Katha asked Kimberleigh. 

"Lately I've been giving him a good paddling or a caning. If he pops in my pussy I have him suck me clean first." 

"Do you know what I do when a guy pops off too soon, Jay? I give him a good thrashing. I don't know how severe Kimberleigh is, but you DON'T want to get one from me. I like the idea of the guy sucking his cum out - I think I'll use that idea too. Don't worry though - I play fair - I won't deliberately force you to cum - but I DO expect you to be able to hold back through a nice long session. I want a good ride before you pop." 

"Aaaaaugh! Ohhhh..." 

Katha giggled. "Kimberleigh says that you've had months of experience at this. Now for the next stage..." 

She slowly stripped as Jay looked on. He gazed upon her sweet face, her firm midsection, and smooth willowy legs; her pussy, though, was absolutely delectable. If it looks this good, he thought to himself, how is it going to feel inside her? And how long will I be able to hold back inside a pussy like that? 

Katha smiled as though reading his thoughts. Then she straddled his midsection and inserted his throbbing cock into her creamy pussy, and sank it in all the way. 

"Oh my gosh," Jay exclaimed aloud. The feel of Katha's vaginal interior was truly astounding. Resilient and smooth, yet slightly velvety. Katha, her hands grasping his hips, pumped him with long, slow strokes. 

Jay's exclamations became more intense as he tried to keep from ejaculating and at the same time feel the delightful sensations of Katha's pussy. He didn't know how long he could keep his cock from doing what it so desperately wanted to do. 

"Please! Please stop for a minute! I can't hold out much more!" 

"You just keep that naughty cock from cumming," she answered. "I want to have some fun with you before you pop off." She slowed the pace of her pumping, but did not stop. 

Jay renewed his effort to bring all his experience and resolve to the fore. Katha varied the timing of her hips' back and forth movement. Several times Jay had approached the point of no return and had successfully, through much effort, receded slightly. 

Katha paused, and lay on top of him, front to front, her legs making contact with his. Her face inches from his, she closed her eyes. She pumped her hips in a determined and purposeful manner. Her voice quavered as passionate moans freely escaped her open mouth. 

After a moment of this intense stimulation, Jay realized there was nothing he could do to further prolong ejaculatory retention. He helplessly felt his insides clench, and then his cock started to pulse. 

"Aaaaaagh!" he yelled, and shook his head from side to side while he propelled spurt after spurt into Katha's sweet receptacle. 

Katha opened her eyes, pressed her lips together for a moment, and then said, "I was just getting into it. I expected you to hold out a lot longer than that." 

About an hour later, the three of them were in Kimberleigh's study. Katha had a rosy flush to her cheeks from the several orgasms she experienced when Jay sucked her pussy after he ejaculated. 

Jay was bent over at the waist, leaning across the desk, with a pillow under his hips. His arms were stretched out in front of him, and his wrists were bound together. His ankles were also bound together, and a sturdy rope ran from his wrists under the desk to his ankles. This was to keep him in position for what was to come. 

Kimberleigh calmly stood in front of him; Katha swished the rattan cane through the air several times to get a feel for its weight and balance. 

"Better luck next time, Jay," she said, and tapped the cane several times on Jay's naked bottom. Then, with her gaze fixed on the target, drew the cane far back and commenced his severe caning. 

----- This work is copyright by the author. Commercial use is prohibited without permission. Archiving and reposting of this story unmodified is permitted provided that no fee is charged, either directly or indirectly (including so-called "adult checks") and provided that this disclaimer and attribution to the original author (rick_oh at email.com) are maintained. Please see my other stories at http://www.asstr.org/~rick_oh/



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Rick_oh


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





