BDSM Library - Speeding




Speeding
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Submissive gets caught speeding on the highway and is put into her place by a hot cop






She was in the fast lane, driving down the motorway while her mind was drifting. She was going to visit her boyfriend who worked in Brussels. How she was looking forward to seeing him again! She thought of the last time they met, how they spent the entire weekend in bed, how he fucked her again and again... Her right hand left the steering wheel and was rubbing her right thigh. It was a nice early summer's day, so she was wearing a skirt to just above knee-length and, feeling a little naughty, no panties. Her hand started moving up between her legs until it reached her pussy. She looked over to the other drivers as she passed them, giggling a little to herself. If only they knew what she was up to... Her fingers started rubbing her clit and she was getting quite excited by this whole scenario... Her fingers rubbed faster and faster and faster... She never left the fast lane all this time... She was getting hornier by the second and felt she was getting close to actually cumming... Just as she was getting ready a motorbike passed her and suddenly blue lights were flashing right in front of her. A policeman! "Oh shit!" she though, putting both hands back on the wheel immediately. She lost track of how fast she was going but it certainly wasn't slow.
He motioned for her to follow him and they moved across to the slow lane. Eventually he left the motorway and pulled into a little lay-by just off an exit slip road where nobody is allowed to park normally. They were still in full view of the motorway, but covered a bit by a row of shrubs and bushes. She felt her heart beating faster, as he got off his bike and walked towards her car. He took off his helmet but left his sunglasses on. He is quite handsome, she caught herself thinking, tall, blond, muscular... She opened her window and heard him say "Good morning Ma'am, your driving license please." She reached into her handbag and handed him her driving license with a shy "Here you go." He studied it for a moment, looked at her, then walked around the car. What the heck is he checking, she wondered. "Right, Ma'am, you were doing 130km/h back there but allowed are only 100!" "Oh gosh, I'm so sorry Sir, I wasn't paying attention for a moment, I never usually speed..." she stuttered. "30km over the limit is 110EUR, Ma'am. Can you pay them now?" "110EUR? I only have 25EUR on me, I can't pay them now" she replied. "Then I'll have to impound the car I'm afraid" he told her without much compassion. "What? But..but I need to get to Brussels. " "Then you need to pay the fine straight away," he insisted. "But how am I going to do that, there's no cash point here on the motorway, is there?" she said, getting slightly annoyed. He looked at her again for what seemed like a minute. "Well," he finally said. "There is one other solution to your dilemma. Step out of the car!" "Okay??!" she whispered, as she opened her door and climbed out of the car. "Yes?" she looked at him inquisitively.
"Spread your arms and legs, I will have to frisk you," He ordered. With a big sigh she did as he asked her to do, slightly rolling her eyes. He moved up close, his hands started to feel her arms, one at a time, from her wrists to her shoulders. "Feet further apart" he demanded, as he walked around her and stopped behind her. "Leave your arms where they are", he said, as he suddenly grabbed her breasts from behind her, kneading them for a few seconds before she could feel his hands moving up her left leg, starting at the ankle, moving up both outside and inside of her thigh at the same time until he stopped an inch before reaching her exposed cunt. Then the same on the right leg. His hands felt so strong and his whole appearance was so dominant. As much as she tried to be dismayed at the situation she actually found herself getting excited by it.
"Bend over the hood!" he motioned towards the front of the car. "What??" she yelled, looking over at the passing cars. Even though they were slightly covered by the shrubs every passing car could still see them. He did not move but just stared at her through his sunglasses. In her head she weighed up the options. No money, no car, stranded on the motorway. What was he going to do to her though? What kind of psycho cop was this? She had no other option, she'd have to risk it if she wanted to continue her journey. Slowly she moved to the front of the car. "Bend over!" he ordered again. She bent forward, putting both her hands on the hood of the car which meant her ass was sticking out a bit. "Spread your legs," he hissed, and kicked her feet further apart. She could feel cool air under her skirt, on her pussy which was still wet from earlier.
"You were going 30km too fast," he said, puling up her skirt, exposing her ass. Taken by surprise she tried to stand up and stop this whole nonsense but with one swift move he pressed her shoulders right down onto the hood of her car. She couldn't believe this was happening. "Ah, no panties, huh?" he remarked, "naughty little slut." "Mmm.." she moaned a little. Damn, why did it turn her on so much being called a little slut? "So," he stated, " you were going 30km too fast. That will be 30 strokes, my dear." Whack. "Ouch!" she exclaimed, as his hand landed on her ass the first time. "What?" she was thinking, he was going to spank her? Over the hood of her car, by the side of the motorway with cars passing?? Oh my gosh... For some reason she found herself strangely excited by that thought. Whack. His hand came down hard on her ass, again and again. Whack. Whack. Her ass was getting red and started stinging. "Mmm.." she started to wince and wiggle a little, trying to escape the blows. Whack. "Stay still," he commanded, "you need to learn a lesson, dear." Whack. Oh, how embarrassing. She pictured what a sight she must have made, bent over the hood, her skirt pulled up, her naked ass exposed, being held down and spanked by a police officer! "What do you say, you naughty girl?" he demanded. "Thank you Sir, for teaching me a lesson," she managed to reply in between several more slaps. Whack. Whack. Suddenly his hand left her ass and she felt her legs being kicked further apart as his fingers found their way into her cunt. He slammed them in and out a couple of times and much to her embarrassment she could her sloppy noises... She heard him chuckle and felt the hand withdraw. Whack. Whack.
Suddenly the slaps stopped. Unsure what to do she waited in her position and didn't dare move. "Pull down your skirt immediately," he instructed, "or I'll have to give you a ticket for indecent exposure." He had to be kidding! She struggled off the hood and pulled her skirt down as instructed. Her butt was stinging and felt like it had just received a thousand strokes, not just thirty. Shyly she looked up at him, wishing he wasn't wearing those impenetrable sunglasses.
"Have a safe journey, Ma'am," he said as if nothing happened and handed her her driving license. "Eh...ah.. thank you Sir," she mumbled, blushing. She quickly got into her car and saw him briefly sniff his fingers that were in her cunt a minute ago. Oh how embarrassing! She watched him put his helmet on and start his bike. She waited until he pulled back onto the motorway before starting her engine. "I wonder what happens if I do 60km too fast," she giggled.



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jona


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





