BDSM Library - Humping




Humping
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Master humiliates his horny Sub by letting her get herself off on his foot like a bitch in heat 






Her hands are loosely tied behind her back. She is kneeling before Him, wearing just black panties, her tiny tits exposed. "When was the last time you came, slut?" He asked. "Last night, Sir", she replied quietly, avoiding His gaze. "Oh, is that so? Hmm... How did you cum?" This was embarrassing... She came when she masturbated, lying in bed with her legs spread wide, thinking of meeting Him here today. But how do you look someone in the eyes and tell him you made yourself cum thinking of him using you, degrading you? "Well, slut?" He demanded. "I... I was playing with my clit, Sir. I was lying on the bed naked, my legs spread wide for You....." She could feel that she was getting excited from telling Him about this. Such an intimate act, and she was forced to tell Him about every little detail. "I... I was imagining meeting You here today, Sir, and I was imagining having to recount to You everything I'm doing." "And this made you horny, little one?" He inquired. "Yes, Sir, that made me very horny, Sir", she replied, shifting a little, as she felt her pussy getting increasingly wet. "You seem to be getting a little uneasy, slut", he teased her. He seemed to enjoy doing that... He always gave a running commentary on how her body was reacting, and it embarrassed her so much and made her so horny at the same time. He put His right foot forward and pressed His toes right on her clit. She flinched and let out a little gasp, starting to breather harder immediately. "Continue", he ordered. "I was pressing my left hand against my clit while rubbing it from the right side with the middle finger of my right hand", she recounted, while He was rubbing her clit with His toes. She loved having to recount every tiny detail of her most intimate acts... That, together with His foot on her clit made her wetter by the second. She started moaning a little and gyrating her hips, trying to get more pressure on her clit. Immediately He laughed out loud and pulled His foot away. "Do you want to cum, you little whore?" He asked, still chuckling. She nodded her head in frustration, her mouth open, breathing hard. "Well, go on then," He teased her again, "go and make yourself cum for me." She looked at Him, nearly crying with frustration. How was she going to make herself cum with her hands tied behind her back, kneeling on the floor in front of Him? She looked around to see if she could find anything to help her but she couldn't see anything useful. "Hmm..." you don't want to cum after all?" He asked teasingly. "No, please, Sir, please, I do, please please...." she repeated. He laughed again. How she loved it when He laughed at her sexual frustration. How she loved it when He made it clear who was in charge and when He laughed at her humiliation. "You can't, can you now, little bitch? Horny and wet, permission to make yourself cum and you don't know how to", he laughed again. Her hips were gyrating faster and faster, she was moaning in frustration and close to tears. He put out His foot again, placing it just before her. "Well, you little slut, if you wanna cum, you'll make yourself cum, you've gotta work for it. There you go, feel free to use my foot, you dirty whore." Without hesitation she edged forward on her knees until His foot was right between her legs. She lowered her pussy onto His shoe and felt the pressure of the tip of His foot on her cunt through her soaked panties. "Mmm...." she moaned, moving into place to feel His foot on her clit. What a sight she must have made! He was leaning back in His chair, while she was rubbing her clit on His foot, her hands tied behind her back, her little tits bouncing up and down a little, loud moans of pleasure and humiliation escaping her lips now... "Look at you, you fucking slut!" He remarked," humping my leg like a bitch in heat. You should be ashamed of yourself, you little whore. Good girls don't do that, do they, huh." With every degrading word coming out of His mouth her orgasm edged a little closer. She looked right into His eyes, as He was smiling, obviously entertained by her humiliation, holding His foot completely still. What was she doing.. Humping His foot like a dog... Oh god, this thought turned her on so much, she was getting closer to cumming... "Ohh, Master, may i cum, please, may i cum for You Sir?" she begged. "You may, cum for Your Master, slut." Another two humps and she could feel her cunt starting to contract... She threw her head back for a second while she came before she forced herself to look right into His eyes again as the last waves were rippling though her. "Thank You sir," she said, as He removed His foot.



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jona


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





