BDSM Library - Colleague




Colleague
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Naughty submissive lets her colleague fuck her after work 






Monday night, 6.00pm. She rang his doorbell; still not sure this was a good idea. He was a former colleague, they'd recently started to chat online, a bit of banter, a bit of teasing, and there she was, ringing his doorbell. He opened immediately, grinning at her. "Nice flat," she said, as she slipped inside and heard the door shut behind her. "Drink?" he asked waving a bottle of rum as she sat down on the sofa. "Sure," she replied and before she knew it he sat down right beside her on the sofa, placing two glasses on the table in front of them. "So," he started, "you wanna get fucked good and hard tonight?" She smiled nervously, pretending to be innocent, and teasingly saying "But I'm a good girl, dear, I would never do such a thing!" As his fingers started to walk up and down her thigh he said "Well, you're gonna get it, whether you want it or not." "Oh yeah?" she asked, downing the rest of her drink. " "Hell yeah," he insisted, his hand now firmly gliding up the inside of her left thigh, making her gasp. She wasn't sure whether he would stop and was just teasing but the firm grip on her pussy was her answer. With a gasp she threw her head back a little and automatically opened her legs just a little bit wider. "You like that, bitch, don't you?" he asked, his hand still firmly between her legs. "Yeah," she whimpered, as his hand moved towards her zipper. Inside she was still struggling, not sure what to do, so she thought she at least needs to pretend she's fighting him. With a half-hearted attempt she tried pushing his hand away, but he was much stronger, and as the zipper came down she involuntarily thrust her hips forward, which made him chuckle. She was still struggling, trying to wriggle and push him away, but with one swift move he placed her left leg in between his legs, holding her legs wide open. At the same time his right hand slid inside her jeans and panties. Her cunt was soaking wet by now, and she knew he could feel this at that very moment. Not able to help her horniness she started moaning, fully aware of his fingers between her wet cunt lips with her legs held wide open. She let out a loud moan as two of his fingers slid into her wet cunt. Immediately she started thrusting her hips and greedily fucking his fingers. He was turned on by her obvious sluttiness and let out a little moan before leaning over to force a rough kiss onto her. "You're gonna cum for me, you little slut he hissed, whether you like it or not." Her left hand found its way to the hard bulge between his legs, rubbing it through his trousers. Not being able to resist, she undid his zipper and pulled out his hard cock, jacking him off immediately, while his fingers were still fucking her pussy. Moans were getting louder, breathing was getting harder, movements were getting faster. "Mmm, ... make me cum, you whore!" he ordered, while she was getting closer to cumming as well. His fingers were fucking her fast and hard, with firm pressure on her g-spot. 'I can't believe what a fucking slut I am,' she thought to herself, her legs open wide, a guy fingering her pussy, his hard cock in her hand. Her moans gave away that she was about to cum. He was pumping her pussy one last time, pushing her over the edge. "Mmmmm...ah," her cunt contracted hard on his fingers, again and again. Her hand never left his cock. She could feel him tense up, obviously turned on by her orgasm. A few more strokes and a moan escaped his lips. Just as he started to cum, he suddenly yanked her forward by her hair and forced her mouth onto his cock. Just as her lips closed around it she could feel wave after wave of hot cum shoot into her mouth. With his hands gripping her head and holding it firmly onto his cock she had no option but to swallow, and to swallow fast.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jona


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





