BDSM Library - Bethany\'s Bikini Clinic




Bethany\'s Bikini Clinic
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: An attractive and severe professional domme has interesting clients. 






Story: Bethany's Bikini Clinic

"Hello - I - I'd like - I'm uh, supposed to make an appointment there," stammered a male voice at the other end of the phone. 

Bethany knew from the shaken voice what she was to ask next. 

"What's the case number?" she asked. 

"C seven one sixty four X." 

Bethany smiled to herself. "What day do you want to make the appointment?" 

"I just want to get it over with." 

"I have an opening at 2:30 this afternoon." 

"Uh, yes - okay." 

"The appointment will require a half hour. Don't be late." 

Bethany entered the case number in the online database and retrieved the information she'd need. She knew from the first letter of the case number that she would administer a grade C, or severe, discipline session to the young man who called. She decided she'd give him two dozen paddle strokes followed by two dozen cane strokes. 

Bethany's clinic was one of several small outfits in the city which participated in administering court ordered discipline to repeat offenders. The experimental program was implemented with the goal of decreasing the jail population and decreasing the long term (and expensive) probation process. 

Bethany had quickly earned the trust of the overseers of the program. The undercover auditors weeded out the untrustworthy clinics by posing as offenders and offering money if they'd dispense with the actual discipline. Bethany consistently ushered them out the door and filed reports when this happened. 

Bethany does more than court-ordered discipline. She also administers discipline in role-play situations and has a steady clientele of subjects, both single and accompanied by their wives or girlfriends. 

Bethany loves all the sessions. She loves to discipline, and has an uncanny sense of knowing what is most effective, whether in a court ordered session or with her more consenting clientele. 

At 2:28 the buzzer indicated that the person who called that morning had arrived. She released the lock and let him in. A nervous male of about 28 sheepishly entered, and he came up to the counter. 

"Let me see your ID," Bethany instructed. He showed her that he really was the one who made the appointment and not a stand-in. She pressed a couple of controls under the counter which started three hidden video cameras in the discipline room. "Okay, come this way," she said, and led him to a separate room. The purpose of the room was immediately obvious. One wall was adorned with various instruments of correction: paddles, straps, canes, and various sizes of enema bags. A small cart held some other equipment: disposable gloves, thermometers, lubricant, antiseptic. The most imposing characteristic of the discipline room was a heavy padded structure in the center. There was no doubt that its purpose was to hold a recipient bound in place for punishment. 

"I want you to strip completely. Put your clothes on that chair. I'll be back in a few minutes." Then she left him alone. 

His heart pounded as he realized there was no escape from the consequences of something very foolish he had done months ago. He nervously took off all his clothes and stood awkwardly in the room while he waited for Bethany to return. 

He heard a noise, and his eyes widened when Bethany entered the room. She had changed clothes, and was dressed in a bikini bathing suit and fashion boots. She was more imposing with the visual dissonance created by her outfit - a blend of sensual beauty and authority. 

The young man gazed at Bethany from top to bottom. Her long straight brown hair, her eyeglasses, her country-girl look, and trim figure. Her bikini-clad hips, firm slender thighs, and dark fashion boots. 

Bethany walked over to the punishment bench. "Come over here now, and lean over. I'm going to bind you in place." 

With an anxious look on his face, he did her bidding. An audible sigh escaped from him as he bent over the structure. He knew that once bound into place, there would be no escape. Bethany's touch almost comforted him as she gently grasped one hand and attached a binding strap around his wrist; then, the other one. She cinched a wide binding strap around his waist, holding his bared bottom in place for what was to come. Then came the binding straps just above his knees. 

Bethany smiled when her captive male clenched his bottom cheeks several times. She sprayed antiseptic solution on his bottom and wiped it off. The clip-clop of her boots reverberated through the room as she walked over to the collection of punishment instruments hanging on the wall and picked up a Spencer paddle. She stood where he could see her. 

"You know that your punishment today will be severe. I'm going to give you twenty four swats with this paddle, followed by twenty four strokes with a rattan cane. I will present them in sets of six, with a short break between sets. I will begin now." 

The long-haired bespectacled Bethany got in position to administer. She extended her arm and lightly touched the paddle on both nether cheeks of the bound male. Then with her gaze fixed on the soon to be reddened bare bottom, she brought the paddle back, pressed her lips together, and slammed the paddle into her target, kicking her right foot as it struck. 

"ONE!" she shouted. 

The male drew in his breath. 

The next swat struck a little lower than the first one. Again, Bethany kicked her right leg as she propelled the paddle into the bound and captive nether cheeks of her charge. 

"TWO!" 

"AAAAAH!" he shouted. 

Scarcely two to three seconds later, the third swat landed. 

"THREE!" 

"OWWWW!" 

Smack! "FOUR!" 

"OH! AH!" 

Smack! "FIVE!" 

"OOH!" The captive male kicked his legs. 

Smack! "SIX!" 

"AHHHHH!" 

The only sound in the room was the heavy breathing of the bound male. Bethany waited exactly one minute, and then resumed the paddling. 

Smack! "SEVEN!" "NO!" 

Smack! "EIGHT!" "OH GOD!" 

Smack! "NINE!" "OW! PLEASE!" 

Smack! "TEN!" "AHHH!" 

Smack! "ELEVEN!" "GAAA!" 

Smack! "TWELVE!" "OWWWW! OWWW!" 

The male furiously kicked his legs with each swat. 

Bethany, after a short pause, administered the next two sets as she had the first - hard. Each swat evoked ever-louder cries of distress as the relentless blazing kiss of the paddle visited the reddening bared bottom of Bethany's target. 

Bethany took a longer break as she hung the paddle on the wall and fetched the straight handled rattan cane. She swished it through the air constantly as she clip-clopped around the room. 

"It's time for me to give you the cane now," Bethany said sweetly as she took her position. "Twenty four strokes, in sets of six. Remember, it's severe." 

The male flinched when Bethany lightly touched the cane to his already paddled bottom. She drew back the cane and whipped it across the upper part of his bottom. 

"OH!" He yelled. 

"ONE!" Bethany counted. 

Scarcely two seconds later the second stroke landed just below the first. 

"AAAAAH!" he yelled and attempted to twist. 

"TWO!" 

Bethany continued to walk the strokes down his bottom, and when she had given six, the top half of the male's nether cheeks had visible striations. After a one minute pause, she gave him the second set, striating the lower half of his bottom to the accompaniment of spirited shouts of distress. 

The third and fourth sets evoked sincere pleas for Bethany to stop. She, however, dispensed the strokes as she always had, dispassionately and with uncanny accuracy. She placed the strokes from the final two sets so that they intersected the previous striations, increasing the effect of the punishment. 

Bethany released the male's bindings, and told him to get dressed. She left him alone in the punishment room and shut off the video recorders. A few minutes later he quietly and gingerly left the clinic. 

She changed back into her street clothes and waited for her next clients. She knew she was going to enjoy the next session. 

Twenty minutes later a couple walked in. She was a willowy blonde with a sweet smile and long hair. The male, Dan, was obviously on the submissive side. Bethany had learned from previous sessions that the female, Tasha, said very little, if anything, during the sessions. She liked to watch Dan be humiliated and punished. It must have been worth it to both of them, since they keep coming back. Bethany could only imagine what their sex was like afterward. 

"Good afternoon, Dan and Tasha. Go ahead and wait for me in the discipline room. And Dan, I want you to get completely undressed and stand by the punishment bench." 

The clients went into the adjoining room. Bethany locked the front door, started the video cameras, quickly changed into her bikini and boots outfit, and gracefully entered the discipline room. Tasha was seated behind the punishment bench where she would have a good view of Dan's bare bottom as stroke after stroke of the punishment instrument makes contact. 

Bethany stood in front of Dan and folded her arms. "How did Tasha prepare you for today, Dan?" 

"She - she gave me some enemas." 

"Some?! how many, and what kind?" 

"Uh, three enemas. The first one was soapy, and it was two and a half quarts. The others were three quart rinsing enemas." 

"Ooooh, she gave you some good enemas. Did you take them well?" 

Dan looked down. "No, ma'am." 

"Oh? Tell me more." 

"She - she said I complained too much. I was really full, though, and I tried to take them well." 

"Oh my gosh. You deserve to be punished for complaining about enemas that Miss Tasha gives you!" 

"Yes ma'am," he whispered. 

"How are you to be punished today?" 

Dan sighed heavily. "Thirty five with the paddle, and ten with the cane!" 

"You're going to have a very sore bottom! You know I paddle hard, don't you?" 

"Yes ma'am," he replied shakily. 

"Anything else?" 

"She - she had me shave around my - my back way so that you can take me with a strap-on." 

"A strap-on! I happen to be in the mood to use one. And I'm going to use it good!" 

She paused for effect. "Well, Dan, I want you to bend over the punishment box. I will then bind you in place for your richly deserved discipline." 

Dan bent over the structure, and Tasha removed her panties. Bethany smiled at her, and then bound Dan's wrists and waist. She retrieved a paddle and took her place. Tasha placed one hand under her dress, and slowly stroked herself. Bethany took aim, and slammed the paddle across both nether cheeks of the bound male. 

Wham! 

"AAAAAAUH!" 

A few seconds later, another swat. Wham! 

"OHH!" 

By the fifth swat Dan kicked his legs each time the paddle landed. The buildup of painful sensation on the bared bottom of the captive male always had him believing that he could not endure any more. But endure he did, as he had no choice. By the tenth swat, Dan begged her to stop. Bethany kept on. 

Both women enjoyed seeing Dan frantically kick and twist with each subsequent swat. His shouts served as a testament to Bethany's skill at wielding the paddle. By the twentieth hot swat, Tasha had come to orgasm. When the count had reached thirty two, she again climaxed. 

Finally Bethany delivered the final paddle stroke. 

Wham! "Thirty five!" "AAAAAAAAUGH!" 

She allowed five minutes for Dan to recover and get ready for his caning. As she walked around the room the clip-clop sound of her boots conveyed her authority over the captive male. After the five minute wait, she picked up a thin, whippy, straight handled rattan instrument and vigorously whisked it through the air several times. 

"Please, no more!" Dan implored. "Please!" 

Bethany took her position with one hand on her hip. Tasha again placed her hand under her dress and began to stimulate herself. The whippy cane strokes had the predicted effect. As the far tip of the cane slightly curled to complete the stroke, it raised a weal not only on the buttocks, but also on the more tender skin to the side. Bethany spaced the strokes about ten seconds apart. Dan shouted, furiously kicked, and begged. Tasha climaxed hard when the tenth stroke landed. 

When the caning was finished, Dan's entire bottom was a reddened area with cane lines across it. 

"Now, young man," Bethany said, "I will get my strap-on and fuck you silly!" She stood in front of Dan and removed her bikini bottom. Then she stepped into the leather harness and attached the gel probe. 

"I haven't used this in a while," she said as she tightened the harness. "I hope I can remember how." 

Tasha giggled. 

She pulled on a disposable glove and then went behind Dan. She spread his nether cheeks with one hand and inspected his shaving there. "Not bad," she remarked. "That little hole of yours is just begging for Bethany's cock!" 

She gave him several servings of lubricant with her gloved finger, and then applied a thick coating to her strap-on probe. Then she got in position to give it to him. She bent her knees slightly, spread his nether cheeks with both hands, and placed the tip of her probe against Dan's entrance. 

"Don't tighten up, or it'll hurt. Relax back there." 

After a few seconds she pushed in a couple of inches. 

"UNHHHH!" Dan exclaimed. 

A short pause there, and she continued to drive the probe inside Dan, a little at a time, until she was all the way in. 

"Uh! Ah! Oh!" 

Both women giggled. 

"Now, all the way out," Bethany cooed as she pulled back until only the tip of her probe was in Dan. "And ALL the way IN!" she exclaimed, and pushed in to the hilt. 

"AAAAAAH!" 

"Now out... and IN!" 

"Uh-UHHHHH!" 

Bethany kept up her in-out narrative as she increased both the speed and the intensity of her thrusts. Dan reacted predictably, and gave louder shouts when the Bethany thrust inward. 

The fucking went on and on, and Tasha treated herself to orgasm after orgasm as she watched her submissive boyfriend being taken in the tail end with a strap-on. Dan's struggle to take what Bethany gave him aroused both women, and after a prolonged fucking, Bethany surrendered to her own orgasm. Her face flushed from her arousal, she closed her eyes tightly, pressed her lips together, and pounded Dan while uttering close-mouthed moans of pleasure. 

Bethany released Dan's restraints. Tasha put her panties on as Dan got dressed and Bethany stepped out of her strap-on harness. 

Tasha said nothing, but her eyes conveyed to Bethany that she and Dan were headed for the bedroom and would likely spend the rest of that day and night steeped in pleasure. She handed Tasha a sealed envelope and the couple left. 

This one will be fun to watch in bed, Bethany said to herself as she shut off the video cameras and transferred the day's sessions to disc. She surmised that Tasha had a very sweet pussy, and wondered how many times she would let Dan cum inside her that night. 

As she prepared to leave the clinic, the phone rang again and she decided to answer it. A shy, soft female voice quavered, "Bethany. It's Elisa. Can you? Today?" 

Although Bethany had taken care of the video transfers and was preparing to leave, her inner voice told her that she should not miss this one. Also, she always liked the scripts that Elisa came up with. 

"Okay. Give me a half hour to set up." 

Elisa whispered, "Okay," and hung up. A moment later Elisa's script emerged on Bethany's fax machine. 

"I always get the weird ones," Bethany thought to herself. "But this one I can't help getting turned on about. Plus, I'm not likely to get much sleep tonight. My boyfriend's going to want to fuck me all night after seeing today's videos." She set up the hidden video cameras and made sure that one of them would get a full frame view of Elisa's bare bottom as she whipped. Then she studied Elisa's script. 

Before Elisa arrived, Bethany stepped out of her bikini and put on black pumps. She admired herself in the mirror and waited for her appointment. 

A minute later, a slender, nervous female walked in. Her straight brown hair hung down, and her white blouse and black skirt gave the appearance of regulation clothing. Her bare legs were made all the more noticeable by her white socks and sneakers. She carried a long thin package wrapped in newspaper. 

"It's about time you got here, young lady!" Bethany scolded. "Get yourself into the punishment room right now. I want you facing the punishment bench, bare-bottomed, and your skirt hiked up!" 

"Yea ma'am," Elisa squeaked, and hurried to do her mistress' bidding. 

Bethany quickly started the several hidden video cameras, locked the outside doors, and regally strolled into the punishment room. She picked up one of the crepe myrtle switches Elisa had brought, and felt her womanhood tingle. The ample switch had been perfectly prepared, and felt good in her hand. She walked around so that she was behind Elisa. The fearful young lady's hips touched the punishment bench. Her legs were together, and her hands held her skirt so that her bottom was bare. 

Bethany whipped the switch through the air several times and saw Elisa visibly shudder. 

"Young lady," Bethany ordered, "bend over the punishment bench. Keep your skirt above your waist, and don't get out of position. You have earned a very severe session today." 

Elisa instantly bent over. Bethany regarded the pale bared bottom and thighs which would soon be heavily striated with the switch. She tapped the switch several times on Elisa's pale nether cheeks, and then gave a hearty swipe. 

Elisa gasped and tightened her leg muscles for an instant. Bethany gave another swipe, and Elisa silently jerked her head up and settled back down. The third swipe was considerably harder, and a soft whimper escaped from Elisa's mouth. Elisa kicked one leg upon feeling the hot striations from the next few switch strokes. 

"Stop kicking!" Bethany ordered. 

"Yes ma'am," Elisa replied in a choked, high pitched voice. 

Bethany continued to switch Elisa's bare bottom, and the slender recipient twisted and writhed. Her whimpers became open-mouthed shouts. She stayed in position, though, while her legs trembled and her upper body twisted. 

Bethany casually tore off the frayed end of the switch, and resumed, faster and harder. She directed some of her attention to Elisa's thighs. 

"OH! AH! MISTRESS! UHH! OH-MISTRESS!" Elisa shouted, and could not keep from kicking her legs. 

"I told you not to kick! Stand up and take all your clothes off!" 

Elisa wiggled her bottom as she removed all her clothing. Bethany retrieved a fresh switch and pointed to an area of the room with ample floor space. 

"Get over here, facing that wall. Okay. Now get your feet apart. Yes, like that. Put your knees together and point your toes inward." 

When Elisa was in the mandated pigeon-toed pose, Bethany told her to bend over with her hands on her knees and her back horizontal. In that provocative position, Elisa's bottom stuck out as if asking for attention. 

"I'm going to use this switch on you until it's well worn. If you get out of position, I'll use the third switch on you until there's nothing left of it!" 

"Oh, Mistress!" Elisa quavered. 

Bethany's womanhood was abundantly creamy, her arousal high. With wide eyes, she focused on the switch-streaked bared bottom of her charge, and with a determined expression on her face, commenced part two of Elisa's very severe discipline. With vigorous strokes, she whipped Elisa's bottom and thighs with fast-paced strokes. 

Elisa freely voiced her reaction to the unbearable strokes of the switch, interspersing her shouts with "OH, MISTRESS! OH, MISTRESS!" She writhed and twisted, and held her position amazingly well until the switch strokes proved too much for her. Although she kept her knees together and feet apart, she kicked her legs, alternating right and left, giving Bethany a provocative view of the dance of the switch. 

"AAAH! MISTRESS!" Elisa shouted as she stood up and hopped up and down. 

Bethany put down the frayed switch and scolded, "I wanted you to stay in position! Now you're going to have to be bound in place." 

"Oh, mistress, please!" Elisa pleaded. 

Bethany's voice almost quavered from he arousal. "Get over there and bend over the punishment bench! Put your arms straight out!" 

Elisa whimpered as she assumed the bent over position. Bethany, nude but for her pumps and aroused almost to a dripping state, cinched a binding strap around the girl's waist. Then she secured her charge's wrists and ankles in place, and picked up the third switch. 

"This is what happens to naughty girls who don't take their punishment as they should," Bethany mock-scolded. Then she applied the third switch like she meant business. Every two or three seconds she whipped the switch across Elisa's bare bottom, sometimes striking the woman's thighs. From the start, Elisa freely shouted with each stroke, and frequently exclaimed "Mistress!" between shouts. 

Bethany knew that she was giving very severe discipline, and was tempted to stop amid Elisa's sincere and fervent pleading. She also knew that if she did stop without fulfilling the script, Elisa would never come back for another session. After a minute or so, Bethany spread her legs apart and continued to whip. When the switch was too frayed to continue, several drops of Bethany's natural cream had trickled down her thighs or dripped on the floor. 

"There, you naughty girl, I hope you've learned your lesson," Bethany said. She walked over to the bound girl and inserted a finger in Elisa's pussy. It slipped easily inside the bound girl's abundantly lubricated womanhood. "Oh, a nasty girl! You've got a creamy pussy from the whipping. I'll have to teach you a lesson for this next time." 

"Please mistress," Elisa panted. "Fuck me! Fuck me with a strap-on! Mistress, please!" 

"No. You got out of position, you naughty girl. If you had stayed in position, I'd do that for you. You've got to learn some self-discipline." 

She released the bound girl's restraints and told her she could leave. Elisa hurriedly gathered her things and left the punishment room. A moment later, Bethany walked to the outer office and retrieved the sealed envelope that Elisa left for her, put on her clothes, transferred the session to disc, and hurried home. 

"I can't wait to get started," Bethany panted when she got in the door of her house. Her boyfriend was on the bed of their playroom, completely naked. His boner stood at attention. "I'm too aroused to eat. Let's play a little first." 

Bethany inserted discs in the three players which would display concurrently on the two sets of three large screens. There were three screens on the ceiling, and three screens on the wall at floor level. Since the bed was in the center of the room, each person could view the videos while engaged in sex play. 

She started the discs playing. The screens came alive with three different views of the first session of that day. Bethany heard her own voice telling the male to get undressed. 

She threw off her clothes and got on the bed. She spread her slender legs and her boyfriend impatiently entered her. 

"Easy now," she said. "It gets better." The paddling of the male played on the screens. The loud WHACK of the paddle striking bare skin filled the room, as did the bewildered exclamations of the male receiving them. The image of Bethany in her bikini and boots wielding the paddle appeared on one of the screens on each set. Bethany's boyfriend tried to go slowly. Her creamy pussy had readily accepted his full length, and the stimulation of his thrusting felt good. 

A few moments later the caning of the bound male appeared on the screen. The images of Bethany administering, along with the other images of the red streaks appearing on the male's reddened bottom, and those of his facial expressions, sent her boyfriend over the edge. "Oh God," he cried out as he began to spurt in Bethany's hot pussy. She closed her eyes and reveled in the feeling of her boyfriend's frenzied thrusting. The feeling in her pussy got stronger, and as he drained the last of his pent-up arousal inside her, she arched her back and climaxed. Her boyfriend held on as she moaned freely and pumped wildly. 

"Oh, Bethany, that was hot! I love those severe ones." 

She giggled and puckered her lips. After a few kisses she said, "Let's get something to eat now. The other sessions are even hotter." 

A couple of hours later they were back home and eager to watch the other sessions in bed. They hurriedly shed their clothes. Bethany got on the bed, spread her legs, and pointed to her pussy. Her boyfriend knew that she wanted him to satisfy her orally before anything else. Although he was impatient to see the other sessions, he took it slowly and kissed and licked her tasty and aroused womanhood until she convulsed in orgasm. 

She switched on the videos of the session with Tasha and Dan. As the preliminary humiliation of Dan talking about his enemas from Tasha, and having to tell Bethany how Tasha wanted her to punish him reverberated through the room, Bethany's womanhood accepted the hard and erect cock that her boyfriend eagerly thrust inside. 

He pumped slowly as the video played back Dan's severe paddling and the start of his caning. He was near the finish line as they watched the cane whisk through the air and strike Dan's bare bottom. When the eighth stroke hit, Bethany's pussy got a fresh serving from her boyfriend. He stayed inside her as the footage from the strap-on scene played on. 

A short while later, Bethany set up the playback of Elisa's session. It showed her entering the punishment room, placing the bundle of switches on a table, stepping out of her panties, and hiking up her skirt. Elisa placed her hand on her exposed pussy and stroked it for a moment before taking her position at the punishment bench. Her tender bare bottom and pale, willowy legs were in sharp contrast to her black skirt. Her socks and sneakers gave her a sexy look. Then, nude except for her pumps, Bethany walked in and grasped a switch. 

Bethany paused the playback. "I'm really tired and have got to get some sleep. We can come back to this later." The paused images remained on the screens, and Bethany quickly went to sleep in her boyfriend's arms, knowing that she'd be awakened several times during the night with her boyfriend's hard cock inside her and the sounds of the replayed session. Those nocturnal episodes were all the more sensual to Bethany, since, in the dreamy state between sleep and wakefulness, she experienced the sessions anew. In her bed with a hard cock pumping inside her, she often let herself go and experienced orgasm after orgasm in a way that she couldn't in a more alert state. 

That night, as the scenes of Elisa's very severe switchings played out, Bethany awoke in various positions -- on her tummy, on her back, on one side -- with her boyfriend's cock thrusting in and out. She dreamily moaned, first with arousal, later in orgasm as she heard the sound of the switch repeatedly swipe across Elisa's bottom and thighs, and her charge's shouts of distress. Bethany's boyfriend, of course, raptly watched and listened while plunging inside her, and gave her a fresh serving of creamy ejaculate. 

After a long sleep extending to mid-morning, Bethany had a thought. She told her boyfriend that it was her turn to have some fun that night after work. She took the video discs with her so that he would not watch any of them before she got home. 

During the idle moments at her bikini clinic, she formulated her plan. When she got home from the clinic that day, she got started right away on her fun night. It began with her giving her boyfriend three enemas -- a two-quart sudsy solution followed by two rinsing enemas of three quarts each. She stroked herself to orgasm twice while watching her boyfriend struggle with retaining the enemas. 

Bethany then tied her boyfriend's hands to a spreader bar and arranged two pillows on the bed. She stepped into a strap-on harness and motioned for him to lie face down with the pillows raising his hips. With a broad smile on her face, she started the videos of her favorite sessions. 

She entered her boyfriend. As the sessions played, she pumped relentlessly and deliberately. The probe snaked in and out of her boyfriend and his exclamations sometimes filled the room as much as those of the participants in the video, and her arousal steadily increased. Just before cresting, she let herself lie forward until she was prone on top of him. Amid her boyfriend's raucous groans, she pumped hard throughout her orgasm. 

They rested a few minutes, and Bethany again had him assume the position for receiving her probe. Her arousal from being dominant was almost as strong as her arousal from the stimulation from wielding her strap-on. The replay on the screen from her favorite and severe sessions stimulated both of them, and as she lustily pounded his ass with the probe, he begged for relief -- both from her strap-on and sexual relief. He knew her answer as her hands tightly gripped his hips and she kept pumping. As the night went on, Bethany pumped her boyfriend with the strap-on for a longer time before subsequent orgasms. He knew that his begging her to stop had no effect, and that she was going to continue to pump his already sore ass with it until she decided to stop. He lay there in submissive surrender while Bethany repeatedly had her way with him. 

At long last, she had enough, and removed the strap-on and his bindings. She had him suck her pussy to orgasm, and then mounted him. As he savored the sweet caress of her womanhood, his insides still throbbed from her strap-on domination. With slow and deliberate thrusts, he worked up to a massive and wrenching ejaculation. He cried out and his aroused cock pulsed and throbbed inside her as it spurted hot jets of semen into her welcoming pussy. Her lithe body, gleaming eyes, and country-girl smile consistently evoked every last drop of his reserve. 

As they cuddled half an hour later, Bethany was still aroused from her dominant romp. She had brought her boyfriend to an erect state again, and was delighted to hear his breathing pick up. A little more sensuous touching, and he entered her. 

Her eyes twinkled, and she said, "I think it's time you had a session at the clinic." 

"Oh god," he replied, recalling the other times she had him over there. The sessions were extremely grueling, and at the same time rewarding. 

"I'd wear nothing except my boots," she continued. "You'd get a series of enemas, just like today. After that, it's across my lap for the hairbrush. Naughty boys get a long, hard, hairbrush spanking. A hundred and fifty swats for you!" She felt his cock harden inside her. 

"Bethany," he hoarsely whispered. 

"And you'd better not leak, or you'll get the cane," she continued. 

He always seeped when she gave him over-the-knee paddlings. The sweet surrender to her dominant side, plus the way she tickle-touched his nuts during the paddling assured that he always leaked pre-cum. 

"Naughty boys who leak on their Mistress' legs get punished severely. They get tied to the punishment bench for a good caning. After that, they get a good fucking with a strap-on." 

Bethany giggled when she noticed his thrusting become faster and harder. 

She said no more. She let her boyfriend's imagination stimulate him further, and in a few moments he spurted wildly. 

----- This story is copyright 2005 by (rick_oh at onolanke.router5.com). All rights reserved. No reposting without permission. Please see my other stories at http://www.asstr.org/~rick_oh/



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Rick_oh


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





