BDSM Library - Linda




Linda
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: the result of being seen...when someone really shouldnt be 






Josh couldn&#8217;t believe his luck. He had been looking through his telescope as he did every night. Not looking at the stars, but watching the local neighbourhood, trying to spot people who had failed to close their curtains, and then got undressed, thinking they were doing so unseen.

But what he saw that night warmed his blood, and almost immediately, a plan came to his mind. Okay, she was his cousin, but he didn&#8217;t care. What he had seen had given him enough to be able to get what he wanted, his cock in her pussy. And she would do so willingly, though she would hate him for it.

He had pointed the telescope towards the park, as there was often something going on there late at night. But this time he had seen Linda. And Bobby. She was laying on her back, and Bobby was clearly fucking her.

Her mother, Aunt Alice, would kill her and Bobby if she had known what had happened. Bobby Evans was scum. He belonged to a family of local villains, and Linda had been told specifically to stay away from them. Instead, she was meeting Bobby late at night, and letting him fuck her.

All he needed now, was a way to use it against her. and he knew how to do that.

Using the telescope to take a photograph which clearly showed who they were, and what they were doing, Josh transferred it to his computer. Quickly he secured a new email address using a fictitious name. He began to put his plan in motion.

Linda, at eighteen. Was a year younger than Josh, but had developed into a good looking girl. She drew looks wherever she went, always wearing tight short dresses, and heels. The dresses showed off her figure nicely, and Josh had often imagined her in his bed. 

And now his time would come. Had they done it on the next park bench, Josh may not have seen it, but the park lamps had helped, allowing him to see everything clearly.

Using the new email address, Josh wrote his letter, and included the picture that showed Linda with her head back, her eyes closed, and her mouth open, while Bobby&#8217;s face showed clearly he was ball deep in her, and shooting his load deep into her pussy.

That would get her attention, and the threat of sending this picture, plus others, to her mother, should be enough to get her where he wanted her. He knew she would not be allowed to see him, until it was too late, so he included in his instructions to her that there would be a blindfold on the bench, and she should put it on, or he would not appear, and her mother would have the pictures within an hour.

All he could do now, was wait and see if she was worried enough to obey.


Linda read the email three times, not believing what she was reading. The picture could not be denied, it clearly showed her in the throes of orgasm, as Bobby Evans had cum deep inside her. How this picture could have been taken she had no idea, but that it had, was cause for great concern.

If her mother saw it, Linda would be thrown out on the streets without&nbsp; question. She hated the Evan&#8217;s with a vengeance, and to see her own daughter having sex with one of them, would be too much. And Linda knew that Bobby would not help her. he had been a one off, but one she now wished had never happened. But you cant undo what was clearly documented.

The email told her to go to the park at nine the next night, and to go to the same bench. There would be a blindfold on the seat, and she was to put this on. Someone would come from behind her and tie her hands behind her back, and she would then do as they asked, or her mother would get the picture. She knew her mother could never see that. It would ruin everything, and leave her homeless.

She tried to search for a profile on the sender, but the profile came up blank. They hadn&#8217;t filled one in deliberately so she could get no clues to the sender.

But Linda also knew that if she complied with the email, what would happen. But what choice did she have?.

Her parents were wealthy, and Linda had never needed to work. If she was thrown out, she would lose everything. 

Whoever sent the email knew what they were doing. They had really left her no choice at all. She had to comply and hope for the best.

She had considered getting to the park early, to see who was putting the blindfold on the bench, but they knew her, and she didn&#8217;t know who she was looking for, and if they saw her there, they may cancel, and send the picture. It was a risk she could not take.

It was almost nine when Linda entered the park, leaving her a few minutes to get to the bench she had used the other night with Bobby. The difference was that the previous time she had done so voluntarily, and had known Bobby. Tonight, she would not know. And that frightened her.

Approaching the bench she could see the blindfold already lying there, with a note telling her to put it on. Linda had no choice, as she reluctantly lifted the blindfold, and slowly brought it down over her eyes. To her surprise, she could see absolutely nothing. Her world had turned pitch black in an instant.

Linda could hear footsteps behind her, and someone grabbed her arms and pulled them backwards. Even before she could react, a loop of rope was passed over both wrists, and pulled tight, as the person then continued to secure them.

Now blindfolded and tied, she knew she was helpless. If she were to get up and run, she would not know where she was running to, and whoever it was would catch her easily.

Someone sat down beside her, and seconds later a hand touched her stomach, before slowly moving up and caressing one breast.

She tried to pull away from it, but there was nowhere to go, as the hand moved from one breast to the other, gently squeezing it.

A second hand fell on her thigh, stroking her leg over the thin material of the dress. Long strokes that went from knee to the top of her thigh, but the intention was unmistakable. After a few minutes the hand moved from the knee back up, but this time, under her dress, moving slowly but inevitably towards her crotch. She tried to close her legs tighter, but the hand on her breast began to squeeze.

Although her assailant was saying nothing, his actions were speaking volumes. As he squeezed her breast tighter, Linda released her knees, allowing the hand to stroke where it wanted. As she did so, the pressure on her breast stopped.

The first touch was electric. She had been instructed not to wear underwear, and as the hand first touched her naked pussy, she tried to pull back from it, but with nowhere to go.

Fingers stroked up and down her pussy lips. But not yet entering her. she knew, though, that it would happen soon, and she was powerless to stop it.


Josh grinned to himself as his hand moved under her dress. He could feel her legs close, but a little extra pressure on Linda&#8217;s tit soon opened her legs again. As he touched her for the first time, he could feel the dampness in her pussy. Whether it was not knowing who it was, or whether it was fear, he didn&#8217;t know, but what ever it was, she was getting wet already. He could feel his cock getting hard in his trousers, but it would wait a few more minutes to claim its prize.

The two cousins had not spoken fort over ten years, and Josh was convinced she would no recognise his voice, as he whispered in her ear that if she tried to escape, or refused him what he wanted, her mother would get over fifty pictures of her and Bobby Evans.

Asher legs opened a little further, Josh pushed the bottom of her dress up, freeing her crotch for his fingers. he pressed one finger into Linda. And watched as she began to squirm on the seat, but making no effort to escape. He knew she was his for the taking, but he was in no hurry.

Pressing a second finger into her pussy, Josh began to finger fuck her, driving them slowly bu deeply inside her hot warm cunt. The more he did so, the wetter she got, until he could hear her gasping for breath. He knew then that she was ready for him, and slowly began to unzip his jeans, his cock springing to life through the opening.

It was about to happen, and Josh felt harder than he ever had before.

]********************************************************************

Linda couldn&#8217;t understand what was happening to her body. Was it the blindfold, the inability ro move? The not knowing who it was? Whatever it was. She was feeling even more turned on than she had the night Bobby Evans had fucked her in the same place in the park.

The voice had a familiarity about it, but she couldn&#8217;t remember where or when she had heard it before, but it didn&#8217;t matter. It wasn&#8217;t the voice, it was what her body was doing to her.

Even as she felt the guy get off the bench and move between her legs, pushing her dress up to expose her naked pussy to the night, she found herself lifting her hips so he could push it back under her arse.

Seconds later the man was kneeling between her legs, and she knew what was coming. As the man&#8217;s cock touched her, she felt herself orgasm. She had never done that before, orgasm without having had sex. Then she felt it slowly enter her, filling her pussy as it pressed deeper.

The man didn&#8217;t really know what he was doing, and she quickly adjusted her hips to help him get it deep inside her,&nbsp; as the guy started to move. Either he was a virgin, or he was nervous, as he didn&#8217;t move smoothly in and out of her. she found herself using her own hips to control him, lifting to meet his thrusts as he began to fuck her. 

She knew that whoever it was, was not going to last long, and could hear his breathing quicken, the first sign that he would come in her without realising he was coming. Linda didn&#8217;t care, she just wanted more of him, more of his cock, and she wanted his seed deep inside her.

Josh obliged, though not necessarily out of choice. His hips were pounding towards Linda;s when, without warning, a sudden hot flush ran through his body, and he felt his cock jerking. Seconds later. The white cum he normally saw in his hands, was filling his cousin.

Linda tried her best to hold him inside her as she felt him shoot, trying to milk him dry, but without the use of her hands, she could not physically pull him into her. within seconds of coming, Josh&#8217;s cock was already slipping out of her, his job done. But Linda wanted more, much more. She needed more to get her to orgasm. 

Linda begged him to release her hands, promising not to run or remove the blindfold. Why Josh did it he would never know, but he untied her hands, and watched in amazement as her hands went between her legs, her fingers playing with her pussy and clit, bringing the orgasm she had so far been denied.

With a loud gasp. Linda&#8217;s whole body shook, her fingers working fast on her clit, as she finally reached the orgasm she so needed.

Josh had moved behind her soshe would not see him if she removed the blindfold, but even as the orgasm subsided, and she began to relax, she made no attempt to break her promise. In one way, she didn&#8217;t want to know who it was, even though she did.

Josh looked at his cousin and knew he wanted more of her in the future.

Standing behind her he whispered in her ear that she was going to have to meet him every Friday night, or the pictures would end up in her mothers hands.

Linda weighed up what was being said, and nodded her head. She no longer cared about the pictures, but she had now got herself a regular shag, and there would be no need to drag the Bobby&#8217;s of the world into the park to satisfy her.

As she heard the footsteps walking away from her she called out that she would be there, Friday, blindfolded and waiting.

Linda didn&#8217;t want to know who it was, maybe that knowledge would spoil it for her.

And Josh left the park, smiling. He could hardly wait until Friday night now.



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Excalibur


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





