BDSM Library - She had decided things were going to change...........




She had decided things were going to change...........
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Wife decides its time She take control of Her lazy husband and teach him a lesson in respect. 






She had decided things were going to change...........
She came home to find the house once again wasn't tidy, Her husband had been home all day and not made much of an effort to do any of the housework. Without a word She decided things were going to change around the house and in their marriage, things She would enjoy and benefit from and he would learn to live with, Oh he'll have some enjoyment, She thought, but he's going to have to work very hard for every scrap of it.
She smiled to Herself as the plan hatched in Her mind and how easily he'd fall in to Her trap, he enjoyed sex, he enjoyed bondage, he enjoyed being controlled by Her in the bedroom, lets see how much he enjoys being controlled all the time, She thought with a grin.
She hadn't said a word that night but when She arrived at work She sent him a txt, &gt;Cage on today Bitch and tidy&lt; lets see how easy this is She giggled to Herself. She send short emails and txt's during the day to make sure he would be aroused and expecting sex that night but nothing that exactly said he would be getting any, the last txt She sent as She was on Her way home simply said &gt;make sure My Boots are clean&lt; She knew just the txt would put him in agony let alone getting them out and having to clean them, She hadn't told him which one's to clean either so he would fail this task unless he had cleaned every pair She owned which She very much doubted. She arrived home and kissed him, Her hand rubbed his cock to make sure he was indeed locked up and to further arouse him and make him uncomfortable. "take My coat and hang it up" She said standing with Her back to him and he did as he was asked with a smile, She smiled at how easy this was going to be. She sat down on the sofa and called up to him to fetch Her coffee that She'd seen in the kitchen waiting for Her but had no intention of carrying Herself tonight, he ran down and got it for Her, She pointed to the table and he set it down there for Her. She lifted a foot and looked at him with a smile, he knelt down to remove Her boots with a wide grin as he loved doing this for Her, "do My feet smell?" She asked, he put his nose to Her toes and took a long deep breath, "no not really" he replied smiling, the blood flow to his caged cock was increasing by the second. She looked at Her coffee cup on the table and guessing what She was implying he quickly handed it to Her while still on his knees at Her feet, She took the offered cup, smiled at him and placed one foot gently on his caged cock and offered him the other, "give them a rub will you they ache a bit". he took the offered foot, removed the sock to give it a good massage while She closed Her eyes and sipped at the coffee. he finished the first foot and did the same to the other, careful not to tickle them as he knew She hated that, when he was done he placed Her foot down in his lap next to the other that had been rubbing up and down over his trapped cock the whole time and reached over to the radiator where he'd put Her slippers to get nice and warm before She'd got home, "that will earn me some points" he'd thought when he placed them there. She finished Her cup of coffee in silence before looking him in the eye, "would you like to cum tonight?" She asked, he smiled and nodded he would.... "then you'll have to work hard to please Me for that to happen wont you bitch" She said with a smile, "go run Me a bath" She snapped and dug Her foot in to his crotch to make sure he jumped straight to it.
She got up and looked around at his efforts at tidying the house, not bad, She thought but could do better. She walked up the stairs to the bedroom, She could hear the bath running and his efforts to splosh the water around to make more bubbles for Her. She called him to come in to the bedroom, when he came in She looked at him and then to Her boots he'd shined for Her and left by the bed, "I thought I told you to clean My boots" She said, looking puzzled he replied "I did You can see them", shaking Her head as if really annoyed with him She snapped back "do I only have one pair of boots?" his heart sank, "no" he said abruptly "but You didn't say to clean all of them" he was annoyed as She only normally wore one pair so why would he clean the others, he turned to go back to the bathroom to see if the bath was ready when She snapped back at him "GET HERE NOW", he stopped in his tracks and turned back towards Her, She was careful not to show She was enjoying every minute of this and simply pointed to the floor in front of Her. he stood in front of Her and looked Her in the eyes, "strip" was all She said and he quickly did as he was told, chucking his clothes in to the corner of the room, "turn and touch your toes" She ordered in a brisk tone and he quickly did as She ordered. She picked up a wide hairbrush and used Her foot to kick his legs wider apart, Her empty hand softly stroked his naked bum before going between his legs to find his balls trapped in his cock cage, She gripped his sack and pulled on it enough make him suck in a breath and then landed a blow on his right arse cheek with the brush, "aaarrrrggghhhhh" he screamed, She landed another blow to his left cheek resulting in another loud cry from him, half from the sting of the hairbrush and half from the fact She still had a hold on his sack stopping him from moving away from the blows or standing up, he tried to cover his arse with his hands to stop Her landing another blow but She'd expected this, "move your hands or i'll add ten more" She snapped, he reluctantly moved his hands and She continued with his punishment, She landed 5 blows to each cheek and when She was finished She dropped the hairbrush on to the bed and stroked his now reddening arse before letting go of his sack and allowing him to stand up. he was about to rub his stinging arse when he thought better of it and asked politely if he could go and sort out Her bath, She nodded and he bolted for the bathroom.
She soaked in the hot bath for half an hour letting the hot water relax Her aches and pains away, She had him wash Her on his knees by the side of the bath, unable to sit on his now sore bum and the cage keeping him in agony as he fought not to get a hardon from washing Her tits and between Her legs where She insisted he do a better job. he was glad when She stood up from the bath and he covered Her with a warm towel, "empty the bath and clean it bitch" She said with a smile as She walked from the room to lay on the bed. he finished in the bathroom quickly and joined Her in the bedroom, She was laying on the bed still wrapped in the towel but dry, She lifted a foot and told him to kiss them, he kneeled on the end of the bed and did as She asked with a smile, kissing Her toes one at a time before kissing the top and sole of Her clean sexy feet. Once each foot had been kissed and pampered She told him to put Her boots on Her and to continue to kiss them until told otherwise, this She knew would really make his cock struggle in its cage. As She lay there enjoying watching Him suffer, kissing and licking Her boots trapped in his cage She thought on how best to tie him up and stop him from escaping, he was very good at getting out of his restraints once he'd cum and tonight She didn't want him to be able to escape until She decided it was time. There was only one thing he'd never escaped from She though and it would be perfect for what She had in mind for him tonight. "get up" She said with a smile "and open the box for me", he hurried around the bed to get the key and then opened the chest that held all their clothes toys and equipment. "get your rubber suit on bitch but make sure your cage is still sticking out for Me to see" he rummaged around until he found it and then slipped it on and did as She'd asked keeping his cock out with the zips either side of it. he stood by the bed waiting for Her next command which was to kneel on the end of the bed facing Her and he did as She instructed quickly. She stood up and got the sticky bandage to cover his eyes, picked up Her knickers She'd worn that day and popped them in his mouth before carrying on with the bandage around his head trapping the knickers in his mouth. "Arms behind you" She snapped and he immediately did as he was told and waited as he listened to Her rummage through the chest. She found the long leather arm binder that he couldn't escape from and 2 leather cuffs for his ankles, She didn't want him to know about the arm binder yet so She cuffed his ankles first and locked them together with a padlock and then quickly slipped the arm binder up his waiting arms and fastened the straps around his shoulders nice and tight. She smiled as She pulled on the laces pulling his arms tighter together and did a tight bow at the top, She could tell he'd not expected this to be used and She also knew he knew he was trapped. She pushed him forward so he fell on his face, still on his knees with his arse in the air and took a large vibrating egg out of the chest, She put that in to a condom and slipped on a latex glove covering the fingers with lube She massaged his arse and slowly probed it open with first one finger then two before popping the egg deep inside him. Pulling him back up to a sitting position by the arm binder She clipped the ring at the end of the arm binder to his ankle cuffs stopping any chance of him getting up or moving very far. The arm binder had the effect of pushing his chest out making his nipples very exposed and he would be unable to hide them or stop Her from getting to them, She knew his nipples were almost more sensitive than his cock and as She rubbed, flicked, scratched and twisted them he moaned loudly and his cock, still locked in its cage was bulging out the gaps trying desperately to get hard. She found the nipple clamps in the chest and clipped them on to his hard erect nipples making him moan loudly but louder still as She gave a tug on the chain connecting them together, "moan about it bitch and I'll hang some padlocks from the chain to make you sorry" She said in a cheerful voice.
She took the control for the egg and layed back down on the bed getting the pillows comfy so She could watch telly for the next half an hour while he suffered what was to come. Her booted feet lay between his thighs, at just the right length to tap his cage or holding it between them pull it back and forth as if wanking him off. She turned the egg on and he jumped moaning loudly as it buzzed in to life deep inside him, "What did I say about moaning?" She snapped and with a smile he could'nt see She added one of the 4 large padlocks She had placed on the bed to the chain connecting his nipple clamps together. he fought the need to make noise at this knowing She'd just add another and She settled back to wanking his caged cock between Her booted feet. After a few miniutes the back and forth motion of Her feet on his cock made his body sway a little and the padlock hanging from the chain began to swing a little, further torturing his nipples, She smiled as he fought to keep silent.
Her programe finished and before She got up She positioned the heels of Her boots on his balls to give them dig, She pushed them and twisted the heels in to the soft skin of his sack knowing he'd have to break his well behaved silence, it worked and he let out a moan through the knickers trapped in his mouth, "I told you to be silent didn't I bitch?" She snapped, he nodded unable to reply any other way and he felt Her get up from the bed and heard Her rummage in the chest unable to see what She was doing. She put on a black PVC bra, a leather thong and slipped a black knee length PVC skirt on before standing behind him to remove the bandage holding Her knickers in his mouth and covering his eyes. he couldn't see Her but he could smell Her perfume as She stood close to him and softly kissed his neck, Her hands came around from behind to rub his clamped nipples and jiggle the chain with the padlock still swinging around pulling his nipples south. With out warning She both of them at the same time and the pain was extream, She hadn't removed the knickers from his mouth and they helped to stifle the scream he let out. Her hands ever so lightly stroked and rubbed his nipples as the blood flow restarted to them, the pain was more intence than if She'd pinched them with Her finger nails. "Awwwwwww are they sore?" She asked as if She was concerned for his agony, "I'll get some cream for them, make them feel all better", She opened a draw and put a large dollop of cream on Her finger, She wiped half on one nipple and the other half She began to rub in to the other, the cool cream and Her gentle rubbing in circles around them was heaven for him, She started on the second nipple and it was then the first started to tingle, then get warm, then the second one cought up with the first and they both started to burn, She carried on rubbing the deep heat cream in to his sore hard nipples with a wicked grin on Her face, " Arnt you going to thank Me?" She asked with a smile, he nodded quickly and gave a muffled "thank you" from behind the knickers in his mouth as his nipples burned and Her finger worked it in deeper.
She returned to Her position on the bed in front of him, plumping up the pillows to make a point of how comfy She was and how very uncomfy he was, She lay before him and what he could see made his cock want to burst from its cage, She could see the effect it was having on him and smiled. She placed the soles of Her boots on his inner thighs, the heels digging in to his skin as She raised Her arse off the bed enough to pull the PVC skirt up to the top of Her thighs, he winced as Her heels dug in but the sight of Her bare thighs and the thought of what was still hidden made it seem to hurt less. he hadn't noticed Her hand on the remote for the egg still deep in his arse so it was a shock when it burst in to life, his arse chenched and his cock fought the cage more trying harder then ever to burst free. By now there was a fair amount of pre cum leaking from his cock, She sat forward and told him to open his mouth which he did and She removed Her knickers from his mouth before collecting as much of the fluid leaking from his cock on one finger and offering it to him. he made the mistake of not licking it off Her finger straight away so She grabbed the cage and pulled on it with the other hand and pushed Her finger in to his mouth as he opened it to cry out in pain, "for that you'll get to taste every last drop that comes out of your cock for the foreseeable future bitch" She snapped. She knew tasting his own cum was a big turn on for him but that thought lasted right up till the point he actually came and then quickly evaporated, well tonight was going to be very different as he would find out, She'd chosen the arm binder for this very reason, he had no escape without Her help and She had no intention of letting him out until She'd taught him a lesson. 
"Now I think its about time you did something nice for Me" She said smiling at him, "After all the nice things I've done for you SO FAR don't you?" the "so far" didn't escape him and he knew things were going to get worse for him unless he made Her very happy very quickly. She grabbed on the straps crossing his chest from the arm binder and pulled him forward, unable to resist in any way, his ankles locked to the arm binder he pivioted on his knees as She lowered him down to the bed, he ended up with his face between Her thighs, his ankles in the air, his arms pulled back keeping his back arched a little and his caged cock was squashed in to the mattress. Her skirt wasnt pulled up high enough to see the leather thong when he'd been up on his knees but he could now see it and smell it, the aroma of Her wet pussy mixed with the PVC of the skirt and the leather thong sent an even stronger rush of blood to his cock and he knew his cock was leeking pre cum at a steady rate. his nose was about 4 inches from Her pussy, close enough to smell but to far away to reach. "Well what are you waiting for?" She asked "I want to feel your tongue in My pussy, I want you to make Me cum with only your tongue bitch", he struggled to reach it, he was unable to use his knees or shoulders to move forward to get closer to Her, he tried rocking from side to side but the soft mattress of the bed did nothing to help. As if he wasnt immobile enough She wrapped Her legs around his back, digging the heels of Her boots in to his skin, "please Ms could you just move down a bit?" he asked, "Me move!" She snapped, " cant you even be bothered to lick My pussy for Me?, dont you want to make Me happy? or is this all about you?" She asked dryly. She reached for the remote to the egg and turned it off "Well if your not going to make Me cum I'm not going to allow you to cum either" She said. She held Her and out and pushed Her fingers in to his mouth, "Wet them" She ordered and he licked them getting then as wet as his dry mouth could, Her right hand pulled the leather thong to one side and Her now wet fingers began to stroke Her already wet pussy. She rubbed up and down Her lips, Her eyes closed as She felt how wet She was and they went to work on Her clit before slipping inside Her pussy, the sight of his wife fingering Herself spured him on to struggle closer to Her pussy, Her legs stiffened and slowed him down, the heels of Her boots biting deeper in to his back, She removed Her fingers and again offered them to his mouth to lick, "Wouldnt you like to taste this?" She asked eyes still closed, he licked them and sucked them, desperate to get closer to his goal and lick Her pussy. She relaxed Her legs and used them to pull him closer and at last his tongue made contact with its target and he sunk his tongue in to Her wet pussy and set to work on making Her cum as if his life depended on it. She moaned as he licked Her lips slowly from base to tip, the lightest of touches to Her clit every few strokes, She used Her hands to open Her pussy wide for him and expose Her soft pink clit for his tongue to flick across, Her heels dug in to his back as She raised Her arse off the bed enough for him to get to, "Dont forget to lick that too bitch" She said, Her voice as deep as Her breathing. he licked Her arse and Her pussy in time with Her breathing and the moans of pleasure comming from deep inside Her. he could tell She was close to cumming and moved up to Her clit, flicking it and licking it like it was a soft icecream cone, She tenced up, Her heels dug in to his back harder than they had before as She reached Her climax, he licked and probed at Her hole as Her fingers took over the flicking of Her clit and She spurted cum on to his tongue over and over again. Her orgasam subsided and Her legs relaxed releaving the pain from Her heels dug in his back a little, She opened Her eyes and smiled at him before reaching down and grabbing his head to wipe it in Her wet pussy as if it was a towel, "Mmmmmmmm" She said "that was not bad for the first one" She smiled as She said it, letting the words reach the brain in his head not between his legs. As a reward She turned the egg back on and propped Herself back up on the pillows, She pulled Her knees up so Her booted feet were right in front of his face, " You may kiss them while I recover bitch, your not finished yet by a long way". The pain in his cock and balls was enormas and he needed to cum more that he could ever remember, he was sure the egg torturing his prostrate gland was making him leek more than he normally would and his mind went back to what She'd said about having to taste every last drop. 
"Dont worry" She said "you get to fuck Me next, I want to feel your cock inside Me", hearing this he set to work harder on kissing and licking Her boots, not wanting to give Her any reason to change Her mind or punish him further. After a few miniutes She pushed his face away with one foot and moved to the foot of the bed to stand behind him, She unlocked the padlock joining his ankle cuffs too the arm binder allowing his legs to straighten and the blood to flow once more to his legs and feet, She kept his ankles cuffed together and picked up the bandage She'd used to blindfold him and began to wrap it tightly around his knees and up to his thighs, pinning his legs together. She rolled him on to his back exopsing his caged cock and pinning his bound arms under him, " Oh dear" She said looking down at what had leeked from his cock, "Nasty messy stuff, look at the mess you've made bitch" "i'm very sorry Ms" he said quietly, "well you'll have to clean that up before you get to stick your cock in Me wont you?" he nodded not wanting to annoy Her or risk not getting to feel his cock fucking Her pussy. She pulled his legs one way and slid his shoulders the other until his head was positioned directly above the cum soaked bed sheet, "Clean it" She ordered, and he began licking his sticky cum off the sheet as if it was honey.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Dungeoneer


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





