BDSM Library - Masters slave




Masters slave
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A power beoynd my own will made me kneel before my Master. my vanilla hetero life was now over. for the rest of my life i would serve, serve as a worthless faggot slave 






KNEEL!!! Was His first command to me. i quickly knelt down, blushing of shame. People stopped to look and laugh, i saw them shaking their head as they walked past us. i looked down at His boots. A pair of dirty army boots He wore. i felt His strong hand jerking me up. FOLLOW!! i walked behing Him, nervous, scared. What had i done? Why was i doing this? Shall i run? These were the toghts in my head as i followed this strong Man. He was dressed in army boots, leather pants, with a pair of steel cuffs dangeling from the belt. He also wore a leather jacket. i could smell Him, His masculinity as He walked infront of me. i followed Him out of the airport, to a parking lot. All the time i was ready to run away. But His strenght, His masculinity locked me to Him. Behind a black car, a chevrolet, He stopped, turned and looked at me. i felt so small so weak, so submessive under His look. "IF you really want this slave, strip NOW!! He yelled. 

Without hesitation i
handed Him my passport, my wallet, and stripped. Now i stood there, in a foreign country, naked, with a unknown Man. He laughed at me. "You cock sucking faggot pig slave" He whispered. He opened the trunk of the car, and pointed in it. i quickly crawled into it. He turned me around, locked the cuffs tight over my wrists. NO NO NO i tought this is wrong. i must get out of here i tought. i opened my mouth to protest and get out of this nightmare. Ready to explain to Him that i has misunderstood and wanted to go home. But before i could utter a word, He placed a rubber gag in my mouth, tightening it behind my head. He looked down at me, laughing, then He closed the lid. i was now helpless in His mercy. For hours i lay in His boot. 

Getting more and more unconfortable,making my body ache all over because of the position i was in. i was cold and scared, very scaredd. How would this end? i tought back on the process that led me here. At first i was a "wannabe" replying to ads on the internet, mostly to females seeking a male. Then, by an accident, i came over a gay bdsm personal site. i reda His ad: " Cruel dominating 45 year old leather Master seeking a total obediant slave for total lifetime slavery". i don`t know why, but i replied to Him with a picture of me. After a few days He wrote to me, and commanded me to come to His country within 14 days, to be His slave.
Since i had a vacation from my job, and really didn`t belive this Man i travelled to His country. All i was expecting was that nobody would meet me, and His country sounded like a good place to have a holiday. i wasn`t even gay, something i had wrote to Him, i tought He was a "wannabe" just like me, just having some fun.
So terribly wrong i was. Now i was here naked helpless, totally in this strong Mans hands. i started to cry of my stupidity. What about my work? my friends? my things? What would happen to me? i didn`t know. 

Suddenly He stopped the car. The lid was opened, and He dragged me out.
We was in a basement. Quickly He attached a leather collar around my neck. Laughing as He saw the fear in my eyes. A chain was attached to the ring in the collar, and He dragged me trough a door, into a cold room.
The room had raw concrete on the floor, no windows, the wall was painted black. A thick chain was dangeling from the roof. Quickly He released me from the cuffs. And attched me to the chains from the roof. i stood there naked, cold, gagged, chained, looking at Him. He placed a pole between my legs, spreading them apart. i looked at Him with fear as i hung helpless, chained in His basement. i could smell His masculinity, His leather and the cigarette He lit himself as He walked around, watching me. i tried to protest, but the gag stopped my words. Without a word he turned around, and left the room. i could hear Him locking the door, then He shut off the light. The darkness and silence was complete. i was hanging there naked, cold, scared for hours. the pain was getting worse and worse as i hung there, crying to myself, hoping i would wake up from this nightmare. But it was no nightmare, it was for real i was really going to be His slave. 

i was awakened buy a sharp sting of pain. i opened my eyes, and saw Him. The nightmare was not over, this was for real. i woke up to a world of pain. my body ached all over from hanging in the chains. my jaws were sore from the gag, and i was very hungry and thirsty. He laughed as He looked at me. i felt His strong leather clad hand on my ass, patting it, sqeezing it. He insertet one finger in my ass. "Virgin" He said to himself. He took the gag out off my mouth, and released me from the chains. i felt to the floor, too weak to stand. i looked up at Him towering over me. He placed His boot to my lips. "LICK!!!!" i quickly started to lick His boot. Kissing it. He laughed. "What a pathetic piece of sshit you are slave". Infront of me He placed a dog bowl, filled with some disgusting contains. "EAT!!" i was hungry thirsty and very afraid, so i didn`t hesistate, i just startet eating&nbsp; licking cleaning the bowl. All the time i heard His cold laughter.

He let me lay on the floor cathing my breath for a while. i was odered to crawl after Him, He led me into a bathroom. i was ordered to clean myself up and then report to Him outside. i did as quick as i could. i went out a door and came into a dungeon. It was black on the wall. a hard wooden floor. It was lit from candles, making the shadows dance in the room. 
i saw a dog cage there, chains and whips neatly hanging on their hooks and the wall, and a saint Andrew`s cross. He sat in a big leather chair in the middle of the room, smoking, drinking a beer. He was dressed in leather. Shiny high boots, leather jeans, and a leather top. "KNEEEL" i instantly dropped to my knees, bowing my head. i crawled over to Him. 
" slave, from now on, and the rest of your pathetic life, you are a slave, a possesion, you will be tortured,raped and humilliated in any way I or any other Master like. your life will be to obey, your only consern will be my commands, if You fail, punishement WILL be very severe. you will only speak when told to, you will be naked all times, unless i tell you otherwise. I will let other Master use You, meybe even sell or rent You away. you are a possesion, a worthless piece of faggot shit. DO YOU UNDERSTAND!?!" With tears of desperation dripping down my cheek i nodded. 

He smiled and sat comfortably back in His chair. i looked at the bulge in His croutch it looked very big. " Well then slave, lets see if that faggot mouth of yours is any good" He just pointed at His croutch. i did just to well understand what He meant. i was so scared and nervous and felt very humiliated as i carefully started to kiss His croutch, He moaned of pleasure, leant back, zipping His beer as i started to kiss the leather. With my theets i unzipped His pants, carefully i pulled the pants down. His big cock jumoed out. i was horrified so big so thick was His cock. i stared at it, blushing as i looked at it. " GET TO WORK!!!" He yelled at me, slapping my face hard, the burning pain made me wake up. i slowly start to kiss His cock. For thhr first time in my life i could taste another Man`s cock









i closed my eyes, and kissed His cock. It was awful. my face burned of shame and humilliation. But i was to afraid to protest. i knew i was totally at my Masters mercy. i could feel the heat from His cock, i smelled it, i could feel the heat aiganst my wet lips. It was a terrible smell, He hadn`t washed t for a long time. i opened my mouth, took the head in my mouth. It was big, i slowly ate His cock, started to suck it. Sliding it in between my lips, it filled my mouth it was so big. i felt the throbbing of it as i grew big in my mouth. He moaned. "Yeah slave, get that faggot mouth of yours wrapped around my cock" He said. i started to suck Him, moved my head up and down, sucking His cock clean. His cock slipped between my lips.i gagged from the terrible taste of His cock. my jaws soon started to ache as i sucked His cock. Suddenly He started to trust His hips hard, His cock deep inside my troath making me gag. Large cloths of cum filled my mouth. It
 was a strange taste, salty warm thick cum, i swallowed the best i could. Licking His cock, sucking the last drops of cum. All the time i was afraid, feeling very
 humiliated and humble. But i couldn`t
 resist or disobey my Master. His autorithy and masculinity was to strong. 

When i was finished sucking and cleaning Master, He attached a chain lead to the collar, and blindfolded me. He pulled the chain hard and lead me away. i crawled behind Him in darkness, not knowing where He would lead me, and what would happen. i felt soft carpet under my knees when He stopped. i was told to stand on all fours, not moving a muscle.
i heard Him walking around, the tv went on. Suddenly i felt His heavy legs resting on my back. He was relaxing, resting His feets on His footrest.
For hours i stood still, kneeling on all fours, in total darkness. my knees soon started to hurt, but i didn`t dare to move a muscle. i got into a world of pain and shame, feeling His resting legs on my back. i listen to the sounds of my Master. He walked around, talking in the phone. Most of the time He just rested His legs on my back. my knees was aching, i was stiff and sore from staying in the same position for hours. 

After a long while, He took off the blindfold and gag, without a word He dragged me to another room. It was a cold dark room, naked, with no furniture, bare walls and no window. In the room there was a dog cage. Without a word He kicked me in, cuffed my hands behind my back and locked the cage. He turned off the light and left the room. i startet to sob and cry. Helpless i was cuffed and locked into a steel cage. It was very cold and unconfortable laying in the cage. There was no room for a good resting position in the cage, i tried to curl up so i could get some rest. But i couldn`t my body was aching from the bad position i was in, i was shivering with cold. i felt so helpless, so alone. i knew i couldn`t get free, i was totally at my Master`s mercy. What would He do to me next?

The next morning He arrived again, and let me out, i was ordered to the bathroom to clean up and do my toilette. And after a very quick meal, He dragged me into the livingroom again. 
In the room was a tableplate on the floor. It was dark brown, wooden, and had three holes in it. One in the middle and two besides. i saw that it was possible to "open" the plate, and fasten it with a padlock.
He ordered me to kneel besides His big black leather chair. He took the plate, opened it, and fastened it around my neck, my hands was put in the two other holes. i could feel the weight of the heavy table resting on my shoulders. i was blushing of embarrasement standing there being reduced to my Master`s table. He looked at me laughing at the pathetic sight. 
In my hands he placed a candle, lighting it, soon it started to drip hot wax on my hands. But i didn`t dare to utter a word or let the candles go. He sat down in His chair, resting, looking at the TV, ignoring me. On the table He placed a beer and His cigarettes. Suddenly He lit Himself a cigarette, the sharp smell of it filled my nosetrils, i coughed as He blew the smoke into my face. i looked at Him smoking, resting, He didn`t even glance at me. To Him i was reduced to a piece of furniture. "OPEN!!" i looked at Him, didn`t understand a word. He kicked me in the balls, i opened my mouth gasping for air from the sudden pain. Before i could utter a word, He flicked ash into my open mouth. " DONT YOU DARE SWALLOW TILL I TELL YOU ASHTRAY!!". i was in chock, the taste was terrible, it was a dry smoky taste. He kept on smoking, flicking ash into my mouth. my tongue soon got sore. The taste was terrible as my mouth slowly was filled with the ash. " SWALLOW!!"
 i took a deep breath and swallowed the terrible mixture in my mouth, i really fought to get it down, and down it went. A mixture of spit and ash swalloved trough my troath. i gagged from the taste and shame, being reduced to a furniture. Once again i couldn`t belive this. How cruel could He be? i really realised that i was reduced to a property His property.

After a long while He released me from the table. Totally limb i felt to the floor, starting to kiss His feets. He laughed at me. " Good slave, learning Your place now" He laughed. He sat down, wiggeled His toes. i continued kissing His sweaty feets, sucking His dirty toes one by one. The taste of His foot sweat was strong. But i went on sucking His toes, just like i had sucked His cock before. The shame and humiliation was terrible, but my fear to Him was even bigger, i didn`t dare to hesitate, didn`t dare to stop.



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  humbleslave


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





