BDSM Library - In Her Service




In Her Service
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A submissive crossdresser finds one to serve and gets more than he bargained for.






In Her Service

By X X



They had written back and forth, as well as met in person, 

and discussed their views on power exchange. He expressed 

his yearning for helplessness as best he could, how he 

wanted a true exchange of power. That he wanted to be 

useful and didn't expect it to be all play. While her 

concerns were that she didn't want to invest time only to 

have one or two meetings. Not necessarily long term, although that was possible, but at least ongoing. He said that he would be willing to commit, for a while.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; She asked what he thought about contracts. He 

had seen a few examples and thought they were good for 

stating limits and outlining what was expected. He also had 

to admit that the idea of one excited him and kind of fit 

in with his thoughts of serving, even though he knew that 

such a thing wouldn't be a legal document.



Things clicked and He had offered his services early on. 

She was intrigued, and when the meeting ended she said that 

she would contact him in the next few days.



He was thrilled to see the email the next day. In it she 

said that she could work within his limits and schedule. 

She had also attached a contract for him to sign and bring 

with him next time they met. He became concerned, then 

excited as he read it. She had copied the limits he had 

stated in an earlier e-mail and the rest of it was just a 

few lines stating that basically he was hers and would 

serve her a minimum of 40 hours per month with tardiness, 

cancellations and incomplete months to be penalized at the 

Domme's discretion. The contract was effective from the 

date signed until cancelled by either party. The Domme 

could cancel at any time whereas the sub had to give 60 

days written notice. During which time he would continue to 

serve. The sub would also be required to complete any 

carryover hours prior to release.



Now he finds himself walking up to Her door, dufflebags in 

hand. It was 10:00 Thursday evening and he had arranged it 

so that he wouldn't be expected back until Saturday night. 

A shudder of anxiety runs down his spine as he thinks about 

what She had said to him last. He didn't have to show up 

today, and there would be no hard feelings, probably just 

regrets on his part. If he did show up, he was her's.



The door opens before he reaches it and She is there, 

smiling. Greetings exchanged, she motions him in. She asks 

if he printed out and signed that service 

agreement/contract. He slips the envelope from one of his 

bags and hands it to her. Showing him to the shower first, 

she lets him know that she will bring in from his bags what 

he is to wear, and that she will give him the grand tour a 

bit later. Standing at the doorway as he undresses, she 

sees his hairless body, expressing her approval that her 

orders were followed. Reminding him that no hair is allowed 

from the head down, except for his arms. She exits and the 

warm water does little to wash the nervous chills from his 

body. He hears her slip back in shortly and she tells him 

that what he is to wear is set out and that he shouldn't 

dwell on his make-up, just do a quick job of it. She grabs 

the clothes he arrived in before slipping back out



Drying off, he looks at what is laid out. She had also left 

the padlocking wrist, ankle cuffs and collar. He swallows 

hard, turns to the mirror, and begins his makeup. Never 

satisfied but knowing he was told to be quick, he finishes 

his face and turns to the clothes. Short black waist-

cincher followed by a pair of fishnets. White petticoat 

and one of his basic maid's uniforms. Slipping the blonde 

wig into place then tying off the apron of his uniform as 

he checks himself in the mirror. Seeing she had left the 5 

1/2 inch ankle strap pumps. (Knowing these were at the edge 

of what he could walk in.) He sat for a moment to slip them 

on and buckle the straps.



Seeing all that was left was the collar and cuffs, each 

with the padlock open and no key in sight, he took a deep 

breath as if to steel himself. Slipping each on, and 

closing the lock afterwards. He stands and checks himself 

one last time.



Opening the door and looking out and around he announces he 

is ready. She calls for him and he follows the voice, a bit 

unsteady on the heels, realizing he is a bit out of 

practice. She is resting on the couch as he enters.



She beckons him forward, then has him turn and walk back 

and forth a few times as she examines what she has to work 

with. Then she tells him to stop and turn, facing away from 

her.

 

The next thing he feels is the wrist cuffs being attached 

together behind him. Then a length of rope passed between 

his elbows several times and his elbows pulled together as 

the rope is tied off. She walks around before him, leash in 

hand and announces that it is time for the tour.



Speaking as She clips the leash to his collar. "We'll take 

a little tour and perhaps chat a bit. Now just so we're 

clear, when you are being led on a leash you need to follow 

close enough to keep slack on the leash, but far enough to 

avoid bumping into me. Okay?"



"Yes Ma'am." he says, his voice breaking a bit.



She pauses a moment then asks, "Haven't changed your mind, 

have you?"



That nervous excitement running through him picks up a bit. 

He clears his throat and reply's with a more forceful.



"No ma'am."



Turning with the leash running over her shoulder She says, 

"Good, because it's too late now."



She strides forward and he has barely enough time to react. 

Struggling to get up to speed on the heels, the leash still 

gets pulled taught... She chides him for this, but assures 

him that he will get better. This happens a few more times 

as She gives him a quick tour of the place. Ending at the 

kitchen table she grabs the daily planner that rests there.



"Most of what you need to know, and what is expected from 

you will be picked up as we go along." She opens the book 

and turns it towards him. "I will be using this as a kind 

of scheduler/notebook/record and you are welcome to look it 

over anytime. As you can see under tomorrows date is a time, the word coffee, and a note on how I take it. That of course is when you will be waking me, with coffee already made. You will also find a menu for any meals you will be preparing. Any questions about how to prepare any of it, please ask."



Pointing to a small 3 x 5 notebook and pen.



"This is your notebook, mainly for taking notes when I ask 

you to. When you can, make sure to note --leash following 

distance: 4 times. You can use it also, if need be. . Tomorrow for example, after you wake me up, I'll 

probably have you draw me a bath. While I bathe would be a 

good time for you to change the bed sheets and start the 

ones you removed in the wash. I'll let you know when I 

expect breakfast to be served and by that time you will 

probably need to start preparing it. You can grab whatever 

you want to eat before then, right after you wake if you 

want. Then after breakfast you will need to clear the 

table, wash the dishes, drain the bathwater, rinse the tub 

and make sure the bathroom and bedroom are in order. No 

need to worry about remembering all that now, as I'll guide 

you through it then. By the way, where is your pedicure 

equipment? I didn't see any of it in the bags you brought 

in, did you forget it?



"Oh, no Ma'am. I have my stool, and all the supplies in my 

car. I even brought the paraffin wax unit, I'm sorry I just 

couldn't carry it all in one trip. Should I go bring it 

in?"



She steps towards the kitchen as she lets him know that she 

will run out to get it tomorrow, after all, she has his 

keys. She leads him into the center of the kitchen and 

stops.



"Now the kitchen is going to be your first project. You 

won't have to be constantly busy, depending upon your 

attitude of course. However if there is time when you're 

not sure what you should be doing, this is it."



Opening the bottom cupboard she points out that there is 

new rolls of shelf paper that needs to be put up. Sweeping 

her hand she mentions the refrigerator and oven can be 

cleaned, inside and behind. The microwave, the walls, 

etcetera... That he should just think of it as a spring 

cleaning.



Grabbing the leash she leads him back to the living room, 

explaining that he won't need to worry about any of that 

yet tonight. But that right now there is a few things that 

they need to discuss and be perfectly clear about. Things 

he needs to know about the situation. Unclipping the leash 

she tells him to relax a minute. She grabs a sturdy oak 

chair from the corner and sets it a few feet from the 

couch, facing it. His arms still bound behind him, She 

helps him into the chair and guides his arms over the back 

of it. Then She exits the room. He rests in the chair 

thankful to relieve the pressure on his calves.



She returns and he straightens in the chair a bit. She runs 

a length of rope between the wrist cuffs, guides it under 

the chair and ties it off. While doing this she sees that 

he has one shoe dangling as much as the ankle strap will 

allow and is rotating his foot in it. She informs him in a 

casual manner that what he is doing is unacceptable. It 

could be considered being out of uniform and besides, it 

looks unladylike. She asks if there is a problem with the 

heels. He explains that there's nothing wrong with the 

shoes, it's just that they are at the edge of what he can 

walk on. She tells him that he can grab a different pair 

later.



Looping another short length of rope to each of the ankle 

cuffs, she has him slip his knees over the corners of the 

chair and place his feet as far back as he can, where she 

secures them to the rear legs of the chair. One more length 

of rope is wrapped around one leg just above the knee, 

looped under the chair, around the other knee then pulled 

tight. One last piece encircles his waist and chair back.



Stepping back to admire her work, she smiles commenting, 

"You look good like that, but I think we may need to get a 

posture collar for you."



He smiles and thanks her through the butterflies in his 

stomach.



She steps behind him and moments later he feels her slip 

the wig off his head and a large ball gag fills his vision. 

Opening his mouth wide as she pushes the ball in place. She 

steps around to his side and tightens the chin and head 

straps, then slips the wig back on.



"There, now this is just so I'm not interrupted while I 

explain a few things about your situation. We'll handle any 

questions later." She circles back around him and sits on 

the couch directly in front of him. "Now before I forget 

and before we get into the heavier stuff, about tomorrow 

morning... you have my wake time in the book, however you 

need to give yourself enough time to get ready. So when you 

get up is up to you, but when you wake me I expect you to 

be fully dressed in one of your satin uniforms and looking 

your best. Understand?"



He nods.



She leans back with a slight sigh, as if steeling herself. 

"Now then, since your here, that means that you have agreed 

to serve. As I said, you will pick up what is required of 

you as we go along. There are a few important points you 

need to understand. First and foremost is that I want to 

reassure you that I will honor your limits. I give you my 

word on that. That being said, you will honor your 

commitment, and I will make sure of that also.



"I'm going to make room for your clothes here, so you don't 

have to keep dragging them back and forth. That will also 

ensure that you return. How would you get them back if you 

didn't? I couldn't imagine walking away from that lovely 

stuff you have.



"Now, just in case that isn't enough, I've spoken to a 

friend of mine about our little arrangement. He has said 

that he would be happy to go pick you up for me. Of course 

you would have to pay him back for his troubles. Just In 

case you put up a fuss and the police or a concerned 

citizen gets involved, I put together an envelope with 

copies of our correspondence, copies of your personal ad, 

and I'm going to have you write a little note explaining 

that this is just part of a kinky game. I don't want to 

hear any argument that this is violating your limit about 

discretion as it would be you drawing the attention and it 

would only be used for this purpose.



"I may be bluffing about this, I may not. You may never 

know because you are not going to break contact with me. If 

you do I will give you one chance to return on your own, after that we just start this all over except you'll have to give 180 days notice and of course you'll be severely punished. Like you never have before. If you think that I won't, or you think that you may like it, then please try me."

 

His breath quickens as his mind struggles to take it all 

in. That feeling of erotic fear washes over him. He wonders 

if he has gone too far but tries not to show it. She leans 

forward and grabs the chin strap of the gag so that they 

are about a foot apart.



"I won't violate your limits, but you and I both know that 

leaves a lot of options, besides, I'm doing this for you. 

You wanted to be helpless, said you craved it. Well, that's 

just what you got. But don't worry. How rough this is 

depends entirely on you. Accept your position, give it your 

best effort and things will work out fine."



She leans slightly forward and grabs the edge of his skirt 

and petticoat and pushes/tucks it back exposing him. 

Reaching down to the floor next to her, she brings a paper 

bag up to her lap. His eyes widen as she pulls 2 packages 

of clothespins from the bag.



"Brand new, we need to break these in." She says with a 

smile. "Besides, this will give what I say a bit more 

emphasis. Plus I get to have a little fun while we get a 

feel for each other."



Pulling the bustline down and exposing his chest, she 

begins to place a row of clothespins across each breast as 

she continues.



"This being close enough to the end of the month, we will 

formally start your service on the first of next month. If 

you decide it isn't for you, you need to let me know, in 

writing, prior to the first of any given month."



He winces in pain as she finishes with 7 across one breast 

and starts on the other.



"We will have to decide how you are going to serve the 

required minimum of 40 hours each month. We'll find a 

schedule that works. For starters we'll try 11:30p.m. Every 

Wednesday until 6:00 am every Thursday. I thought that I 

would change my schedule a bit on Wednesdays so I can be 

here and awake for that time. Beyond that we will schedule 

one or two weekend meetings a month. You can just set it up 

as if your working Saturday. That way you can report after 

work as early as you can arrange and serve until 6:oo pm on 

Saturday. That should cover your minimum each month.



"You said that you were 'free' the weekend of June 9th so I 

want you to schedule a vacation day for Friday the 8th. And 

expect to serve from Thursday midnight thru Monday morning. 

I may even have you take Thursday off too."



She finishes with the other 7 then pushes them down as she 

raises the bust on the dress and tucks them in.



He twists what little he can in the chair and moans into 

the gag. She mimics him with a smile and grabs a row of 

pins beneath the material and pulls at them. His eyes widen 

and he yelps then moans louder into the gag.



She coos back at him and slips one hand between her legs. 

"I just love that look on your face, and that sound is 

music to my ears.



"You will let me know of any other times you are available. 

Any time you can work earlier, or get a holiday to 

yourself. If you are still in my service at the end of the 

year I will expect you to arrange to be away at least one 

full week of the two you get off. Now then if you happen to 

not make the 40 hours, that's not a problem. It will just 

be carried over to the next month, just at twice the 

amount. Of course any carryover would have to be made up 

before our agreement could end."

 

She raises her hand from between her legs to his nose. "See 

what those lovely noises you make do to me?"



Grabbing a handful of clips and running a hand up one of 

his thighs.



A chill runs down his spine as she says, "let's make some 

more of that music. I just want to show you that I have no 

qualms about hurting you, as well as see how you react." 



He pleads with his eyes as she grabs a handful of clips and 

slips one hand beneath his balls, cupping them.



"This is so much easier without hair."



She begins placing the clips on the loose skin of his 

scrotum, all the time smiling at his reaction. Stopping at 

6 her hand drops to his inner thighs. Pinching the delicate 

flesh and attaching a pin, he squeals into the gag and 

twists in the chair.



Putting a hand to his cheek she says soothingly "Ooh, I 

know these hurt. Not to worry though, I could fit a dozen 

on each at least. But I'll only do a few this time."



He writhes in the chair pulling at his bonds, testing them 

as she places the last of 3 pins on each of his thighs. He 

sees her hand slide between her thighs again as she looks 

directly at him. He can see it on her face that she is 

masturbating and it strikes a chord in him to realize that 

she enjoys his pain. His thighs, sac and chest are 

screaming and it shows on his face.



She asks, "Would you like them to come off?"



He nods yes, as he mouths please through the gag. She just 

smiles as she picks up a crop in her free hand and runs it 

across the clips.



"Okay I can get those off." and raises the crop.



He squeals into the gag before the crop lands, then screams 

into it pulling at the ropes as the crop strikes his thigh 

dislodging one of the clips. He pleads into the gag, as the 

crop is brought down again. He screws his eyes shut from 

the pain and shakes his head side to side. She starts to 

flick at the remaining clips and he opens his eyes, 

pleading with them. He sees her looking directly at him, 

face flushed and smiling as she rocks faster on her hand.



Setting down the crop she grasps another of the thigh clips 

and pulls it off without opening it. He yelps and begins 

pleading louder as he starts to tremble. She responds by 

pulling the rest off the same way, giving him just enough 

time to recover from each. As she removes the last one 

beneath his waist she draws a deep breath and lets it out 

with a moan and a shutter as she orgasms.



A moment later she regains composure and begins to speak. 

"You may learn as you go, but there are a few steadfast 

rules that are major no no's. You will be completely honest 

with me, which especially includes when you are available 

and a lie by omission is still a lie. Any lie you are 

caught in will come back to you tenfold. The other one is 

you will always speak, treat and interact with me with the 

utmost respect. That includes your words, tone and 

mannerisms. You can express yourself, but I had better not 

ever hear an angry tone to your voice. If you should ever 

attempt to lay a hand on me, all bets are off and you will 

wish you never met me. Am I clear?"



He nods and words a "yes ma'am" through the gag.



"Good." she replies and reaches out to the pins on his 

chest and begins removing them one by one. He squirms in 

pain, biting down on the gag as the blood returns to where 

the clamps were.



He breathes a sigh of relief as the last one is removed. 

She stands and his eyes follow as she steps out of the 

room. His breath slowly returns to normal. He closes his 

eyes for a moment to collect his thoughts. He hears Her 

behind him then feels her hands on the collar. For a moment 

he thinks she is undoing his collar, until he realises that 

she is pulling a length of rope through the "D" rings at 

the left, back and then right. He gasps, mainly by suprise, 

as he is pulled upright by the collar. She slips a finger 

beneath the collar, then pulls the rope even tighter and 

ties it off under the chair. Seeing the rubber cattail whip 

in her hand, he starts shaking his head and pleading into 

the gag. This catches her eye and she rests a hand on his 

cheek.



"I know this is hard, but it really is best for both of us. 

You see this will define the difference between corrective 

discipline and punishment, and show you that punishment 

should be avoided. You know, some subs misbehave on purpose 

to get attention, this will prevent any of that."



She sees him eyeing the thin rubber cat with worried eyes.



"Oh, I know. This is quite the nasty piece of equipment. 

I'll take it easy on you, just remember there's no shame in 

crying."



She covers his sore sex with the edge of his skirt and 

tucks it under him, giving him some protection.



"Just in case I miss," She says with a wink as she undoes 

the garter straps on the inside of his thighs and pulls the 

fishnets down a couple inches.



He is rendered mute by his racing mind as he watches her 

bring the whip over her opposite shoulder and brings it 

down onto his inner thigh without hesitation. He screams 

openly into the gag and his whole body tenses and his 

vision goes white with pain. He's felt whips like this 

before, but never nearly that hard. Before he can regain 

any sense of composure, his opposite thigh seems to burst 

into flames. By instinct He pulls violently at the bonds 

and within seconds another blow lands and he screams at the 

top of his lungs. He starts to buck, trying to tip or move 

the chair, he manages to hold his head still long enough to 

see her. She is cooing, as if flirting, as she brings the 

whip around again. Again he screams, except this time she 

pauses and his screams trails off into a sob that runs 

through the length of his body. He feels her hand on his 

cheek again. She studies his face a moment and nods as if 

telling him it will be okay. He looks down at his thighs 

and sees them striped with red welts that are just starting 

to rise. Still sobbing he has difficulty assembling a 

thought. He looks back up only to catch the follow through 

of another cruel swing.



His body shakes and his eyes screw shut as he screams 

"Please!" into the gag. Another blow lands before he can 

draw his next breath, followed by two more in quick 

succession and again his vision goes white with pain. 

Pulling in a lungful of air, all he can manage is a 

guttural moan. Shaking his head as he begs, "Please, 

anything, no more."



Sobbing he feels the tears on his cheeks as he sees that 

she is no longer filling his vision. Realizing that he's 

still pulling at his bonds, he relaxes a bit which brings a 

new wave of sobs. Then she is there. Cupping his chin, she 

lifts a tear from his cheek with her tongue and lets out a 

low throaty "Yesss..."



He looks down at his red striped thighs and hers gaze 

follows. He can almost feel the heat coming off them on his 

face. He tips his head back and sighs.



She holds her hand just off the surface of his thigh, 

feeling the heat. Then runs her fingers over them. He 

tenses with a start and begs "No, no!" not from pain, but 

from fear that she was going to start again.



She brings her mouth to his ear, her breath heavy. "Don't 

worry, I'm done. I'm going to let you recover for a minute. 

Then when I untie you I want you on your knees so that you 

can thank me properly for this lesson. Just think, if this 

had been a situation where you had broken contact and made 

me go and get you. I'd put about 20 clothespins on those 

welted thighs, then I'd probably let you sit and stew for 

an hour or so."



She grabs a handful of his hair and brings his ear closer.



"Then, as I pulled them off I'd have you beg me to take the 

cane to you, and I mean sincerely beg. And you would. But 

we don't have to worry about that, do we?"



She unties him and he slips off the chair and to his knees 

moments later she sits on the edge of the couch in front of 

him.



"Come to me." she says pointing to her feet.



His head down he instinctively asks, "May I" as he tips his 

head to her feet. A nod later and he is planting gentle 

kisses on her feet. She leans back and sighs.



"Well, I think this is going to work out just fine. Don't 

you?"



He clears his throat and replies "Yes, Mistress. If I may 

call you that?"



She rocks forward. "Oh, I guess we didn't go over that. You 

can address me as Ma'am, Madam or Mistress, whichever you 

feel the most comfortable with. You, I think, I'll call 

Dee. The same as you signed your letters."



She leans farther forward.



"Raise that skirt and lean back, I want to get a look at 

those marks." She runs her fingers over the welts and he 

flinches. "Oh my, there are some nice ones here. You know 

that you can avoid the worst of it as long as you apply 

yourself. Even though you looked so good sobbing like 

that." She says with a smile. "Well, I am so wound up, I 

know what I need, and it will be good practice for you. Why 

don't you hit the bathroom and clean yourself up a bit. 

Meet me in the bedroom when you're done."



He walks gingerly to the bathroom. Once there he takes a 

close look at his thighs. Shaking his head in wonder he 

thinks that has to be at least in the top 3 of the worst 

he's taken. Looking in the mirror he sees his face is a 

mess. He quickly does what he can to straighten up then 

steps out and walks to the bedroom.



She has stripped the covers off and is working with several 

lengths of rope. He stands there, unsure of what to do. 

Moments later She walks up to him.



"Okay this is how you enter a room. In the case of a closed 

door you will knock and wait for permission to enter. When 

entering you will wait a moment for eye contact. If none is 

made then a short appropriate greeting to announce your 

presence is made. Such as -excuse me Ma'am.-- if you 

weren't expected or --at your service Ma'am-- if you were. 

Once eye contact is made with you, you will tip a small 

curtsey then stand at attention unless told otherwise, 

maintaining eye contact if possible."



She motions to him. "Place your feet together as close as 

you can without them touching each other, and square to 

your shoulders. Stand as tall and straight as you can, 

facing forward, and place your hands behind or in front of 

you hand in hand, then holding that as motionless as you 

can." She taps one foot telling him to line it up. "Now 

that is standing at attention."



She walks back to the bed and thinks a moment. "In the 

closet there is a wood dowel about 3 feet long with ropes 

on either end. Bring that here."



He retrieves it and she has him attach the ends to 2 

eyebolts in the ceiling so that it now hangs about 3 feet 

off the bed.



"Slip that dress and petticoat off and lay on the bed. Face 

up with hands over your head."



She opens one of the padlocks on the cuffs and loops it 

through the other, locking them together. She then loops a 

length of rope between his wrists, pulls them towards the 

headboard and ties it off. Bringing 2 lengths of rope up 

from the opposite side, he is told to stretch as far as he 

can. She pulls and ties them off then smiles at her 

handiwork. He is bound spread eagle except his hands are 

together. He shifts around and sees that he can barely 

move. He wonders what the wood bar if for, but chooses not 

to ask.



She slips the wig from his head and slips a harness over 

his head. It seems to be much like a gag harness, without 

the gag. She grabs 4 lengths of rope that end in spring 

clips. These she attaches to 4 "D" rings on the head 

harness. He feels his head tugged as she ties off each rope 

beneath the bed. When she is done he can move his head no 

more than a fraction of an inch. She stops to admire her 

work.



She lays a handful of clips, a crop, and a glass of water 

on the nightstand.



Grabbing the television remote she turns it on and hops up 

onto the bed. Swinging one leg over him she straddles him, 

facing his feet. Slipping her arms through the ropes 

holding the dowel and resting it beneath her armpits she 

scoots back and lowers herself just over his face.



Now he knows what the dowel was for. He sees her sex 

lowered to him, but stopping no more than an inch away.

 

"Bring that tongue of yours out and start with a smooth, 

rhythmic lapping."



He gently probes her wet sex for a moment, then is told to 

trace her lips. He probes deeper and curls his tongue, 

tipping his head back as he withdraws, then probes again. 

He repeats this motion and She begins to rock slightly with 

him moaning her approval. She tilts her pelvis forward 

presenting her clitoris, which he circles with his tongue. 

She lowers herself, instructing him to open wide. The tip 

of his nose rests between her lips and he is told to suck 

gently. Closing his mouth slightly he begins to suck, 

rocking his head slightly. His tongue circles her clit as 

he feels her out. Tongue flat he laps at her, sliding over 

her clit and slipping into her sex, probing deep then 

returning. All the while gently sucking.



She is rocking with him and he feels her begin to tense a 

bit as she pushes down on him a bit more. Laying the tip of 

his tongue flat against her clit he presses as he rocks it 

back and forth. He can feel her press down on him and he 

reacts by sucking harder and rocking his head a bit more. 

He can feel her body tense and tremble a bit and he hears 

her bark.



"Suck it bitch. Yeeees goddamit."



She grinds her hips into his face and he can feel the 

spasms of her orgasm. He sucks hard pressing his tongue and 

rocking his head side to side quickly. Then backs off as 

the spasms subside, sucking gently again, then lapping the 

entire length of her sex as she lifts herself off of him 

slightly. She trembles a bit as she catches her breath then 

raises up to stretch, looking at him over her shoulder.



She sets down lightly on his chest and says, "Yes, I think 

we are going to get along just fine."



To be continued.











In Her Service #2 by azsub1 a.k.a. as x.x. 



An adult story with themes of forced feminization, bondage, very high 

heels, maids, physically forced/blackmailed and Femdom/Authoritarian. 



Comments welcome at azsub1@yahoo.com 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She slipped off him with a sigh and began to undo the ropes that 

held him spread eagle. "Now you can take a minute to recover and get 

your dress and petticoat back on. Then go fix your make-up and meet me 

back here." 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He groans as he moves his limbs, feeling weak from having been 

stretched so tight for so long. Rising from the bed he teeters on the heels 

for a moment before catching his balance. Quickly slipping the petticoat 

and dress on, he slips out of the room and into the bathroom. Looking at 

himself momentarily he shakes his head at the disheveled vision staring 

back at him. Cupping water from the faucet, he splashes his face and 

drinks to rinse her sticky sex from him. He pulls a heavy breath through 

the constriction of the corset as he tries to sort out his feelings about his 

situation. Shaking slightly as he straightens his wig he thinks to himself 

that this is a little more than he expected and begins to wonder how he can 

approach her about it. His hands shake as he quickly fixes his make-up, 

but steady as he sees the reflection of himself take shape and his sex stirs 

slightly as he looks at the collared, cuffed and corseted maid across from 

him. Lost for a moment before he realises he had better return. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; He steps back into the bedroom with some trepidation. She is 

sitting on the edge of the bed, yet doesn't acknowledge his presence as he 

fidgets for a few nervous moments. She stands and walks towards him, 

shaking her head slightly. "You were already instructed how to present yourself. If this is how things are going to be you have a very rough time ahead." She places a hand in the small of his back to straighten him, 

then grabs his chin when he tries to turn it. "Eyes forward. Now then, once 

at attention you will wait for eye contact at which time you will curtsey 

and return to attention. Not a big curtsey, just a slight dip. Now if you 

were expected, or summoned you can simply present yourself directly to 

me with a curtsey, then standing at attention until acknowledged. Basically 

use your common sense and be polite and respectful always." 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Motioning to the bed she continues, "I want you to put that rope 

away, then make and turn down the bed. You can meet me in the living 

room." he replies a quick "yes ma'am." as she turns to leave. He busies 

himself winding the ropes, then straightens the bed and turns down the 

sheets. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Soon he finds himself stepping into the living room. Looking down 

to space his feet then standing as straight as he can, he sees that she has 

already made eye contact. He dips into a slight curtsey. She doesn't 

acknowledge him as she moves about the room, then exits. He continues 

to stand at attention and as the moments crawl by, his muscles tense and 

the shoes begin to bite at his feet. He's tempted to turn in the direction she 

left in but wisely does not. A few minutes pass and he sighs deeply and 

starts to fidget and shift his weight onto one foot. Before he can even turn 

to look for her return he hears her voice. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; "Bored are we?" She steps towards him asking louder, "Well?" He 

realises that she has been behind him and he begins to stutter out a reply." 

iii'm sorry ma'am it's just that..." she raises a finger and interrupts him. 

"No excuses! You can apologise if you're truly sorry and sound sincere. 

But I never want to hear an excuse. 'Sorry' should not be followed by 'but' 

or 'it's just'. Understand?" Trembling slightly, more from surprise than 

fear, He replies with a simple quiet "yes ma'am". 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; She places a hand on his cheek. "Nothing to worry about....this 

time. As you have probably figured out I was watching you, waiting for 

you to move. The first mistakes on anything are always forgiven." She 

reaches up and clips the end of the leash to his collar. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; She turns as she beckons him to follow and he rushes to keep up, 

finding it a bit easier with his hands untied. Speaking as she walks." It's 

about time to call it a night, and this is where you will sleep." She leads 

him into the small bedroom and unclips the leash. "You'll find your bags 

in the closet, and there's the alarm clock on the nightstand." She pulls out a 

key chain from her pocket and motions for him to present his wrist to her. 

She unlocks the wrist and ankle cuffs, then the collar." I will be waking at 

9:30 to 10:00 tomorrow and you will be able to hear my alarm go off. 

Once I'm awake I will summon you and will expect you without delay, 

fully dressed and presenting me with a cup of fresh coffee. When you get 

up is up to you, just as long as you're ready." She turns to leave, but 

pauses at the door. " Now I expect you to behave, any monkey business 

and you'll end up sleeping hogtied on the floor. Got it?" He replies a 

simple "yes ma'am." as she leaves, even though he wants to say more, to 

explain that this is a bit much. Yet it hardly seems like the right time. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; He undresses and is keenly aware of his sore thighs and chest, as 

well as his feet from the heels. Setting the alarm for 8:00 and slipping into 

the small bed, his mind races and his thoughts jump back and forth from 

excitement to nervous fear. He can tell that her demeanor towards him has 

changed and he tries to think of a polite way to approach her about it. One 

thing for sure though is that he's probably going to end up giving his 60 

days notice right away. At least he has that option he reassures himself as 

he drifts off to sleep. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; The alarm invades his sleep and as he reaches for it he is startled 

awake by the unfamiliar surroundings. It takes a moment for him to 

remember where he is. He sits up in bed and looks at the collar and cuffs 

on the nightstand with a sigh, the thrill from yesterday having vanished 

with the new day. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Gathering his clothes he makes his way to the bathroom quietly so 

as not to wake her. He quickly showers checking his body for any hair he 

might have missed. He exits the shower and dries himself. Looking down 

at his clothes he decides to step out and see what time it is and have a look 

around. Making his way into the kitchen to locate the coffee he sees that 

its 8:30 which leaves him an hour to be ready. He decides to make the 

coffee now and as he does the thought of leaving crosses his mind. He 

takes a peek out the window and sees his car there and realizes of course 

he has no idea where his keys are, or the clothes he came with for that 

matter. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Returning to the bathroom he begins to get dressed starting with 

the corset. Pulling the laces as tight as he can, he feels the constriction, 

almost comforting, and ties it off in back. He then slips the fishnets on and 

attaches the garters making sure the seams are straight. He then slides the 

petticoat on and feels his sex stir as the excitement returns. He grabs the 

satin maid's outfit then slips it over his head, zipping it up in back. He then 

begins the hardest part, at least for him, the makeup. Once satisfied with 

his face he places the blond wig onto his head and styles it. He then slips 

his feet into the shoes that he chose today. A pair of 5 in. sandals with 1/2 

inch platform, and buckles the ankle straps. Finally standing in front of the 

mirror he ties the apron of his uniform into place then does a final check 

of himself turning side to side. Butterflies take flight in his stomach as he 

looks at himself and a slight smile crosses his face. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Stepping out of the bathroom he walks gingerly on the heels, trying 

not to make much noise as he enters the kitchen. Looking through the 

cupboards for the coffee cups, he realizes he doesn't know how she takes 

her coffee.A slight panic overtakes him but he quickly decides he will just 

have to ask her when he brings her the coffee.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Looking at the clock and seeing its 9:30 he pours himself a cup and 

sits at the table waiting to hear her alarm. He's startled out of thought by 

the sound of her alarm and quickly rises to fill a cup for her. Then he 

stands as if in limbo by the machine waiting for her to summon him. It 

doesn't take long until he hears the simple command "coffee, girl!". 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He grabs the cup of coffee and steps into her room, He pauses at 

attention briefly, and then realizes he's been summoned and approaches 

her directly before dipping into curtsy and announcing " your coffee 

ma'am". She beckons him forward and he carefully offers the coffee in 

outstretched hand. She takes it from him and he sees her shaking her head 

side to side in disapproval. She asks "and how do I take my coffee?" He 

replies "I wasn't sure ma'am so I thought I would ask once I got here." She 

continues to shake her head side to side remarking to herself about how 

this is not a good start. She sits up straight and sets the cup on the 

nightstand. "Stand at attention girl!"



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Now then wouldn't it have been smart to bring cream and sugar 

along with the coffee in case I took it that way?".



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She cuts him off before he can reply. "And wouldn't it have been 

helpful had you brought the coffee in on a tray, where you could have kept 

the cream and sugar... Well?" He stammers as he struggles to answer and 

begins with "but I didn't know...." And she cuts him off again. "You didn't 

know what?". "I. I. I didn't know how you took your coffee. So...". Again 

she interrupts "that's right you didn't know did you?". He's quite flustered 

at this point in tries to reply "bu... i... But ma'am..." And his quickly cut off again. "Quiet! I never want to hear excuses so that's one habit you'll have 

to quickly rid yourself of. If I want an explanation I will ask for one. 

Apologies are really all that you can offer without being asked. Now then, I asked a simple question, now answer me!" At this point he's quite 

flustered and pauses a moment before asking, "I'm sorry ma'am but what 

was the question again?" 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; She shakes her head side to side "forget it, you're lucky I drink it 

black." "Yes ma'am." He replies. She swings her feet over the side of the 

bed and stands "I see we have another problem here, and you know what 

that is?"



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He thinks a moment before answering, "I'm not sure, ma'am." She 

lets out a sigh and brings her hand to her forehead. "Look you need to give 

this 100 percent. Pay attention to what you're doing give it all your effort 

and think about what choice would please me. Now I might not have told 

you that the cuffs and collar were part of your uniform, but wouldn't it 

have been a safe bet to put them on just in case?" "Yes ma'am" he replies 

with a nod.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"You're going to have to learn to pay attention to all of your 

actions and surroundings and mannerisms so I suggest you give it your all. 

Go, get them on then return here." 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; He hurries out the room to retrieve the collar and cuffs, quickly 

snapping the locks in place as he hurries back to the room. He pauses a 

moment and she motions for him to enter, looking him up and down with 

a slight nod of approval. "Now then, draw me a bath. Then while I'm 

bathing I can decide what you'll be making for breakfast. You can work on 

this room first, straightening up, changing the sheets and making the bed. 

As well as anything else you may have forgotten to do this morning." She 

motions for him to follow as she steps into the bathroom. Then instructs 

him as to what soap she uses, where the towels are and anything else he 

should know. Before dismissing him she adds, "I'm not trying to be hard 

on you. I'm trying to allow you to find your position on your own, but you 

have to be proactive. Look for what should be done and ask if you're not 

sure. We can do it this way as long as I feel you are honestly trying. 

Otherwise I can instruct you on every detail until you perform properly, 

but then I will provide no leeway. Things will go quicker that way, but 

you may find it quite unpleasant. So do you wish to find your place at your 

own speed, or do i become the taskmaster?" He doesn't need to think but a 

moment before asking if he can find his own way. Then is dismissed. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Out in the bedroom he pulls the sheets and pillowcases from the 

bed and tosses these in the hamper along with her clothes from the night 

before, making a mental note to inquire about doing the laundry. He thinks 

about his situation as he makes the bed and that nervous excitement rolls 

through him. He finds himself becoming sexually excited, however it's 

mixed with true fear and the sensation is powerful enough to make his 

head spin. So much that he becomes unsteady and has to pause to push 

these thoughts out of his head, When finished he looks around the room 

for anything else that should be done, remembering what she said. He 

steps out into the kitchen and sits to rest a moment. Within a few minutes 

he hears her call out. "Girl! Come here!"



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; He pauses just inside the bathroom once again waiting for eye 

contact. Instead she waves him to her without turning to him.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He hurries to stand beside the tub and inquires, "Yes Ma'am?" 

Holding her coffee cup up to him "This has been empty since I got in here, 

you really need to keep this full." He simply agrees this time, answering 

with a simple yes. She then asks, "Have you finished with the bedroom 

and anything else that needed to be done?" He stops to think for a 

moment, and then says he is. "Good, for breakfast I'll be having a bagel, 

toasted with cream cheese and 1/2 a honeydew melon, skinned and sliced. 

Once that's done, you can relax for a bit. I'll summon you if I need you and 

you can serve breakfast once I'm out there." 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Preparing breakfast goes quickly, he manages to find all that he 

needs and only has to disturb her once to ask if he should wait to toast the 

bagel so that it's warm. Pleased with himself, he slips into the back 

hallway for a quick cigarette, being very careful with the ash and smoke, 

remembering that he could smoke only as long as it was unseen. When 

finished he slips back into the kitchen and washes his hands. He tops off 

his coffee and sits at the kitchen table. Crossing his legs he's reminded of 

how he is dressed and smiles to himself as his mind wanders. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; 10 minutes later he is startled back to reality by her rounding the 

corner into the kitchen. He fumbles a bit trying to set his coffee down and 

stand at the same time, spilling some from the cup and having to grab the 

table for support. He begins to apologise but she interrupts him, she can 

see that he is in a bit of a panic and tells him to relax a bit, then asks him 

to start the bagel and bring her the melon. As he does this she explains that 

as long as he appears to be giving 100%, is paying attention and not 

making stupid mistakes, that he can be a little informal. She explains that 

his position, what is required of him and how he is to interact with Her 

will become second nature, with time and practice. He sees her looking 

him up and down as he brings the melon to her. Setting it down and 

turning away he hears her remark that they will need to work on general 

posture and how he carries himself. And as an example She makes him 

aware that he had brushed the petticoat of his uniform against her arm 

when he brought her the melon, adding. "Now I'm not going to worry 

much about that considering that we're in private on your first day. 

However it would be quite different if that should happen serving a dinner 

party. And worse still should a guest complain." 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; On hearing this that nervous chill runs down his body, thinking of 

serving at a party or get together. His head spins a bit but he quickly 

shakes it off and busies himself by grabbing the pot and topping off her 

cup. On returning the pot he is momentarily at a loss as to what to do and 

stands there fidgeting for a moment. She let's him know that he can make 

himself something if he hasn't already. And he declines as his stomach 

swarms with butterflies. "Well then, if Your quite sure you've done 

everything else, all that's left are the dishes, which I'm not done with, and 

to straighten up after my bath, which you can do at your leisure. So sit, 

finish your coffee." 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She pushes away from the table and signals that she is finished, 

and he rises to police her morning dishes. She let's him know that dishes 

are to be washed and rinsed by hand, then ran through the dishwasher. He 

acknowledges this as she slips out of the kitchen. Filling the sink he 

searches the cabinets below for a real apron, unlike the silk one tied to his 

waist now and finds one. Tying it in place, he no sooner reaches into the 

sink than he sees her re-enter; he turns to acknowledge her, but is thrown 

momentarily by the lack of expression on her face. She walks directly 

towards him and before he can speak, she does. "Dry your hands and take 

that apron off." He hears the 'matter of fact' tone and grows instantly 

concerned that he has done something wrong. His mind races as he dries 

his hands and the only thing that comes to mind is the apron as he unties 

it. "I'm sorry about the apron, I didn't..." he mutters, but trails off, unsure 

what to apologise for. " Bring your hands behind your back," she 

commands matter-of-factly. He wants to apologise but doesn't know what 

for. He begins to ask why as he puts his hands behind him and is cut off by 

a slightly louder "quiet!" from her as she grabs his wrists and links the 

cuffs he already wears. She quickly slips a small nylon belt up his arms to 

his elbows and with a quick pull draws his elbows together behind him. 

He gasps with an audible rush of air from his surprise and before he can 

react she steps into him with one knee between his legs. She grabs the 

back of his collar roughly and quickly brings her other hand to the front of 

it. Although too taken aback to see, he can hear that a leash or other clip 

was attached to his collar. She sidesteps away from him and turns to walk. 

He tries to react as fast as he can yet is still jerked forward. She pauses lest 

he fall face first without his hands to stop him, then shortens her grip on 

the leash to about 6 inches. He finds himself pulled forward into the hall 

bathroom and as she swings the door open she says, "this isn't about the 

damn apron, it's about this." She points to the towel, unfolded and hanging 

by a corner on the rack and asks. "Is this what we do with our towels when 

were done?" He replies a meek "no". She quickly follows asking about the 

shower curtain pushed to one side, the make-up on and in the sink, 

containers left open, toothpaste spattered on the mirror. She pulls him out 

of the bathroom and asks again "Is that how your supposed to leave the 

bathroom?" He shakes his head and replies no. "Didn't I ask you several 

times if you were done?" at this point he is distraught and she has to shake 

him by the leash to get a answer out of him. "I have to believe that you just 

forgot about this, which by itself is careless .It wouldn't be so bad if I 

hadn't seen this!" She pulls him forward to the guest room that he slept in 

and he already knows what is coming. The bed is unmade; the stockings 

from yesterday are on the floor, the corset also. He can't believe that he 

forgot about this, but then again he hasn't been in here or the bathroom 

since he was finished getting ready. This notion is quickly dismissed 

before he can offer it as an excuse. "You even had to come back in here, 

after you were wide awake to retrieve your cuffs and collar. Your not this 

stupid or this incompetent" she chides as she leads him to the end of the 

bed. "So your either not trying or you just don't care." She instructs him to 

spread his legs and place them next to the legs at the end of the bed so he 

is standing, facing the headboard. She then grabs a rope that had been 

hung from the ceiling by a pulley and snaps the clip on the end of it 

between his wrists. She pulls, taking the slack out of the rope just until his 

hands begin to rise behind him, then kneels down and attaches the clips 

that were installed on the bed legs to the cuffs at his ankles. That done, she 

steps out of the room. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He stands there trembling, this happened so fast that he couldn't 

really think about what was happening, but now he finds himself alone 

with his thoughts and they begin to catch up. He shakes his head and can't 

believe he forgot this stuff. He hears her re-approach and she continues to 

chide him. "Do we need to start with me controlling your every move? 

Because we can if we need to!" She steps up along side the bed and tosses 

the head harness gag on the bed, then sets a thin black neoprene cane 

besides it. She watches as his eyes widen and she quickly begins to speak. 

"Now, I'm going to give you the chance to apologise while I finish 

securing you. So you have until that gag goes in to convince me your sorry 

and that maybe I should be lenient on you." 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; His mind races as she grabs a length of rope and secures one knee 

to the backboard. "I'm sorry Ma'am, it's just that I forgot, and I was in such 

a rush when I came back in to grab the cuffs I just didn't see it." She just 

nods her head as she ties off the other knee. "And I haven't got the make-

up thing down yet... I really didn't mean to, it's just that...." finished with 

his knees she reaches for the gag and tells him to open up. " now he's 

shaking and he lets out a guttural shriek of a "please...please ma'am don't" 

She presses the ball gag to his lips and commands him to open up. The gag 

is pushed into place as soon as he tries to utter his next word. Strapping it 

in place she speaks calmly to him. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"You know, all I heard right up until I picked up the gag were 

excuses, and those only hurt your case. The word 'sorry' followed by an 

excuse makes the apology meaningless." Finished buckling the gag, she 

unwinds the rope from the wall hook and begins to pull. His elbows and 

wrists tied behind him as his wrists are pulled up, forcing him to bend 

forward at the waist to take the strain off his shoulders. Yet she continues 

to pull them higher until he can bend no more. He moans into the gag as 

the strain hits his shoulders and struggles to shift his body forward, but his 

bound legs give little leeway. He is in an open panic now and she 

continues to speak. "You started to get it near the end, you said please, but 

you didn't say 'sorry' or that you would 'do better in the future', or that you 

would 'do anything for me'. And that's a shame." She rolls his skirt over 

onto his back and tucks the end in the collar of his top. She then steps to 

one side and picks up the cane. Now he starts begging into the gag and 

squirming on the end of the rope. He looks to her flexing the cane and he 

screams 'please' as he shakes his head and tries to catch her eye. She gets 

down close to his ear. "You see, now that sounded more like a whine than 

anything else." She grabs the harness roughly and tilts his head to her. 

"Maybe if i saw a real tear i would know your sorry... but I don't see any." 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Letting go of the harness, she takes a step back and rests the cane 

on one cheek of his. She draws back and lands it, not as hard as she could 

swing it, but a full swing. He squeals into the gag and twists as she sees a 

red welt rises almost immediately. He tries to un-tense his body as she 

walks around to the other side. Resting the cane on the opposite cheek she 

sees that the first welt is already weeping. Seeing this she remarks" it 

looks like I'll have to go with something a little less severe, as that first 

one split the skin" She draws the cane back again as she says........."But first, lets even this out." once again bringing the cane down 

and his vision goes white with pain and he screams into the gag. She 

tosses the neoprene cane on the bed but his eyes are screwed shut from the 

pain. She then picks up one of the rattan canes she had brought into the 

room. She leans down to him and speaks to him. "Lets get this over quick. 

c'mon now it's only 6 more on each cheek." He begins shaking his head 

violently and yelling 'no' into the gag. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Seeing and hearing this she picks up the neoprene cane again. 

"would you rather have me use this then?" He sees that she had set the 

cane down but now picked it up again. He shakes his head and mouths 

'no,no,no' into the gag. "Well now make up your mind would you. Hows 

this. If you want me to use the rattan cane all you have to do is ask nicely. 

Don't worry, i'll be able to make out what your saying." 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; He could barely believe it. His shoulders screamed in pain and it 

felt like his assckeeks had been split open. and now he has to ask to be 

caned. She draws back the neoprene cane saying "oh,well...you snooze 

you loose" and he barks out "no! wait! please use the rattan cane!" she 

stops...then asks."You want me to do what with what?" even though she 

heard him just fine. He let's out a heavy sigh and draws a deep breath. then 

into the gag he says..."Please cane me with the rattan cane ma'am, please." 

then droops in resignation. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Her smile widens and she replies, "Oh, that has such a lovely 

sound to it." Looking at her shadow cast on the floor, he wimpers as she 

raises the cane............ end pt 2. 











In Her Service 3  by: azsub1 (a.k.a. X. X.)





After the last blow is landed she steps back from the sobbing figure 

before her and realises she is winded. Tossing the cane onto the bed, she 

unloops the rope that pulled his arms upward from its anchor on the wall. 



"I'm going to let you rest a moment," is all she says as she exits the 

room.



For his part, once the white lightening pain from the cane had begun to 

fade, the ache in his shoulders returned anew. he realised that he was 

sobbing, and that each stuttering breath pulled at his shoulders. He was 

trying to steady himself when the rope went slack and a wave of pain hit 

his shoulders. He yelped into the gag then rested his head on the bed and 

slowly let his arms rest on his back.



He hadn't heard her leave, but now hears her step back in. He tenses up 

and wimpers into the gag as he feels her hands at his bound elbows.



"Relax..," she says as she places one hand on his shoulder and pulls the 

strap from his elbows with the other. Even though his wrists are still 

connected he sighs with relief at the release of his elbows. He flinches 

slightly as he feels her drape a cold washcloth over his backside.



She runs one hand down his back, and slips it around his leg to pull 

herself closer to him. Running one hand down the inside of his thigh she 

can feel him react to her touch. She tells him to relax as she slowly 

works her way further up his legs and her touch becomes more sexual. She 

gently cups his balls in her warm hand and he lets out a guttural moan.



She begins to speak soothingly as she gently caresses his sex. "You know, 

I don't want to be that rough with you, don't you?" He nods yes as he 

shakes from her touch. "All I want is for you to be the best you can 

be.....," she trails off as she increases her attention. His breaths 

shorten and he tries to push himself into her hand. She smiles when she 

sees this and pulls away. "You do want to be my little servant girl, 

don't you?" she says with a squeeze, as if playing him like an 

instrument. He nods in agreement. He becomes lost in her touch as she 

continues. "So then you know that all I do is for your own good, don't 

you dear....? You see, I can tell that you could be an excellent little 

maidservant... I'm just worried about how much time it's going to take." 



She increases her attention and he is lost, his whole body shaking. She 

presses herself against him. "I just don't want you to get discouraged 

because I would like to have you around for a couple months after you 

have been trained. I'm afraid that you're going to react hastily and then 

this could be done before the best part of it and that wouldn't be very 

fair to either of us, would it?"



She slowly slips her hand off him as she slides off the end of the bed. 

He reacts with a whimper from the loss of her touch. She hears this and 

chides him, "Now, now, no time for that now." She undoes the lock holding 

his wrists together. "You can untie your legs and relax a bit while I get 

a few things together. I really want this to work, and I think I know 

just what we need. Be sitting on the edge of the bed when I get back." 

and she turns to leave.



He pushes himself upright and begins untying his knees. He finds himself 

shaking from the emotional teeter totter she had just took him on. He 

could feel the afterburn from the cane, yet he found himself also coming 

down with a case of blue balls. He could feel that familiar, yearning 

ache in them.



Unclipping his ankles he rests on the edge of the bed, thankful to be off 

the heels. He slowly begins to stretch to work the stiffness out of his 

shoulders as he struggles to remember the one sided conversation she had 

just had with him.



Moments later she returns, duffle bag in hand. He is unsure how to react 

and makes a motion to stand, but she waves him back down. "No, no sit 

right there," she instructs as tosses the bag on the bed and sits behind 

him. "You see, I've thought about this for some time and have an idea. 

I'm concerned about how long I have with you. Yet you are in control 

that." She rests a hand on his shoulder for emphasis. "You will always be 

able to give the 60 days notice we agreed upon. One thing you can be 

assured of is that I would never violate any limits that were agreed 

upon." She reaches into the bag and pulls out a pair of leather cuffs, 

slipping each around his arms just above the elbow. These are connected 

behind him by about 12 inches of light chain. Rising up on her knees 

behind him she slips off his wig.



"Now, what I would like is to have you for 2 months AFTER you have been 

trained. But that is your choice. I'm going to approach this as if I only 

have 2 months. What we'll do is try this for a while, then let you make a 

decision. Stand up, hands over your head." He stands and she slips off 

the bed. Grabbing the rope that had held his arms behind him a moment 

ago, she loops it through his wrist restraints. His stomach spins as he 

wonders what's in store. It shows on his face and she sees this and 

suppresses a smile. "Don't worry hon, I'm done with the cane ....for 

now." 



He summons the courage to ask, "But then what do you.....," and is cut 

short by the wag of a finger from her and a 'tsk tsk'.



Tapping him on one leg she has him position his ankles at the corners of 

the bed again and reattaches the clips. Stepping to the wall, she pulls 

the rope tight and his hands are drawn up and to his chest due to the 

cuffs at his elbows. She ties off the rope and hops on the bed behind 

him, rummaging back into her bag. Next he feels her hands at his ear as 

she presses what she tells him is a wax/cotton earplug into one ear. Then 

something small and round into the other followed by another earplug. The 

next thing he sees is the opening of a heavy latex hood fill his vision, 

then darkness. 



The rustling of the hood sounds incredibly loud yet distant in his 

plugged ears as she tugs the hood into place. For a moment he was afraid 

there were no eye openings, until he saw light. Once in place, he felt 

the a tug at his head and hood tighten, then be tied off. Total silence, 

then a click in his ear followed by a distant whisper. He struggles to 

slow his breath and remain still, so he can hear. Again, a distant 

whisper and he realises there is a headset speaker in one ear. Louder 

now, he can hear what is being said. "Wiggle your fingers when you can 

hear me." He complies.



He gets a strange detached feeling as she steps in front of him and he 

hears her speak to him, louder now. "Open up!" She commands and he sees 

the ball gag in her hand as she brings it to his mouth. He opens up and 

she pushes it past his lips. He can feel a hole at the back of the gag and 

draws breath through what he realises is a tube that runs through it. It 

presses against his jaw as she snaps it into place. He hears a tapping in 

his ear and sees her tapping the mic on the headset she wears. 



"Now then, you know you can hear me. Your mic however is against your 

neck below your ear. I'm afraid I won't be able to understand anything 

you might have to say, but I can hear more basic sounds so I'll be able 

to hear you if your in distress....it might even sound pleasant." He sees 

her smile.



She moves behind him onto the bed and he see's a pair of what appear to 

be swimmers goggles slipped over his head. He can see that his vision is 

narrowed by the lenses which are black except for what looks like a 1/4 

inch hole in the center of each. This adds to the odd feeling of 

detachment and his breath quickens as he becomes more concerned. But now 

he is keenly aware of his breathing as it sounds louder, yet detached, 

and he struggles mentally to control it. He feels her hands at his 

collar, then feels it removed. Puzzled for a moment until he feels the 

collar at his neck again and quickly realises it is a different type 

altogether. This one he feels press against his shoulders as well as the 

bottom of his jaw and ears. He recognises it as a posture collar, and a 

quite severe one at that. 



She checks the fit, as does he. Even though he can barely move his head, 

he feels her pull it one more notch tighter and he lets out a moan as she 

buckles it into place. She pauses long enough to hear that he's 

breathing, then continues. She grabs a wide leather belt from the bag. 

This she wraps around him high on his waist, just beneath the ribcage. 

Connected to this belt is another adjustable strap. The belt is pulled 

tight with this strap centered on his back. This she loops through a ring 

at the wide back of the collar and pulls until it tightens and starts to 

pull his head back. She can hear him groan, then almost whimper as she 

buckles it into place.



He feels this collar pull on his neck as his back is forced straight. 

Having given up on controlling his breath he hears it almost roar in his 

head now. He panics a bit and struggles to speak through the gag and 

pulls at his hands trying to turn his whole body to see her. He jumps as 

he hears her bark, "Quiet!" into his ear. He is startled and stops 

momentarily. He closes his eyes and struggles to calm himself. He sees 

her enter his narrowed field of vision as she exits the room. He is about 

to try to speak again when her voice fills his head. "We are going to be 

changing things a bit so let me explain a few things. I'm almost finished 

outfitting you." He realises she is speaking to him even though she is in 

another room and he tries to relax and listen.



"First of all, you are not allowed to speak. But don't worry much about 

that because you will have little need to. If you have something you feel 

you absolutely must let me know, you can write it on a piece of paper and 

present it to me. A word of warning though, I decide what is important." 

She enters his narrow field of vision again as she unhooks the rope from 

the wall. He feels the tension released from his hands as she disconnects 

the cuffs from each other and overhead line. No sooner does he get them 

to his sides she moves them behind him once again connecting them to each 

other and the overhead line. She walks to the wall and he feels his arms 

bent up behind him again. She continues to take up the rope until he is 

bent at a 90 degree angle. A few minutes pass and he sees no sign of her 

through his constricted vision, the fact that he cannot turn his head 

doesn't help.



He's startled by a sudden cold sensation at his behind. The earpiece 

clicks to life.... "Easy now, just relax and this will go easier." He 

feels something firm press at his ass and recognizes it as a plug. He 

tries to relax but finds it difficult in this position. The pressing 

doesn't let up and just when he thinks he is going to split, the plug 

crests and slips in with a grunt from him. He struggles a bit to see 

where she is but quickly realises it's useless to try. Again he feels her 

hands on him, at his waist attaching a belt of some kind. Then he feels a 

strap of some kind ran between his legs. A short tug by her and he feels 

the plug press deeper.



The speaker in his ear crackles to life. " I'm going to explain a few 

things while I untie you and finish up. We're gonna try a crash course in 

giving you focus. What I'm almost finished with is to be your new basic 

uniform, more may be added with time. From now on, whenever you are not 

actively performing a requested task you will be standing in wait within 

my field of vision. The only exception and the only privileged you have 

at this point is to go to the bathroom." 



She has let his hands down and separated his wrists, and now she crouches 

to undo his ankles from the bed. She continues, "I want you to retrieve 

your ankle strap pumps with the 5 1/2" heels, then come back here and sit 

on the edge of the bed so I can swap them for these 4 incher's on your 

feet."



In a haze he steps to the closet and quickly realises he can't bend to 

reach the shoes. Struggling for a moment he manages to grab them by 

bending at the knees, but just barely. He returns from the closet heels 

in hand and gravely concerned. He feels almost separated from reality 

dressed like this and wonders how many hours he's going to have to 

endure. Handing the heels to her, he knows that these are at the edge of 

what he can walk in. Removing his anklecuffs and shoes, she then has him 

step into the higher heels. 



Pulling 12 inches of fine chain from the bag on the bed she connect his 

ankle cuffs together before slipping them back onto his ankles, directly 

over his ankle straps. Standing with a sigh she continues. "Now then, 

where were we. Just in case you didn't catch it earlier, you no longer 

need to speak. In an emergency you can write me a short note. But it had 

better be an emergency and you might want to ensure it's short because 

I'll probably take the cane to you for every single letter or number it 

has. We're starting from zero so the only thing you need to know is this. 



You will do what you are told and only what you are told. If you are not 

actively performing a task then you will be standing within my field of 

vision waiting." She steps out of his way and tells him to head for the 

living room. He is unsteady on the heels and the hobble chain doesn't 

help. Neither does the fact that because of the collar and mask, he can 

no longer see his feet. Again she is in his head. "Didn't you have some 

dishes you were doing?" She steps past him and continues to explain the 

situation as she settles on the couch. "Seeing as I may only have 2 

months with you, were going to try this to bring you up to speed. But I 

don't want you to feel that you've been coerced or forced into a change 

in our agreement. 



So we'll see how this goes for a while and then I may give you a choice. 

If you decide that you won't give your 60 days notice until you are 

trained to serve proper, then there is some more paperwork and such we 

really should have in place, just to make sure you follow through.



Or we can do this crash course method. You may prefer this as it's 

quicker and you may be ready in a few days. As a matter of fact I've 

rearranged my schedule to match yours for the next few weeks so we can 

spend as much time on it as we need."



As she explained this he was struggling with the dishes because of the 

chain at his elbows he couldn't reach both hands into the sink at the 

same time and he couldn't see the dish itself unless he held it in front 

of him. Then he could barely bend and reach enough to set it in the 

diShwasher.



At the same time he was getting increasingly worried about what it was 

she was saying. Did she plan on keeping him like this all day and the 

next? Having finished what few dishes there was he drained the sink and 

grabbed a washcloth. Then proceeded to wipe down the table from this 

mornings breakfast. He had just started when he heard her voice boom in 

his ear, asking what did he think he was doing. He had jumped at the 

sudden noise and he started to tremble as he turned, trying to see where 

she was in his narrow vision. He felt the hand on his collar before he 

saw her. He tried to motion that he didn't understand, but she began 

chiding him before he could.



Pulling his face to hers she continues, "You were just told that you are 

to perform the task given, then return to where I can see you and wait. 

Yet here you are wiping the table. If you were done you should have been 

standing here waiting for my instructions." Shaking her head she points 

to the centerpiece on the table. "Grab your notebook. You do remember it 

don't you? It's right there next to my schedule book. You know, the one I 

was going to write down basic times and notes to help you like.....oh, I 

don't know....how I take my coffee? Well, we won't need mine, but you 

will need to carry that notebook for times like this. Now, write down the 

day, time and what you did wrong, and I had better be able to read and 

understand it. Then you can finish what you were doing." She then steps 

away from him, back into the living room.



Grabbing the notebook, he would shake his head if the collar permitted. 

How could he have forgotten about her planner. He could have looked there 

to see how she took her coffee and avoided that verbal lashing that 

started the day. Now this notebook... He has to keep track of his 

mistakes for her! He has to maneuver the book and his body to get where 

he could reach it to write, yet still see it in his narrowed field of 

vision. Tucking the book into his apron when done, he finishes wiping the 

table, returns the rag to the sink and then steps back into the living 

room where he sees her sitting on the couch. Then stands at attention and 

waits. It takes but a moment of inactivity for his feet and calves to 

remind him of the 5 1/2 inch heels on his feet. 'She can't expect me to 

wear these all day, can she?' he asks himself. Then her voice fills his 

head again.



"Go to the laundry room and bring the laundry baskets in here, then go 

and collect the hampers and bring them in here also." Then a click of 

silence once more. He works his way to the laundry room in short steps, 

somewhat thankful to be able to alternate the weight on his feet again. 

His breath echoed in his head again and he noticed that the posture 

collar gave a feeling of always being on the edge of choking. Dropping 

the baskets off, he sets off to collect the hampers from the bed and 

bathrooms. After bringing the final one in he steps further into the room 

and stands again. Almost immediately he hears her again.



"That's a good girl. You can grab a kitchen chair and get off your feet 

for 5 minutes. I'll let you know when it's up, at which time you can sort 

the clothes into baskets and start on the laundry."



This continued through the day with him having to log three more entries 

into his notebook. One for having broken a plate while washing the lunch 

dishes and another for having slipped and spilt a drink he was bringing 

her after dinner. This spilt drink is what led to the third and most 

serious.



Having spilt the drink she had decided to apply some corrective training 

immediately. He was quite frustrated, tired and worried/afraid at this 

point. She summoned him to her and she shortened up his ankle chain to 

about 6 inches. Then she proceeded to have him bring her a glass of water 

filled within 1/4 inch from the top on a tray. Then she would take the 

glass as she checked the tray for any spills, and set the glass down as 

he returned the tray to the kitchen. Moments later she would tell him 

that she was done with the glass. As soon as he would remove the glass, 

he would be told to bring another. 



This continued for almost an hour and a half at which point he brought 

her water along with a note he had written and left on the tray asking 

for things to go back to how they were when he had started. His body 

ached, especially his feet as he struggled to support himself on ankles 

that trembled from the days stress. He was also feeling so disoriented 

from the restriction of his hearing, vision and movement that things 

seemed surreal as he returned the tray to the kitchen.



She read the note but gave no reaction as she did. She actually had 

expected this earlier and was surprised he lasted as long as he did. But 

she knew it would happen because she would have had him bring her that 

same glass of water until it did. At the same time it did not sit well 

with her either. She had wanted him to break down and ask to stop or for 

leniency. She did not expect him to ask to go back. This was something 

she had wanted to offer him and at any rate was far from an emergency. 



When finished she paused for a moment, which to him seemed like an 

eternity. Then he heard her voice once again, informing him she was 

finished with the glass. He made the long walk back to her, fearful of 

how she would react and extended the tray to her. As she set the glass on 

the tray she also dropped the note, now crumbled into a ball.



She did not even look at him as he heard her voice echo inside his head. 

"Take care of this trash while you're at it." Despair hit him and he let 

out a guttural moan into the gag. On hearing this she turned to look him 

in the eyes but said nothing, her face showing no expression.



It took but a second before he started to plead through the gag. "Please, 

please. I'll try harder. Anything, please.," he begged as he made a 

motion to get on his knees but was prevented by the tray in hand as well 

as his confinement. In that moment he was stopped by the speaker 

crackling to life and sound of her drawing a deep breath through clenched 

teeth as she shook a finger inches from his face. Her voice boomed in his 

head as she barked, "Quiet, bitch!" making him flinch. "Nobody said you 

could talk. Take that glass back, throw out that trash, then take ten 

minutes. Time them yourself then present yourself and wait, I've got some 

thinking to do. And don't forget to jot this little episode down."



She steps out of the room as he returns to the kitchen and sits to rest, 

his legs trembling. He found it impossible to get what one could call 

comfortable through his constriction, but felt incredibly relieved to get 

off the heels, almost joyous after being on his feet for the past 3 hrs 

nonstop. Lost in the moment he almost forgets about the other restraints. 

He snaps out of this state quickly when he realises he didn't check the 

clock before he sat down. Not really knowing how long it has been e rises 

and makes his way into the living room. He is a bit startled to see her 

sitting there as he didn't see her reenter and he teeters on the heels, 

then catches himself as he stands at attention.



The minutes tick by and although she had seen him when he entered, she 

paid him no attention. She was looking away from him when his earpiece 

crackled to life. "I just simply don't know what to do about you. You 

claimed you wanted helplessness and were quite sincere about it. You even 

said that the worst thing that could come of this is that you would fail. 

Yet all you give to me is a halfhearted effort. So then I give you the 

benefit of the doubt that your shortcomings were unintentional and not 

that you were lazy or didn't care. So then I take the time and effort to 

help you along and you say you no longer want my help. I already have 

time invested in you, but I wonder if I should invest any more." She 

turns to him.. "Why don't you get on your knees and crawl here to my 

feet, we need to chat."



He struggles to his knees and crawls the 6 feet or so until her feet in 

high heels fill his vision. He moves to plant a kiss on one and is 

stopped by a crop pressed into his shoulder. Followed by her voice... "Do 

you have a hearing problem? You must. That or you just can't understand 

basic instructions. Did I say you could touch me?" She doesn't expect or 

wait for an answer. Moving her foot to one side she reveals an eyebolt 

mounted in the floor at the edge of the couch, a 6 inch clip already 

attached to it. 



"Head down..," she instructs him as he feels a hand on the back of his 

head guide him, while the other snaps the clip to his collar. She then 

leans back and crosses her legs with a sigh. He now finds himself on all 

fours, her heel clad feet inches from his face. Despite his discomfort 

his sex betrays him and tries to stir in it's confines. Then she is 

inside his head again.



"So, what to do about you..... I have a few questions for you. I'm going 

to explain a bit about them, so wait until I ask you directly before you 

answer. When I do, I expect you to answer promptly as well as be prepared 

to explain. We're first going to find out if you want to continue at all. 

If you don't want to honor your commitment, I will remove your gag and 

expect an explanation as to why. Then we're going to find out how you 

wish to continue. We can continue as we are with you trussed head to toe 

and dressed as you are until I feel you are ready. This being Friday 

night you may not be ready before you return to work on Tuesday. 



I have arranged my schedule so that I can escort you to work and back for 

the next two weeks, but I doubt it would take that long. However, You 

will not be offered the opportunity to change your situation, you will be 

trussed up from the time you wake until 1/2 hour before bedtime. You will 

not be allowed to speak, you will be expected to obey without hesitation 

and on your best behavior. Then once I feel you have adapted, you would 

be allowed to serve the remainder of your time as a typical maidservant. 

As you won't be allowed to speak in the beginning, I will assume you wish 

to tender your 60 day notice immediately



Otherwise, we can go back to how we started, except i don't think you 

were exactly honest about your abilities. In this case I would require 

that you cannot give your 60 days notice until you are ready to serve 

properly. While I can't say for sure, this would add between a month or 

two to the time you are committed, depending upon how well you apply 

yourself. Of course I would want some assurance that you are going to 

follow through so we would need a few more add-ons to your contract. All 

of your original limits would remain intact, I just wish to have it 

reflect the additional time required and make it more secure.



Now then keep in mind that if you decide you don't wish to continue at 

all, I may or may not allow it. I may keep you for the 2 months anyways. 

At the very least I will have my fun with you for the remainder of this 

weekend, after which I will inform anyone and everyone in the local bdsm 

community that you should be avoided as you don't keep your word."



His mind was spinning and although the head between his legs thought 

otherwise, his rational mind would choose to end this. But that wasn't an 

option offered and in his present state he couldn't even imagine what he 

could say to justify backing out.



But how to continue....He really didn't wish to extend his commitment, 

but he also knew that he may snap if he had to stay trussed up like this 

for even one more day. He thought about the contract and the time 

requirements. He had to serve at least 40 hrs a month, so he figured he 

would be on the hook for an extra 40-80 hrs and that's better than 4-8 

more hours like this, yet alone a week. She stood and paced a slow circle 

around him. He could hear her breathing, then her voice. 



"Well, what do you think? Are you going to honor your commitment? Nod yes 

and I'll move on. Nod no and I'll remove that gag so you can tell me 

why."



He nodded yes and she congratulated him saying that he had made a wise 

choice. She continued to circle him.



"Would you like to continue as you are now?" And she watched him nod his 

head no..



"Now then, understand this. I'm going to give you one more chance. We can 

go back to how we started, but I'm going to need some ironclad guarantees 

and assurance you will honor your commitment. You will assist with and 

agree to anything I ask of you to secure this. My guarantee will be to 

respect your limits, which I have done and always will."



On his part he didn't have any idea what 'guarantees' she was talking 

about but he couldn't imagine spending another full day bound like this, 

yet alone 2 weeks.. Yet he can't help but wonder what the hell he has 

gotten himself into???



"Do you have any problems with that?" Again he shook his head no. She 

steps up to him and grabs the loose chain connecting his elbows behind 

him. Planting a foot on either side of his head she pulls the chain, 

which pulls his arms up behind him. She grabs the notebook tucked in his 

apron and drops it right next to his face. She then pulls harder and he 

lets out a grunt and rises as much as he can while on his knees.&nbsp; 



"I'll tell you what.... I'm going to give you a gift. I don't even have 

to open that notebook to know that you never wrote down our little 

confrontation earlier." His whole body went cold and he started to shake 

as she continued.. "I could take this crop to your thighs...." She taps 

his thigh for effect. "As a matter of fact I was going to make you cry 

again, but I'll let it slide." Opening the locks, she removes the elbow 

restraints and lets his arms down. Slipping the wig off his head she then 

grabs the back of his collar. He hears a lock click open as she undoes 

the posture strap, posture collar then finally the ball gag. He winces in 

pain as he closes his mouth, the soreness from being distended by the gag 

now evident. She continues to remove the hood and pulls the plugs from 

his ears before replacing the wig.



He is eurphoric at the return of sensation and finds himself asking if he 

can thank her properly and kiss her feet...and she can't help but smile 

and agree. She allows him continue for a few minutes then stepped away. 

Sitting again on the couch, she grabbed the remote and turned the 

television on then turned to him. "Go and turn down my bed, then go into 

my closet. At the back you will see what looks like a handicap toilet 

seat. It looks just like a small bench with a toilet seat on top. Bring 

that to me."



He rose from the floor, unsteady on legs weak from the days activities. 

Heading to her bedroom and turning down the sheets his mind raced with 

concern . What did she mean by gaurantees? And now this toilet seat. He 

could only imagine the worst, and he was coming to the realisation that 

he shouldn't underestimate her. He already did when he signed on for 

this. Opening the closet door, he finally gets a good look at what is 

inside and is taken aback. Much of it he has seen before and is expected, 

but a few things stand out. 



On one shelf he see's a medium sized butt plug in a ziploc bag, but what 

sends a chill down his spine is the tube of ben-gay that is also in the 

bag. There's several rows of clips attached to ropes, wood and plastic 

clothespins, even a row of metal ones. But the last one is a rope filled 

with about 50 alligator clips with serrated teeth about 2 inches long.. 

He tries to shake off the feeling these inspire as he moves to the back 

of the closet. He sees the seat she spoke of, but his eye catches a 

framed photograph on the back wall of the closet. 



It's her standing next to a bound man, his back to the camera. He is 

bound standing spread eagle with ropes running from his ankles, knees, 

elbows and wrists. She is smiling and looking quite proud, almost like a 

fisherman on the dock with a record fish. He has to move in to make sure 

he is seeing this right. His stomach does a flip as he looks at the 

picture up close. The ropes are pulled so tight he can see that the guy 

has been pulled up onto the balls of his feet and you can see the ropes 

are dug in.



He sees a set of clover clamps on the guys nuts, they're being pulled 

down with a pair of high heels hanging from the chain. His back is 

crosshatched with red streaks, hundreds of them. From his calves to his 

ass he can see the familiar welts of a cane, but there's so many of them, 

some crossed over one another. Short blood trails run from a handful of 

places on his back as well as his ass. A full size rubber cat hangs from 

her waist and she is holding a long thin neoprene cane. A look of 

sheer delight on her face, while the mans head is hung forward so that 

you can only see the very top of his head.



He is gripped with panic and looks around thinking, "I gotta get out of 

Here," as he heads out of the closet. He stops himself once in the 

bedroom and takes several deep breaths, trying to organise a clear 

thought. He tries to push the image out of his head and tells himself he 

is going nowhere right now, and that he had probably better not keep her 

waiting. He goes to grab the bench, averting his eyes from the photo. 



Looking over the bench as he carries it out of the closet, he can see it 

has been modified. There is some type of harness hanging beneath the 

seat, by ropes that loop through small pulleys then up through holes in 

the bench where they are tied off onto rope anchors. Rather than try to 

figure it out, he pauses to regain his composure before returning to her.



Meanwhile as she waits on the couch, she wonders if he saw the picture 

she had hung for him. Looking at his face, he looked pale and scared and 

she knew he had not only seen it, but believed it to be real. Sure that 

sub of hers was tied like that, but she had just pulled him taught and 

hung the shoes from him moments before it was taken. And while he did 

have some marks on him, it was quite simple to enhance them and add more 

in photoshop. But he didn't need to know this, and she also made a mental 

note to take the photo down, lest he take a very close look at it.



She directs him where to place the bench as she rises off the couch. 

Stepping behind it she kneels down and instructs him to lay on the floor, 

face up, then moves the bench forward directly over his head. He finds 

himself looking up through the seat, with this harness hanging loose 

against his face.



She reaches under the bench and slips the wig off his head, then grabs 

each wrist and attaches the cuffs to clips on the sides of the bench 

seat. Standing and walking across the room, she reaches under the 

bookshelf in one corner and produces the end of a rope, tossing it 

towards him as she walks to the opposite corner, then pulling another 

from beneath that bookshelf. Clipping the ends to his ankle cuffs, she 

walks back to pull each tight. He meanwhile is trying not to show his 

fear and suppress the desire to ask what she has planned.



Kneeling behind the bench again she undoes several of the buckles on the 

harness, then tells him to raise his head and hold it there. He feels a 

strap looped around his neck, then her work the buckles behind his head. 

A final loop runs under his chin and through the straps on the sides of 

his face. This buckles on the top of his head and he can feel the harness 

drawn tight around his head as she pulls the buckle tight. He can now see 

the ropes run from the topside of the bench and are anchored at 4 points 

around this head harness.



Looking up through the seat he can see her step over the bench, then her 

sex fills his vision as she sits down, her feet placed on opposite sides 

of his body. A moment later he feels the ropes tighten one at a time, 

then his head is drawn up to her a little at a time until his nose 

touches the cleft of her ass. He hears her bark from above him to, "Open 

up and stick that tongue out and keep it there!" 



He extends his tongue and he can feel the tip just slip between her lips. 

She repositions herself slightly, then he feels the ropes draw him closer 

and closer to her, until his face is pressed tightly against her, his 

mouth cupping her mons and his tongue inside her. "Now I want you to 

start sucking and work that tongue of yours." 



As he does he can feel her press even tighter against him, either that or 

she is drawing him even tighter. As he works with his tongue, he can feel 

her grab onto his nutsack and attach a set of clamps. He winces as she 

continues to attach another set to his nipples and he feels the slack 

taken out of the chains connecting them.



Then he feels her sex push into him while at the same time the clamps are 

pulled tight. He lets out a guttural moan and he hears her react by 

shifting her hips as she draws the clamps tighter. He moans again louder 

as she pulls and he can hear her respond with a moan herself and he can 

feel her become even wetter.



Then she settles in for what ended up being an almost 2 hour ride. 

holding the clamps like reigns on a horse, while using the crop on the 

insides of his thighs to motivate him. The more he bucked beneath her, 

the more excited she became and the harder she pulled. While his moans 

vibrated through her exciting her even more.



In the end she was spent and slumped forward on the seat. While his jaw 

ached and he was drenched in her juices, utterly exhausted. She releases 

the ropes holding his face tight and he drops away from her She runs her 

hands up the inside of his thighs, feeling the small welts she left with 

the crop. She removes the clips and he squirms as the blood returns.



Resting a moment she speaks. "Oh yeah, I'm gonna like having you around. 

But while I could probably do this all day, it's getting late and we have 

a big day tomorrow. That includes running around town for a while, but 

don't worry. I'm not taking you out dressed, at least not yet." She 

unclips his wrists, then dropping back down onto the couch she instructs 

him to grab his wig and go clean himself up real quick. Then to tuck the 

ropes back under the bookcases and clean-up and return all the equipment 

to it's proper place in the closet.



As he walks to the bathroom she tells him to not worry about his make-up 

because it's time for bed anyways. He looks at his face, disheveled with 

the make-up smeared and washed away by her juices. His jaw ached, along 

with the rest of his body. He ponders his fate as he washes his face. He 

takes a moment to pause before he exits and studies himself in the 

mirror. 



Then asks himself, "What the hell am I doing here?" Shaking his head he 

thinks, "I gotta get out of here. This is way too much." But he knew he 

had only himself to blame. He wanted to feel trapped and he was the one 

who left his limits wide open. He knew she wasn't going to maim or kill 

him, but he had underestimated her dedication as well as her willingness 

to hurt him if she wished. What struck him most was how she truly enjoyed 

it. Others he had met had some sense of reluctance and showed pity. 



Yet his expressions of pain or discomfort only seem to encourage her. A 

true sadist it would seem, yet she never claimed to be anything else. 

What the hell was he thinking? He stepped back out and began collecting 

the items and putting them away. When he was finished she called him over 

to her and had him kneel at her feet. As she bent down to unlock his 

ankle and wrist restraints she spoke to him. 



"Now I know you have had a rough day. But I want to remind you that I 

don't want any trouble out of you. I gave you the opportunity to ask to 

be released and I would think that if you had a valid reason for it, you 

would have spoke up. I've also given you a second chance at learning to 

serve properly, so I feel that I have been more than accommodating. At 

this point I don't want to even get the feeling that you no longer wish 

to continue. As a matter of fact, you are not even allowed to ask about 

it. If you make any effort to avoid holding up your end of the bargain, 

it will come back to you 3 fold. Now were going out together to take care 

of a few things tomorrow and i expect you to be on your best behavior, is 

that clear?"



All he could do was nod and answer a meek, "Yes, Mistress".



She left his collar in place and let him know that she would be rising at 

9:00 to 9:30 again. He was to bring her coffee and although He did not 

need to be dressed and made up, she made it quite clear that it was for 

this one day only. He could just present himself naked and she would 

retrieve his clothes once she was up and around. He could shower once 

they returned. And with that she dismissed him.



He went to his bed with a million questions and concerns swirling in his 

head. He rolled into bed and tried to think of nothing in an effort to 

clear his head. Then he focused on one thing. Did he want out of this? 

yes. fantasies are nice, even this one could be nice. He just hadn't 

expected her to be so far to the extreme side. What would happen if he 

does break it off? 



Well, she does have a contract, but that's far from enforceable. If he 

can get his stuff out of here, he won't have to come back for it or lose 

it. There is the spare key to his car under the wheel well and he can 

drive home naked if he has to. He figures he can't get his clothes or 

wallet, but everything in his wallet can be replaced. So he figures the 

worst she can do to him is besmirch his name to other doms. He sets his 

alarm for 5:00 a.m. and tries to sleep.



He sleeps in fits and starts and is out of bed before the alarm goes off. 

Looking out into the hallway it all seems quiet. Walking out to the front 

door he finds it is locked with a keyed deadbolt from both sides. No 

matter he tells himself, he'll go out a window if he has to. Then he 

remembers the garage. Checking the door that leads to the garage he finds 

that it's bolted, but has a knob on this side. He decides to go check his 

car before collecting his things. Turning the bolt he steps out onto the 

cold garage floor. Looking at the large door he tries the side one 

instead. Again a bolted lock he can open. 



He knows his car is just down the driveway and it's still dark outside, 

so opening the door he slips outside. Thinking he should have brought 

anything to cover up as he feels the cold night air he steps back inside 

where his eye catches a old blanket. Wrapping this around him high on his 

neck to conceal the collar still locked to his neck he sprints the short 

distance to his car. Reaching under the wheel well he finds the key still 

there. Slipping it out of the box he opens the door, but somethings 

wrong. He tries the dome light and gets nothing. Dead battery? Oh, god 

not now. Or maybe even she took it. He pops the hood to check and 

it's there and he realises he's being paranoid. Regardless of how it 

happened, the battery is dead. 



Running back to the garage he rummages around for a charger or an old 

battery to no avail. There is a locked storage room, but he can't get 

into it without making a racket. Shit! he curses himself. Not knowing 

what to do he locks the outer door and slips back inside, locking the 

inner door behind him. He knows that he won't be leaving until the 

weekends over and resigns himself to that fact. Realising that he can't 

leave and thinking about what may be in store for him, he actually begins 

to get excited. He pushes it out of his mind. Slipping back in bed and 

resetting the alarm he drifts off to sleep once more.



The silence broken once again by the alarm, he is startled awake. Looking 

at the clock and seeing it's 8:30 he panics for a moment, then realises 

all he has to do is make coffee, which he does. Sitting at the table when 

her alarm goes off, he hears her call for him. Bringing the coffee to 

her, he feels more uncomfortable and exposed than ever. She sits up and 

takes a sip of the coffee. Looking over at him she tells him that he can 

wait for her in the kitchen and she will bring him his clothes.



Fifteen minutes later she emerges. Tossing him his shirt, she sets the 

rest of his clothes on the table. Pulling a chair out she sits down next 

to him, folds her hands and says nothing for several minutes. He doesn't 

know what to do, so he does nothing. Finally she turns to him and calmly 

says, "I am not going to get upset about this, not now. We'll take care 

of it later. Right now I want you to go and grab your wrist and ankle 

cuffs, as well as your notebook. Then come back in here and make a little 

note about how you forgot to put your cuffs on today."



His gut felt like he had just crested the hill of a rollercoaster. He 

hurried to get the cuffs and notebook. He thought about how he should 

apologise, but stopped himself. He realised it was probably safer just to 

keep his mouth shut. Sitting at the table he writes the note then slips 

the cuffs on his wrists and ankles, clicking the padlocks into place. She 

tells him to turn his chair sideways and to put his hands behind the 

chair. 



Standing, she walks behind him and connects the cuffs with a clip. Moving 

back in front of him she produces a roll of fishing string from beneath 

his clothes. He watches as she takes an end and runs it through one pant 

leg then through a D ring on his ankle restraint. Then pulling some slack 

in it she tells him to spread his legs. She lifts his balls and loops the 

thin line around his sack several times then ties it off. Guiding his 

pants down the line, then onto his legs up to the knees. Reaching around 

him she releases his wrists and tells him to finish getting dressed. He 

stands and carefully pulls his pants up then finishes dressing. 



She steps in front of him and picks up the spool of line. Taking up the 

slack, she gives it a light tug and he responds immediately, his knees 

buckling at the first tug. She lets out some slack, then explained it to 

him, "You see, this is to make sure you behave yourself. That's 20 lb 

test line. I ran it down your leg and through the ankle cuff so that 

nobody will notice. It may be thin but it's quite strong. As a matter of 

fact I could probably rip your nuts clean off with this if I pulled hard 

enough. I have no qualms about dragging you out of a crowded store by 

this if I have to.



She chose to skip breakfast, so they headed to the car, with him careful 

to keep up with her. He still hadn't asked where they were going and she 

didn't say.



Pulling out of the driveway, she only drives about 3 blocks or so then 

pulls into a strip mall. Shutting the car off she turns to him and tells 

him to put his hands behind the seat as far as he can, where she connects 

the wrist cuffs. Looking at him directly she says, "I've said it before 

but it bears repeating. I will respect your limits. By the same token, 

you will keep your word, and that's what we're here for." She reaches 

beneath the seat and pulls out a folder. "This is a simple lease that 

says I'm renting a room in your house for 600.00 a month. It is a 

standard lease that after 12 months renews on a monthly basis with each 

party required to notify the other in writing about any changes in 

residency 60 days in advance. 



However, I have no need or intention to spend even a night in your house. 

We are stopping here because we have to sign it and get it notarized." 

She gives a tug on the fishing line. "Give me a problem in here and we 

can go back to my place and string you up by these until you change your 

mind. And here's a fair warning, if you ever choose to get into a 

physical fight with me, limits go out the window. Am I clear?" He replies 

with a nod and a yes.



She unclips his wrists and hands him his wallet. "You'll need to show the 

notary your I.D. Let's go." He opens his door as she opens hers. He feels 

a tug at his nuts as she suggests that he might want to get out her side. 

The whole time he is mulling this over in his mind. Why this lease? It 

didn't make much sense to him. 600.00 would damn near pay his mortgage 

each month. What did she have to gain and why should this be a problem 

for him? As a result he was rather nonchalant as they stood at the 

counter and signed the document then paid the notary fee. She slid the 

document back into the folder and they left.



Again they were on the road only a few minutes before turning into a bank 

and pulling up to the deposit box. She asks. "This is the bank you use 

isn't it?" He nods yes as she pulls out her checkbook. Handing him the 

check she has him write 'for deposit only' on the back along with his 

signature and account #. Now he's really confused. She's making a deposit 

to my account? She fills out the other side of the check, slips it into 

the envelope, then drops it into the deposit box. This seems to please 

her greatly, and she is all smiles as they take the short trip back home. 

He is merely confused.



On their return she unlocks his cuffs and collar and sends him off to 

grab clothes and head to the shower. The warm water feels good on his 

back as he showers, then checks his body for hair and decides he wont 

need to use the depilatory for a more days. His mood improves as he sees 

the fetish maid take shape in the mirror before him and he steps out in a 

pleasant mood. 



He presents himself to her and she has him kneel before her. Grabbing a 

binder from next to her she opens it and sets it before him, then hands 

him a pen. The binder appears to be a receipt book. She points to one of 

the blank receipts and tells him to sign there. Holding the pen he tries 

to think what her purpose would be when she chimes in. 



"When you're done with that you can grab your notebook and make an entry 

about why you choose to hesitate." 



He gets the message and signs, then hands her the binder back. He kneels 

there for a moment before seeing a impatient look flash from her. 

Remembering the notebook he pulls it from his apron and makes the note 

she asked for.



She rises. "Very nice, now wait there a minute. I'll be right back so 

stay just as you are." A few moments pass then he hears the sound of 

heels on the kitchen floor behind him and he grows excited. "Put your 

wrists behind your back for a moment." 



He feels her connect them, then a strap looped around his elbows and 

drawn tight. A clip is attached to his collar and he is told to tuck his 

chin against his chest and close his eyes. He hears her move away from 

him, then nothing. His nervousness grows as he kneels there. Hearing a 

slight rustle besides him, he then feels the slack taken out of whatever 

was clipped to his collar. He hears her voice, and there's a tone to it 

that says danger to him. 



"Lift your head and turn your face to me." 



He opens his eyes and sees a rope running from his collar to an eyebolt 

in the floor. As he turns his head to face her he follows the rope to 

where it ends in one of her hands. A crop is in the other. Looking down 

at him she asks, "Is there something you would like to tell me?" His mind 

races. Tell her what? what does she want from me. "Last chance to come 

clean and fess up." 



Then he thought of his little excursion last night, But how could she 

possibly know? At a loss he asks "What is it Mistress?" He feels her pull 

roughly on the rope as she replies "Wrong answer!" Then his face 

approaches the floor quickly. She lets off just before he hits, but then 

pulls hard once his forehead contacts the floor and he is forced to turn 

his head sideways as the rope is drawn tighter. He looks up in time to 

see the bottom of her boot approaching his face, then press into the side 

of it. 



He cries out as she presses it into his face. Panic grips him from being 

handled so roughly and unexpectedly. He makes a desperate pull at the 

collar so he can get out from under her boot. It doesn't budge but seems 

to draw him tighter and he begins to squirm with his legs. Then he feels 

the crop bite into his legs in response. She steps off of his face, but 

continues to swing the crop in one hand as she pulls the rope tight with 

the other. He cries out, then curses angrily. 



Hearing this she pauses long enough to chide, "A liar and a potty mouth!" 

then takes another few swats at him. "You know, I don't think you realise 

that the more of a challenge you make this, the more I enjoy it." She 

taps at one of his legs telling him to lift it up and slips the rope 

beneath it. Looping the rope through the d ring of one ankle cuff, then 

the other before tying it off. "Still nothing to say huh? and to think I 

might have gone easy on you if you did." She waited for a long pause then 

as she turned to leave the room she said. "You know if you are going to 

be running around barefoot you should probably wash your feet when your 

done. Not to mention the footprints you left behind in the garage." And 

with that she left the room.



He was left to his own thoughts, and he couldn't seem to get past 'shit, 

what am I gonna do'. He was at least thankful to have some of the tension 

off the rope to his collar, even if it was tied to his ankles now. He 

rolled onto his side as his knees ached. And there he was, struggling 

mentally about what to say when she walked back in.



She stopped a dozen feet from him, hands on hips. "Cat still got your 

tongue?" 



To which he replied "I'm sorry." She stood there, saying nothing. "It was 

stupid, I shouldn't have done it and I'm sorry." Again a long pause, 

then she spoke.



"Very nice. No excuses, no passing the blame. Maybe you are starting to 

learn how to be a good little bitch." She walks toward him then paces to 

one side. Looking down at him she says, "You know though, accepting 

responsibility is only half of it. The other half is accepting the 

consequences." She stops pacing in front of him. "I'd like to hear you 

add that into your apologie."



He clears his throat. "I'm sorry mistress, I shouldn't have done it and I 

accept any of the consequences that may result."



Nodding her head as she begins to pace again. "I let you know that lying 

would come back onto you tenfold, but I'm going to let the lying go for now.&nbsp; you were trying to leave early, which comes back on you threefold.&nbsp; 

so now you get to stay late. Instead of 60 days notice, you now have to 

give 180 days notice that you are going to end your service to me." His 

heart jumped into his throat. She could see his reaction and reveled in 

it. "I was also leaning towards putting you back into the restrictive 

uniform, that of course on top of any direct punishment. But that apology 

was unexpected and seemed so sincere that I'm going to give you another 

chance. Would you like to tell me what you were intending to do and how 

far you went, or should I just draw my own conclusions based on what I 

know.



He really didn't want to let her know that the only thing standing 

between him and leaving was a dead battery. He couldn't imagine what she 

would do. There was a long pause, then he let out a heavy sigh. "I guess 

I'm not really sure what I was going to do. I know I wanted to see where 

my car was and if I could get to it, But I knew I didn't have keys." 



She just nodded, knowing it was a lie because she had placed a piece of 

clear tape on the drivers side door, then made a small cut in it so it 

would tear freely if the door was opened.. 'I got as far as seeing where 

it was and at that point I couldn't figure out what to do. I guess I was 

just out of my mind from yesterdays activities. I looked around the house 

to see if maybe you had left my keys somewhere that I could get at them. 

When I couldn't find them I just went back to bed."



She thought for a moment, then spoke. "Well, that was insightful and I'll 

have to give you credit for letting me know what you are capable of. I 

don't believe for a minute that you were unsure of what you were going to 

do. Yet I can't blame you for having a hard time admitting it. You had 

every intention to leave and this is one of the big no-no's and warrants 

a punishment most severe but you haven't made it any worse. I also know 

that you got farther than you say you did. I'm not going to say how I 

know, just that I do. This tells me that you are quite willing to lie to 

me in order to get out of our agreement. This is very good information 

and lets me know just how difficult to break I have to make our 

agreement. You did lie to me. This is another big no-no and also warrants 

a most severe punishment, which we will probably have to defer until 

tomorrow."



"So by opening your mouth when not being truthful you managed to commit 

another major offence and pick up another severe punishment. But I think 

that's probably the best thing for you at this point. Mainly because when 

both are finished I'm going to let you plead your case about whether or 

not to return to the restrictive uniform or not, and you'll probably be 

in a better mindset then. Now then, up on your knees."



As she unties his ankles and takes the rope leash in hand again she helps 

him to his feet. As she leads him to the bedroom she decides that she is 

going to explain a little more about why they had signed the lease. His 

arms still bound behind him, she tells him to lay face down in the center 

of the bed. Bringing the ropes up from the 4 corners she secures his 

ankles, then unties his arms. She explains that the lease allows her 

access to his house and thus to him, should push come to shove. It would 

allow her the right to have a locksmith open the doors for her. She could 

even contact the county sheriff and get a court order allowing her 

access. She remarks that it's quite a powerful document. 



She continues, as she secures his hands and he is now spread eagle, face 

down. "About her monthly payments well, she's already paid in full for 

the first 6 months. The check she deposited noted that it was the second 

half of the first 6 months rent. The receipt he had given her says that she 

paid 1800 by check and 2400 in cash, and that the last months rent as 

well as the first 6 months have been paid. When he returns the 1800 as 

a cashiers check Tomorrow he is told, they can do the same thing and 

cover it for the entire first year.



The thought of what she said sinks in to him, as does the anxiety of 

being tied like this. She adds to this by adding 4 more ropes at the 

elbows and knees. He couldn't move more than a few inches, yet the ropes 

weren't overly tight. Grabbing that full hood once more she explains why 

the ropes aren't tight. He is going to be like that for 12 hours total 

with only a 10 minute break every 3 hours. During the 12 hours he will have 

his ears plugged and be blindfolded. She says she will start without the 

gag, but it will be used if he gets chatty. He will receive four strikes 

from the cane each hour for a total of 48 strikes. He won't receive any 

warning that one is coming as he cannot see or hear and they will be 

randomly spaced. These strikes will be as hard as can be done without 

splitting the skin. 



Just before she puts the earplugs in place and pulls the hood over his 

head she lets him know that it's almost 11:00 a.m. so he should be done 

at 11:00 tonight.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Just think, for that little excursion you now have to give 180 days notice, then for lying about it you get this. Was it worth it?"

She doesn't wait for an answer. 















An adult story involving bd/sm/ds and forced 

feminization. If this offends, read no further.



In Her Service #4



He is plunged into darkness as the hood is slipped 

over his head and quickly realizes the eye openings 

are covered by a blindfold. He begins to plead with 

her "please ma'am, you really don't need to do this. 

I promise I'll be better."



Hearing his pleas as she pulls the hood tight, she 

can't help but smile a bit. Reaching for the gag she 

brings her mouth close to his ear and speaks loudly 

so he can hear through the hood. "Looks like we will 

have to use the gag after all."



He tries to think of what he can say to convince her 

otherwise, but quickly feels the gag press at his 

lips and accepts it with a whimper. Again the sound 

of his breath fills his ears. He tests his bonds and 

quickly learns that although he's not stretched 

tight, he can barely move an inch due to the extra 

ropes at his elbows and knees. He holds his breath 

for a moment, straining to hear if she is still in 

the room.



Time passes, and he's left alone with his thoughts. 

He thinks about last night and his failed attempt to 

leave. Alternately chiding himself for trying as well 

as for not just walking away. He could have just went 

to a phone booth and called a cab. Sure there might 

have been some explaining to do, and he would have 

had to break into his house, but at least he wouldn't 

be where he is now. 12 hours, 48 strokes he thinks to 

himself shaking his head. The thought of it fills him 

with dread and yet spread eagle face down as he is, 

he feels himself becoming excited from his thoughts 

as well as the pressure. His mind drifts momentarily 

but he snaps back when he realizes he has a hard on. 

His stomach turns as he realizes that she may see, 

and what she might think. He tries to will himself 

limp, but thinking about it only seems to make 

matters worse and he can feel that he is leaving a 

puddle of precum on her sheets. He tests the bonds 

again when he is suddenly startled by her breath on 

his shoulder.



He hears her voice in his ear "See, I knew you loved 

this. Can't wait for it, can you?" Then feels her 

fingernail run down his sex.



He shakes his head and says, "no, no you don't 

understand," into the gag, but he doubts that she 

hears him because he can barely understand himself.



Moments later as he lays there the calm is broken by 

a searing pain that streaks from his buttocks to his 

brain. His body stiffens and seconds later he feels 

the cane again. He pulls on the ropes as he bites 

down hard on the gag. He pulls a breath in so that he 

can scream, but two more quick blows knock the breath 

out of him. His body tenses up expecting more but 

they don't come. He struggles to calm himself but 

finds it impossible to do. Less than a minute passes 

before the pain streaks through his body again, then 

silence. He holds his body tense and his mind races, 

expecting another blow. It takes him at least 15 

minutes to relax and again he's left alone with his 

thoughts. There's a lump in his throat and his 

stomach churns knowing that another blow may come at 

any time. He can feel the lingering sting and heat 

from what were only the first six of 48. These were 

forceful strokes and combined with not knowing when 

they were going to come was psychologically torturous 

and was already affecting him.



It had now been two hours since he was first tied, 

and he wanted out of this situation. His jaw ached 

from the gag. The last time she had come to him she 

had given him four quick strokes with the cane and 

hadn't returned for what seemed like an hour. He 

could feel the heat rise from his behind and thought 

she may have split the skin in places. He tried to 

relax and thought again how the ropes were holding 

him, and how exposed he was. Although he tried to 

suppress it he felt himself becoming hard again.



Meanwhile she had been standing next to the bed for 

the past five minutes and took note of his growing 

member. She doubted he was actually enjoying this. 

She knew in such situations that this was often 

beyond their control. Thinking for a moment she 

figured why not use this as a smile crossed her face. 

She brought a knee up onto the bed and saw him flinch 

when he felt her. She ran her hand over the welts on 

his buttocks as she brought her mouth close to his 

ear. Slipping her hand between his legs she gently 

ran her fingers over his sex as she spoke.



"Tsk, tsk, such a naughty little girl. And such a 

good actress too! You see, you had me worried that 

you didn't want to do this or that I was being a bit 

too harsh. I can see that isn't the case, is it? Then 

again, I should have known. You did say how much you 

craved helplessness and submission and I can see now 

that the more control I exert and the more power I 

have over you, the more you like it."



His eyes had rolled back into his head at her touch, 

and although he heard her, he couldn't assemble a 

coherent thought. All he could do was shake his head 

half-heartedly and moan weakly into the gag. She 

slipped her hand from him and rose from the bed.



Seeing his headshake side to side she commented 

mockingly "Oh, I know. Please don't do this mistress, 

I don't like it!" she chuckled. On hearing this he 

came to his senses a bit more and started protesting 

into the gag as he pulled at his bonds.



When she saw this she commented "I'm sorry, I didn't 

mean to ruin the fantasy for you. I'll tell you want 

we'll do, and I think it will fit your needs 

perfectly. From now on you are not allowed to express 

your displeasure at your situation. I don't mean the 

little stuff, but your situation as a whole. For 

example you can tell me, politely of course, that a 

pair of shoes are hurting your feet. You cannot tell 

me that you no longer want to wear heels. And most of 

all I don't want to hear anything about you no longer 

wanting to serve. If I even think I hear something 

like that we will simply start the 180 days over, or 

add 90 days, whichever is more."



He then became even more animated, protesting louder 

into the gag. She in turn rested then pressed the end 

of the cane on the backside of his thigh to get his 

attention.



"And that is effective immediately, is there 

something you'd like to tell me?"



Feeling the cane and hearing her words, his protests 

subsided. Then, feeling the cane lifted, he tensed 

his entire body for the expected blow. Meanwhile she 

had rested the cane at her side and watched his 

anticipation. He quickly tired of bracing himself for 

the blow. He realized that this was driving him 

insane and relaxed his body with a sob. She waited a 

few more moments; just standing there watching him, 

then raised the cane. She brought it down onto the 

backside of his thigh in one quick motion, pausing 

for an instant, then striking again slightly lower. 

The effect of the cane on his thigh was even more 

intense and he reacted by clamping down on the gag 

with the squeal. She watched him squirm as she 

stepped around to the other side. He had just begun 

to sob when he was interrupted by two more quick 

strokes to the opposite thigh. Screwing his eyes shut 

behind the blindfold, his vision goes white with 

pain. Twisting, yet going nowhere, he instinctively 

pulls at his bonds. He pulls short shallow breaths as 

the pain subsides. She pauses at the door listening 

until she can no longer hear him, and then exits.



Once again he's left alone with his thoughts and he 

finds it has to physically will himself to reduce the 

tension from his ankles and wrists. How long has it 

been, he wonders. How many strokes was that? 10? 12? 

He shakes his head wondering how he's going to take 

the rest of them. God, did his thighs burn. He felt 

that he was no longer hard, but had left a large wet 

spot of precum. He holds his breath for a moment and 

strains to hear if she is in the room. Time passes, 

he's not sure how long, and then he's startled by a 

hand on his hood.



She sees him jump at her touch and chuckles at his 

reaction as she unsnaps the flap covering one of his 

ears. Running her fingers over the welts she has 

already made, she speaks to him.



"As you know, this little exercise is the result of 

your little excursion last night. Well, as I said, 

you also need to be shown the error of your ways for 

lying to me. It looks like what I had in mind for the 

second half is going to fall in place this afternoon, 

so we'll need to interrupt this at the halfway point 

as well as hurry up a bit. But don't worry; we'll get 

back to it as soon as we can. We're 12 strokes into 

this and we still have a little time left for now so 

we'll probably do another 12 strokes, that way we can 

stop right at the halfway mark, and finish later."



She steps away from him and begins flexing the cane 

in her hands, as she looks him over.



"Now, I'm going to need you to be on your best 

behavior for what I have planned and you will obey 

absolutely and without question or hesitation, and 

this I am deadly serious about. I think you know 

already that I have no qualms about hurting you, 

nevertheless I want you to keep that in mind for 

these next 12 strokes and remember that things can 

always get worse."



She leaned forward again and unsnapped the blindfold, 

as well as the other ear. Stepping back again she let 

him know that he's welcome to listen to and watch 

this next part if he can. She slices the cane through 

the air for effect and a chill runs down his spine 

and his muscles contract against the bonds. Turning 

his head sideways he sees her standing next to the 

bed with the cane raised in the air and her back to 

him, he can't help but close his eyes as she brings 

the cane down. He feels the cane bite into him and 

clamps down on the gag with a growl. The next blow 

follows immediately and he squeals into the gag as he 

tries to twist his body away from it. His vision goes 

white with pain though his eyes are shut as the cane 

slices the air and him in rapid succession. She 

pauses to walk around to the other side of the bed 

her breath heavy with excitement. Turning his head 

again he can see her approach. He begins screaming 

into the gag, begging and pleading as he tries to 

make eye contact with her. She doesn't even 

acknowledge him as she plants her feet and raises the 

cane again. Even though he's thrashing quite a bit, 

she can see that her target moves very little and 

through his screams she lands six more blows in rapid 

succession. Flush with excitement she has to steady 

herself when she finishes. Slipping a hand to her 

moist sex she thinks to herself that it's a shame 

he's face down, because if he was face up she would 

have that gag out of his mouth and would be grinding 

herself into his face right now.



As he regains his composure he finds himself shaking 

uncontrollably. He opens his eyes to see that she has 

left. His quick shallow breaths turn to sobs as the 

worst of the pain ebbs. Exhausted and aching, he 

relaxes in the bonds as his breath slowly returns to 

normal. Spent, he drifts into a half asleep state.



Meanwhile, she greets her guest at the door. He is a 

good friend of hers as well as a Dom. She invites him 

in and after some small talk; they began to discuss 

what she has asked her friend there for. After a few 

minutes she excuses herself to go get him ready. She 

steps into the room, and walks up to him pausing 

momentarily to watch him at rest as well as to admire 

the marks she has left.



As she grabs the blindfold and moves to reattach it 

to the hood he's startled and awake. Slightly dazed, 

he sees the blindfold approach and feels the aching 

in his jaw and quickly remembers where he is. He 

tries to ask her why she is blindfolding him again, 

but it comes out as just a mumble.



As she snaps the blindfold in place, she speaks to 

him. "I have a visitor here, who is probably going to 

agree to help you out with your situation. I don't 

want you to try to interrupt, just pay attention and 

listen. Any questions you may have will be answered 

later."



Grabbing a D ring on his collar she pulls his head up 

and towards her, and hissing in his ear. "Are we 

clear on that?"



He shook his head yes while at the same time wondered 

what the hell she was talking about when she says, 

'help me with my situation'. Releasing her grip on 

the collar she lets him down then places a hand on 

his shoulder.



"Now that's a good girl. You know, if you behave you 

can avoid much of the unpleasantness involved but, if 

you give me a hard time and choose to be difficult, I 

can make things most unpleasant." With that she heads 

for the bedroom door and he is left much like how he 

started except now he can hear his surroundings.



After about 10 minutes she returns, but this time he 

hears conversation and when they enter the room he 

can pick out that it's a male voice and his anxiety 

rises. They're speaking to each other and he tries to 

relax so he can hear what they're saying. As they 

come closer he can hear her...



"Well, here she is, my newest little maid in 

training."



Then the male replied, "Very nice, nice marks too! 

May I?"



The next thing he feels is a contact on his buttocks 

and he startled by it. Wincing slightly as he feels 

this person's hand run across the welts she had left, 

then stop. "So you say that this little one loves to 

feel helpless, and at the same time is worried she 

won't follow through?"



"Oh yeah, she's already made excuses to double her 

time with me."



Her friend studies the figure bound on the bed as he 

speaks, "so, if I have to call her or visit her, just 

to let her know that you're looking for her, then 

I'll get her services for eight hours. But if I 

actually have to escort her here I'll get her 

services for 48 hours. If she puts up a fight, then I 

get the equivalent of a week?"



She replies "Yeah, that about sums it up. I don't 

think she'll put up much of a fuss, as she won't want 

the extra attention."



Lying there and listening to them talk; he tries to 

suppress his panic. Her guest speaks again.



"So she knows that if she puts up a fuss and attracts 

Johnny Law or a concerned citizen, the first thing 

I'm going to do is let them in on the nature of the 

relationship. And in the case of Johnny Law, she had 

better agree with me because if I get arrested then 

all bets are off, and she could only imagine what I'd 

do to her then."



She beckons her guest to follow her as she speaks. 

"Well, you know one of her limits is that her service 

can't be exposed to her family or the public at 

large, and you know how I feel about honoring limits. 

That would only happen if she violated my agreement 

with her, then chose to make matters worse by 

resisting you. As I see it, that's her call."



With that, he hears them leave the room. His mind 

races. What the hell did she think she was doing? No 

sooner than he thought this she once again entered 

the room. She sounded alone and he felt her sit on 

the bed next to him. He started to mouth into the gag 

"why are you...." but was shushed by her. She began 

to remove the hood as she spoke.



"I don't want to hear any complaints from you. None 

of this violates your limits, and he is aware of them 

also. Besides, it would be your actions that would 

result in your serving him. I'm going to untie you. I 

want you to stretch for a moment and head for the 

bathroom to straighten yourself up and take care of 

anything else you might need to. When you're done, 

return here and wait for me."



His muscles and his jaw ached from the ropes and the 

gag and it took him a full 10 minutes to get up and 

off the bed. Looking at the clock he realizes he had 

been there a little more than 4 hours. Still dazed, 

he makes his way to the bathroom and empties his 

bladder. He studies himself in the mirror for a 

moment and thinks to himself, "this is too much, just 

way too much." He then fixes his makeup, straightens 

his uniform and looks himself up and down, then makes 

his way back to the bed and sits on the edge of it, 

and waits.



He doesn't have to wait long before she enters again 

and with one word "up" she has him on his feet. She 

paces a semicircle around him looking him up and 

down. He's shaking now, even after she announces that 

he looks acceptable for now. Stepping behind him she 

slips the elbow cuffs on him, separated by 12 inches 

of chain. Followed by ankle cuffs separated by 12 

inches of chain. Clipping a short leash that she had 

wrapped around her wrist she pulled it taut with one 

hand while wagging a finger with the other.



"There are a few more things we need to take care of. 

Again, you will be on your best behavior. That means 

you will do what you are told when you are told 

without complaint or question, and I want to hear 

nothing from you unless I ask you to speak. If you 

embarrass me or screw up I have about 100 

clothespins, a closet, and about eight hours to burn. 

Am I clear?" All he could do was nod yes.



She led him out into the living room where he saw her 

friend sitting, all six feet 220 pounds of him. He 

had gotten undressed except for a leather vest and a 

pair of thong underwear. She motioned her friend over 

to her and he struggled to suppress his inner panic 

as she ordered him to his knees then handed her 

friend the leash.



She saw the look of panic in his eyes and let it 

build for a while before announcing, "Don't look so 

scared. We're just taking a picture, but I need it to 

look natural so wipe the look of concern off your 

face and wrap your arms around his leg. Press your 

cheek up against his leg, look slightly upwards and 

smile." She then directed her friend to hold the 

leash taut in his opposite hand in front of him and a 

crop held in the other, at which point she snapped 

off a few pictures.



Taking the leash back from her friend she led him to 

the kitchen table and told him to sit. Pushing a pen 

and paper to him he is told to write a short note. 

She dictated the contents to him, which addressed it 

'to whom it may concern' and stated that he was in 

several alternative relationships that involved acts 

of Dominance and Submission, and that chances were 

that he was a willing participant in whatever it was 

they might be concerned about, and to please ask 

about it.



Meanwhile she had gone to her printer and printed 

several copies of the pictures she had just taken and 

stapled these together with the note he had written. 

She then handed them to her friend who had already 

gotten dressed. She asks her friend to wait a moment 

than steps behind his chair. Grabbing the leash from 

the collar she reaches under the chair from behind 

and clips it to the chain connecting his ankles. 

Then, she guided it back under the chair and onto the 

chain connecting his elbows.



"Now, don't go anywhere" she whispers into his ear.



He can see them further discussing things as they 

head out the door and she walks him to his car. In 

the meantime, he sat there slightly in a daze and 

secured to the chair.



She sweeps back into the room and heads directly for 

him. She unclips the leash from his ankle chains and 

his elbow chains, wrapping the leash in one of her 

hands. She then drops onto the couch about 10 feet 

away and lets out a sigh.



She turns to him and says, "whew! Glad that's done 

huh?"



She motions for him to come to her and he stands to 

take a step but is stopped by the wave of her finger. 

"On your knees now."



He apologizes as he drops to his knees and crawls the 

rest of the way, a task made much more difficult by 

the chain connecting his elbows. He stopped when his 

face was a few inches from her feet.



"Now then, I want you to show me how good you are at 

being nice to my feet.

Let's start with gentle kisses and while you do that, 

I will go over our little agreement just to make it 

clear that you understand the situation." He began to 

work at gently kissing her feet as she explained the 

situation to him.



"Just so we're clear, you came to serve me -- I did 

not seek you out. I have given you, on more than one 

occasion, the opportunity for this to be over with 

and done. Once when you first arrived, and again 

after I had caught you in a lie. You chose to stay 

and because of the lie the length of time you are to 

serve increased from 60 to 180 days. Now you may 

think that is harsh, but let me remind you not only 

is that within your hard limits but also you had been 

warned beforehand that lying to me was one of the 

major violations. You will become what you came here 

to be, a skilled maidservant. And remember that 180 

days you are to serve begins once you become a 

skilled maidservant, so it hasn't even begun. I made 

you aware when you agreed to this that I decide when 

it changes from training to service, but don't worry, 

I'll let you know when you're trained enough that you 

can start counting the 180 days."



"Now then, just in case there is any doubts, let me 

state this. You will honor your commitment. I think 

that between legally leasing a room in your house as 

well as my friend that just left, I have given myself 

enough leverage to make sure you that do. As I see 

it, the only option you have left is to go to the 

police. Of course if you do that, all of this will 

come out in court, and the best results you could 

hope for would be a restraining order. If you try to 

ignore the situation, I might show up with a 

locksmith and have the locks changed. Then just wait 

for you to come home. Or, I might show up in the 

middle of the night when you're sleeping. If not, I 

will just ask my friend to come and get you. If he 

gets arrested because you put up a fuss, and you 

don't come clean right away, that's no different than 

going to the police and then all of this comes out at 

trial. Hell, they might even televise that one, after 

which I'm sure he would come back after you with a 

vengeance."



"Make no mistake, if I have to do anything to come 

and get you, who knows how long you may end up 

serving me. A year or two? Regardless, I will make 

sure that they are miserable. If you try anything 

after that, well then all limits are out the window. 

I'm not telling you all of this to scare you and 

there's no reason that this would have to happen -- 

and it won't as long as you stick it out and give 

your best effort. Just do your best and in a little 

more than 180 days you can leave with a sense of 

pride for having accomplished something. Screw up and 

try to get out of this and you may find yourself 

still in service a few years from now. Try to hurt me 

and you may find yourself castrated and working in a 

Mexican whorehouse. Of course, I could be bluffing 

about all this or I could be dead serious. The 

question is, do you want to take the chance?"



"Remember how it felt this morning when you were 

right here with my boot on your face pressing you 

into the floor? Well, that is the kind of response 

you can associate with lying to me. That's not just 

speaking untruthfully, but that also includes lies by 

omission. If there's something you think I should or 

just might want to know, you are to tell me as soon 

as possible. That especially includes anything that 

affects your schedule. Okay, I want you to stand up 

now and turn around, your back to me."



He rose with some difficulty mainly due to the elbow 

chains not allowing him to balance or push off 

anything. Combed with the ankle chains, it became 

quite the ordeal. Turning to face away from her he 

felt her hands at the elbow cuffs, removing them and 

then removing the chain connecting his ankle cuffs.



"It's about time for you to start on dinner, but 

before you do let's deal with this issue of when 

you're expected back. I had asked you to be available 

at least through Saturday night, but then again I 

hadn't expected to have so much trouble with you. Now 

what I want to know is just when do you absolutely 

have to be back? You told me that your son was with 

his grandmother this weekend, so what I want you to 

do is to call her and ask if he can stay with her 

another night and if she could take him to school 

Monday morning. Do you think that would be a 

problem?"



He knew that it wouldn't be, but thought that maybe 

he could fake it. "No ma'am, can I use your phone?"



With that, she stood up, but instead of motioning him 

to the phone, she grabbed the phone herself. Pressing 

the speaker button, a dial tone fills the air and he 

sees her hands over the keys.



"The number?" She asks.



He's startled, but rattles the number off and a 

moment later it connects. With the conversation out 

in the open there's not much he can do to fake it and 

a few minutes later he's saying goodbye. Hanging up 

the phone with a smile on her face she turns towards 

him.



"Now as I understand it, your ex-wife picks your son 

up from school on Monday and has him through the 

week, right?" He replies yes and a feeling of dread 

sweeps over him as he tries to imagine what she has a 

store for him.



"Good, now I want you to take a minute to go check 

yourself in the mirror and cleanup, while I grab the 

recipe card. Then you can start on dinner when you 

get back."



He walks a little unsteadily to the bathroom and 

shuts the door behind him. Resting his hands of the 

counter he leans forward and stares at himself in the 

mirror and ponders the situation. It's Saturday 

evening, and it looks like he's going to be spending 

at least another day here. He shakes his head in 

disbelief and drawing a deep breath stands up 

straight and checks his makeup. Stepping back he 

looks his uniform up-and-down and straightens the 

seams on his stockings. When finished he, steps out 

and into the kitchen. He is a bit startled to find 

her standing there and he comes to a dead stop. His 

mind races as he tries to remember if there's any 

particular way he's supposed to enter if she's in the 

room.



Whether he's over thinking it or just doesn't 

remember, he simply stands there unable to move. She 

sees this look of bewilderment on his face and 

smiles. She realizes that she has started to get to 

him and that he's actually afraid to move right now.



"You forgot how to enter a room, haven't you?"



He looks down at his feet and replies "yes ma'am."



She smiles, arms folded "you know, as long as you are 

polite and respectful you're doing OK. As a general 

rule if you are expected to be entering the room 

during the normal course of your duties you don't 

need to do anything. If you had entered because you 

are summoned, simply present yourself with a curtsy 

directly to the one who had summoned you. Now if you 

weren't expected and you had entered in order to ask 

a question you'd stop as soon as you enter the room, 

stand at attention and wait for eye contact to be 

made before dipping into a curtsy."



She grabbed one of the kitchen chairs and sat in it, 

and then she motioned for him to enter. She watches 

him as he enters and begins to prepare dinner. She 

watches him a few more minutes, and then calls him to 

her.



He sets down what he's doing and walks directly up to 

her. Then tips a quick curtsy and stands up straight 

asking, "yes ma'am?" To which she replies, "the first 

thing we should work on his how you carry yourself, 

in particular how you walk in heels. Just so you know 

you will be expected to be able to move and serve 

gracefully while wearing a full 5-inch heel, and when 

I say graceful I mean graceful. That means no 

stumbles, no missteps or little jerky movements. I 

think this should be one of the first things we 

should focus on. So what I need you to do is to slow 

down, take smaller steps and focus on careful, smooth 

movements and steps until they become second nature 

to you. She lingered for a while to watch him, then 

returned to the living room and waited for dinner.



Dinner was relatively uneventful except for him 

brushing up against her with his petticoat not once 

but twice. The first time she had merely cautioned 

him, but the second time he had to log it in his 

notebook. The other problem was water spots on the 

silverware, which he did have to log, but he also 

received quite the verbal chiding about it. She 

considered it nothing less than carelessness and not 

paying attention on his part.



After dinner she retired to the living room and he 

was left to eat his meal, clear the table and do the 

dinner dishes. When finished he steps into the living 

room and stands at attention, at which point she 

beckoned him to the floor at her feet. Sitting there 

at her feet, she brushed the hair from the side of 

his face. Then laid her hand on his neck, running her 

fingers up his cheek, and then tracing his ear. This 

sent shivers down his spine and she continued as they 

sat there. The relative peace of the moment was 

broken when she began to speak to him.



"You probably think I'm being too hard on you, don't 

you? Wait, don't answer that, I'm pretty sure I know 

the answer but I really don't want to hear it." There 

is a long pause before she speaks again.



"I am the way I am because I want you to succeed and 

I know what you want, whether you know it or not. You 

have a great deal of potential and you could be a 

fantastic maidservant. I also think that once you're 

there, you'd love it. So believe it or not, I'm doing 

what's in your best interest. I won't lie and tell 

you I don't enjoy it, because I do. I wouldn't be 

here if I didn't. However, you need to give it 100 

percent of your effort, and to do that you need to 

accept your place and your fate, because they're not 

going to change. The sooner you do, the sooner you 

can move on."



There's another long pause, as if she is searching 

for words.



"You see, something about you has really clicked with 

me and because of that I'm going to make sure you 

succeed, and I will do whatever it takes. Just 

remember that the next time you think I'm being too 

harsh, I'm doing it for you. Not only is it what you 

want but it's what you asked for."



Chills ran down his spine as he sat there. He tried 

to think of what to say about how he felt about the 

situation. Then remembered that he wasn't allowed to 

discuss it. His thoughts were interrupted by her 

tapping him on the shoulder. She let him know that 

it's time to work on something and tells him to grab 

a coffee cup from the kitchen and fill it halfway 

with pennies from the jar on the counter. When 

finished he returns and stands in front of her, cup 

in hand. Motioning to the corner of the room she 

tells him to place the cup on the end table there. As 

he does this she begins to explain why.



"We're going to work a little on your movements and 

how you carry yourself.

First of all, you are no longer allowed to display 

any masculine traits or motions. This includes how 

you walk, sit, and all other motions. That even 

includes sitting when you go to the bathroom. Right 

now we're going to work on your walk. What I want you 

to do is go to the kitchen and grab another coffee 

cup and place it on the kitchen table. From there 

you're going to walk to the opposite corner of the 

room and grab a penny out of the cup. Then, you will 

walk back into the kitchen and place the penny in the 

cup on the table. You're going to do this until 

you've transferred all the pennies from one cup to 

the other. While you do this you will focus on how 

you carry yourself while you walk, avoiding any 

stumbles, missteps or clumsy movements." She motions 

to the cup in the corner, letting him know that he 

can begin.



As he grabs the first penny he tries to estimate how 

many are there and figures there must be at least 

100. From her position on the couch she corrects and 

instructs him to walk properly reminding him to be 

careful and not to rush. When he looks down to check 

how he is placing his feet he is immediately 

corrected and told that isn't allowed. She tells him 

to return to the cup and bring her the penny he had 

just placed there, then continue. A few trips later 

he stumbles on the way to the kitchen. Again he's 

told to bring the penny to her.



This continues until after about 20 roundtrips she 

begins to see him getting sloppy and warns him about 

it. By the time he's halfway done, he's had to bring 

her six pennies for mistakes and again he begins to 

get sloppy. He's told to bring the penny in hand to 

her again without being told why then instructed to 

stand where he is until she returns. She returns with 

a pair of thumbscrew type nipple clamps. While 

letting him know that he's gotten sloppy again, she 

drops his blouse and places the clamps on his chest, 

tightening each until he lets out a whimper and 

mentioning to him that perhaps these will keep him 

focused on the task at hand. He continues with the 

clamps on his chest constantly reminding him to be 

careful.



After what seemed like an eternity, he drops the 

final penny into the cup only having to bring her 

another 2 for a total of 7. He's been told to bring 

the cup to her and kneel in front of her to count 

them. He counts quickly, the dull pain in his chest 

urging him on. When he tells her that there were 103 

she tells him to write in his notebook that he failed 

seven times out of 110. Reaching under the couch she 

brings out a long leather strap. Handing him one of 7 

pennies she tells him to bend over and lift his 

skirt. Without pause she swings the strap, connecting 

with a loud crack. He lets out a yelp and struggles 

to maintain his balance. She then tells him to return 

the cup to the table and return the penny in his hand 

to the cup, then return to her. He does and again 

he's handed a penny and told to bend over and lift 

his skirt. This time before she swings she warns him 

that should he fall, he has to start this whole 

lesson over again. Then she brings the strap down 

hard. Again he yelps and returns the penny to the 

cup. By the time they got to the last one, his legs 

are trembling uncontrollably as he bends over -- 

partly due to exhaustion and partly due to fear of 

having to start over again. She pulls no punches but 

he manages to stay standing and after returning the 

penny to the cup is told to kneel upright in front of 

her.



Pulling down his blouse she tells him "You did pretty 

good, and with practice you'll get much better." He 

squeals and twists as she removes first one of the 

clamps than the other and the blood flows back.



Grateful to be off his feet, he tips forward onto all 

fours and rests his head on his forearms as the pain 

in his chest fades to a dull ache. Almost immediately 

she asks, "aren't going to thank me for that little 

lesson?"



He pulls in a deep breath as he slightly shakes his 

head. He almost can't believe it. He probably 

couldn't have stood another minute on those heels the 

way his feet ached and he knows that she was trying 

to knock him over with that paddle. Now she wants me 

to thank her? Lifting his head he sees her position 

one of her feet close to him. He plants a few kisses 

on her foot as he says "thank you ma'am." Then rests 

his head again. She senses a tone in his voice and 

moves her foot to tap him on the head as she notes 

out loud "well, that didn't sound very sincere. Is 

there a problem?" Again he draws a heavy breath and 

pauses for a moment to resist the urge to complain or 

tell her off. "No ma'am, I'm just tired. Thank you." 

He replies, his head still resting on his arms. 

Moments later he feels the end of a crop slipping 

beneath his chin and pushing his head up. He tries to 

hide his emotions from showing on his face as he sits 

up in the kneeling position and looks across at her. 

She studies his face for moment, then sets the crop 

down next her. She leans back and announces, "OK, 

that's it. We need to talk one-on-one. It's important 

that we be perfectly clear on what's happening here, 

so I'm going to explain it from my point of view. And 

you're welcome to give your opinion."



"Now, I had been seeking a subjugated obedient little 

maid to do my bidding for some time. What's more is I 

also wanted a maid that would make anyone envious and 

impressed with how well trained she was. I was 

looking for a maidservant well before you answered my 

ad. And then you contacted me saying that you were 

looking to serve and you wanted to be trained and 

about how you 'crave helplessness'. I considered and 

accepted you not just on what you were looking for 

but also on your look as well as what you are willing 

to do, what you've done and what your limits are. 

Since then, not only have I turned away others but I 

also have time invested in you. So whether you like 

it or not, you're it because I have no intention of 

starting over. You're going to be held to some very 

high standards once you're in-service, and you need 

to be prepared for that. If you want me to start 

holding you to them right away, I will. But I think 

you know that if I did, you would be in so much 

trouble so fast it would make your head spin."



"You had ample opportunity to ask questions when we 

were discussing all this. You stated your limits and 

they matched almost perfectly with mine so I didn't 

ask you to change a thing. You came of your own free 

will. And if now you have decided that this isn't 

what you want, I would suggest concentrating 100 

percent on your training. That way you can begin 

serving and can start counting off those 180 days."



He had turned his gaze downward when she first 

started to speak and it had dropped steadily since. 

By the time she finished his chin rested against his 

chest.



There was a long pause and then she asked, "Am I 

wrong about any of this? Is there anything you'd like 

to say?"



As he continued to stare at the floor he realized 

that there was nothing he really could say. He 

couldn't argue against the truth and he knew that it 

wouldn't do any good to complain about the situation. 

That would probably only get him in deeper and she 

would probably love that.



A few moments passed when suddenly she barked "Well?" 

He jumped, startled at the break in silence then 

replied a meek "no ma'am", after which she directed 

him to her feet so that he could thank her properly. 

As he did this she leaned back on the couch her hands 

behind her head and began to think out loud. "Maybe I 

should give you a taste of what will be expected of 

you. That could be fun watching you struggle to 

perform. Totally unprepared and racking up the 

corrective discipline." Hearing this he became more 

attentive of her feet and she took note of this with 

a smile. "Who knows, I just may try that tomorrow".



A short while later, she motioned for him to sit up 

and he did, at her feet and resting his back against 

the couch. She then reached out and brushed the hair 

from his face. As she did this she explained to him 

that this doesn't need to be confrontational and to a 

certain degree it is really up to him how difficult 

or how easy it ends up being. He nods his head 

indicating that he understands, suppressing the urge 

to ask her then why she is making it so hard. A half-

hour passes until she announces that it's about time 

to get ready for bed. She has him present his wrists 

and ankles and she removes the cuffs as well as his 

collar then tells him to hit the shower.



Again, he studies himself in the mirror as he removes 

his wig and uniform then washes his face. Shaking his 

head he almost can't believe he's here. It now seems 

so surreal. Removing his uniform then stepping into 

the shower he lingers under the hot water letting it 

wash away some of his body aches. Moments later he 

hears the door opened and she enters. Without looking 

in on him, she announces that she's going to leave 

something on the counter for him to wear and that she 

would take care of his uniform for him, which she 

grabs before she leaves. He washes himself well then 

lingers under the hot water until he becomes 

concerned that he may be taking too long. Exiting the 

shower to towel off, he sees that she has left his 

collar on the counter along with an open padlock. 

When finished drying himself, he folds the towel 

carefully and returns it to the rack.



Meanwhile, she takes note that the water has been 

turned off. She waits for about five minutes then 

enters the bathroom, one hand behind her back holding 

a short leash and a pair of handcuffs. He had dried 

himself already and had just finished placing the 

collar on his neck.



"All cleaned up?" She says with a smile.



He nods and replies a simple "yes ma'am."



She tells him to rest his hands behind his back and 

turn away from her and he complies. She deftly slips 

the cuffs on his wrists and ratchets them in place. 

Placing one hand on his shoulder she turns him toward 

her as she speaks to him.



"Sorry about the cuffs, but with all that's happened 

today I figure better safe than sorry." Reaching up, 

she clips the leash to his collar and leads him out 

of the bathroom. "Besides, I'm having a bit of 

difficulty getting a read on you and the last thing I 

want is any trouble tonight."



Leading him into her bedroom he sees that there's a 

blanket and the pillow laid out on the floor at the 

foot of the bed. She guides him to the floor then 

secures the leash to the footrest of the bed with a 

padlock, leaving about two feet of chain.



"So you're going to be sleeping in here tonight." She 

then removes the handcuffs. She drapes a blanket over 

him and adds "maybe tomorrow you can put me at ease 

by your behavior." With that she hops in the bed and 

turns off lights, leaving him on the floor.



He sleeps in fits and starts, drifting in and out of 

sleep. When he hears the alarm ring in the morning he 

sits up only to be stopped abruptly by the collar 

around his neck. It takes a moment to remember where 

he is, as if waking from a dream. He hears her stir 

as she turns off the alarm, then silence. A few 

minutes pass and his fingers nervously trace the 

collar and padlock around his neck. He thinks he 

hears her slip off the side of the bed but he can't 

be sure. Staring up at the ceiling he sees her head 

pop out above the footboard and quickly he removes 

his hand from the collar, almost as if guilty of 

something. She sees his reaction and smirks a bit. 

Reaching over the end of the bed, key in hand, she 

unlocks the padlock securing the collar and tells him 

to stand. She then slips off the bed and walks to the 

closet as he stands up. She emerges from the closet 

holding an enema bag, which she hands off to him.



"I want you to go clean yourself out, call out to me 

when you're done" she tells him and she slips back 

into bed.



He stands there a few moments feeling slightly 

awkward and still shaking off the sleep he had just 

awoke from. His confusion is broke by the sound of 

her clearing her throat and he recognizes that he 

should get moving.



In the bathroom he cleans himself out twice, then 

after making sure that he's completely clean, he 

steps into the shower to quickly wash himself. While 

in the shower she slips in and sets his collar, 

wrists and ankle cuffs on the counter, then leaves 

without saying a word. He hadn't heard her slip in 

and so is surprised to see them on the counter. 

Drying himself off, he hears her call to him telling 

him not to close the padlocks on the cuffs just yet. 

He's in the middle of putting the collar on when she 

steps into the bathroom. He jumps, startled for a 

moment, and then continues trying to suppress his 

concern when he sees what is in her hand. She sets a 

large butt plug with a wide base on the bathroom 

counter, and turns to face him.



"Once you've got that in, I want you to connect the 

locks for your wrist cuffs to the D-rings on the 

collar before you close them, then get down on your 

knees facing away from the bathroom door. When you're 

done call out to me."



With that, she exited as quickly as she had come in. 

It took him a while but he eventually managed to get 

the plug to slip past its widest point. He felt 

uncomfortably full as he got down on his knees and 

struggled with the padlock's connecting his wrists to 

his collar.



And that's just how he was when she reentered. She 

couldn't help but smile at the prone figure on the 

floor, plug and ass in the air. Unfolding the special 

harness, she then knelt down behind him. The harness 

appeared deceptively similar to a pair of latex 

underwear with a pouch inside and in front. She held 

the pouch open and slid it up onto his sex, guiding 

it into the pouch. Pulling a drawstring, it closes 

tight behind his balls. Pulling the harness up around 

to the small of his back, she pulls another 

drawstring and he can feel the pouch drawn back and 

between his legs, up tight against his body. Finally 

she grabs a strap from the front of the harness and 

guides it through a loop in the back, bringing it 

around to the front where it's buckled tight and 

locked around his waist. As she draws it tight he can 

feel the plug pushed further inside of him, and 

reacts with a slight moan. Ordering him to his feet, 

she unlocks the cuffs at his collar. Once off the 

collar she closes the locks on the cuffs again.



"Start on your makeup, I'll be back with your 

clothes."



He found it a little more difficult to concentrate on 

his makeup because of the pressure from the plug. On 

top of that, his eyes kept drifting down to his 

crotch; amazed at how well the harness hid his sex. 

As he worked on his face, she stepped in with his 

clothes and a wig. Setting them down she instructed 

him to meet her in the living room once he was 

dressed.



He looked over at the black and white maids outfit 

and replied a simple "yes ma'am."



Once finished with his makeup and hair he began to 

get dressed, but quickly noticed that she left no 

stockings or shoes. Once he had everything on, he was 

unsure of what to do next. He wondered if he should 

call out to her and wait to see if she would bring 

them, or just meet her where she said. He finally 

chose to go out there as he was. It was odd how he 

actually felt undressed stepping out into the living 

room, then standing at attention as he announced "I'm 

finished ma'am, but there were no shoes left for me."



She looked over at him with a slight smile. "That's 

because I left none.

Come over here then turn around and kneel, facing 

away from me."



She removed his ankle cuffs then told him to place 

his arms at his sides. As he knelt there she slid 

another pair of leather cuffs around his arms 

directly above the elbows and padlocked them in place 

connected by about 18 inches of fine chain. He 

remembered these from when she had him in the hood 

and posture collar and his stomach did a somersault. 

She then ordered him down onto his hands and knees. 

Lifting the maids outfit she undid the knot in the 

corset laces, then straddling him she pulled the 

laces tight. He reacted with a slight moan as the 

corset tightened. She then placed a knee in the small 

of his back and gave the laces a final tug, before 

tying them off. As she pulled his uniform back down 

she let him know that he should have left no more 

than a 1-inch gap and that he should be more careful 

in the future.



She sat down and told him to turn around and kneel 

facing her. She then placed a new pair of stockings 

in front of him.



"Now then, I thought that I detected a little bit of 

attitude from you yesterday. This, after I went 

through all the trouble of helping you walk in the 

heels better. It seems to me that you felt you didn't 

need to or didn't want to improve. Now I could be 

wrong about what I saw, but I doubt it. Besides this 

will be a good learning experience."



She then set a pair of his ankle strap pumps with 

five and a half-inch heels as well as a tin of shoe 

polish in front of them. "I know that you're used to 

fishnets, but I want you to wear these. I expect you 

to be extremely careful with them because if you 

snag, run or damage them in any way you will pay 

dearly. I'll probably inspect them, at least at the 

end of the day, but you may want to let me know of 

anything that happens to them as soon as it happens. 

The shoes I want you to buff and polish before you 

put them on. Once on, the only marks I expect to see 

on them would be on the bottom face. That means no 

scuffmarks from bumping into the furniture or each 

other. Again, with this I would suggest you be very 

careful as well as let me know if you have any 

problems."



With that, she stood and placed her hands on her hips



"This should give you a small example of the 

standards you may be held to once in-service, at 

least as far as your uniform goes. Now hurry and 

let's get those on so that you can start breakfast."



Grabbing the shoes and the shoe polish he buffed the 

heels until they shined, then when he thought he was 

done with them, he went over them a second time 

realizing that he could be blamed for scuff marks 

already on them. He carefully slid the stockings over 

his feet, being careful not to snag them. He was 

focused on not allowing his toenails or the calluses 

of his feet to catch the delicate fabric. Perhaps a 

bit too worried as he caught one stocking on one of 

his fingernails. He panicked a bit and made it worse 

by pulling, then caught himself. Moving in the 

opposite direction he carefully unhooked his nail. 

Inspecting the fabric he was thankful to see that he 

hadn't started a run, but there was a small snag. It 

was just a slight bunching of material, noticeable 

but barely. He finished unrolling it up his leg then 

started on the other one as he debated whether or not 

to tell her about the small snag. Would she even 

notice? As he slipped the shoes on and buckled them 

into place he thought that the way things have been 

going, he had better tell her about the snag. 

Standing on the heels, their height hit home -- five 

and a half-inch heels and with no platform. These 

were the highest he could handle walking in yet alone 

being careful with. Looking to where he had last seen 

her he walked over to her bedroom door, but was 

startled by her exiting before he got there. She 

stopped to size him up nodding her approval.



After a moment's pause, he cleared his throat and 

began, "ma'am, I'm afraid I put a small snag in one 

of the stockings while putting them on."



She instructed him to show her, and she took note of 

it. She then told him that he didn't have to write it 

in his notebook. Instead they would just add them all 

up when the time comes. She even thanked him for 

telling her and he let out a sigh of relief. Relief 

that was short-lived however when she informed him 

that just for reference, a snag like that would cost 

him about 10 strokes or maybe 10 clothespins for 10 

minutes. That was much better than the 25 he could've 

received for not telling her. 10 strokes? He thought 

to himself. It could barely be seen! What if he had 

actually put a run in them?



She took note of the look of bewilderment on his face 

and would have smiled, but she didn't want him to 

see. Instead, she kept a straight face.



"We can re-educate you about that later and 

throughout the day -- which reminds me, in the 

bedroom there's a rope hanging from a pulley. It's 

directly above an eyebolt in the floor. I need you to 

attach a spreader bar to the floor. And while you're 

at it, grab all three strings of clamps from the 

closet and lay them on the dresser in that corner. 

You can take care of that after you start breakfast."



She shooed him back into the kitchen as she headed 

for the couch. Before he could ask she called out "3 

eggs, over easy, hash browns and an English muffin 

with butter and jam. Orange juice with the meal and 

coffee now." On hearing that he looked out into 

living room and saw that she already had a coffee 

cup. He minced out into living room to retrieve it.



On his way back to fill it he heard her call out "no 

need for the tray, but I do want that filled to 

within quarter inch from the top."



He managed to fill the cup and return it to its 

coaster without incident then started cooking 

breakfast. As it cooks he walks to her bedroom and he 

rolls what she said over in his mind. Stepping into 

the closet he says to himself "spreader bar and three 

strings". Grabbing the spreader bar he looks for 

three strings of wood clothespins, then it hits him. 

Looking up he sees only one row of regular 

clothespins and he remembers the other two. One is a 

string of strong but smooth clamped clips, but the 

third was alligator clips -- serrated teeth and all. 

He began to shake and had to calm himself for a 

moment. Swallowing hard, he carried the spreader bar 

and the clips out into the room. He quickly attached 

the spreader bar and laid the clips out on the 

dresser, then rushed back to the kitchen to finish 

breakfast. His feet were already starting to ache by 

the time he announced to her that breakfast was 

served. And while he wasn't sure, he thinks he may 

have scuffed his shoes several times already.



He turned to begin cleaning up as she started to eat, 

but she stopped him.

Offering him a seat if he wished as they had 

something to discuss. She began by reminding him that 

today was Sunday and that she knew he had to work on 

Monday. She also reminded him that this upcoming 

weekend was the weekend of the ninth and while she 

knew he didn't have to work on Friday, she also 

wanted him to turn in a request for the following 

Monday off. This would give them another four-day 

weekend she said with a smile. She then had him 

confirm to her that he lived alone during the week, 

usually having his son on the weekends.



She explained that normally she would just have him 

return here Thursday night, however with the problems 

they've had so far she thinks it best that she drive 

him to work on Monday as well as pick him up. Unless 

he can show it to be a problem, she will continue to 

drop him off and pick him up all week. His heart felt 

heavy in his chest and he began what he thought was 

going to be a protest. He started with the words "but 

ma'am...." but was cut off by her.



"Now before you start bitching, let me remind you 

that you yourself said your son wasn't with you during

the week. Remember, you have to be completely honest with me 

about the time you're available to serve and that a 

lie by omission is still a lie. And of course being 

dishonest is one of three things that you're quite 

aware I simply will not tolerate. If I catch you in a 

lie, I will make your life miserable and that's a 

promise. Keeping that in mind, is there still 

something you want to say?"



He knew there was no reason why he couldn't serve 

through next weekend, but he still didn't think it 

was fair and was becoming upset. Then suddenly it hit 

him why it wasn't fair and he spoke up.



"But you said I only had to serve 40 hours a month, 

I've already been here more than 40."



On hearing this she stopped eating and pointed at him 

with her fork.



"No, no no, let me remind you the agreement was you 

must serve a minimum of 40 hours. There's nothing 

written about a maximum, as long as it doesn't 

interfere with your job or family."



His head spun as he thought to himself, "did it 

really say that?"



The more he thought about it, the more he thought 

that she was right. All he could do was sit there 

shaking his head. She finished her breakfast and 

pushed her plate away from her. Standing up as she 

looked over at him, she decided to snap him out of 

it. Bending over and placing both hands of the table, 

she speaks directly to him.



"Listen up, you are the one who decided to be a 

problem child. Before we started this I gave you 

three rules that were absolutes, and you broke two of 

them in the first weekend. One of them twice! Now 

then, if you're just going to sit there shaking your 

head, you might as well be ball gagged, hogtied and 

stuffed in the back of a closet. You have made a very 

poor first impression, and it would be in your best 

interest to do everything you can to correct that. 

Now grab yourself something to eat and get started on 

the breakfast dishes and cleanup."



He found himself torn with emotions. On one hand he 

honestly thought he was going to cry, and yet when 

she began speaking so forcefully to him, he felt his 

restricted sex stir in its confines as he did the 

dishes and cleanup. She meanwhile kept a close eye on 

him from the living room, watching for when he would 

be finished. And as soon as he was she approached 

him, leash in hand.



Looking at him, she announced, "now then, little 

girl, because of the attitude you gave me about that 

little training exercise we did, I told you that I 

was going to give you a taste of being held to a high 

standard. So, let's have a look."



Clipping the leash to his collar she turned and led 

him to her home office and sat him next to her 

computer. Stepping behind him, she attached his wrist 

cuffs to a pair of clips mounted beneath it. She got 

on one knee and began to examine his shoes. Then she 

began to count off "1, 2, " she trailed off and he 

thinks he hears her say 5 total, and she stands and 

confirms this. "5 scuffs in a mere two hours, but I'm 

not done. There is another 2 for water spots, one for 

each shoe, apparently from you dripping on your 

shoes. So that's 7. Also, you'll find that crooked 

seams are a major pet peeve of mine so that's another 

10, 5 for each for your seams. So that's 17 total. 

Normally that would be 10 points each, or 170 total 

but I'm afraid you didn't tell me about any of these 

or catch them yourself, so I'm afraid that's doubled 

for 340."



His heart sank as she added the totals and he 

squirmed in the chair. "Plus another 24 for what we 

didn't finish when I had you spread eagle on the 

bed." She then leaned over and grabbed his notebook 

from his apron. "There's more than 100 here, but 

we'll round it off to an even 450 total." She turned 

the spreadsheet on the screen for him to see. "Now, I 

see that look in your eye and yes I'm afraid that 

each of these equals a single stroke with a cane. But 

that could be boring so don't fret dear. That could 

also be 2 strokes with a strap for each point, or 20 

clamps for 20 minutes could equal 20 points. 

Regardless, you will have plenty of time to catch up. 

And just so you know, you can always volunteer to 

work some of them off."



His stomach was doing back flips and he was starting 

to shake. He wanted to say something in his defense, 

or to just tell her he didn't want to do this 

anymore. But he knew it would do more harm than good. 

His bottom lip began to quiver and the more he tried 

to stop it, the worse it got. She could tell what his 

state of mind was, and when she saw his lip quivering 

she chose to pause for a few minutes to let it sink 

in. Leaning back in her chair, she crossed her legs 

then rested her elbow on the desk, her chin in her 

hand and stared at him until he looked up at her. She 

waited a long pause then began again.



"You see, this is all about taking responsibility for 

your actions, which you seem to have difficulty with. 

But that's O.K. because I have some news that will 

help you along. You see, I'm basically self-employed, 

which means that I pretty much set my own hours. What 

I'm going to do for you is change my work and sleep 

schedule around for at least the next month. That way 

you can report here late Monday night and serve me 

during the week, right up until you have to leave for 

work on Friday. You will still need to keep me 

informed of any weekend you may be available, of 

course, but this schedule will give us about 35 hours

a week to work with, so I feel this will help you adjust.

We still have some time until you need to start lunch, 

and I can see you are still having problems with 

this. I'm sure these 450 demerits are hanging heavy 

on your mind too, so lets take this opportunity to 

help you along a bit."



She stood up and walked behind him. He swallowed hard 

to try to keep his stomach down and closed his eyes 

to brace himself for what may come. He shifted 

uncomfortably in the chair, the plug he wore making 

it's presence more and more known the longer he sat. 

He felt her disconnect the wrist cuffs from the 

chair, but then felt them attached to one another. 

She ordered him out of the chair with a stern "UP!" 

and he struggled to his feet.



No sooner had he stood, than they were off and on 

their way with her leading him to her bedroom by the 

leash. Once inside she made a beeline for the 

spreader bar on the floor. Allowing his leash to hang 

loose as she bent down and secured his ankles. 

Reaching up to unclip the leash, she then stepped 

around behind him. He felt the leash clipped to his 

wrist cuffs then felt a slight tug downward on them 

as she wrapped the other end around the middle of the 

spreader bar. Stepping to the closet, she returned 

with a long leather strap. One end of this she slid 

beneath one arm, looped it around his back, then back 

out front beneath the other arm. The whole time he 

was becoming increasingly worried. She took the two 

ends of the strap and clipped them to the rope 

hanging from a pulley on the ceiling. Stepping over 

to the wall she pulled the opposite end tight and he 

found himself bound tight, standing with his arms 

pulled downward behind him. She picked up some type 

of harness off the dresser, and then paused to admire 

her handiwork before stepping around behind him. He 

saw the harness approach his face from over his head 

and recognized it as a pony bit gag. The low moans he 

had been unable to control turned to a whine and he 

bounced in place on the heels in frustration.



"Open up!" she commanded.



He couldn't help but say "please" and as he did, the 

bit slipped into place.



"Please what? Please change your attitude? Please 

help me accept my position? Why of course dear," she 

taunted as she tightened the chin and head straps. 

Stepping over to the dresser, she twisted the full-

length mirror towards him so he could see himself 

clearly, then picking up the wooden string of clips; 

she casually strolled up to him.



Draping the clips over his shoulder she ponders aloud 

about how many to use.

Pulling the top of his maid's outfit down, she tucks 

it into the top of his corset. Grabbing several of 

the wooden clips she begins to apply them across his 

chest, starting with one on each nipple, then fanning 

out from there until there is 7 on each breast. He 

hisses when the first one is applied, and by the last 

he is moaning as he clenches the bit in his teeth. 

She runs her hand down the length of them, pushing 

them down and he writhes in place. Then, almost 

matter-of-factly, she folds them up against his body 

and pulls the top of the maid's outfit over them. His 

eyes go wide and he yelps into the gag. She responds 

with a smile. He starts to beg through the gag and 

she shushes him, saying that it's much too early for 

that. Grabbing another handful of clips, she drops to 

one knee and lifts his skirt and petticoat.



She sees that his legs are trembling and remarks 

"Gee, I hope you're gonna be okay, after all you're 

gonna be here for a while!" and she lets out a low 

chuckle. "You know what? I forgot about your little 

harness you have on. Well, I can't put these on your 

balls, guess I'll have to put them on the inside of 

your thighs" she says, shrugging her shoulders.



At this point he begins to plead into the gag again. A 

muffled "please, no" escaped from behind the bit. 

Pinching the flesh on the inside of his thighs she 

attaches one pin then another, ignoring his pleas. 

She comes out from underneath the skirt and looks up 

at him. For a moment he thought she was done, then he 

sees her grabbing another handful of clips. He began 

shaking his head and saying "no, no!"



She clucks gently at him and says, "You know, it's OK 

to cry if you want. No one will think any less if 

you."



Again she disappears beneath the petticoat. As more 

flesh falls victim to the clips, he pulls more and 

more on the bonds. Finally she stands, satisfied with 

her work. His breathing has become rapid and he's 

biting hard on the bit.



Stepping back to admire her work she remarks "oh my, 

don't you look cute!

I'll be back, so don't you go anywhere." She says 

with a laugh and turns to leave. This time he screams 

into the gag and she remarks over her shoulder, "It's 

OK, you can scream. The room is soundproof enough and 

neighbors are far enough away that you shouldn't 

disturb anybody." Then he hears the door click shut 

behind her.



The fire from the clips slowly changes to a dull 

aching pain. He finds it hard to assemble a clear 

thought other than he can't believe she left him 

here, like this. After an eternity he hears her enter 

again. She walks in a wide slow circle around him. 

Grabbing a chair from the corner she sets it down 

about 10 feet in front of him. Then she sits down in 

front of him and crosses her legs, watching him with 

what seems to be cold indifference. He closes his 

eyes from the pain only to hear her bark, "Look at 

me!" And he opens his eyes again in time to see her 

slide her hand between her legs.



Her eyes half close and her head tips back as she 

asks him "so would you like me to take those clips 

off?"



He nods his head feverishly. She just smiles and 

says, "Aren't you going to say please?"



Clenching his teeth on the bit he moans "please".



She rises up out of the chair and walks to the wall 

where the ceiling rope is tied off. Undoing the rope, 

she sees him relax a bit. That is until he feels the 

leather straps dig under his arms and realizes that 

she's pulling the rope tighter. She ties the rope off 

and slowly walks towards him. He looks at her as she 

approaches and it's all he can do to shake his head. 

Standing directly in front of him she lowers the top 

of his maid uniform and he squirms in pain just from 

them falling straight again.



Grabbing the ends of a pin between her fingers she 

opens it just enough for the blood to return, then 

lets its snap back into place. He squeals into the 

gag, twisting on the leather strap. She does this 

again and again as he writhes in his bonds, growling 

with the bit clenched in his teeth. When she pauses 

and takes a step back, it takes a while for him to 

regain at least partial composure. He's winded and 

struggles to catch his breath. When she feels that 

he's recovered sufficiently she orders him in a 

sharp, stern voice to look at her. Their eyes meet 

and she sees the desperation in his as well as he 

sees the determination in hers. She steps towards 

him, speaking in a calm even tone.



"So you'd like me to take those off? Oh, I know they 

hurt, but don't you think you deserve them?" He can 

only answer by shaking his head as he is still trying 

to catch his breath and his thoughts are consumed by 

the throbbing pain in his shoulders, chest, thighs as 

well as his feet from being perched on the heels.



She continues, "You really don't think you deserve 

them? As I see it, I'm taking its easy on you. After 

all, I accept you for a position that many would be 

thankful for. A position you asked for. Then you 

totally disrespect me by trying to leave." She grabs 

his chin to make her point. "Am I right? Well?" He 

nods in the affirmative and she pushes his face 

sideways while growling, "you bet your ass I'm right, 

goddammit!! And you know what? I took it way too easy 

on you for that. Then I help you to improve by 

showing you to correct way to walk, and you develop 

an attitude as if you don't need the help. Either 

that or you just didn't want to do it, but I can't 

think of which is worse."



She lifts his petticoat with one hand. "By all 

rights, I should be twice as hard as I'm being on 

you. If you think making this difficult for me is 

going to improve your situation or make me give up, 

you are mistaken. Even if I entertained the thought 

of giving up before, now it's personal. A matter of 

pride."



She then grabs the side of his bit harness with one 

hand and says that she wants him to beg. He looks at 

her confused for but a second when she runs the other 

hand down the inside of his thigh stripping the clips 

off one after the other in quick order. His whole 

body goes tense as he cries out. Now he is pulling 

violently at his bonds and openly begging through the 

gag.



"Please what?" She asks.



"Please, stop." He mumbles through the gag.



She places her hand on his other thigh and says, 

"That's not what I want to hear." Then runs her hand 

down his thigh, stripping the clips away again.



He screams, twisting his body in place and when he 

recovers enough, asks through clenched teeth "what do 

you want then?"



She waits and allows him to catch his breath. Then 

steps back and begins to pace around him in a slow 

circle. "I'll tell you what I ultimately want. I want 

you to appreciate all that I've done and all I am 

going to do for you. For now, I want to hear you beg 

for your training. Tell me how much you want it. I 

want you to tell me that you've seen the error of 

your ways and that you'll do anything to make it up 

to me." She continues her slow circle watching as his 

chest heaves and his legs tremble.



He struggles to think straight, but as the fire from 

his thighs fades and he catches his breath he's just 

more aware of the throbbing in his chest and the pain 

from his sore feet and tired legs. Pulling a deep 

breath he tries to speak through the gag.



"Please, I'm sorry, I'll do anything just please, 

stop."



She continues her walk, waiting to hear more and 

carefully listening to the tone of his voice.



"Please... whatever you want," he pleads through 

clenched teeth.



She steps up behind him and reaches one arm around 

his waist and pulls herself up to his ear. "Tsk tsk, 

not only did that not sound the least bit sincere, 

but it didn't quite cover what I wanted. And that 

really is too bad."



She slips away from him and walks back to the 

dresser. Checking the full-length mirror there to 

make sure it faces him directly, then picks up the 

string full of alligator clips. Swinging them 

casually in her hand as she approaches him. His eyes 

once again closed from the pain, he opens them in 

time to see her walking towards him as well as the 

high heeled French maid in the mirror, bound and 

spread and obviously in distress. It is a bit surreal 

for him and he doesn't immediately see the clips in 

her hand. Then he does and he starts to bounce in 

place, like a child throwing a tantrum.



He squeals into the gag. "Noooo... please don't, 

pleaseeeeee... anything..." shaking his head side to 

side. "I can't... you... nooooo... don't do this..."



He is brought around by a hard slap to the face. 

"Listen up!" she commands. "You need to be quiet for 

a minute to hear this. You should consider yourself 

lucky, as you deserve much worse. Now these are going 

to leave marks, but they won't be permanent so I 

don't see how they violate any limits of yours." He 

trembles there before her, wide eyed and starts to 

shake his head side to side, which she ends with 

another slap to the face.



Grabbing several of the clips as she says, "Now, you 

are going to stand here and look at yourself in the 

mirror and think about your situation, how you got 

here, any mistakes you've made and what you're going 

to do to improve." He tenses up as she lifts his 

skirt and continues.



"Feel free to make all the noise you want. Beg me to 

stop if you want, but to tell the truth, I know you 

deserve worse and that just may encourage me" and 

with that she began placing the clips on the inside 

of his thighs, 4 on each.



He squealed and shook and tried to stay coherent, but 

felt he was going insane.

The pain was unimaginable and he began to sob as she 

stood back up.



She looked at him with a wry smile and told him, 

"Don't worry, you'll make it. Just concentrate on 

yourself in the mirror. By the way, don't let me see 

you looking away or closing your eyes." She tucked 

the clips on his chest back and pulled the top of his 

uniform back over them and he let out a gasp. Then 

she turned and walked towards the bedroom door, 

speaking over her shoulder as she did. "Now don't let 

me see you closing your eyes or looking away if and 

when I peek in on you because if you do, I have some 

shopping to do and I'll just toss my coat on and all 

you'll hear is the front door closing behind me." 

Looking back at him before she exits she says, "It's 

O.K. to cry if you need to, nothing to be ashamed 

about..."



Looking at the figure in the mirror across from him 

seemed almost surreal, as if it wasn't him. Yet when 

he saw her shake and begin to convulse with sobs from 

the pain, there was no doubt it was him...



By azsub1@yahoo.com

Questions or comments write above. 











He stood there, looking in pity at the figure before him.

The maid's outfit, the petticoat, the 5 inch heels and the

tear streaked makeup. Legs spread by a spreader bar and her

hands bound behind her, a harness holding her upright. His

mind told him that it was somebody else, and he wished it

were true. Yet with each heaving sob and each pull at the

bonds, the figure in the mirror mocked him. The whole thing

seemed so surreal, and although he wished otherwise he knew

the figure in the mirror was him.



The clothes pins on his chest were a mere annoyance

compared to the alligator clips on the inside of his

thighs. They dug at him with an intensity that he thought

would drive him insane. He'd been ordered not to look away

from himself and he thought that he'd seen her check in on

him. That seemed like an eternity ago and he didn't know

how much more he could take. His calves ached and his legs

trembled, but every time he tried to take his weight off

them, the strap beneath his arms would dig in cruelly. Then

from the corner of his eye he sees something move.



Meanwhile, she had slipped around the corner to look in on

him once again. She saw how his legs trembled and his chest

heaved. Seeing him like this excited her. The makeup and

tear streaked face, the guttural moaning and the worried,

fear filled eyes. She was a little concerned by how his

legs were trembling and yet as she saw this she grew flush.

A chill ran down her spine as she began to walk towards

him. She felt powerful and excited and her concern became

an afterthought.



His eyes dart towards the movement. He wants to turn his

head but remembers her warning about looking away from his

reflection. Then he sees her in the mirror behind him and

he becomes more animated, craning his neck as if trying to

get her attention. Having stopped about 10 feet from him,

she begins to slowly pace a circle around him, arms folded

across her chest. She disappears from the mirror's view and

she can see him panic. Almost as if by reflex he turns his

head to face her and he tries to speak, only to find that

he's been biting into the leather bit so hard that his

teeth had sunk into it, and it took a moment to get them

free. On seeing his head turn, she snapped "eyes forward"

but he continued to try to speak.



He got to as far as "please ma'am" before she cut him off

saying, "I said eyes forward bitch! Do I have to repeat

myself?"



Hearing the seriousness in her voice he snapped his head 

forward, but sighed heavily and continued to shift in his

bonds. She continued walking this half circle until she

stopped directly in front of him.



Staring at him, she continued, "What, now my questions are

left unanswered? Didn't I ask loud enough?"



All he could manage in response was a confused, "No ma'am,

I didn't mean..." He paused for half a beat, then began

begging and whining through the gag. "Please ma'am,

please... I won't, I mean I'm sorry..."



But he had difficulty forming a complete thought through

the pain of the clips and he started sobbing again. She

flashed him a look of false concern and she stepped towards

him, clucking under her breath.



Riding crop in hand, she slides the tip beneath his

petticoat to get his attention as she tells him to "Listen

up. Calm down and look me squarely in the eye."



He'd heard her and he tried, but he couldn't stop the sobs

that were flowing through his body. However, that changed

rather quickly when she began tapping the clips on his

thighs with the end of the crop. He bit down hard on the

gag and started to scream.



As the scream faded she stepped forward and grabbed hold of

his head harness. He drew a deep breath and managed to

contain himself long enough to open his eyes when he felt

the pull at the harness and they found themselves staring

at each other, about a foot apart.



Holding the harness tight she shakes it slightly as she

asks through clenched teeth, "Have I made myself clear?"



To which he nods affirmative.



"So you know that lying is wrong?"



Again he nods and attempts a feeble, mouthed reply. She

lets go the harness as she raises his petticoat with the

other hand.



"Understand, you have had more than enough chances and more

than enough warnings... And I want you to think about that

as I remove these clips. No more chances, no more pity."



Having said that, she drops to her knees in front of him,

having decided that she might as well enjoy this. Slipping

a hand down the front of her skirt and beneath her panties.

Cupping her sex in one hand as she removes the clip from

his thigh with the other. He screams into the room as the

blood returns and his whole body tenses up as he pulls at

the bonds. Chills roll through her as she watches him

squirm. Her panties quickly become soaked as she

manipulates herself.



Pulling another clip off, she rocks on one hand while he

screams and writhes in front of her. Then as he begins to

regain his composure she stands up and pushes her panties

to her ankles. Stepping out of them she picks them up,

soaking wet. She holds them beneath his nose.



"Just look at what you do to me." she says as she slips a

finger beneath the bit of the gag. "Just six more to go."

she comments as she pulls the bit down slightly and begins

stuffing the panties into his mouth.



Satisfied with her work she reaches down and grabs another

clip from his thigh. This time she grinds herself into him

as he writhes. Wrapping her arms around his head and

pulling her mouth to his ear she hisses...



"Hurts, don't it bitch... yeah you bet it does..." as she

grinds herself into his thigh. Her breath quickens as she

continues... "You like the taste of those panties, I can

tell..." She slips a hand down to her sex again as she

grabs the side of the head harness, pulling herself

close... "I think I see a tear, are you gonna cry for me

bitch? Huh, are you?"



She begins drawing breathes through pursed lips, then pulls

hard on the head harness, resting her weight on him he

cries out from the strap biting into him beneath his

arms...



"If you think this is bad... just imagine if I catch you in

another lie, or trying to skip out..."



Hanging on him she pulls off another clip, followed quickly

by another... He screams and tears run down his cheeks as

she begins squealing and her thighs clamp onto his leg...

She slips down him, flowing down onto the floor, on her

back, arching it as she manipulates herself. Her squeals

fade momentarily and then she begins rocking faster on her

hand.



"You think this is bad bitch?" she asks as she cruelly

pulls another off, this time not quite opening it

completely.



He swings his head back and forth as he screams and pulls

violently at his bonds, unable to stop even though his arms

ache... again her breath turns to a squeal as she hisses

the words through clenched teeth...



"Just imagine 20 of these down each thigh and another ten

on your balls..."



Grabbing the other clip in her fingers...



"Now imagine me removing them with the crop..." she pulls

the clip off and leans back, slipping both hands between

her legs... "Slapping them off one by one with the crop...

Yeah, I'd just love it if you would screw with me

again..." and now she screams as she goes from arching her

back to pulling herself into a ball in front of him...



He is incoherent at this point and his legs are shaking

wildly, unable to support himself any more. His head tipped

back and his eyes closed. She comes to her senses slowly,

then realizes his situation and can see that she probably

took him a bit too far. Rolling over she undoes the clips

connecting the ankle cuffs to the spreader bar. Quickly

standing, she moves herself on wobbly legs to the rope

anchor on the wall. Unwinding the rope she lets him down

slowly until all the tension is released. Grateful to be

off the heels, he rests his head on the floor even though

his wrists are still attached behind him. She allows him to

rests briefly before she approaches again.



As his breath slows he can see her approach out of the

corner of his eye. He tries not to the tremble as she

plants a booted foot on either side of his head. She drops

down into sitting position, and then he feels her hand at

the back of the harness on his head. She undoes the buckle

and loosens the harness enough so that she can slide the

bit beneath his chin and remove her panties from his mouth.

Then he feels her grip tighten and she pulls his head off

the floor. He doesn't have to ask as she slips beneath him

and lowers his face to her sex and as he starts to lap.



She coos, "That's it, clean it up good bitch!"



As he goes to work he stunned by how wet she is. In no time

his mind is taken off of this as he feels a hand at the top

of his maid's uniform. It's her, and with no notice she

removes one of the clips from his chest. As the blood

returns and he tenses up and moans loudly, inadvertently

pressing himself into her and she reacts with delight.



"Oh! That's kind of nice!"



Once he relaxes, she slips her hand in and removes another

clip and again he bucks beneath her. He can feel her

growing wet again and for the first time in quite some time

he chuckles to himself at the irony of it. After all, isn't

he supposed to be cleaning her up!



She hears him laugh and pulls on the harness, lifting him

off her sex. "Something funny, bitch?" she asks.



He replies, "No, Ma'am. It's just that the more I try to

dry you off, the wetter you get." then adds, "It's not you,

Ma'am." with some concern in his voice.



She tips her head back and laughs. "That is funny!" she

exclaims as she guides his head back to her.



As his face is pressed back into her sex he thinks that

maybe she's not a total bitch. Once again her hand is at

the clips and as she pulls each one off she presses his

face into her, to muffle his cries.



After using his face to bring her to several orgasms, she

slips out from beneath him. As she steps around behind him

to unlock his wrists she complements him on a job well

done. He's then told to clean himself up and fix his

makeup, then to return here and put everything away.



As she walks to the door she tells him, "And when you're

done with all that, report to me back out in the living

room."



He lay there spent. His chest and the inside his thighs

were raw, but even worse were his calf and thigh muscles

from standing so long spread Eagle. He stood unsteadily and

made his way to the bathroom. The balls of his feet began

to burn from having weight returned to them and once he

arrives at the bathroom he takes off the heels with a sigh

of relief, and then begins fixing his makeup. He's standing

in front of the mirror when he hears a single knock and the

door swing open as she peeks her head in.



She's all smiles and she tells him not to take too long as

it's almost lunchtime, then ducks her head back out. She

pauses in thought before closing it. Having failed to hear

the latch on the door click, he reaches over to close it

and is startled by her popping her head back in.



She is still smiling as she says, "Oh, by the way. The next

time you decide to be out of uniform by taking your shoes

off, you'll spend the night standing on them next to my

bed. As for this time, just make a note of it in your

notebook and write 10X next to it." And she slips back out

still smiling.



He stops what he's doing and puts the shoes back on before

finishing with his makeup. He looks himself over, then

exits and walks out into the living room. He's determined

not to screw up any more and so when he arrives he stands

at attention and waits for her to make eye contact.



After several minutes she looks directly at him and he tips

into a curtsy saying, "Ma'am."



She looks at him and draws a deep breath, then lets out a

sigh. "So you mean to tell me that you've put all that

stuff in the bedroom away like I asked?"



This took him by surprise and now he tries to remember what

she had said. As he stands there he realizes that he didn't

pay close attention. Hanging his head he replies, "No

ma'am." and she asks why. He clears his throat. "I'm sorry

ma'am I didn't pay close enough attention to what I was

supposed to do and forgot to pick up the room before coming

here."



At this point he's holding his chin to his chest and trying

not to shake as he wonders what she's going to do. Then he

hears her.



"Well, run along then and do what you need to do, I'll be

here waiting." And with that she shushes him away.



He minces into the bedroom, quietly cursing himself. At

first it's "what a stupid mistake!" and "I have to pay

better attention!". But then as he collects the clips off

the floor he stops in his tracks. "What the hell has she

done to me? I'm cursing myself for some trivial mistake

when I should be thinking about how to get the hell out of

here, or at least talk her out of this."



A chill runs through him as he returns the alligator clips

to the length of rope they were on. Returning the clips and

spreader bar to the closet he begins to snoop around, but

thinks better of it. Stepping out and taking a quick look

around, everything appears to be in place. Checking himself

before he steps out he comes across the notebook.



Then thinking to himself, "Thank God she didn't ask for

this earlier." he jots down that he had taken his shoes

off, then writes ten times beside it while shaking his

head.



Stepping out into the living room he tips a curtsy while

acknowledging her by saying "Ma'am.", then stands at

attention. She looks up from her seat, and then leans back

while looking him up and down.



Not bad, she thinks to herself. Things are actually working

out better-than-expected and she wonders just how far she

will be able to take him. Taking note that he is standing

at attention she remarks to him.



"So, have you reconsidered your attitude towards training?"



He wondered what she meant and she saw the look of

confusion on his face. She let him squirm for a minute, and

then explained.



"Remember our discussion about training, serving,

expectations and standards?"



He nods and replies. "Yes ma'am."



She stands up and places her hands on the hips. "Well,

here's your chance to give your opinion. I already gave you

an example and now I'm thinking that maybe it would be a

good idea to hold you to the higher standard as a kind of

crash course. That way you could start your 180 days right

away. The trouble with that is I will be merciless, and I

know as well as you that you're not ready. So what do you

think?"



He thinks about it for a long moment then replies, "I think

I need more training ma'am."



A frown crosses her face and as she shakes her head. "That

didn't sound very convincing, or sincere. Let me put it to

you this way and say you're not in training. That would

mean that you would spend the night standing next to the

bed waiting for me to get up, with only a five-minute break

every hour for taking your shoes off earlier. That would

also mean that right now you would be on your hands and

knees cleaning the bathroom with a toothbrush because of

the makeup in the sink. Of course that would be after your

caning for that lipstick smudge on your uniforms collar."



He begins to shake a bit and says, "Please ma'am, I think I

need more training."



"Why?" She asks.



He looks puzzled... "Why ma'am?" and she just nods...

"Well, because I don't want what you said to happen to me."



And with that she shakes her head in disapproval and takes

a step towards him. "What, do you have some kind of problem

being humble? Is it you can't admit your faults or consider

it humiliating?"



She takes a step to the side and walks around him as she

speaks, raising and lowering her voice as she walks into

the bedroom and back out again.



"This is how it should have sounded... 'Please continue to

train me ma'am. I'm sorry, I'm not very good at this yet

and I'm sorry I gave you an attitude about helping me. I

promise I'll do well...' and so on and so on."



Grabbing a kitchen chair as she passes she sets it down a

couple feet behind him as he fights the urge to look and

continues to stand at attention.



She continues, "Well, don't worry; I'm going to keep you in

training because there is no way you're ready for service."



She straddles the chair facing backwards as she orders him

to his knees and tells him to crawl to her. Once on his

knees he turns towards the chair, just in time to see her

securing a dildo and harness to the back of the chair.



Resting her arms on the chair back she says, "Come here

bitch. Let's see about this little problem you have with

humility."



Looking down at him she orders him to take the dildo in his

mouth and he eyes it with trepidation. She could see he

hates this and smiles.



"I'm not going to ask again, unless of course you want me

to replace this with a real one! I wanna see some

enthusiasm too."



His stomach rolled, but he did as she said. If that wasn't

enough she ordered him to look her in the eyes and he felt

as if he was shrinking before her. He felt himself become

small and helpless before her. He began to tremble as she

instructed him and taunted him about taking the whole

thing.



Again she was getting wet as she watched him look up at her

with those worried doe eyes. He's gonna be great she

thought, a perfect find. She didn't know what it was about

her, but she loved the distress in his face. She thought

back to other subs she has had. The pretenders who were

just looking for a kinky sexual experience. While she would

love to see one of them on there knees before her, they

would never let themselves fall into such a position. On

the other side were the pain slut trannies. There was

something unsatisfying about a willing submissive. She

needed the distress and fear, the feeling of control that

comes with domination. She relished the fact that he feels

he has no choice. She knows that if he thought he could, he

would get up and leave. He is there against his will

because of her will. Yet she also knows that with his

experience he won't be psychologically damaged by this and

that on some level he enjoys much of this, to a degree. If

he doesn't, he'll learn to...



Straddling the chair, she watches as he takes the dildo in

his mouth. Ordering him to show little more enthusiasm and

goading him on, she watches for a few minutes before she

stands up out of the chair.



"You just keep going like that. I don't want to see you

stop or slow down or you'll be there twice as long."

Stepping to the kitchen she keeps an eye on him. "I guess

I'll be making my own lunch since you appear to be quite

busy." She said with a chuckle.



Casually making herself a sandwich she carries it back out

into the living room. Turning on the TV she rests her feet

on his back, using him as a footstool. Alternately watching

him and the television, she digs a heel into his back

whenever she sees him slow down. Each time she's rewarded

with a moan.



By the time an hour passed he was in severe distress. His

mouth had gone dry and sticky, his jaw ached and his arms

and knees were sore. Not to mention the small of his back

where she kept digging her heel. Then he could take no more

and pulled himself off completely.



Struggling to gather some moisture in his mouth he let out

a hoarse, "Please, water." Which he followed quickly with

an apology.



She had been ready to dig her heel in once more when she

felt all motion stop. But upon hearing his hoarse voice she

took her feet off his back as she told him. "Oh, that's

quite all right. I hadn't thought about how that might dry

your mouth out. Go get yourself a drink, and then you can

come back here and clean this stuff up."



As if by reflex he thanked her as he stood and steadied

himself on the heels. As he walked to the kitchen he

realized that he actually felt thankful, as if she was

benevolent.



As he gulped several glasses of water while standing at the

sink he thought to himself, "She must really be getting to

me, she just had me on the floor impaling my mouth with a

dildo for the past hour and I'm not only thanking her but

even worse, I actually feel thankful."



Straightening his uniform out then stepping back out into

the living room he tips a slight curtsy before picking up

the chair and the strap-on and walking them back to her

bedroom. Then returned to the living room to collect her

lunch plate and returned to the kitchen.



As he got ready to do the dishes she called out to him.

"When you're done with the dishes grab something quick to

eat and let me know when you're done."



He did the dishes carefully and really wasn't hungry when

he was done. So after taking a look around the kitchen to

see that all was in order he stepped back out into the

living room and presented himself to her. She looked him up

and down for a moment then told him to turn around facing

away from her. In short order he felt her lifting his

petticoat and his legs began to tremble as he wondered to

himself "what now?" Much to his relief she had simply

reached up and undid the lock that secures the waist/plug

harness.



"I want you to go to the bathroom and remove this, take

care of anything you have to, and then make yourself

presentable." And with that she sent him on his way.



Once in the bathroom he slips the harness from his waist.

Then sitting on the toilet he slips the plug from his

behind with a sigh. After he finishes cleaning himself and

the plug, he stands facing the mirror and touches up his

makeup. As he steps back out he is amazed at how much

lighter he feels without the plug. Stepping out into the

living room he can see her moving about, keys in hand and

purse on shoulder as if ready to leave. He's tempted to ask

but bites his tongue. She can almost see the question on

his face, and answers it in short order.



"We're going out so you need to go change your shoes. I

want you to wear the 5 inch pumps with the padlocking ankle

straps."



He stands there stunned for a moment. He's snapped out of

it when she flashes him a glare. Not quite sure what to

think, he turns and walks to his closet. Sitting down to

change his shoes, he is suddenly quite conscious of how he

is dressed. He no sooner has them on when she steps into

the room and hands him a pair of padlocks, already opened

of course.



She stands there as he closes the hasps, then asks, "Am I

going to have to use the leash on you while were out or are

you going to behave?"



Looking up at her he asks, "Can I ask where we are going?"



She tips her head back and laughs. "A little worried are

we? Well, if you must know we're going to a friend of mines

club. It's a drag club so I wouldn't worry about it being

lifestyle friendly and it's only about a block and a half

away. So do I need the collar and leash?"



Looking up at her as he snaps the locks in place he says to

her, "I'd rather not to wear the collar ma'am."



She in turn shakes a finger at him and says, "Best behavior

got that? Meet me in the living room when you're done."



He checks himself in the mirror before returning to the

living room and presenting himself to her. Opening the

padlocks she removes the collar from his neck and places it

in her jacket pocket remarking "just in case" with a smile.

She takes a step away from him and tells him to turn around

as she looks him up and down. Nodding, she motions for him

to follow as she heads to the front door.



His steps limited by the 5 inch heels, he struggles to

catch up with her. He looks around nervously for anyone

that may see him as she locks the front door behind them.

Walking to the car he again struggles to keep up. Stepping

around to the passenger-side he's momentarily confused when

she stops and stands next to the door. He opens the door

and begins to get in but is stopped by her hand on his arm.



"No no dear, you're driving."



He steps back and she slips into the passenger seat.

Closing her door and walking around to the driver-side he

continues to look around nervously. Gathering the petticoat

in front of him he manages to sit down and put his seatbelt

on as she hands him the keys. Testing how the pedals feel

beneath his heeled feet, he then starts the car. She gives

him directions and they were there in just a minute or two.



As he pulled up she remarked, "I told to it wasn't far, I

just thought that with those heels on you would prefer to

drive rather than walk. It should be pretty dead tonight

considering its Sunday."



He shuts off the car and they sit there for a moment before

he realizes that she's waiting for him to walk around and

open her door. Drawing a deep breath he opens the door and

steps around the car. Opening and holding her door as she

steps out then closes it behind her. She holds out her hand

to him and he returns the keys to her. Walking up to the

club's front door, he hurries and manages to get there in

time to hold the door open for her.



Stepping in he's relieved to see the club almost empty

except for a handful of people at the bar. Walking over to

the booths against one wall, she motions for him to sit.



"Have a seat. There's someone I have to say hello to, I'll

be right back."



He watches as she walks away, heading directly towards the

bar and is greeted warmly by the bartender, who motions for

her to come behind the bar and greets her with a warm

embrace. They sit and speak for a short time and he can see

them occasionally point or look over to him. He becomes

very self-conscious and suddenly wishes he could hide. She

meanwhile finishes her conversation and works her way back

to the table.



She slips into the booth and instructs him to keep an eye

on the bar as they have drinks coming and that he should go

get them when they're ready, which they quickly are. He

sees her friend from behind the bar motion to him. Bracing

himself he casually walks to the bar trying not to gather

attention. As he gets closer he suddenly sees that two of

the "women" at the bar were actually men. They nod at him

as he leans against the bar and waits to catch the

bartender's eye.



The bartender sees him there and motions to the drinks

saying, "There you go dear. Now be careful not to spill

them!" The bartender is an older lady, early '50s perhaps

but not unattractive and she eyes him up and down as he

grabs the drinks and walks back to the booth.



They sit across from each other in awkward silence until

she finally breaks it and asks, "Well dear, what do you

think?"



Unsure of how to respond he lowers his eyes and says,

"About what, ma'am?"



Then he feels her foot slide up between his legs and his

eyes roll back in his head. She shakes her head smiling as

she presses her toes into his crotch.



"About our whole arrangement of course. You know, I think

that you would really enjoy this if you just let go."



He looks up at her, but says nothing.



"You said you enjoy giving up control, and I can see that

you do." She pauses with a smile as she feels him growing

beneath her foot. She then crosses her feet beneath her and

straightens up in the seat. "Well, I just think that if you

accepted your position and the fact that you really do have

no choice, you would then begin obeying without question or

hesitation. Once we got to that point, things would move

along just fine and we would be quite happy with the

situation. But that's just my opinion." And with that she

raised her glass to him.



"Cheers!" And he raised his glass to hers.



The atmosphere between them lightened, and another round

was brought to them with nothing but a look and a nod

between her and the bartender. She asked about his work and

him about hers. With the second-round gone he looks over to

see the bartender has stepped away. She looks across at

him.



"Well, it looks like she stepped away for a minute. But I

also see that she left her tray here. Why don't you collect

up our glasses and take them to the bar and you can bring

us back to couple of fresh ones."



And with that he snapped back to reality.



Picking up the tray he is suddenly aware that the club has

gotten slightly busier, and he's painfully aware of how he's

dressed. By the time he gets to the bar the bartender has

returned and she looks over at him with a smile as he sets

the tray down. She takes his order while giving him a

knowing smile. As she rings the drinks up at the register

he realizes that he has no money, yet alone pockets. He

holds a finger up to signal that he will be right back and

makes his way back to the table. On the way there he's

startled and stopped by a large hand on his wrist. He turns

to see two gentlemen at the table and he soon realizes that

they think he is a waitress. He explains he's not and they

send him on his way, slightly puzzled.



She smiles to herself as she watches her little whore makes

his way back to the table. She chuckles as he explains that

he needs money for the drinks.



"Oh yeah, I guess you didn't bring any. Well here you go

dear." handing him a 10. "By the way, what did those

gentlemen want from you?"



He looks down at his feet as he explains how they thought

that he was a waitress.



"Well looking at how you're dressed it would seem an honest

mistake. I'll tell you what, on your way back why don't you

stop and ask them what they want to drink."



His eyes widen, "But ma'am, I can't..."



And his sentence is cut short by her grabbing him by the

collar of his blouse and pulling him towards her. He can

see the sudden change in her attitude and as he's pulled

towards her he can hear her hiss through clenched teeth.



"Now listen bitch, this is exactly the type of thing I was

talking about. How dare you question me, and in public no

less. Now you've already earned yourself a tanned ass and

you better pray that nobody else heard that. I suggest you

get moving." And with that she releases him.



He can hear the anger in her voice and he has to restrain

himself from panicking. Looking around the room as he makes

his way back to the gentlemen's table, he sees the exit and

briefly considers heading for it, but realizes it would be

futile.



Stopping next to the table, his voice breaks as he asks

what they would like to drink. They both look at him

quizzically but ask no questions as they give him their

order.



Once at the bar he relays the order to the bartender who

makes the comment. "I see your playing waitress today. Just

don't forget to collect seven bucks for their drinks,

honey."



Carefully balancing the tray as he walks back to the table,

he sets the drinks down and announces, "That will be 7

dollars."



At which point one of the gentlemen gives him a $10 bill,

instructing him to keep the change. He then continues back

to the booth where she sits. Setting the drinks down, he

lets her know that he has to return to the bar to pay for

the other drinks. She simply waives him off without even

making eye contact. He then hurries back to the bar,

dropping the ten off and letting the bartender know the

other three was a tip.



On returning to the booth he can almost feel how the

atmosphere has chilled. Moments pass and she still does not

make eye contact with him.



Until finally he offers, "I'm sorry I questioned you,

ma'am." She looks at him and he can see that she wants

more. "I'm sorry I forgot my position. My questioning you

was more of a reflex than anything else and I didn't mean

to do it."



Sitting back, she crosses her arms in front of her as she

eyes him up. "Let's be perfectly clear here. You just

forgot your position, which says to me that you've accepted

it, but you still have some nasty habits to break. The fact

that you're apologizing to me tells me that you want to do

better. So let me ask you this, do you really want to

become my proper little maidservant?"



At this point he knows disagreeing will do no good, and so

still looking down he nods his head yes. She leans forward

on the table...



"I can't hear your head rattle. I want to hear you say it.

I want to hear you say it like you mean it. Come on now,

here's your chance to redeem yourself, and at least

partially make up for questioning me."



Raising his head he sees her looking directly at him. His

voice cracks as he says, "Yes ma'am, I do want to be your

maidservant." She rolls her hand in the air, urging him on.

"I really want to do better, and I can't thank you enough

for helping me. Please help me the best maidservant to you

that I can be."



A smile broke on her face as she leaned back chuckling.

"That sounds so nice. See, don't you feel better admitting

it?"



And even though his stomach was doing back flips he replied

a simple "Yes."



Looking quite pleased with herself, "Well, I'll do my

best." She says with a smile and a wink. "You had better

drink up cuz we'll be leaving soon. Don't forget you have

to work tomorrow." She grabs her drink and stands. "I'm

going to go corner my friend and say goodnight. I shouldn't

be long so just wait here for me."



He sat there uneasy, contemplating the situation he was in.

20 minutes later he can see her and her friend, the club

owner, approaching. They stop just short of the booth. They

lean towards each other, as they exchange several unheard

comments.



Then he hears her voice, commanding yet casual. "Step out

here a minute dear, let's have a good look at you."



He stands, a bit uneasy on the heels.



"Now give us a spin and walk up and down the aisle here,

and you had better be careful not to stumble."



He spins in place then walks the narrow aisle towards them.

Looking at her and her friend he can see a threatening look

flash across her face, while her friend just smiles. He

suddenly became less concerned about the, if any, bar

patrons watching him and much more concerned about taking a

miss-step. Turning a few feet in front of them, he walked

back to where he started. All the while he was trying to

remember how to stand at attention the way she had

instructed him. It was only 4 days ago and yet it seemed

like an eternity. On reaching the booth he turned to face

them. Placing his feet as close as he could without them

touching and standing as straight as he could, he cups one

hand in the other behind his back. Standing there as still

as he can, he can see her give him a slight nod of approval

while her friend is smiling widely and appears to be

complimenting her. He remains standing as still as he can

as he watches them say their goodbyes.



He is still standing at attention when she approaches him.

As she grabs her purse from the booth she remarks to him

"Good girl, at least you're beginning to get it. Now let's

get going." and with that heads directly towards the door.



It takes him a moment to realize that they are leaving and

he rushes to catch up and open the door. Holding it open as

she passes through, he rushes again to open the passenger

door for her. Walking back around, he slips into the

driver's seat. She is holding the keys up in her hand as

she asks him if he is okay to drive and he assures her that

he is. As he pulls out she reminds him of what he's wearing

and that he probably wouldn't enjoy getting dragged off to

jail dressed like that. He shudders at the thought of it

and yet it seems that no sooner has he started driving than

she is pointing out her driveway. Within 3 minutes of

having started the car he's pulling into her garage and

turning it off. He hurries around the car to open her door.

Once out, she extends her hand and retrieves the keys from

him.



She motions for him to follow as she heads inside. "I want

you to draw me a bath right away, then you can meet me in

the living room with a pen and a blank sheet of paper."



He can't help but think "what now?" as he draws her bath.

He thinks that he hears her bedroom door open and close,

but it's hard to tell over the running water. Once

finished, he slips into the spare room to grab the pen and

notebook from his apron, yet found himself tying it around

his waist almost by reflex or habit. Seeing his ankle and

wrist cuffs as well as his collar there on the dresser

causes him to pause....



"She didn't tell me to put these on, but then again she did

tell me that the cuffs and collar were part of my standard

uniform"



He looks to see if the padlocks had been left open. Finding

they are, he decides that he had probably better wear them.

The closing of the locks still sends a chill up his spine.

Checking himself in the mirror seemed surreal to him. He

never would have thought he would be making such decisions,

yet here he is checking to see if his collar is straight.



She meanwhile is sitting at the kitchen table, legs crossed

and facing the hallway he should be coming down shortly.

Her mind wanders pleasantly as she waits and she pictures

how he looked in his uniform today



"Not bad, but how will he look once he is fully trained to

make all his motions feminine and graceful. Add to that a

bit of corset training, immaculate make-up, proper dress

and flawless grooming..."



A smile crosses her face as she pictures how he may look.

Add to that a spotless house, no laundry, dishes, cooking.

She hopes she can get him there as she can't really justify

stretching the 180 days by all that much and still be fair

and feel good about it. She finds herself secretly hoping

that he pulls a big time screw up, but pushes that out of

her mind. She is snapped out of the daydream by him

rounding the corner. She can't help but smile when she

notices the collar and cuffs on him. She hadn't even

thought about it and probably wouldn't have noticed. She

suppresses the smile as she motions him to the chair.



He is a bit surprised and comes to a clumsy stop when he

finds her at the table and before he can react she motions

for him to sit.



Handing him the pen she says, "I'm going to have you take a

bit of dictation. But first let me tell you that I'm very

pleased to see you have your collar and cuffs on. I may not

have noticed, but you took the initiative and I like that.

I know you have a fair amount of punishment coming to you

in your log. Remind me next time we're looking at it and I

may reduce it a bit..."



He was surprised with how pleased this made him feel and he

thanked her sincerely.



Resting back in her chair she announces, "Now back to more

serious matters. Take this down... Before we met, I

contacted my owner and asked to serve. I accepted a

position offered of my own free will and fully understood

all that was involved in the position. I had been warned

and I fully understood that I must follow my owner's

commands promptly, without question and to my owner's

satisfaction. I understood that any discrepancy, regardless

of intent and whether real or perceived, could result in

punishment most extreme. I also understood the only

exceptions to this were the limits I myself stated. I know

that I must accept as fair and just any commands and

punishments outside these limits."



Although he already knew all of what was said, they never

fail to send a chill down his spine. He looks over to her

to signal that he is done. She stands and looks down at

him.



"I'm going to give you 5-10 minutes to commit that to

memory." Then she steps out of the room towards her

bedroom.



Looking down at the paper reading and rereading it over and

over, he committed it to memory with relative ease. It

didn't seem to bother him so much when he was reading it

with a purpose, almost dry and technical. But now his mind

turned to what was next. He could tell she had more planned

for him, but what? He leaned back in the chair and tried to

relax, but couldn't.



Moments later he hears her call, "Into the bedroom, girl!"



He works his way to the bedroom with a sense of unease. He

can see her leaning with one arm against the wall, right

next to the full length mirror that was just outside the

bathroom. She motions to him to come to her, then points to

the floor a few feet in front of the mirror.



"Kneel here, facing the mirror."



He tries to push thoughts of the last time he was in front

of a mirror out of his head as he kneels.



"Now, this one is simple. All you have to do is kneel here

and look at yourself in the mirror. While you do this I

also want you to repeat that little paragraph you wrote. Do

it as if you are telling the person in the mirror. I want

you to continue to read it over and over and loud enough so

that I can hear it from the bathroom, and don't look away,

got it?"



From his kneeling position he looks up at her and says,

"Yes Ma'am."



As she turns away she says, "You can start now, and if you

think this is easy, just remember that the next time you

question me in public you might be there for 7-8 hrs."



Staring at himself in the mirror he begins to recite the

paragraph he had memorized. At first he concentrated on

getting the words right, but after a couple times the words

flowed. That was when he couldn't help but hear them and

what they meant. The butterflies took flight in his stomach

as he began to think about each line. He thought about the

limit's he had listed, then about all the things that fell

outside of them. It was as if the image in the mirror was

telling him what a tight spot he had gotten himself into.

Then it changed to him telling a submissive little maid

what she had gotten into, yet he knew it was him. It became

his normal male self telling his submissive fem side that

they were stuck. Then he started going over ways out, and

the only thing he could come up with was to persevere. The

butterflies turned into a nervous anxiety and although he

wished he wasn't, he began to get excited.



Excited by his present situation as well as what may come,

and he couldn't shake it off. He was beginning to get

winded from constantly speaking loudly, and his knees

started to ache. However, before this even became a problem

she had stepped out of the bathroom and announced that he

could stop now. He stops the recital, but remains kneeling.

This doesn't last long as she calls him over to her from

where she is sitting on the edge of the bed. She tells him

to present his wrist and ankle cuffs and proceeds to remove

the locks. Then she tells him to strip and he remembers the

hard on he is sporting. He tries his best to hide it by

tucking it between his legs. And he tries to make it go

down by sheer force of will, but that only makes matters

worse. When he finally has to drop his petticoat she is

greeted with the obvious.



"Well, well. What do we have here? I put you in front of

the mirror to examine the position you're in, and you come

out of it with a hard-on. I wonder what that says about how

you really feel... You had better come back here and give

me your wrists."



She leans over, opens the nightstand drawer and removes a

18" pc of fine chain as he holds his wrists out. Hooking

one padlock hasp through the end of the chain, and then

closing the hasp on one wrist cuff, she then loops the

chain through a D ring on the collar and down to the other

wrist.



Sitting back on the bed to admire her work she says, "There

now, that ought to keep your hands away from that little

problem. The pillow and blanket are already on the floor

for you."



He works his way onto the floor at the end of the bed.

Shortly after he lays his head down, her face pops over the

footboard. Reaching down towards his neck, padlock in hand,

she locks his collar to a short length of chain, leaving

him secured to the footboard. Her head disappears over the

footboard as she wishes him a "nighty-night".



He looks down at the pup tent at his crotch. He can't

believe his second head has betrayed him again. Hundreds of

thoughts race through his mind, but he has a hard time

grabbing a hold of one. However the image of that helpless

maid crying in the mirror, then the maid kneeling keep

coming back to haunt him. He's not sure when he finally

falls asleep, but when he wakes the sun seems high in the

sky, and he didn't awake to an alarm. He tries to stretch

and is reminded of his present situation by the chain

connecting his wrists to his collar. He lays there staring

at the ceiling for about 10 minutes before she walks in.



"Time to get up, I let you sleep late today so that you're

alert at work. You still have some time though." She bends

down to unlock the collar and cuffs. "The shower awaits,

and I want you to clean yourself inside and out. I'll bring

your work clothes in once you're done."



He stood and shook the sleep off, then made his way to the

shower. He saw the enema bag hanging from the showerhead

and remembered she had said inside and out, which for some

reason hadn't registered with him at first. He filled the

bag and emptied it twice, then proceeded with his shower.

In the middle of it he hears her enter.



She calls out to him, "There's something I want you to put

in on the counter. Once you're done with that and dry, put

the wrist cuffs on. I want your hands behind your back with

the locks looped together and you kneeling, facing away

from the door."



He's pretty confident he knows what she wants so he's not

surprised to see a medium size anal plug on the counter

when he steps out of the shower. Kneeling down, the plug

slips in, helped along by a liberal amount of KY jelly.

Then reaching up for the cuffs and padlocks, he slips them

on and manipulates the padlocks closed behind him. Kneeling

there he calls out to her. Moments later she appears

through the doorway.



"Oh My! What a lovely view we have here... spread your legs

a bit more for me."



He can see her approach him with a harness and he feels her

wrap the belt of it around his waist. He moans softly when

she cups his balls in her hand. The pleasure is short lived

as she only holds them long enough to guide them into a

latex pouch at the front of the harness. The pouch was then

pulled back between his legs by 2 fine chains that ran from

the front of the belt and down the sides of the pouch,

merging into one at the tip of the pouch. Then threads

through a hole in the base of the plug and ends looped on

the padlock hasp that locks the belt in place at the small

of his back. Over that is a pair of thick latex panties 

that snap in place on the inside of the belt, prior to it

being pulled tight and locked in place.



As she checks her work she says, "Now, I don't know if you

remember this but the bottom of the pouch has an opening

and the panties have a slit in them so you can pee, you

just have to do it sitting down." She swats him on the ass

playfully as she stands. "I'm going to go get your work

clothes, I'll be right back."



On returning she grabs him by one of his arms which are

still bound behind him and helps him up. Guiding him into

the kitchen she guides him down onto a chair, his arms

looped over the back of it, and then she sits across from

him. She's a bit nervous, but does well at not showing it.

She hopes that the bit of mental manipulation she is about

to do has the desired effect. She looks over at him as

serious as she can.



"Okay now listen-up. I'm going to drive you to work and

drop you off. This will be the first time we'll be separate

since we started this and while there you may get the idea

that you can or want to end this and not come back. Be

forewarned, any violation of respect, commitment or honesty

and I won't hesitate to react in the extreme. You know what

your limits leave open. Think about it."



He had been listening to her intently with his stomach

doing flips, and when she was finished his voice cracked

when he replied, "Yes Ma'am, I understand." He was pretty

determined not to screw up anything anymore.



She steps out and returns with his work uniform and

security badge and set it on the table, then stands in

front of him. She holds out what looks like a small

television remote but with only a few buttons on it.



"This is one half of a dog obedience training system sold

by Innotech. Very quality stuff and has a range out to

about a mile in the open, but can still go a half mile

through buildings. What this controls is a small static

shock unit that attaches to the dogs collar so that the

trainer can immediately correct the dogs behavior with

various levels of static shock. There's 8 different levels

that increase exponentially, which is to say that 2 is

twice as strong as 1, but 8 is 128 times as strong as 1.

This is set on 1 right now."



She presses the button and he feels his sphincter contract

involuntarily while what felt like a pinprick inside him.

His eyes widened as he looked at her.



"Yes, in case you haven't figured it out, the unit fit

nicely in that plug that's inside you, with the contacts

right at the base opposite each other. Now here's a 3."



And before he could react his sphincter clamped down on the

plug and he felt what could best be described as a swat

with a riding crop right on his anus. A very intense pain

that faded almost immediately.



His voice had also seemed to lock up, but now that the

shock had passed he yelped "Ma'am!"



She waved his concern off. "Oh, I wouldn't worry about it

much because I doubt we'll have to use it much. Although I

am curious if I would be within range of you from your work

parking lot..."



He is looking over his shoulder at her, quite concerned as

she slips the remote into her pocket, then produces the key

for his wrists and collar.



Fast forward to 7:00 p.m. that evening, 1/2 way through his

shift.



Back from lunch and walking down the aisle he notices the

plant manager is still in the building, which is unusual

enough on swing shift but he also has security with him.

He's curious about this but he has plenty of other things

on his mind. It wasn't until he saw one of his co-workers

being escorted down the aisle that he realized they were

doing what they called a "census action" today. Call it

what you want to, they were laying people off. He tried to

ignore it and put it out of his mind. Yet a half hour later

the plant manager was standing in front of him along with

security. He was in a daze through the exit interview. The

explanation of severance and the fact that he would still

get a paycheck made him feel marginally better.



Then he began to think about what he was going to do about

his "other" life. What was she going to ask of his time

once she knows that he's not working? Had he thought that

he was going to get laid off he would have definitely

postponed this whole thing. He needed time to think about

this. He also knew he couldn't exactly hide the mountain of

documents he now carried from her when she came to pick him

up. Then he remembered that they were going to ship him his

toolbox. He went through the papers and selected a mere

handful of the most important, these he was able to fold

and slip into his back pocket. Then when security came to

escort him to the gate he was able to drop off the majority

of them at his box. Finally he has to surrender his badge

to security just before he exits.



Once outside the gate the harness suddenly becomes

uncomfortable and his head begins to spin, so he sits on

the nearest curb. So what options are open to me? Christ, I

need some time to figure this out... If I just go home now,

not only is she going to be royally pissed off, but I

definitely have no chance to get any of my things back.

Besides, looking at what time it is, I may not have enough

time to get this damn belt off before she showed up at my

house.



Above and beyond that, I really think she is serious about

sending someone to get me, or even doing it herself if I

just break things off. There's no way I'm going to hide

this from her for very long, and definitely not for 6

months. So it all boils down to the fact that I have to

tell her. But, I'd really rather not be tied up in front of

her when I do. I really need to be in some type of position

where I can negotiate with her and maybe delay this for a

few months. Looking at the clock by the guard shack he

realizes that she is going to be leaving to pick him up in

less than an hour. He had better call her just in case she

plans on calling him before she leaves.



He heads down to the gas station on the corner nearest his

work, the plug making its presence known the whole time.

His mind continues to race, wondering what to do...



'Maybe tomorrow I can hop a bus after she drops me off,

then I can drive out to her with my other car and talk to

her about the situation. I wonder if this harness is going

to be a daily thing.'



Dialing her number he begins to get nervous as he waits for

her to answer. When she does in that calm, controlled voice

of hers he almost panics. "Hello Ma'am? I was just calling

to confirm you picking me up at 11:30."



"Yes, I'll see you there." and with that he hangs up and

begins the walk back to the parking lot.



She sets the phone down, looks again at the caller ID, and

thinks to herself... 'It's almost too good to be true, but

it must be. Why else would he be calling from a gas station

pay phone? And to make things even better he seems intent

on digging himself a hole. Oh well, the deeper the better

as far as I'm concerned.'



She grabs her keys and heads towards the door. She had

actually called at 8:30 and whoever answered seemed

unusually evasive. When she called again at 9:00 and asked

to leave a message she was told that she should probably

contact him at home. When she questioned this she was told

that he had been part of a "census action" and that he

wouldn't be back for some time, if ever. She knew enough

corporate speak to know that he was probably laid off. She

reminds herself to touch base with one of her friends who

works in the same building and get even more confirmation.

She smiles wide as her mind races with the possibilities.



As she approaches she can see him waiting on the street

just outside the parking lot. She looks down at the clock

and can see that it's 11:26 which just confirms her

suspicions even more. Thinking of the possibilities, she

has to shake off a chill of excitement. She pulls to the

side, tapping the horn. He notices her, heads over to the

car, and hops in.



She turns to him, "You're out early aren't you?"



His blood runs cold, he hadn't thought about that. He

stutters a bit saying "I... I... I slipped out early."



She just nods as she begins a mental count of his offences

in her head. She could tell he was nervous so she stayed

off the subject of his work. After all she still wanted

absolute confirmation, and in the meantime he could dig the

hole deeper unless he cracked. The remainder of the ride

home was relatively quiet.



Once inside she tosses her keys on the table then tells him

to strip down so she can unlock his harness. "Then you need

to take a shower. You can leave the harness off for now.

When you're done you can grab something quick to eat. No

need to get dressed. I think were going to call it an early

night because I think we're both overly tired."



And with that she gathered up his clothes. He realizes that

he has papers about the layoff in them.



"I'm sorry that I left those on the floor, I'll take care

of them ma'am." He says, reaching for the pants in her

hand.



She just sidesteps away saying, "Of course you'll take care

of them, I'm just going to toss them in the room with all

your clothes. What did you think I was gonna wash them?

Isn't that more along the lines of your position?"



He offers an apology and heads to the shower. She tosses

the pants into the room, but not without grabbing the

papers out of the back pocket. She looks them over while he

showers. She notes a toolbox receipt, information sheet

about career placement help. As she looks over the last one

she becomes flush with excitement. A benefits schedule

showing that he will receive 30 days of "notice pay". Then

as long as he signed the waiver about age discrimination he

would receive an additional 2 weeks plus a week for every

year of seniority, and that his benefit is 8 weeks. At that

point his remaining 2 weeks of vacation and 1 week of sick

time would be used, after which he would be eligible to

claim unemployment. She does the quick math and realizes

that he will be drawing a check, and more importantly have

no reason to work, for more than the next 3 months.



He emerges from the shower wrapped in a towel and notices

that the lights are off in the living room. Then he hears

her call from the bedroom.



"When you're done eating head right in here to your spot at

the base of the bed. We got an early day tomorrow. The

collar is there and the lock is open, so just make sure

it's on."



To which he replies "Yes Ma'am."



He makes his way to the fridge and stands in front of it

staring in. He quickly realizes that he isn't hungry so he

sits down at the table and rests his head in his hands. He

starts to go over in his head what he's going to do once

he's dropped off tomorrow. He's not sure how he is going to

explain it to her. What he'll probably try to do is just

delay things until he is settled. She may be okay with

that; after all she seemed pretty tolerant today. He

figures the sooner he goes to sleep, the sooner tomorrow

starts, so he heads off to her bedroom.



Lying down at the foot of the bed he looks at the collar

and pauses. He decides to put it on and lock it, better not

piss her off if she is up before him. On the bed above him

she is lying awake, waiting. Then she hears the familiar

sound of a padlock hasp closing.



"Music to my ears." she thinks to herself and drifts off to

sleep.



He on the other hand sleeps in fits and starts. He is

startled awake by the alarm, but cannot reach it to shut it

off. He hears water running in the distance and figures

that she is already up. He lays back and stares at the

empty ceiling. He starts to wonder if maybe he should just

come right out and tell her.



'She has got to be a little flexible at least.' he tells

himself.



He hears her emerge from her bathroom and he tips his head

up to see her. She is wrapped in a towel and walking

towards him.



"Good morning Ma'am." he says.



"Oh, you're up. Just let me grab that key to the collar."

She grabs the key from the nightstand and lying across the

bed, reaches down and unlocks his collar. "Now head off

into the shower, clean inside and out. You

might also want to check yourself for body hair. You're

getting a little slack in some places. I'll bring in what I

want you to wear."



In the shower he cleans himself as he was told, then went

at his body with the depilatory to take care of any

unwanted hair. When he steps out he can see that she has

brought his uniform in. Fishnets, petticoat, corset, maids

dress and apron along with a pair of ankle strap 5 inch

heels. His wrist cuffs, ankle cuffs and collar are there

all with open padlocks.



He quickly does his make-up, puts on his blonde wig and

then he gets dressed. As usual he gets excited by the

vision in the mirror, yet he's still not exactly sure why.

He's not quite sure why he put himself in his present

situation. One reason he tells himself was to quench the 

fantasy by living it. He figured that it wouldn't be nearly

as pleasant as the fantasy, and would end up purged of it.

That or there was the chance that he would find that he

loved it. Either way, it would no longer torment him and he

could say that he tried it.



He checks his uniform and then steps out. Walking to the

edge of the living room, he stands straight and folds his

hands in front of him. For the first time today he can see

a clock and is taken aback. The clock says 1:00 p.m., which

means he must have slept 10 hrs at least.



He has to ask, "Ma'am, is that clock right?"



To which she replies, "Yeah it is. I reset the alarm and

let you sleep because you had a pretty rough weekend and

may be still catching up. You might want to wash your work

uniform right away so that it's done by the time we have to

leave, so start there..."



He nods an acknowledgement and walks to the spare

bedroom/office to retrieve his pants and shirt. He

remembers the receipt for his box and schedule of benefits

in the pocket. He pulls them out and stashes them in one of

the bags he came with and then empties the rest on the

dresser. Stepping back to the laundry nook, he starts them

washing and walks back to the kitchen.



As soon as she sees him she asks. "We have to leave here by

2:30 because you start at 3:00 right?"



"Yes Ma'am, it takes about 20 minutes from here I believe."



She looks at the clock and says to him. "Well, I got a new

piece of bondage furniture that I've been dying to try, and

we have about an hour to kill...What do you say?"



He really didn't know what to say, except yes.



"Okay. It's just inside the garage door, you can't miss it.

Why don't you bring it in here?"



He steps out into the garage and can see a 3ft by 3ft

wooden platform on shallow wheels that just barely allow it

to be rolled across the floor. The outer edge of it is

ringed with 1 inch pipe and on one corner the 1 pipe

comes straight up to about 8-9 feet tall. In the center

what looks like a set of telescoping pipes with a mount

that looks like it is for a adjustable seat... This thing

looks wild he thinks to himself as he brings it through the

doorway and into the kitchen area.



He stands there looking at it for a moment until she says,

"Well step up on there and let's see how it works out. Feet

in the opposite corners and facing the one long pole, arms

behind your back."



Once his arms are behind his back she opens one lock and

connects them together, binding his hands behind him.

Bending down she removes a metal clip on a short length of

chain from beneath the corners by his feet and clips them

to each ankle cuff. She then steps out, but quickly

returns, dropping several unseen items on the table behind

him. Looping a strap around his arms at the elbows, she

pulls it tight drawing them together and he let's out a

gasp. Tying a length of rope around the elbow strap, she

loops it through an eye bolt at the top of the long pole

and lets it hang loose for now.



He finds it odd that although he has tried to make eye

contact with her, she seems to be avoiding it. Stepping

back in front of him she straps what looks like a short,

fat penis to the pole directly in front of him. He soon

realizes that it's a head harness/gag. Grabbing the rope

she pulls his elbows up, which bends him forward towards

the gag. Once his lips touch the very end of it she stops.

Holding the rope tight she reaches for something on the

table and holds it behind her back.



Leaning forward so she is only a few inches from his face

she asks, "So, is there anything you want to tell me before

that gag is filling your mouth?"



He is confused for a moment, wondering what she means.



"Nothing at all? Nothing you've been hiding or dishonest

about?"



His mind flashes with the thought that she may know about

the layoff, but how could she? He is about to ask what she

is talking about when she pulls out the papers he had

hidden and drops them to the floor. He's stunned and then

tries to blurt out an explanation but she is ready for him.

As soon as his lips part she tugs on the rope and impales

his face on the gag.



"Too late, you've had your chance for explanations."



He mumbles something into the gag, but she can neither hear

nor does she care. Stepping behind him she continues to

buckle the harness gag around and over his head. He is

growing more and more scared and is starting to tremble.

She grabs the plug off the table and applies a liberal

amount of KY jelly to its end. Pressing it to his anus he

flinches and tightens up, but she simply applies more

pressure. Stopping half way she leans to his ear and offers

to wipe off the KY and replace it with BenGay. Slipping her

leg between his she rests the end of the plug on her thigh.

Grabbing his hips she pulls him towards her and is rewarded

with a deep grunt. She then reaches down and pulls the end

of the center pipe up to the base of the plug and attaches

it at its mount. Pulling the pipe up until he just lifts

the heels of his shoes off the platform to get away from

it, she pins the pipe in place. She then steps off the

platform and sits in the chair pondering his fate for a

moment.



She reaches down and rotates the platform towards her and

as soon as she stops he starts to try to speak through the

gag, pleading for a chance to explain.



"Quiet!" she shouts. "I haven't quite decided what I'm

going to do with you yet, but you need to hear what I've

got so far and you can't do that if you're trying to

speak." She crosses her legs and sits back in the chair.



"First of all you have been so deceptive and told so many

lies in what seems like an attempt to avoid serving that I

could keep you in our service agreement indefinitely.

Remember, your transgressions come back to you 3 fold. For

now you can plan on 18 months minimum. Based on when you

have your child, you will be reporting for service at noon

on Monday and will be serving until noon Friday. That way

you can pick your son up on Friday, spend the weekend with

him and drop him off at school Monday.



"Of course I'm flexible on this, so if you need to change

the start and end times just let me know, or if you need

days during the week free on occasion just let me know. But

your typical schedule will be 4 days a week,24 hrs a day.

 We are going to go back to the sensory deprivation hood as part of your

uniform. One important point though, you will no longer be

allowed to speak, period. You can respond with a nod, and

then only when asked a question. If I need anything more

than a nod for an answer from you, you can write it out.



"At this point I don't see any reason why you should have

to communicate anything on your own to me. If you do, and I

don't feel it was absolutely necessary, I will simply add

1-3 months onto our agreement."



She takes a moment to let it sink in, and then begins

again.



"Now, about your new dress code. We'll start with the 5 1/2

inch heels with the padlocking ankle straps. After all, we

don't want them to accidentally come off. From there we may

work our way up to a full 6 inches. Black latex stockings,

of course the plug harness and pouch. Your smallest corset

only takes your waist from 32 inches down to 29. This won't

do. I'm sure that you'll get used to the 29 inches in short

order, so we're going to order one in black latex to take

you down to my goal of 25 inches, then work towards that.



"We are probably going to do without the elbow and ankle

hobbles for now, but that can change. You'll be wearing the

posture collar and waist belt with the strap between them

in back. The hood of course, with the ears plugged, the

vision narrowed, the mouth gagged but with a breathing

tube, along with the earpiece and mike. To top it all off

will be the maids outfit and petticoat, and we'll look into

getting those in latex.



"The only breaks you will have will be the last 5 minutes

of every hour. You will no longer sleep on a typical

schedule. I will decide when you will sleep and it will be

done in 2 hour increments and in full uniform. Every 36-48

hours you will be allowed to strip down, clean yourself

inside and out, shower and then immediately get dressed

again.



"For the next 3 months you are on severance pay, after

which you can receive at least 26 months of unemployment.

Now we both know that that won't pay your bills, however I

have been considering getting a temp in here to help me for

about 20 hours a month, but I'll no longer need that. My

friend who owns the club has also said she can use you 10-

15 hours a week after hours to clean up. Between those, I'm

sure we can make up for any shortfall. Then before your

unemployment runs out I can give you time to find a job,

unless we figure something out in the meantime.



"Now then, I simply cannot stress enough how serious I am

about this. While I will have to admit that I was hoping

you would screw up, and it couldn't have worked out better,

this is of your own doing. If you decide to take off on me,

you will regret it. Better men have tried."



She reaches over to the table and picks up a framed photo.

It's one he has actually seen before in her closet. It's

the one where a man is tied spread eagle, red marks streak

his back and thighs, some thicker than others but all look

quite severe. Clipped to his balls hang a pair of high heel

shoes. The man is hanging his head forward as if defeated,

or exhausted. He is bound so tight that he is standing on

the balls of his feet. She holds the picture up to him as

she explains.



"This unfortunate soul thought it would be a good idea to

pull the leash out of my hand at a semi private party.

Unfortunately he hadn't taken me seriously when less than a

month later he used this as an excuse to justify breaking

things off. Luckily I have some friends of mine, a couple

of gay gentlemen who just love the whole kidnap and captive

scene, who were more than willing to go pick him up. That

is of course as long as they could take him with them to

their summer home up north for a few months. Well, I was

pretty much done with him at that point. I just wanted to

see him one more time. Which I did, and when I was done I

let them know that they could have him as long as they

wanted.



"The last time I saw him he was being stuffed into their

trunk. I guess they kept him there for almost 5 months and

he never even got to see their faces! He must have tried to

find these guys at one point, because a P.I. showed up here

asking about them. I just let him know that I didn't know

about them, but that I had plenty of information and

documents about the nature of my relationship with him if

the courts ever wanted to see it. Never did hear anything

more about it."



She shrugged her shoulders as she said, "Oh well. As a

matter of fact I have a short video clip of the last time I

saw him. It's kind of grainy but a good watch nonetheless."



She stood and walked over to the TV and turned it towards

him on its stand.



"Please forgive the production quality, I had to set the

camera up on my own." and with that she hit the play button

on the VCR and walked out of the room.



The screen flickered on and he saw an image of a man tied

to and bent over a table. The camera was obviously set on

the opposite end of the table and was being moved a bit to

get the best view. The man was gagged with a full head

harness and a mouth shield, but you could see a look of

sheer terror in his eyes. A pair of gloved hands set a mean

looking cane down directly in front of him then pulled the

two straps that ran across his back and under the table. He

started to buck but was going nowhere, as a matter of fact

he could barely move. One gloved hand went to pick up the

cane while the other patted him on the head. Then the

figure moved behind him and bent down to wave to the

camera.



It was her and she looked quite pleased with herself. He

could hear him grunting as he still struggled. Then she

swished the cane in the air over him. Now he could hear

distant muffled pleas as the man became more frantic. Then

the cane landed and it almost hurt hearing and watching it.

It landed with a loud crack followed by the man screaming

bloody murder into the gag. He didn't think a cane could

make such a sound. The cane was brought down again and

again with the man thrashing in place. After what seemed

like 2 dozen blows she started landing the cane lower and

lower.



The man was openly weeping and apparently incoherent. He

wanted to look away or close his eyes but couldn't bring

himself to. When she was finished she bent over and rested

her hands on her knees, apparently winded. The man just lay

there spent. She made the wry comment to the camera that

she would be right back, don't go anywhere. Then nothing

happened on the tape for some time. That is until water was

splashed over the man's head and back. At which point he

stirred, but it was a rude awakening as she started right

in on him. She began work on the other side and all the

while he thrashed and squealed. Near the end he was banging

his head into the table out of frustration.



Finally she stopped, bent forward again and winded. He

could see her walk out of one side of the frame, and then

the camera is picked up. It begins to move around to the

other side of the bound man but is suddenly cut off and the

screen goes blank. He can still hear the cane landing on

that guy's ass and his stomach does a roll. He tests his

bonds and all he gets is a sharp pain in his shoulders.



Meanwhile she sat in the bedroom, almost giddy with

excitement as she thought of what must be going through his

mind. She had watched that video dozens of times and found

it nothing but convincing. She was amazed at the sound of

the hockey pads strapped to the back of her friend's

thighs, totally realistic. And how he could cry on demand

she would never know, but what a performance. All that was

left was to show him the ad she had made at that personal

site years ago. It's been a while but she is sure it's

still there, although the mailbox is probably full. Amazing

how many responses you get to an ad titled "seeking

reluctant sissy's" about 2 gay male tops, with a cabin up

north, looking for closet crossdressers who have kidnap

fantasies. The fact that the ad states that they have been

members of the site for the past 3 years just adds to the

illusion. Hearing the tape end she almost began to giggle,

then regained her composure and put her "bitch" face back

on and stepped out.



He was trembling slightly but just couldn't stop. When he

saw her round the corner he stiffened up and closed his

eyes. Then her voice was in his ear and he could feel her

breath.



"Sorry it ended so abruptly, I didn't know the camera was

low on charge and the power cord pulled out when it hit its

end. You probably didn't want to see the results anyways;

my friends told me that they could still see the marks when

they let him go 5 months later. By the way, remind me later

and I can show you their ad. Oh yeah, you're not allowed to

speak anymore so how could you? Guess I'll have to remember

on my own..."



She then left and all he could do was stand there. His mind

raced about what to do, but each time it came back with

nothing but submit and do as he's told. His feet ached from

the heels as his thighs and calves from standing spread,

but any pressure he tried to take off them was just

transferred to the plug in his ass. Moments later she swept

by him, keys in hand and wearing her jacket. She headed

straight for the door without pause.



Without even looking back she said, "I'll be back later,

now don't you go anywhere..."



He tried to scream, but all the gag that filled his mouth

would allow was a distant whine...











In Her Service

By X X



They had written back and forth, as well as met in person, 

and discussed their views on power exchange. He expressed 

his yearning for helplessness as best he could, how he 

wanted a true exchange of power. That he wanted to be 

useful and didn't expect it to be all play. While her 

concerns were that she didn't want to invest time only to 

have one or two meetings. Not necessarily long term, although that was possible, but at least ongoing. He said that he would be willing to commit, for a while.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; She asked what he thought about contracts. He 

had seen a few examples and thought they were good for 

stating limits and outlining what was expected. He also had 

to admit that the idea of one excited him and kind of fit 

in with his thoughts of serving, even though he knew that 

such a thing wouldn't be a legal document.



Things clicked and He had offered his services early on. 

She was intrigued, and when the meeting ended she said that 

she would contact him in the next few days.



He was thrilled to see the email the next day. In it she 

said that she could work within his limits and schedule. 

She had also attached a contract for him to sign and bring 

with him next time they met. He became concerned, then 

excited as he read it. She had copied the limits he had 

stated in an earlier e-mail and the rest of it was just a 

few lines stating that basically he was hers and would 

serve her a minimum of 40 hours per month with tardiness, 

cancellations and incomplete months to be penalized at the 

Domme's discretion. The contract was effective from the 

date signed until cancelled by either party. The Domme 

could cancel at any time whereas the sub had to give 60 

days written notice. During which time he would continue to 

serve. The sub would also be required to complete any 

carryover hours prior to release.



Now he finds himself walking up to Her door, dufflebags in 

hand. It was 10:00 Thursday evening and he had arranged it 

so that he wouldn't be expected back until Saturday night. 

A shudder of anxiety runs down his spine as he thinks about 

what She had said to him last. He didn't have to show up 

today, and there would be no hard feelings, probably just 

regrets on his part. If he did show up, he was her's.



The door opens before he reaches it and She is there, 

smiling. Greetings exchanged, she motions him in. She asks 

if he printed out and signed that service 

agreement/contract. He slips the envelope from one of his 

bags and hands it to her. Showing him to the shower first, 

she lets him know that she will bring in from his bags what 

he is to wear, and that she will give him the grand tour a 

bit later. Standing at the doorway as he undresses, she 

sees his hairless body, expressing her approval that her 

orders were followed. Reminding him that no hair is allowed 

from the head down, except for his arms. She exits and the 

warm water does little to wash the nervous chills from his 

body. He hears her slip back in shortly and she tells him 

that what he is to wear is set out and that he shouldn't 

dwell on his make-up, just do a quick job of it. She grabs 

the clothes he arrived in before slipping back out



Drying off, he looks at what is laid out. She had also left 

the padlocking wrist, ankle cuffs and collar. He swallows 

hard, turns to the mirror, and begins his makeup. Never 

satisfied but knowing he was told to be quick, he finishes 

his face and turns to the clothes. Short black waist-

cincher followed by a pair of fishnets. White petticoat 

and one of his basic maid's uniforms. Slipping the blonde 

wig into place then tying off the apron of his uniform as 

he checks himself in the mirror. Seeing she had left the 5 

1/2 inch ankle strap pumps. (Knowing these were at the edge 

of what he could walk in.) He sat for a moment to slip them 

on and buckle the straps.



Seeing all that was left was the collar and cuffs, each 

with the padlock open and no key in sight, he took a deep 

breath as if to steel himself. Slipping each on, and 

closing the lock afterwards. He stands and checks himself 

one last time.



Opening the door and looking out and around he announces he 

is ready. She calls for him and he follows the voice, a bit 

unsteady on the heels, realizing he is a bit out of 

practice. She is resting on the couch as he enters.



She beckons him forward, then has him turn and walk back 

and forth a few times as she examines what she has to work 

with. Then she tells him to stop and turn, facing away from 

her.

 

The next thing he feels is the wrist cuffs being attached 

together behind him. Then a length of rope passed between 

his elbows several times and his elbows pulled together as 

the rope is tied off. She walks around before him, leash in 

hand and announces that it is time for the tour.



Speaking as She clips the leash to his collar. "We'll take 

a little tour and perhaps chat a bit. Now just so we're 

clear, when you are being led on a leash you need to follow 

close enough to keep slack on the leash, but far enough to 

avoid bumping into me. Okay?"



"Yes Ma'am." he says, his voice breaking a bit.



She pauses a moment then asks, "Haven't changed your mind, 

have you?"



That nervous excitement running through him picks up a bit. 

He clears his throat and reply's with a more forceful.



"No ma'am."



Turning with the leash running over her shoulder She says, 

"Good, because it's too late now."



She strides forward and he has barely enough time to react. 

Struggling to get up to speed on the heels, the leash still 

gets pulled taught... She chides him for this, but assures 

him that he will get better. This happens a few more times 

as She gives him a quick tour of the place. Ending at the 

kitchen table she grabs the daily planner that rests there.



"Most of what you need to know, and what is expected from 

you will be picked up as we go along." She opens the book 

and turns it towards him. "I will be using this as a kind 

of scheduler/notebook/record and you are welcome to look it 

over anytime. As you can see under tomorrows date is a time, the word coffee, and a note on how I take it. That of course is when you will be waking me, with coffee already made. You will also find a menu for any meals you will be preparing. Any questions about how to prepare any of it, please ask."



Pointing to a small 3 x 5 notebook and pen.



"This is your notebook, mainly for taking notes when I ask 

you to. When you can, make sure to note --leash following 

distance: 4 times. You can use it also, if need be. . Tomorrow for example, after you wake me up, I'll 

probably have you draw me a bath. While I bathe would be a 

good time for you to change the bed sheets and start the 

ones you removed in the wash. I'll let you know when I 

expect breakfast to be served and by that time you will 

probably need to start preparing it. You can grab whatever 

you want to eat before then, right after you wake if you 

want. Then after breakfast you will need to clear the 

table, wash the dishes, drain the bathwater, rinse the tub 

and make sure the bathroom and bedroom are in order. No 

need to worry about remembering all that now, as I'll guide 

you through it then. By the way, where is your pedicure 

equipment? I didn't see any of it in the bags you brought 

in, did you forget it?



"Oh, no Ma'am. I have my stool, and all the supplies in my 

car. I even brought the paraffin wax unit, I'm sorry I just 

couldn't carry it all in one trip. Should I go bring it 

in?"



She steps towards the kitchen as she lets him know that she 

will run out to get it tomorrow, after all, she has his 

keys. She leads him into the center of the kitchen and 

stops.



"Now the kitchen is going to be your first project. You 

won't have to be constantly busy, depending upon your 

attitude of course. However if there is time when you're 

not sure what you should be doing, this is it."



Opening the bottom cupboard she points out that there is 

new rolls of shelf paper that needs to be put up. Sweeping 

her hand she mentions the refrigerator and oven can be 

cleaned, inside and behind. The microwave, the walls, 

etcetera... That he should just think of it as a spring 

cleaning.



Grabbing the leash she leads him back to the living room, 

explaining that he won't need to worry about any of that 

yet tonight. But that right now there is a few things that 

they need to discuss and be perfectly clear about. Things 

he needs to know about the situation. Unclipping the leash 

she tells him to relax a minute. She grabs a sturdy oak 

chair from the corner and sets it a few feet from the 

couch, facing it. His arms still bound behind him, She 

helps him into the chair and guides his arms over the back 

of it. Then She exits the room. He rests in the chair 

thankful to relieve the pressure on his calves.



She returns and he straightens in the chair a bit. She runs 

a length of rope between the wrist cuffs, guides it under 

the chair and ties it off. While doing this she sees that 

he has one shoe dangling as much as the ankle strap will 

allow and is rotating his foot in it. She informs him in a 

casual manner that what he is doing is unacceptable. It 

could be considered being out of uniform and besides, it 

looks unladylike. She asks if there is a problem with the 

heels. He explains that there's nothing wrong with the 

shoes, it's just that they are at the edge of what he can 

walk on. She tells him that he can grab a different pair 

later.



Looping another short length of rope to each of the ankle 

cuffs, she has him slip his knees over the corners of the 

chair and place his feet as far back as he can, where she 

secures them to the rear legs of the chair. One more length 

of rope is wrapped around one leg just above the knee, 

looped under the chair, around the other knee then pulled 

tight. One last piece encircles his waist and chair back.



Stepping back to admire her work, she smiles commenting, 

"You look good like that, but I think we may need to get a 

posture collar for you."



He smiles and thanks her through the butterflies in his 

stomach.



She steps behind him and moments later he feels her slip 

the wig off his head and a large ball gag fills his vision. 

Opening his mouth wide as she pushes the ball in place. She 

steps around to his side and tightens the chin and head 

straps, then slips the wig back on.



"There, now this is just so I'm not interrupted while I 

explain a few things about your situation. We'll handle any 

questions later." She circles back around him and sits on 

the couch directly in front of him. "Now before I forget 

and before we get into the heavier stuff, about tomorrow 

morning... you have my wake time in the book, however you 

need to give yourself enough time to get ready. So when you 

get up is up to you, but when you wake me I expect you to 

be fully dressed in one of your satin uniforms and looking 

your best. Understand?"



He nods.



She leans back with a slight sigh, as if steeling herself. 

"Now then, since your here, that means that you have agreed 

to serve. As I said, you will pick up what is required of 

you as we go along. There are a few important points you 

need to understand. First and foremost is that I want to 

reassure you that I will honor your limits. I give you my 

word on that. That being said, you will honor your 

commitment, and I will make sure of that also.



"I'm going to make room for your clothes here, so you don't 

have to keep dragging them back and forth. That will also 

ensure that you return. How would you get them back if you 

didn't? I couldn't imagine walking away from that lovely 

stuff you have.



"Now, just in case that isn't enough, I've spoken to a 

friend of mine about our little arrangement. He has said 

that he would be happy to go pick you up for me. Of course 

you would have to pay him back for his troubles. Just In 

case you put up a fuss and the police or a concerned 

citizen gets involved, I put together an envelope with 

copies of our correspondence, copies of your personal ad, 

and I'm going to have you write a little note explaining 

that this is just part of a kinky game. I don't want to 

hear any argument that this is violating your limit about 

discretion as it would be you drawing the attention and it 

would only be used for this purpose.



"I may be bluffing about this, I may not. You may never 

know because you are not going to break contact with me. If 

you do I will give you one chance to return on your own, after that we just start this all over except you'll have to give 180 days notice and of course you'll be severely punished. Like you never have before. If you think that I won't, or you think that you may like it, then please try me."

 

His breath quickens as his mind struggles to take it all 

in. That feeling of erotic fear washes over him. He wonders 

if he has gone too far but tries not to show it. She leans 

forward and grabs the chin strap of the gag so that they 

are about a foot apart.



"I won't violate your limits, but you and I both know that 

leaves a lot of options, besides, I'm doing this for you. 

You wanted to be helpless, said you craved it. Well, that's 

just what you got. But don't worry. How rough this is 

depends entirely on you. Accept your position, give it your 

best effort and things will work out fine."



She leans slightly forward and grabs the edge of his skirt 

and petticoat and pushes/tucks it back exposing him. 

Reaching down to the floor next to her, she brings a paper 

bag up to her lap. His eyes widen as she pulls 2 packages 

of clothespins from the bag.



"Brand new, we need to break these in." She says with a 

smile. "Besides, this will give what I say a bit more 

emphasis. Plus I get to have a little fun while we get a 

feel for each other."



Pulling the bustline down and exposing his chest, she 

begins to place a row of clothespins across each breast as 

she continues.



"This being close enough to the end of the month, we will 

formally start your service on the first of next month. If 

you decide it isn't for you, you need to let me know, in 

writing, prior to the first of any given month."



He winces in pain as she finishes with 7 across one breast 

and starts on the other.



"We will have to decide how you are going to serve the 

required minimum of 40 hours each month. We'll find a 

schedule that works. For starters we'll try 11:30p.m. Every 

Wednesday until 6:00 am every Thursday. I thought that I 

would change my schedule a bit on Wednesdays so I can be 

here and awake for that time. Beyond that we will schedule 

one or two weekend meetings a month. You can just set it up 

as if your working Saturday. That way you can report after 

work as early as you can arrange and serve until 6:oo pm on 

Saturday. That should cover your minimum each month.



"You said that you were 'free' the weekend of June 9th so I 

want you to schedule a vacation day for Friday the 8th. And 

expect to serve from Thursday midnight thru Monday morning. 

I may even have you take Thursday off too."



She finishes with the other 7 then pushes them down as she 

raises the bust on the dress and tucks them in.



He twists what little he can in the chair and moans into 

the gag. She mimics him with a smile and grabs a row of 

pins beneath the material and pulls at them. His eyes widen 

and he yelps then moans louder into the gag.



She coos back at him and slips one hand between her legs. 

"I just love that look on your face, and that sound is 

music to my ears.



"You will let me know of any other times you are available. 

Any time you can work earlier, or get a holiday to 

yourself. If you are still in my service at the end of the 

year I will expect you to arrange to be away at least one 

full week of the two you get off. Now then if you happen to 

not make the 40 hours, that's not a problem. It will just 

be carried over to the next month, just at twice the 

amount. Of course any carryover would have to be made up 

before our agreement could end."

 

She raises her hand from between her legs to his nose. "See 

what those lovely noises you make do to me?"



Grabbing a handful of clips and running a hand up one of 

his thighs.



A chill runs down his spine as she says, "let's make some 

more of that music. I just want to show you that I have no 

qualms about hurting you, as well as see how you react." 



He pleads with his eyes as she grabs a handful of clips and 

slips one hand beneath his balls, cupping them.



"This is so much easier without hair."



She begins placing the clips on the loose skin of his 

scrotum, all the time smiling at his reaction. Stopping at 

6 her hand drops to his inner thighs. Pinching the delicate 

flesh and attaching a pin, he squeals into the gag and 

twists in the chair.



Putting a hand to his cheek she says soothingly "Ooh, I 

know these hurt. Not to worry though, I could fit a dozen 

on each at least. But I'll only do a few this time."



He writhes in the chair pulling at his bonds, testing them 

as she places the last of 3 pins on each of his thighs. He 

sees her hand slide between her thighs again as she looks 

directly at him. He can see it on her face that she is 

masturbating and it strikes a chord in him to realize that 

she enjoys his pain. His thighs, sac and chest are 

screaming and it shows on his face.



She asks, "Would you like them to come off?"



He nods yes, as he mouths please through the gag. She just 

smiles as she picks up a crop in her free hand and runs it 

across the clips.



"Okay I can get those off." and raises the crop.



He squeals into the gag before the crop lands, then screams 

into it pulling at the ropes as the crop strikes his thigh 

dislodging one of the clips. He pleads into the gag, as the 

crop is brought down again. He screws his eyes shut from 

the pain and shakes his head side to side. She starts to 

flick at the remaining clips and he opens his eyes, 

pleading with them. He sees her looking directly at him, 

face flushed and smiling as she rocks faster on her hand.



Setting down the crop she grasps another of the thigh clips 

and pulls it off without opening it. He yelps and begins 

pleading louder as he starts to tremble. She responds by 

pulling the rest off the same way, giving him just enough 

time to recover from each. As she removes the last one 

beneath his waist she draws a deep breath and lets it out 

with a moan and a shutter as she orgasms.



A moment later she regains composure and begins to speak. 

"You may learn as you go, but there are a few steadfast 

rules that are major no no's. You will be completely honest 

with me, which especially includes when you are available 

and a lie by omission is still a lie. Any lie you are 

caught in will come back to you tenfold. The other one is 

you will always speak, treat and interact with me with the 

utmost respect. That includes your words, tone and 

mannerisms. You can express yourself, but I had better not 

ever hear an angry tone to your voice. If you should ever 

attempt to lay a hand on me, all bets are off and you will 

wish you never met me. Am I clear?"



He nods and words a "yes ma'am" through the gag.



"Good." she replies and reaches out to the pins on his 

chest and begins removing them one by one. He squirms in 

pain, biting down on the gag as the blood returns to where 

the clamps were.



He breathes a sigh of relief as the last one is removed. 

She stands and his eyes follow as she steps out of the 

room. His breath slowly returns to normal. He closes his 

eyes for a moment to collect his thoughts. He hears Her 

behind him then feels her hands on the collar. For a moment 

he thinks she is undoing his collar, until he realises that 

she is pulling a length of rope through the "D" rings at 

the left, back and then right. He gasps, mainly by suprise, 

as he is pulled upright by the collar. She slips a finger 

beneath the collar, then pulls the rope even tighter and 

ties it off under the chair. Seeing the rubber cattail whip 

in her hand, he starts shaking his head and pleading into 

the gag. This catches her eye and she rests a hand on his 

cheek.



"I know this is hard, but it really is best for both of us. 

You see this will define the difference between corrective 

discipline and punishment, and show you that punishment 

should be avoided. You know, some subs misbehave on purpose 

to get attention, this will prevent any of that."



She sees him eyeing the thin rubber cat with worried eyes.



"Oh, I know. This is quite the nasty piece of equipment. 

I'll take it easy on you, just remember there's no shame in 

crying."



She covers his sore sex with the edge of his skirt and 

tucks it under him, giving him some protection.



"Just in case I miss," She says with a wink as she undoes 

the garter straps on the inside of his thighs and pulls the 

fishnets down a couple inches.



He is rendered mute by his racing mind as he watches her 

bring the whip over her opposite shoulder and brings it 

down onto his inner thigh without hesitation. He screams 

openly into the gag and his whole body tenses and his 

vision goes white with pain. He's felt whips like this 

before, but never nearly that hard. Before he can regain 

any sense of composure, his opposite thigh seems to burst 

into flames. By instinct He pulls violently at the bonds 

and within seconds another blow lands and he screams at the 

top of his lungs. He starts to buck, trying to tip or move 

the chair, he manages to hold his head still long enough to 

see her. She is cooing, as if flirting, as she brings the 

whip around again. Again he screams, except this time she 

pauses and his screams trails off into a sob that runs 

through the length of his body. He feels her hand on his 

cheek again. She studies his face a moment and nods as if 

telling him it will be okay. He looks down at his thighs 

and sees them striped with red welts that are just starting 

to rise. Still sobbing he has difficulty assembling a 

thought. He looks back up only to catch the follow through 

of another cruel swing.



His body shakes and his eyes screw shut as he screams 

"Please!" into the gag. Another blow lands before he can 

draw his next breath, followed by two more in quick 

succession and again his vision goes white with pain. 

Pulling in a lungful of air, all he can manage is a 

guttural moan. Shaking his head as he begs, "Please, 

anything, no more."



Sobbing he feels the tears on his cheeks as he sees that 

she is no longer filling his vision. Realizing that he's 

still pulling at his bonds, he relaxes a bit which brings a 

new wave of sobs. Then she is there. Cupping his chin, she 

lifts a tear from his cheek with her tongue and lets out a 

low throaty "Yesss..."



He looks down at his red striped thighs and hers gaze 

follows. He can almost feel the heat coming off them on his 

face. He tips his head back and sighs.



She holds her hand just off the surface of his thigh, 

feeling the heat. Then runs her fingers over them. He 

tenses with a start and begs "No, no!" not from pain, but 

from fear that she was going to start again.



She brings her mouth to his ear, her breath heavy. "Don't 

worry, I'm done. I'm going to let you recover for a minute. 

Then when I untie you I want you on your knees so that you 

can thank me properly for this lesson. Just think, if this 

had been a situation where you had broken contact and made 

me go and get you. I'd put about 20 clothespins on those 

welted thighs, then I'd probably let you sit and stew for 

an hour or so."



She grabs a handful of his hair and brings his ear closer.



"Then, as I pulled them off I'd have you beg me to take the 

cane to you, and I mean sincerely beg. And you would. But 

we don't have to worry about that, do we?"



She unties him and he slips off the chair and to his knees 

moments later she sits on the edge of the couch in front of 

him.



"Come to me." she says pointing to her feet.



His head down he instinctively asks, "May I" as he tips his 

head to her feet. A nod later and he is planting gentle 

kisses on her feet. She leans back and sighs.



"Well, I think this is going to work out just fine. Don't 

you?"



He clears his throat and replies "Yes, Mistress. If I may 

call you that?"



She rocks forward. "Oh, I guess we didn't go over that. You 

can address me as Ma'am, Madam or Mistress, whichever you 

feel the most comfortable with. You, I think, I'll call 

Dee. The same as you signed your letters."



She leans farther forward.



"Raise that skirt and lean back, I want to get a look at 

those marks." She runs her fingers over the welts and he 

flinches. "Oh my, there are some nice ones here. You know 

that you can avoid the worst of it as long as you apply 

yourself. Even though you looked so good sobbing like 

that." She says with a smile. "Well, I am so wound up, I 

know what I need, and it will be good practice for you. Why 

don't you hit the bathroom and clean yourself up a bit. 

Meet me in the bedroom when you're done."



He walks gingerly to the bathroom. Once there he takes a 

close look at his thighs. Shaking his head in wonder he 

thinks that has to be at least in the top 3 of the worst 

he's taken. Looking in the mirror he sees his face is a 

mess. He quickly does what he can to straighten up then 

steps out and walks to the bedroom.



She has stripped the covers off and is working with several 

lengths of rope. He stands there, unsure of what to do. 

Moments later She walks up to him.



"Okay this is how you enter a room. In the case of a closed 

door you will knock and wait for permission to enter. When 

entering you will wait a moment for eye contact. If none is 

made then a short appropriate greeting to announce your 

presence is made. Such as -excuse me Ma'am.-- if you 

weren't expected or --at your service Ma'am-- if you were. 

Once eye contact is made with you, you will tip a small 

curtsey then stand at attention unless told otherwise, 

maintaining eye contact if possible."



She motions to him. "Place your feet together as close as 

you can without them touching each other, and square to 

your shoulders. Stand as tall and straight as you can, 

facing forward, and place your hands behind or in front of 

you hand in hand, then holding that as motionless as you 

can." She taps one foot telling him to line it up. "Now 

that is standing at attention."



She walks back to the bed and thinks a moment. "In the 

closet there is a wood dowel about 3 feet long with ropes 

on either end. Bring that here."



He retrieves it and she has him attach the ends to 2 

eyebolts in the ceiling so that it now hangs about 3 feet 

off the bed.



"Slip that dress and petticoat off and lay on the bed. Face 

up with hands over your head."



She opens one of the padlocks on the cuffs and loops it 

through the other, locking them together. She then loops a 

length of rope between his wrists, pulls them towards the 

headboard and ties it off. Bringing 2 lengths of rope up 

from the opposite side, he is told to stretch as far as he 

can. She pulls and ties them off then smiles at her 

handiwork. He is bound spread eagle except his hands are 

together. He shifts around and sees that he can barely 

move. He wonders what the wood bar if for, but chooses not 

to ask.



She slips the wig from his head and slips a harness over 

his head. It seems to be much like a gag harness, without 

the gag. She grabs 4 lengths of rope that end in spring 

clips. These she attaches to 4 "D" rings on the head 

harness. He feels his head tugged as she ties off each rope 

beneath the bed. When she is done he can move his head no 

more than a fraction of an inch. She stops to admire her 

work.



She lays a handful of clips, a crop, and a glass of water 

on the nightstand.



Grabbing the television remote she turns it on and hops up 

onto the bed. Swinging one leg over him she straddles him, 

facing his feet. Slipping her arms through the ropes 

holding the dowel and resting it beneath her armpits she 

scoots back and lowers herself just over his face.



Now he knows what the dowel was for. He sees her sex 

lowered to him, but stopping no more than an inch away.

 

"Bring that tongue of yours out and start with a smooth, 

rhythmic lapping."



He gently probes her wet sex for a moment, then is told to 

trace her lips. He probes deeper and curls his tongue, 

tipping his head back as he withdraws, then probes again. 

He repeats this motion and She begins to rock slightly with 

him moaning her approval. She tilts her pelvis forward 

presenting her clitoris, which he circles with his tongue. 

She lowers herself, instructing him to open wide. The tip 

of his nose rests between her lips and he is told to suck 

gently. Closing his mouth slightly he begins to suck, 

rocking his head slightly. His tongue circles her clit as 

he feels her out. Tongue flat he laps at her, sliding over 

her clit and slipping into her sex, probing deep then 

returning. All the while gently sucking.



She is rocking with him and he feels her begin to tense a 

bit as she pushes down on him a bit more. Laying the tip of 

his tongue flat against her clit he presses as he rocks it 

back and forth. He can feel her press down on him and he 

reacts by sucking harder and rocking his head a bit more. 

He can feel her body tense and tremble a bit and he hears 

her bark.



"Suck it bitch. Yeeees goddamit."



She grinds her hips into his face and he can feel the 

spasms of her orgasm. He sucks hard pressing his tongue and 

rocking his head side to side quickly. Then backs off as 

the spasms subside, sucking gently again, then lapping the 

entire length of her sex as she lifts herself off of him 

slightly. She trembles a bit as she catches her breath then 

raises up to stretch, looking at him over her shoulder.



She sets down lightly on his chest and says, "Yes, I think 

we are going to get along just fine."



To be continued.











In Her Service 6



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;And there he stands, impaled and bound to the platform. She has 

been gone for what seems like hours and every time he tries to take the 

weight off his arms or shift in place he's prevented by the plug from 

moving more than a few inches. His mind races as his legs start to 

tremble on the 5 1/2 inch heels. It had taken all of his willpower to 

suppress the feeling of panic that washed over him when she had 

explained the situation he had gotten himself into, then had abruptly 

left. Now he feels it creeping back as his breath quickens and he tries 

to find a way to relieve the tension on his arms. He feels as if she'll 

never return and begins to moan as he squirms in place.



The sound of the deadbolt being thrown on the front door hits him like 

a shot of adrenaline and she sweeps into the room faster than he can 

stop struggling. He sees another person behind her and it takes a 

moment to realize that it's her friend from the club.



She stops just inside the door and planting her hands on her hips, asks 

"Going somewhere?"



With the harness/gag secured to the pole in front of him, he can barely 

shake his head no.



She looks to her friend and asks, "Well, what you think?"



Her friend laughs and replies, "We'll have to put her through some 

tests, but I'm sure she'll work out."



Her heart races in her chest as she approaches him smiling. Seeing the 

look of fear and worry in his eyes she wrinkles her face into a mock 

frown.



"Poor baby, you're not worried are you? Don't be afraid, things don't 

need to be that bad." She looks over her shoulder to her friend and 

asks, "Wanna help me get this bitch into her work uniform?"



Her friend claps her hands together with a smile as she nods the 

affirmative. He tries to shake his head no but with the gag strapped to 

the pole it becomes a mere wiggle. As she moved towards him, he loses 

it and begins begging and pleading into the gag, trying to explain that 

this is all too much for him.



Hearing his pleas and ignoring them she steps directly in front of him 

and slaps his face hard. Smiling as she is rewarded with a moment of 

stunned silence. This she uses to grab his balls with a gloved hand and 

squeeze. She pulls herself close and he can see the anger in her eyes 

as she hisses through clenched teeth. 



"Are you trying to embarrass me again goddamit? I thought we had 

discussed this before I left. Have you already forgotten that you're no 

longer allowed to speak? Maybe I should leave you right where you are 

for a couple more hours and give you time to think about it?"



Turning away from him, she motions for her friend to come over. 

Removing the pin that holds the plug in place, she lets the post drop-

down into the platform and then unlocks his ankles. She continues to 

release him while her friend stands a few feet back and stares. Before 

removing the gag she waves a finger in his face as a silent reminder 

that he is not to speak. His elbows still tied behind his back she 

helps him down off the platform, then immediately pushes him to his 

knees.



Grabbing a clip she connects his bound hands to his ankle cuffs then 

tells him simply, "Head down, eyes on the floor." then exits the room, 

her friend in tow.



As he kneels there on the floor he listens intently for a sign that she 

may be still in the room. He is thankful to be off the platform, but 

now his knees begin to ache. Not to mention the fact that he is just 

plain scared, almost terrified, and it is all he can do to maintain his 

composure. Lifting his head and looking around the room has eyes stop 

on the front door and he wonders if he could make it. But where then? 

Shaking his head as he tests his bonds he quickly realizes that he 

couldn't even stand if he wanted to. He turns his gaze back to the 

floor just in time for there return. He feels the clip being removed at 

his ankles but at the same time a leash is clipped to his collar. He 

barely has time to react as he's pulled up on his feet. Wearing 5 1/2 

inch heels with his arms bound behind him he struggles desperately to 

keep up as she pulls him into the guest bedroom.



When the leash runs out of slack on the way there, she jerks him 

forward and barks, "Hurry up bitch!"



Yet it's all he can do to stay on his feet. Once there she clips the 

leash to an overhead line which she then pulls taut, forcing him to 

stare up at the ceiling.



His stomach rolls with nervous fear as he hears them moving about the 

room. Then he feels the straps removed from his elbows and his wrist 

cuffs released, however his hands are immediately brought in front of 

him and the overhead line that was on his collar is moved to his hands. 

As his bound hands are pulled up he nervously looks around the room but 

sees nothing out of the ordinary. He cranes his head around but is told 

to look forward as he hears her approach him from behind. He feels a 

hood pulled over his head as he's plunged momentarily into darkness. 

Dark that is, until straightened so he can see out eyeholes. He can 

remember this hood and he starts to whimper slightly. Then he can feel 

her fingers at his ear, pressing a wax plug into it first one than the 

other. As she does this her friend has moved around in front of him and 

is slipping a thick black collar around his neck and pressing the snaps 

from the bottom of the hood into the snaps around the inside of the 

collar.



He begins to shake slightly, then not being able to take anymore he 

says "Please mistress..."



But is interrupted by her voice coming from the plug in his left ear. 

"Quiet! Okay, we'll go over this one more time."



The slight echo he hears disappears as she snaps the padded flaps over 

his ears and now he was only left with the sound of his breathing. He 

then feels the posture collar bite beneath his jaw line as it

 is drawn tight.



Her voice again, "Unless you're asked a direct question which can't be 

answered by a simple yes or no, you are not allowed to speak."



His heart sinks as he feels a padlock pushed shut on the collar. He's 

told to open his mouth and a relatively small spongy gag is pushed in. 



As she pulls the mouth zipper closed she says, "I have much more severe 

gags that you could find yourself wearing for days at a time if you 

feel the need to speak. Lying bitch slaves should be seen and not 

heard."



He feels his maid uniform unzipped and slipped down him along with the 

petticoat. As his corset is untied he can feel another pair of hands 

removing his shoes, then garters and pulling his fishnets off.



He feels a different corset slipped around his waist. It feels like 

rubber but he can't quite get a look at it due to the restriction of 

the collar.



"Curious are we?" She asks. He nods yes. "We'll go over your new rules 

and restrictions once we're finished, but I guess I could explain a few 

things."



He feels the lace is drawn tight and gathered at the small of his back. 

He lets out a gasp as the corset is drawn even tighter around him. She 

continues into his earpiece...



"This dear is a latex corset. This one is just for starters, that is 

until we order a properly fitted one that will bring you down to where 

I want your waist to be."



After she ties off the corset he feels her fumbling with something else 

at the back. Then through her microphone he hears the unmistakable 

sound of one then another padlock closing.



"Of course it padlocks in place, just like your new one will. I decided 

to go with latex for your entire uniform because of the length of time 

you'll be in them. Remember, unless you're in the shower this is what 

you'll be wearing. Which means you'll be wearing this anywhere from 36 

to 48 hours a time."



Latex stockings are rolled up his legs and he feels the garters 

attached. He flinches a little when he feels something cold press at 

his ass. A hand is placed on his shoulder and he hears her say "relax" 

into his earpiece. The plug slips into place and he feels a belt 

tighten around his waist. His sex is slipped into a latex pouch 

connected to the front of the belt, then drawn back by two thin steel 

chains. These are threaded through the base of the plug and are locked 

in place behind him. He then feels hands at his feet, slipping them 

into a pair of very high heels. The hands linger at the ankle straps 

and although he tries, the posture collar prevents him from being able 

to see. His earpiece clicks to life.



"Those heels are a full six inches without platform. It might take some 

time for you to get used to them, but you'll have plenty of time. Of 

course the ankle straps padlock. Now, I've got to let your hands free 

and I expect you to be on your best behavior."



Once his hands are free she slips a latex maid uniform over his head as 

he teeters on the heels. Once the uniform is in place she slips a wide 

leather belt around the smallest point of his waist, then runs a strap 

from this belt to the back of his collar, pulling his head back. He's 

told to put his arms at his sides and soft leather cuffs are placed 

just above his elbow and locked, connected by about 2 feet of fine 

chain. He's then grabbed by the shoulders and turned so that he's 

facing her then told to sit on the end of the bed.



Standing there in front of him, arms crossed and looking as if deep in 

thought before turning her attention back to him. He sees her lips move 

as his earpiece crackles to life.







"Now, about where you stand with me right now. You were warned 

repeatedly about being honest and yet you lied in an attempt to avoid 

the minimum two months service we had agreed upon. You have been told 

that your misdeeds come back to you threefold and as a result you then

needed to serve a minimum of six months. And yet only days later, fully 

aware of what was expected of you as well as the consequences, you lied 

to me several times about your job.. All of these in which could only be an 

attempt to avoid what was now six months of service.



"As I see it I'm being lenient by calling this only one lie, which now means you serve 18 months." 

He starts to protest and is slapped hard across the face as she screams at him "Shut the fuck up dammit!!"



"You are not allowed to speak and any excessive noise we'll simply 

result in a larger gag. You will be dressed properly and maintain 

proper appearance at all times. You will no longer be on a regular 

sleep schedule. You will be allowed to sleep an hour or two at a time 

when instructed to do so, and you'll sleep in full uniform. Every 36 to 

48 hours you'll be given one-hour to relieve yourself, wash yourself, 

clean your uniform and get dressed again. Your breaks will be the last 

five minutes of every hour. With this you can use the bathroom or just 

get off your feet. When not on break you'll be actively working or 

standing and waiting instruction. If you're ever late coming off break 

or are found on break at any time other than the last five minutes of 

the hour, we'll simply go on taking one break every two hours.



"There'll be plenty to keep you busy and your responsibilities will 

include all of the laundry that is sorting, washing, drying, and 

folding. You will do the dusting, vacuuming, floor scrubbing. You will 

cook and serve all of the meals as well as cleanup afterwards. The 

slightest mistake will be dealt with harshly. Any hint of disobedience 

or frustration will be punished to the extreme."



She then orders him to stand and he balances precariously on the heels, 

as much from their height as from his own head spinning. Her voice is 

in his ear again. 



"If you were allowed to speak I would have you thank my friend here for 

what you're wearing, she was kind enough to donate what she had. Now 

then, we have a bit of business to discuss so go on and make yourself 

busy. If you can't find something that should be done you're not 

looking hard enough. You could ask me, but I think you may not like my 

response."



And with that he minced out of the room and towards the kitchen. He 

felt weirdly disconnected from his body. He was terrified and yet 

somehow he maintained his composure, perhaps from the shock of the 

whole situation. Even worse was the fact that he was the vaguely 

excited at some primal level and even though he would run if he could, 

he felt his confined sex stir.



No sooner had he stepped into the kitchen does he hear the speaker in 

his ear crackle to life. "You'll need to make us coffee."



Then again the deafening silence. The restriction of how he's dressed 

is already starting to get to him as he gets the coffee ready. He 

realizes that he doesn't know how her friend takes her coffee, so he 

finds a tray so that he can bring cream and sugar to them along with 

the coffee. His thoughts race through his head and the coffee is done 

before he knows it. He pours 2 cups and sets them on a tray along with 

the cream and sugar, then takes as deep of a breath as the corset will 

allow and walks into the living room with the tray.



He finds them sitting on the couch with a bunch of legal papers strewn 

before them and he begins to wonder what exactly they are doing. Tray 

in hand, he carefully sets each cup of coffee down then sets the tray 

with the cream and sugar in an open spot on the table. He can see her 

watching him closely as he sets each item down and before he can turn 

to leave she holds a finger in the air, signaling for him to wait. Her 

friend holds a paper in hand and appears to be explaining something to 

her; of course all he can hear is the sound of his breath echoing in 

his plugged ears. The look on her face as she held her finger up to him 

made him nervous. She looks displeased and he looked around for what he 

could've done wrong.



She can see him fidget as he stands there out of the corner of her eye 

and when her friend is done, she turns to him as she turns her headset 

on. Folding her hands in front of her she speaks calmly and evenly into 

the microphone.



"Shouldn't you be standing at attention? And by that I mean feet 

together, hands folded, and eyes forward."



She watches him struggle to stand still and straight, then takes note 

of how the restriction already seems to be affecting him.



She speaks into the microphone, "I want you to take a close look at the 

tray you just brought to us. On it you'll see a ring from one of the 

cups as well as loose sugar from when you filled the bowl. I want you 

to pick the tray up and step over here, clear of the table."



The stomach churns as he bends down and picks the tray up, being 

careful not to spill the cream. Holding the tray in front of him he 

works his way to the side of the table nearest her but clear of all the 

papers and waits, arms outstretched. Again her voice fills his head. 

"It's the little mistakes like that that are going to do you in." And 

with that she casually pushes the tray out of his hands and onto the 

floor where the sugar bowl and the creamer shatter.



"Now I want you to pick the tray up, clean it off and bring us some 

fresh cream and sugar. Then when you're done with that you can clean up 

this mess, and you can bet that those broken dishes are coming out of 

your ass."



Then with the wave of her hand she dismissed him, and turned back to 

her friend as if nothing had happened.



He stands there shaking slightly, unsure how to react for a moment. 

Then he minces forward to get the tray and quickly realizes that he 

can't just bend over and grab it. Between the constriction of corset, 

the collar, the height of the heels and the chain connecting his elbows 

he finds the only way he can reach it is to bend at the knees while 

keeping his back straight. Looking at the clock as he steps into the 

kitchen, he realizes that he's been dressed like this for less than an 

hour. Already the sound of his breath in his ears is making him 

claustrophobic, even though he can't seem to catch his breath through 

the corset and it feels like his ribs are being crushed.



He thinks to himself, "I've got to get out of here. I'm not going 

anywhere like this, but first chance I get... I've just got to maintain 

for now."



Filling a new sugar bowl and creamer, he once again carries the tray 

out to them. Upon setting it on the table she announces that her friend 

takes her coffee black just like her, and that the tray will only take 

up space. Then she motions for him to take it away.



He returns to the kitchen tray in hands and sets it on the counter. 

Letting out an audible sigh he grabs a mop and broom and begins working 

on the mess that was made. As he does he hears her voice click in his 

head again, even toned and businesslike.



"I'll be going to bed soon and it appears we will have an overnight 

visitor. So when you're finished with that mess, I want you to prepare 

the guestroom and turn down the beds. Let's see, it's 10:00 PM now so 

I'm going to allow you a 2 hour sleep break from 1 AM to 3 AM. Don't 

worry; I'll probably give you another one sometime after breakfast 

tomorrow. Let me remind you that other than that, the only time I 

should see you at rest is the last five minutes of every hour. The 

kitchen is your first main project and I'm sure you can keep busy. 

After all, there's the refrigerator to clean and freezer to defrost, 

the oven needs cleaning, the shelves need new shelf paper, the walls 

need scrubbing, as does the floor. This is in addition to the everyday 

duties like cooking, vacuuming, laundry, ect. We will be waking up at 8 

AM and I expect breakfast ready to serve by 8:15. Eggs over easy, hash 

browns, coffee and orange juice. Got it?"



He looks over to her and she looks up from the document she's reading 

long enough to see him nod. He minces over to where the sugar and cream 

combined in a mess on the floor. First sweeping then mopping then 

sweeping again he cleans the mess as best he can, occasionally looking 

over at her and her friend, yet he is completely ignored. Looking over 

at the clock and seeing that it was almost 5 minutes to the hour he 

quickly finishes up and hurries to the bathroom to empty his bladder. 



On lifting his skirt he quickly realizes that he will have to sit to 

urinate but figures he has to get off his feet for a minute anyways. 

Sitting there trying to collect his thoughts and trying to grasp the 

situation, he decides that he has to get the hell out of here.



"And she expects me to do this for the next 18 months? Unbelievable! No 

f--king way!" He mutters under his breath. "I may have agreed to serve, 

but this is too much."



Suddenly thinking of the time he realizes there is no clock in here and 

he can't be sure how long he's been here. Panicking slightly he stands 

to check himself and heads out of the bathroom and into the guest 

bedroom. Once there, he turns down the sheets and makes sure all is in 

order, then through the connecting door into her bedroom to make sure 

all is in order. He then heads back to the kitchen where he busies 

himself with the dishes.



"Finished?" She asks in his ear again.



He looks up and over to her waiting for eye contact, then nods when she 

looks up. She keeps a straight face, but is quite happy on the inside. 

She can see that the situation is beginning to stress him, and she can 

hear his heart and breath quicken in her ear. She stands to make her 

way to her bedroom but doesn't get 2 feet before she feels and hears 

glass crunch beneath her shoe.



Careless bitch she thinks to herself. That's okay though, it gives me 

an excuse for making things hard on her and to steer her in the 

direction I want her to go. She checks on the guestroom, then her own. 

Once finished, she pulls a padded sawhorse from against the wall into 

the center of the room, checking that it has the proper restraints Once 

satisfied she begins to speak to him as she makes her way back out into 

the kitchen.



"I thought I told you to clean that mess from the cream and sugar 

earlier? I'll have you know that I just stepped on a piece of glass." 

She announces as she rounds the corner into the kitchen.



There's a look of shock on his face and she can hear him start to 

stutter "But...b-but..."



And she cuts him off angrily. "I can't believe you still don't know the 

meaning of silence. But you are going to learn dammit. Now, in the 

bedroom, bend yourself over the horse and attach the wrist and ankle 

cuffs. Go!"



He fights against the urge to protest as a wave of frustration washes 

over him. His frustration grows as he tries to stomp off to the bedroom. 

Only to find that in the heels and uniform he can't even walk angry. 

Stepping into the room he can see the horse sitting there and suddenly 

his stomach is in his throat. He looks around the room as his mind 

races for a way to avoid this, but has trouble assembling a coherent 

thought.



Once at the horse he pauses and looks back at the door. Looking at the 

clips laying slack on top of the horse he can see they're for his 

wrists, but he just can't seem to bring himself to attach them to his 

wrist cuffs. Then he thinks he hears something through the dead silence 

of the hood. He panics as he reaches for one of the clips and can't 

reach it due to his elbows being attached behind him. He has to lean 

hard to clip one wrist with the opposite hand then reaching over with 

his other hand he realizes there's no way to attach that clip. Instead 

he reaches as far as he can then stands there bent slightly forward his 

waist pressed against the horse.



He is startled as he feels his other wrist grabbed and that clip 

snapped in place. She steps around in front of him. Crouching down she 

grabs the end of the ropes that hold his wrists and pulls each of them. 

As she does this the chain between his elbows is pulled taut and his 

waist is pressed against the horse. She looks up at him and smiles at 

her handiwork. Then she rises and slowly walks around him and out of 

his vision. He feels her hands at the skirt behind him, rolling it up 

to his waist. Then she unlocks and drops the latex and chain harness to 

his knees. Then the moment seems to drag on and he starts to shake 

slightly. He's tempted to look around when suddenly he hears her voice 

in his head again.



"First, these are for the half assed job you did cleaning up the dishes 

that I had to break." She says as she walks by in front of him with a 

single tail whip cradled in her hands.



Suddenly she stops directly in front of him and brings the whip back in 

one hand. She swings it without hesitation allowing it to wraparound 

his hip and bite into his ass cheek. With this, he screamed in the gag. 

As soon as she recovered the whip in both hands she lashed out again 

and again. His whole body stiffened as he protested and begged, yet she 

didn't stop until she landed eight blows. Once finished she steps 

around behind him.



He had had his eyes screwed shut when she finished and by the time he 

opened them she is gone. He panics a bit as he scans what he could see 

of the room for her. Suddenly he feels her hands on his balls, followed 

by sharp pain as a clip is attached. Again the speaker clicks to life 

in his ear.



"And this is for speaking without being spoken to. But don't worry 

because I'm not quite done yet. Here's a little weight for you."



With that she attached a large lead sinker weighing one pound. His moan 

into the gag turned to a higher pitch, as it did for the next five 

weights. When done she walks towards the bed and sits on the edge of 

it. He could see her now out of the corner of his eye and he turned his 

head slightly towards her. It was almost surreal watching her lips move 

as her voice began again in his head.



"I get the feeling that you don't recognize the seriousness of your 

situation. And just so you know, I heard your little comment about 

having to 'get out of here' earlier in the kitchen. You really 

shouldn't talk out loud to yourself. What did you forget that there's 

also a mike in your hood? Let me assure you that your best course of 

action at this point would be to simply do your best. Do yourself a 

favor and accept your position. You have been warned numerous times and 

given many second chances. From this point out I don't want to see or 

hear any indication that you wish to leave or no longer serve, as you 

will regret it.



"Now I want you to remember that your breaks are the last five minutes 

of each hour and you have a sleep break from 1 AM to 3 AM. I suggest 

you set an alarm."



She then laid back on the bed and watched him squirm for the next 15 

minutes. Meanwhile he was sure that his balls were going to be torn off 

at any moment. Just when he thought he couldn't take anymore he felt 

her began to remove the weights one by one then finally remove the 

clip. He screamed into the gag as the blood rushed back to the affected 

area. She quickly undid his bonds and announced that he was dismissed 

and that it was time for her to go to bed.



He moved stiffly, his shoulders aching from being bound as well as his 

feet from sitting idle in the heels. He made his way to the bedroom 

door and before he leaves he hears her chide "don't misbehave" in his 

ear.



He steps out in a daze and looking back can see her close the bedroom 

door behind him. He walks around for short time unsure of what to do 

and unable to form a coherent thought. He decides to wash the few 

dishes that were left while he tries to collect his thoughts. His mind 

clears a bit as he finishes the dishes and wipes the counters down. 



"This is insane." He thinks to himself and starts to think of ways he 

can get out of the situation.



He finds that he has to actively police himself from speaking out loud 

which he seems to do just to hear a voice, any voice. He knows that she 

will expect a certain amount of work to be done so he begins to work on 

cleaning the fridge. Time moves slowly and he's frustrated by how his 

movement is limited due to the heels, elbow chains, posture collar etc. 

not to mention the pain caused by the heels and the constriction of the 

corset.



By the time the refrigerator and the freezer are finished he can see 

that the time for him to sleep is rapidly approaching. He takes a walk 

around the house looking everywhere, but for what he doesn't know. He 

sees that they have taken all the papers they were working on and 

wonders again just what they were. As he goes to get the alarm he 

notices a set of keys on the end table and recognizes them as hers from 

the fact that her car key is on them. Looking towards the door he 

wonders to himself about whether the keys to the front door are on that 

chain.



Setting the alarm he lays down on the sofa in an attempt to use what 

little sleep time she has given him. He wonders why she has chosen to 

disrupt his sleep schedule, but can't even guess. He struggles to relax 

but his mind continues to focus on his situation, then back on the keys 

he had seen. If the key to the deadbolts for the front door are on it 

he could try to leave. Her car keys were on that ring so he could use 

her car to jumpstart his, or even take her car for that matter. If he 

left now he could take the majority of his things with him, whereas if 

he simply waited for her to release him he could just not return but 

would have to leave much behind. He also had to consider what she would 

do if he got caught and just how serious she was about holding him to 

their agreement, and what she was willing to do enforce it. The reality 

of serving her was quite different from the fantasy and he wanted out.



Yet as he thought about having to serve her for the next 18 months on a 

regular basis, and having no choice in the matter, the fantasy crept in 

again. But he knew the reality of the situation. The keys weighed on 

his mind. Just one more thing to keep me from sleeping he told himself. 

Besides, the keys to the house may not even be on them, in which case 

dwelling on it is a moot point. He stood up and made his way to the 

keys, then to the front door. Trying the first key it turned the lock 

easily. Grabbing the handle he peeked out through the screen door then 

quickly closed it again while he looked around nervously. Not being 

able to hear made him nervous and the sound of his own breathing 

increased as a result. He stood there contemplating what to do. He knew 

he had to get out of here and he reasoned that he could at least 

negotiate a little better if he wasn't captive at the time. Stepping 

quietly back to the spare bedroom where his clothes were, he suddenly 

remembers that her friend is staying over.



"Screw it." he says to himself as he decided he would leave without his 

things rather than risk getting caught.



Grabbing a blanket off the couch he wraps it around him as he heads to 

the front door. Taking a quick look around him he took a deep breath 

and opened the door. Turning the handle on the screen door, he pushes 

only to find it won't open. Turning the handle back and forth he's 

puzzled as it doesn't appear locked. Scanning the door from top to 

bottom he can see no other lock, yet when he tries to open it, it 

doesn't budge.



Eyeing the door he can see that it's a bit more than a screen door. 

It's actually a security gate that was put in with one way screws, yet 

he still can't see what is stopping it from opening and he doesn't have 

the stomach to continue to look. Closing the door he thinks he hears 

something and spins around to look only to see nothing. His heart races 

as he closes the door. He pauses to think for a moment then heads for 

one of the windows. Drawing the shade back he can see that it also has 

a security screen. He doesn't bother to check the other windows and 

heads to the door leading to the garage. He fumbles with the keys as he 

tries them one by one. His heart sinks as he realizes that none of them 

will open the door. He makes his way back out into the living room. By 

this time he can hear his heart pounding. Unable to think straight he 

sits down and tries to clear his head. Once he calms down a bit he 

realizes that he won't be leaving tonight, so he lays back down and 

tries to sleep. He wonders what is in store for him and his thoughts 

keep him awake. He's still wide awake when his alarm rings at 3 a.m. 

signaling that his sleep time is over.



Dejected, he dawdles around the kitchen, biding his time until he has 

to start breakfast. Come 7:30 he starts the coffee then starts to cook. 

He wracks his brain trying to remember what it was he had to make, and 

he believes he remembers. As 8:00 approaches he looks around for 

anything that might be out of place and doesn't see anything. He is 

standing at the stove when he sees her step through the kitchen and 

walk into the living room. Moments later he hears the mike crackle to 

life in his ear. It's her voice in a calm even tone asking him to come 

into the living room. He walks in and stops a few feet away from where 

she stands next to the couch. He struggles to stand at attention as she 

steps towards him. One hand reaches for his collar and as soon as she 

gets a hold of it he is startled as her other hand comes up to slap him 

hard on the face. He is still reeling as she pulls him forward by the 

collar then grabs his head from behind forcing him to look down at the 

couch.



"What the fuck is this?" she shouts into the mike.



All he can see is the blanket and suddenly realizes that is the 

problem. He had failed to fold it and put it away. His face still 

stings from the vicious slap as he tries to stutter a reply.



She cuts him off as she growls. "Never mind, you know what it is."



And with that she pushes his head back and away from her and he 

struggles to keep his balance. She stands there hands on hips looking 

from him to the blanket. He nervously steps forward to grab the 

blanket. He tries to offer an apology through the gag and hood only to 

be greeted with another slap.



"Still can't grasp the concept of not speaking unless asked a direct 

question, can you?"



To that he replies, "No Ma'am." Then grabs the blanket off the couch 

and folds it as he heads towards the linen closet.



On his exit she steps over to her keys and examines them. She shakes 

her head in disbelief as she cracks a wry smile. She can plainly see 

the red and blue nondrying ink from the front and back doors on the 

keys.



She draws a deep breath and the smile widens as she thinks to herself, 

"He's going to be a bit of a challenge."



She pauses in contemplation of how to handle this and how to entrap him 

further, although he seems to be doing a pretty good job of it himself. 

She watches him step back into the kitchen to attend to the stove and 

turns the headset mike on.



"Announce breakfast when it is ready." She then walks past him without 

giving him a second look as she heads off to wake her friend up.



Meanwhile he is almost finished cooking breakfast. He turns the burners 

down and goes to announce that breakfast is served. Peeking into her 

open bedroom door he doesn't see her. Walking to the spare bedroom he 

notes that the door is closed. Knocking on the door, the earpiece comes 

alive.



"Is breakfast ready?"



He mumbles a yes through the hood then returns to the kitchen. He 

starts to fill one plate when they step into the kitchen and seat 

themselves. He walks both plates of food to the table and can already 

see her shaking her head. He fills 2 glasses of orange juice and 2 cups 

of coffee and sets them on the table in front of them, then steps back 

from the table and folds his hands in front of him. He becomes a bit 

worried as she is still shaking her head. She looks over to him as she 

turns the headset on.



"Go get the black footstool from the living room and set it at the end 

of the table here." She says, pointing to the opposite end of the 

table.



That nervous fear envelopes him as he retrieves the footstool and 

places it at the end of the table. No sooner had he set it there did 

her voice chime in "Kneel on it, ass resting on your heels." He was a 

bit confused, as he thought he was to serve breakfast, but complied 

anyways. Once he was seated she pushed her chair back and stepped into 

her bedroom. She returned moments later and stepped behind him. 

Speaking into the headset she ordered him to pick up his ass. Undoing 

the lock on his waist/crotch harness she slipped the pouch holding his 

sex forward, exposing him. Taking the short length of chain in her hand 

she looped one end above his scrotum and ordered him back down on his 

haunches. Then she looped the other end through an eyebolt that was 

recessed into the stool. Both of these were secured with a small brass 

padlock. Finished, she stepped back to her place at the table and sat 

down. She didn't acknowledge him as they sat across from him eating 

breakfast and having what appeared to be a polite conversation.



Once they were finished with breakfast, her friend left the table and 

stepped out of the room, while she pushed away from the table and 

turned her chair towards him. Turning the headset on, he could hear her 

draw a deep breath and sigh heavily.



"Well, there was so much done incorrectly that I don't really know 

where to begin. For most of it I'm going to assume that you just didn't 

know any better. Things like not having proper place settings, not 

properly presenting each item, ect. I may not hold these things against 

you but they do illustrate just how much training you require and how 

strict it has to be." She leaned back, folding her arms. "However there 

was one thing which you have no excuse for and won't be tolerated. The 

eggs were supposed to be over easy and yet you scrambled them. That 

tells me that either you chose not to listen to me, didn't think it was 

important enough to remember, or you heard and remembered it and did 

what you wanted anyways. I'm not sure which is worse. Regardless, we'll 

address that one later. For now, something new has come up and as a 

result, I have a bit more business to discuss with my friend. I expect 

you to wait patiently, as I'll get to you soon enough."



She turned off the headset and turned away from him just as her friend 

reentered, carrying more papers and laying them out on the table before 

them. He saw what appeared to be serious discussion between them but 

couldn't hear what was said and was sitting too low and far away to 

make out the nature of the papers.



Finally it appeared as if they were done. Her friend leaves again while 

she scoots her chair down towards him. She sets several documents on 

the edge of the table in front of him. Again her voice is in his head. 



"Rest assured that there is nothing here that would violate our agreed 

upon limits." She says as she hands him a pen. "I'll point to where I 

need your signatures... first here."



She points to a spot on the document, but the document is at arms 

length and just above his eye level. He reaches for the documents, 

trying to pick them up so that he can read them but is stopped by her 

hand on his.



"No, I didn't ask you to read them, just sign."



At this point he balked and set the pen down instead of signing.



"I already told you that none of this violates your limits." She says 

holding out the pen again. "I will give you one minute to make up your 

mind, after that I'm going to spend several hours making you beg to 

sign them and I think you know that I can. It's your choice."



He knew he had little choice but to sign, besides he also knows that 

any kind of document involving bdsm is not enforceable, so what harm 

can it do?



Once he was finished she scooped up the papers and headed back to the 

guestroom and to her friend. A short while later they both return, 

except they are both wearing coats and carrying purses as if they were 

going somewhere. She looks him over, then announces to him that they 

have a few errands to run this morning and should be back in a couple 

hours. Then without another word they headed out by way of the garage. 

He panicked a bit but quickly settled down when he realized that 

although he couldn't leave the stool, he wasn't uncomfortable either. 

Meanwhile outside, she steps to the front door and looks for the tape 

she had bridged between the doorknob and the base of the doorknob. It 

had been clearly broken as if someone had turned the knob and tried to 

open it, not knowing that it had been bolted from the outside.



With being left to his own thoughts he began to wonder what else she 

had planned for him as well as how she was going to react if he broke 

contact and didn't return the next time he was supposed to. He also 

felt himself starting to nod off, even as nervous as he was. He caught 

himself fading several times until finally he worked his legs out from 

beneath him and fell asleep face down sprawled on the stool.



He awoke to someone shaking his shoulder unsure of where he was at 

first, then he was reminded by the ache in his ribs and feet from his 

corset and shoes. He was no longer chained to the stool, but his hands 

were cuffed in front of him. He sat up on the stool and looked around 

groggily. He saw her moving about the kitchen and when she saw him she 

smiled and spoke into the headset.



"Good morning! Up on your feet."



He stood unsteady on the heels as she walked up to him. Clipping a 

leash to his collar, she motioned for him to follow. He struggled to 

keep up with her as she led him to the spare bedroom. Grabbing him by 

the shoulders she positioned him at the end of the bed. His stomach 

leapt into his throat as he remembered the last time he was in this 

spot. Lifting his hands she clips the wrist cuffs to a clip hanging 

from the ceiling. He fought the urge to ask what was going on as she 

stepped to the wall and grabbed the opposite end of the rope.



Pulling his hands up, she could hear him let out a slight whimper as 

she tied the end of the rope off. Their little shopping trip had gone 

well and she fingered the items laid out on the dresser directly behind 

him. She unlocks his collar and slips his hood off. He is ecstatic to 

feel air on his face again and sighs heavily. It is short lived as she 

orders him to open up. She slips the gag of the new hood in place then 

pulls it over his head. This hood seems different, tighter than the 

last. Slipping a new 4" posture collar beneath his chin, he lets out a 

whimper as she maneuvers it into place then locks it. Looping the strap 

at the back of the collar through the belt at his waist, she pulls it 

tight, forcing his back straight. Stepping around in front of him she 

connects the pump bulb to the front of the hood at the mouth right next 

to the breathing tube. Bringing her face about a foot away from his she 

pauses to savor the moment, then giving the bulb a squeeze. His eyes 

widen as the gag expands in his mouth and she responds with a smile. 

She continues to pump until he protests, and then gives it another  

pump.



"It's almost a shame to cover these expressive eyes of yours up but oh 

well..." She taunts as she snaps one of the hoods blindfolds in place.



He is still mentally and physically struggling with the posture collar 

that is biting in beneath his jaw that seems forced open impossibly 

wide when his world goes dark. He feels her snap the blindfold in 

place, and at first it seems a normal blindfold. Then as his eyes 

adjust he can see that there are two small holes in the blindfold, no 

bigger than a quarter inch. Inside these holes is some kind of very 

dark glass, like a very dark pair of sunglasses. He fights against the 

urge to panic. He then feels her hand at his ass, removing the 

plug there. Before he can enjoy its absence he feels another plug 

slipped in place, however this one feels a bit smaller. Tucking his sex 

back into the pouch of his waist harness, she pulls the harness tight 

and locks it again. Using the same pump bulb, she connects it to the 

plug and squeezes the bulb until she hears him let out a distant 

squeal. She removes the bulb pump and slips it into her pocket, knowing 

that the gag and plug cannot be deflated without it. Finally, she 

unlocks the ankle straps on the 5 1/2" heels he is wearing and slips 

them off. These she replaces with a pair of 6" heels that also padlock 

at the ankle straps. Between these she runs a 6 inch length of chain. 

She steps back to admire her handiwork before undoing the rope at the 

wall anchor. Once again she clips the leash to his collar and leads him 

out of the room, this time a bit slower...



He feels the tug at his collar and steps forward gingerly, only to have 

the hobble at his ankles stop his step short. He realizes he can only 

take very short mincing steps, which is probably all he could do as the 

height of the heels try to tip his body forward while the posture 

collar and strap pull back at him cruelly, forcing him upright. The 

plug forces him to walk slightly bowlegged and swing his hips wider. He 

can see her or at least a portion of her, dimly through the blindfold 

as she pulls him along smiling. He has to fight the urge to protest for 

fear of making matters worse. She leads him out past the kitchen and 

into the living room. Stopping just inside she grabs his shoulders to 

show him where she wants him to stand. Clipping the leash to an 

overhead rope, she pulls it tight and secures it. Stepping up behind 

him she pulls his elbows to within a few inches of one another, then 

slips a double sided clip through each elbow cuff to hold them there. 

After she does this she appears to go on about her business, not even 

acknowledging him. He can see her friend is here on the couch, but from 

what he can see she doesn't acknowledge him either. He is becoming 

increasingly uncomfortable as he stands there. His breathing becomes 

labored and he is struck by how mechanical it sounds through the 

breathing tube as it echoes in his ears.



After what seems like an eternity, the earpiece crackles to life. 

"Sorry about the delay, but these are going to be some pretty important 

subjects we're about to discuss, so I thought I should give you a 

moment to focus. Can you hear me alright?"



He nodded yes as best he could.



"Okay then. I guess I should start by letting you know that I'm quite 

pleased with your actions last night."



He let out a slight sigh. He thought he was in trouble, and was 

starting to think that maybe she had somehow found out about his using 

her keys and trying to leave.



"What pleased me most was that you were predictable. You see, I know 

about you using my keys to open the front door in what I'm quite sure 

was an attempt to leave without saying goodbye. I even know that you 

tried just about all of them in the door to the garage, so I'm not even 

going to ask for an explanation."



His whole body went cold.



"Now, you were trying to leave, weren't you?"



His mind raced for some other explanation, but in his condition he 

could hardly think straight, yet alone be creative. He didn't have to 

think long as she chimed in.



"Just the fact that you couldn't answer right away tells me what your 

intentions were. You know the consequences and still you break the 

rules. I can only think that you are doing this on purpose, I mean 

after all you did say you 'craved helplessness' and wanted to be 'held 

captive'. Well, regardless of your intentions, you landed in the thick 

of it."



She pauses as she steps over to the couch. Sitting down she dips below 

his field of vision. He's trembling as he balances atop the impossible 

heels. He wonders just how he got himself into this. Actually not how, 

but why. She had told him that she was dead serious about the concepts 

of D/s and yet he can remember that this just excited him more at the 

time. Now he's just flat out worried. His thoughts are interrupted by 

her voice again.



"Our prior agreement was 18 months of service, and I was being lenient 

there with the expectation that there would be no further problems."



She pauses to let it sink in, as well as for effect.







"Now listen to me. These are you're options and you're lucky to be getting a choice. You can let your ex-wife and your son and anybody else know that you've taken a short term assignment overseas for the next 6 months as part of your new job. During that 6 months you will be here, 24/7, learning how to be a very proper sissy maid. Very fem, very sissy. You will grow your hair long and styled, ears peirced, teeth fixed, maybe some collagen in your lips. Maybe laser hair removal, regardless you will be smooth from the neck down. You'll go on a strict diet with extreme waist and foot training. We'll get your waist down to at least 24 inches, maybe less and with the foot training, 5 inch heels will feel like flats. You will be pierced and fitted for a secure chastity. Your only release for the entire time you're in service will be by stimulating your prostrate.&nbsp; You will eventually become psycologically conditioned to orgasm from anal sex. Of course they will relieve the pressure in your balls, but they will be unfulfilling, leaving you always wanting more. We will use hypnosis and psycological conditioning to make you act and sound female, I may even make it so you crave cock.

After 6 months you will be the perfect little sissy maid, always looking to please me. Then for the remaining 48 months you will still be in service but allowed to get a regular job and only required to serve 24 hours a week, not 24/7. However, by that point you may want to stay 24/7.

Or...

You can let everybody know that you are taking a job overseas and that you will be gone for 2 years. We'll get a property management to lease out your house. They can either store your stuff or rent it as furnished. Then you will spend the next 24 months serving me as well as managing the club i'm going to purchase from my friend here. Now when i say manage, i don't mean be the boss, because of course you'll be subordinate to any of the other employees. I mean you will balance the books, do the ordering, make sure the place runs smoothly. Preping the place to open, waitressing while it's open, and cleaning up after hours. Then whenever you're not there, you will be serving me. If you choose this option your new committment will be 24 months, but it will be 24/7 for those months. We won't go quite as severe on the training and conditioning, especially the psycological aspect of it, so that you won't go under any permanent changes mentally, which is sure to happen with the first option.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The first one would actually be more pleasant for you and probably easier. Not at first of course because the first 6 months would be tearing you down, breaking and dehumanizing you, then rebuilding you as i wish. By the six month mark you will probably be begging to serve me because you love it and it's all you know, which will make the remaining 48 months much more pleasant for you. Trouble is, after those 48 months you will probably be begging me to stay."



Again she leaves a dramatic pause as he stands there trembling. He is 

having a hard time assembling a coherent thought as his mind is racing.



"She can't really be serious... Is she screwing with my mind?" is all 

he can ask himself.



His jaw aches and his feet are starting to scream from standing in one 

place on the heels. Her voice cuts in again.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;With the second option you may be done quicker, but&nbsp; managing the club will involve greater responsibilities and commitment, 

as well as the potential to make bigger mistakes, which result in 

greater punishments...."





He can see her stand and approach him in the dim light that the hood 

allows. The blindfold is stripped away and the light stabs at his eyes. 

She replaces it with a full blindfold and when he reopens them he is in 

total darkness. He then feels his legs begin to be drawn together and 

realizes that he's being wrapped in something. The wrist cuffs are 

undone and his hands are pushed to his sides. Soon the wrap covers 

them, holding his arms at his sides. There is a push at the gag in his 

mouth and the sounds of his breath take on an odd echo. He panics a bit 

but feels hands grasp the sides of his head. Her voice again...



"That's just a tube I attached to your gag, breathe normally..."



She let's go of his head and unclips the leash. He can then feel the 

wrap passed around his head. She assists him as he struggles to stay 

upright. Then he feels himself lowered sideways as his feet are picked 

up and he's laid down on an odd feeling surface, almost spongy.



She steps back from the box and admires her handiwork. She has him 

wrapped in cellophane from head to toe with only the breathing tube 

hanging out. He is lying on his back in a crate similar in size to a 

coffin, lined with 6 inches of sponge like foam. She has to pull back 

on the foam and press down on his shoulders for him to fit. Snaking the 

breathing tube through a hole in the lid, she turns the headset on.



"I have given you enough information to decide, but I don't need a 

decision from you right away, so I'm going to give you some time to 

think about it."



Rotating the lid closed, it stops a couple inches short due to the 6 

inches of foam on the lid itself. She sits on the lid, forcing it 

closed and compressing the foam around him. She is rewarded with a moan 

that escapes the breathing tube as she closes the latch.



He feels his surroundings as well as her words press in on him and his 

breath quickens. He tests his padded prison and finds that he cannot 

move even a fraction of an inch. As he struggles to grasp the 

predicament in which he's found himself, her voice chimes in...



"Okay I'll leave you alone to your thoughts for a while. Don't worry 

though, I'll check up on you in a day or two...







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  azsub1


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





