BDSM Library - Her One True Prince and Master




Her One True Prince and Master
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: At the age of seventeen, Eve falls in love with a mysterious stranger who awakens her sexual desire. Nearly two decades later they meet again and by now Eve is a beautiful woman with a desire to be dominated. Jonny is happy to take on the role of her master and they begin a passionate and kinky affair - but Jonny has a secret - he works in the dangerous world of espionage and only too soon his risky double life will lead to a violent conclusion. This tale includes a woman\'s account of her learning curve of submissive experience and is also a love story. 










Her One True Prince and Master


by

Dorothy Strangelove


Introduction: After the Bullets and Broken Glass


Where does it all begin?&nbsp; I ask myself this question with my back against the wall as I look around for a clock but there's no clock in this room.&nbsp; Blood is drying on my white shirt,&nbsp; I see it on my sleeve, on the back of my hand,&nbsp; I can feel it drying on my cheek as well. 
I don't want to wash it off.&nbsp; I don't want to leave this room,&nbsp; or do anything until I know...
I look down at my black mini skirt, only a short while ago he ran his hand up my leg and I got that warmth flooding over me that only a lover's touch could bring and now I was here, in this room, the silence and the locked door reminding me that this day coming had always been a possibility and now it was here, it was real, it was something he had told me could happen one day, but I had never taken it in, because I didn't want to, I could not take it in that one day his past would catch up with him.
But it did.
It seemed so unreal. We were sitting in that restraunt at a table in the corner and we were talking over dinner like any other couple in love.&nbsp; It was so normal, with nothing to even hint at what was to come. When the waiter told him there was a phone call he told me wouldn't be a minute, thought it was work - they always knew where to find him.&nbsp; 
Until it happened, I suppose I was in the same dream world I had always been in, the one that said the same words over and over in my head each time I thought about it - the night we met, the first time we kissed and I held him, countless times I had been entwined in his arms, even yesterday when I woke beside him, right up to this day, when I had exchanged a glance with him and told myself those same four words that went over and over in my head like a mantra:&nbsp; it will never happen. 
And then, today, as he left the table, I had reached out for my wine glass, lifted it from the table and two sounds, close together, bang-bang had come from far off.&nbsp; It sounded far off because there was a wall between the entrance and the restraunt. It didn't sound like gun fire from the movies. Just a jarring bang-bang, and with it a realisation that tore into me as if I might as well have taken those bullets myself.
I don't know where the glass fell. I just know I was holding it and then I didn't have it any more. I got up pushing the table forward and I kow the chair went back with a clatter. I don't recall walking to the entrance. I remember pushing the heavy, glass panelled door and with the effort of doing so all the breath seemed to leave me and I couldn't breathe in. 
He was lying across the carpet. Blood was staining his shirt. It was running underneath him as well, staining the carpet and still coming out of him. There was a shattered mirror behind him, the glass cracked and broken like a spider web meeting in the focus point of a bullet hole. It was a floor to ceiling mirror and as I sank to my knees and cradled him in my arms it didn't even register that I was kneeling in broken glass...blood and broken glass had been present on the night we met but at this time, I didn't think of that, the coincidence dawned on me later.

And now I was here, locked up in a room with no clock and being told nothing.
Finally the door opened again.&nbsp; A woman came in, late thirties, older than me, with dark green eyes and long, glossy dark hair.&nbsp; She didn't look as self assured as last time I'd seen her and I noticed there was a cloud of emotion in her eyes - something which I would not have expected from her, which made me even more afraid for him.
She sat down and looked across the table at me.
"Eve,"She said, "I need you to tell me everything you can remember about today -"
"I know who you are. Your name's Celeste."
She blinked, surprise registering in her eyes.
"How do you know that?"
And I thought, she wasn't all that bad, not quite the dragon he had described to me. There was a softness in her eyes and as the light shone down on her face I noticed although she had cleaned herself up there were definite marks of smudged make up - she had been crying.
"He told me you're his boss."
"What else did he tell you?"
"I know he's a spy."
Celeste stared at me for a moment.
"He told you he's a spy? "
I nodded.
"We have been having a relationship for almost a year. And no, there was nothing out of the ordinary about today - or any other day. He always met me when it was safe.."
The pain was building up in me again and I gave a sob.
"Please," I begged her, "Just tell me if he's alive."
Again I saw emotion in her eyes. She looked away for a moment, then drew in a deep breath.
"Eve, I'm so sorry, but I'm not allowed to say anything. You know about the nature of his work - or at least you have some idea, so you know I can't tell you any details. And don't talk to anyone else about it, ok? I'm sorry this has happened, I'm truly sorry for you, Eve - but there's nothing I can do."
"Please, just let me know if he's still alive."
I realised this was a moment when she really hated her job. She blinked away tears and forced herself to hold back her own emotion.
"We have some eye witness accounts of the shooting, Eve. Your boyfriend was employed in very dangerous, very secret work and because of his role within this organisation it's made him enemies, very bad enemies. The shooting today was a reprisal attack. The man who shot him was sent to kill him, he was a professional hitman. From the way we've pieced it together, he realised what was happening and struggled with the gunman - that's why he was shot at close range. You saw what that bullet did to him, you was there. I shouldn't even be telling you that, and I'm sorry I can't tell you any more."
She let me go after that, gave me a shower and a change of clothes and arranged for a car to take me home.
As she walked me out of the building to my ride home, she paused to ask me something.
"Did he ever say anything about me?"
I saw no point in lying. I was deep in sorrow and she was talking about him as if he was gone, at least, that was the way I took it. And even though he had often exchanged words with her and they had'nt seen eye to eye I guessed she deserved some honesty.
"He said you could be a right snappy cow, but I don't think he meant it."
Celeste's eyes filled with tears.
"Yes, he did mean it."She said, and although she managed a smile her voice was choked up.

When I got home I didn't fall apart until I was behind my own locked front door.
I sat on the stairs and cried, then went up to the bedroom where the sheets still smelled of my lover's skin.
My lover and my master. The only man who had ever truly loved me and the only man who I had ever known who could dominate me with a touch or a few firm but gentle words.
Beside the bed was a slender leather collar with the word SUBMISSIVE written on it in silver lettering.&nbsp; In the drawers beside the bed are a collection of toys. Far more than I owned before, and each one with memories all of their own.&nbsp; He had known how to push me right to the limit of my endurance and still that little bit further. He had been the only man who had known when I was ready, who had whispered, "You can come now," and I'd come like he had pushed a button and the orgasm would leave me weak and trembling, then afterwards, I was warm and tingling and finally when he drew me into his arms and told me he loved me, I knew I was truly loved. And I couldn't take the thought that he was gone. 
Again, I asked myself, How did it all this begin?
The answer was, a long time ago.&nbsp; I'd fallen in love with him on the night we met.&nbsp; And it would be almost two decades until we met again.



Part One: Way Back Then


Back when I was nearly eighteen, we didn't have mobile phones or digital cameras or the world wide web. But we never got bored.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I'd just finished college and I still hung around with the same crew I'd gone to school with. We went to the park and got drunk. We played a game where there was six of us and at least four bottles of strong wine and we'd all drink as much as we could then take turns to spin on the roundabout in the locked park to see who lasted longest without throwing up. Sometimes I won, sometimes I lost. We dared each other to run through the graveyard in the pitch dark and enjoyed&nbsp; freaking each other out. We smoked dope when we could get it. We threw house parties. Not just parties, house parties. Banging music, techno and dance. When we wasn't running around together I used to get in pubs easily even though I was just a bit too young. At weekends I used to go to london and hit the clubs. It wasn't about sex. I had my thoughts about sex but back then it wasn't something I'd really descovered. I knew how to give a hand job. Well, sort of. I wasn't interested in sex yet. It was all about getting out of my head and getting lost in a blur of laser beams and dry ice and flashing lights. I fell in love with alcohol. Even when it made me throw up on the dancefloor and over expensive furniture and over my friends. Everyone was doing something, E, poppers, speed, it was part of the night. For me nothing did it like booze. I totally loved booze. Then one night some prick put pure LSD in my drink - spiked me - and it took me three days to get myself back together. That was when I decided I'd had enough of the club scene. Not that it mattered, I didn't need the clubs. Me and my friends had all we needed in our home town - parties, booze, and even though we didn't have the digital age it didn't matter - we had Acid House.

Back to sex. 
I gave my first blow job after a disco on the way home. In the cold, in the bushes, because I was drunk and no, I didn't swallow.&nbsp; I didn't even like the boy all that much, but as I said, I was drunk and all my friends were doing it - having sex - and I wasn't, so I thought I'd better catch up before they thought I was weird. And that was all up to that point. 
It was because I was yet to meet a man who would actually light the fire inside me. Until now, all thoughts of desire had merely been smouldering embers that needed firing up. I knew how to have an orgasm, but I didn't know about using fantasy with orgasm to make it amazing. 
I did, however, know how to make myself look sexy. Which is a bit ironic considering I was quite a pretty girl, yet I didn't know what to do with myself. 

One night my friend Alice phoned me up and asked me if I wanted to go to a local pub with her, it was quite near my house and although I'd been planning a quiet night for once I decided when booze was concerned, I was better off saying yes because then I had more chance of getting nicely drunk. Nicely drunk meaning I wouldn't throw up, just get a bit drunk. Enough to go home, lay on my bed and watch the ceiling as my bed span round - or was that the room spinning round? Either way, it was a pretty cool sensation and one I'd easily get after seven or eight martinis.
So tonight, I decided to look sexy. I had no plans on using that sexiness, it was just something girls did when they had a night out. 
In my bedroom I had a white dressing table and a huge, oval mirror. The dressing table was littered with make up and hairspray and perfume and right next to a big, tall window so I had plenty of natural light to put on my make up. In those days it took me something like an hour to get ready. I don't know why - I don't know how it could have taken me that long. (These days I can do full make up and everything I need to do in under twenty minutes, no matter what look I want to achieve). I'd had a long, hot bath before I got dressed and my skin felt silky and the warm spring air that filtered into my bedroom seemed to sigh off it ike tiny breeze-kisses. 
I stepped back and looked at myself in the mirror: my hair was warm brown and in a layered, shoulder-length bob. My skin was clear, I needed little foundation back in those days and I'd put on mascara and red lipstick. I looked nice, I couldn't deny that. I had a short black skirt on and a silky, cream coloured top that was off the shoulder and edged with lace. I put on my black high heel shoes and then layered on my gold: rings, three necklaces, a bracelet and my hoop ear rings. Then I picked up my bag and left the house.

I met Alice outside the pub, she had just got off the bus. I don't recall what we talked about for the next ten minutes but I do know she said "You look really nice!". We walked into the pub. It was getting dark outside and there was a bit of a chill in the air but inside the crowded pub it was bright and warm and smelled of booze and ciggarettes and I headed straight for the bar.
Alice said she'd get the first round. She knew my drink by now, martini and lemonade with ice. 
She turned towards the bar to order.&nbsp; I turned my head and looked around.
That was the moment I saw him.
I looked at him, he looked at me and for that moment, for a split second, everything around me disappeared and my heart stopped in my chest. I couldn't see anything but him, and although I know now that only I was aware of how I felt, to me at the time, I'd just been hit by love, quite unexpectedly with the speed of an express train and nobody seemed aware of it.&nbsp; 
As he looked away the spell was broken, I was still looking in his direction and then I came back to earth. Someone was shaking my arm.
"Eve."
I turned back to Alice. Oh, yes. I was in the pub. And my drink was in front of me.
Alice glanced over my shoulder then looked back at me with a smile on her face.
"Do you fancy that bloke?"
I smiled and nodded. Fancy was putting it a bit lightly. I was crazy about him and I hadn't even spoken to him yet.
"Go and talk to him."
I hesitated. I'd never felt such an attraction to someone before and I swallowed down most of my drink before I replied.
I put the glass on the bar.
"Not yet. I really like him. And he's older than me. I might not be good enough for him."
"Of course you are! Go on, talk to him!"
"When I've had two more of these,"I said, and I finished my drink and ordered a second round.
Those martinis went down all too quick (bit like me on him, if I had anything to do with it!), and I was in the difficult position of being overwhelmed with all these sexual feelings and this pounding in my heart and the frustrating feeling that I simply didn't know what to do about it, knowing nothing other than the fact that I was gravitating like a moth to a flame and if I got burned I didn't care - this was no crush. I had never known a feeling like it in my life. It can be frustrating having no experience in a situation like that. I'd finished my third drink, ordered a fourth then I picked up my glass, and taking my courage with me, I walked across the room to a corner near the door where the most gorgeous man I'd ever seen in my life was standing.
As I approached him he looked at me and I smiled. He had beautiful blue eyes. Actually, everything was beautiful about him. He was handsome, somewhere in his thirties, taller than me, with a shaved head that only accentuated his good looks and a slim, athletic body to die for that I longed to run my hands over.&nbsp; He was wearing a white shirt and black jeans and as I said hello he leaned a little closer and the scent of his skin drove me wild.
"I'm Eve." I said, thinking, do I sound stupid or was that a good introduction? I didn't know, I was hoping to keep his attention.
"Hello."He said, and as I looked into his eyes my heart missed a beat again.
"I haven't seen you in here before."
He had glanced away, eyes scanning the crowd for something or someone, I didn't know which but I just wanted him to look at me.
He looked back at me.
"I haven't been in here before - I'm waiting for someone. I can't really talk right now, but maybe we can chat later.."
And he smiled at me.
I nodded.
Then I went back to the bar and found Alice.
"He's waiting for someone. But he said we can chat later."
"Sounds good to me,"She said, and we left the bar to go and find a table.

Two hours later and several&nbsp; more drinks later she told me she needed to go and wait for the bus. She didn't want to wait till eleven when all the drunks were spilling out of the many bars that dotted the high street.
"Wait with me."I asked her.
She shook her head.
"Sorry, babe, I got to go now. I said I'd be in before ten. You'll be alright, go and find that bloke you fancy."
I didn't really care at that point. I had a drink in front of me, I was still hoping my handsome man would come back and I was halfway to pissed. I was at the stage where I was happily drunk and the room was not spinning and there was no way I would be throwing up tonight. I sat there and waited for him to come and find me, not bothered that I was now sitting alone.
I drank my drink faster because I had no one else to talk to. I sat there for another ten minutes and then got up and made my way to the bar to get another drink and hopefully catch another glimpse of the man of my dreams.
He wasn't by the door. The place was crowded more than ever and I could hardy move. I pushed my way around the other end of the bar and looked around. I was a little more drunk than I thought I was. I felt a bit wobbly as I turned around.
I didn't see anything. There was no indication of any signs of trouble anywhere. But suddenly, seeming to come from somewhere behind me (and pretty close to me), I heard a loud noise, a single sound that reminded me of a car exhaust backfiring, only it was louder, and suddenly people were pushing and shoving and panicking.
There were tiny pieces of broken glass littering the floor, it crunched under my shoes as I took a step forward and as I realised my hand was aching I looked down and saw a tiny sliver of glass stuck in the back of my hand.&nbsp; My eyes scanned the room following the trail of glass. On the floor was a man, a total stranger I'd never seen before in my life. He was lying on his side and the rest of the broken glass was still held in his hand.
I just stood there. I heard someone say there had been a shooting. And I still stood there, taking it in, with my hand bleeding and not knowing what to do. It was scary. I didn't think this kind of thing happened in my town.
Then someone took me gently by the arm.
"Come with me,"He said, "You need to get away from here."
I looked around and there he was again, my handsome stranger.
He put his arm around me and led me out of the pub, straight into the car park and unlocked his car.
"Get in."He said.
I was glad he wanted to get away from there. As we headed up the road police cars were heading the other way, towards the pub.
He just drove straight past them.
"Should we have left like that?"I asked him.
"Definitely."He replied, "I didn't see anything, you didn't see anything, so whats the point in waiting to give a statement, plus you're bleeding."
I glanced down at my hand. The glass was still there. I reached over and carefully took the jagged edge between my thumb and forefinger and began to draw it out.
"No! Don't do that - "
I was too drunk to listen. Besides, it was hurting me now and I wanted it out. I lifted it up. There was a pop as the glass came free. And blood started to run down my hand much faster.
"Oh no, help me.." 
I admit I was squealing like a baby. 
He turned the car down a side road and parked, then took hold of my hand and placed a tissue over it. He took my other hand and told me to keep it over the wound.
Then he pulled a small bag from the back seat and took out what looked like a first aid kit.
He started to clean up my hand.
"It's not bad,"He told me, "You haven't done any major damage, that will be ok in a couple of days. Keep it covered."
And he pressed a plaster over the cut.
"Thanks."I said, still entranced by him and drunk enough for the horror of the shooting to vanish from my mind.
"Where did your friend go?" He asked me.
"Home. She left ages ago, at least half an hour ago. She got the bus and went home."
"Ok, fine. I'm taking you for a drink. Not around here. Further up the road. I think its best if you pretend you left before the shooting. That way no one's going to bother you with questions."
It made sense. And at the time I could only think, at least he's making a move on me. Knowing that made the whole evening worthwhile despite what had happened.
We drove further up the road, on for several miles until we came to a pub called The Vine. He told me to call my friend and say we were at The Vine, and had left just after she did.
There was a phone box near by and I did call her, he smiled when he heard me say, I've pulled him, Alice..we're at The Vine."
When I hung up he told me to wait while he made a call. 
He was very quick, said something about everything being fine and he was on his way back but he was making a detour and it was nothing to worry about. Then he hung up.
He took me into the pub and sat me down in a corner and went to the bar.
When he came back he gave me something orange in a tall glass.
"Harvey wallbanger?" I guessed.
"Fruit juice."He replied, "I think you've had enough to drink, you don't want a hangover and a sore hand in the morning."
I wasn't about to complain. Besides, he was right.
"What's your name?"I asked him.
"Jonny."He replied, "And before you ask, I work in security - well, sort of. It's a bit of a long story."
I couldn't help myself. I had to touch him. I put my hand on his knee. I let it slide up his leg slowly. I got to the top of his thigh and his hand closed over mine, slid it back down to his knee again.
We talked. I kept trying to caress him but each time he stopped me, he didn't mind me sitting close or putting my hand on his leg, but he was controlling himself. I couldn't help not controlling myself because I wanted him so much. We got on well. He was someone I instantly warmed to, I wanted to get to know him better but after I finished my drink he told me he was driving me home.
"I have to be somewhere."He explained, "Or I'll be in trouble."
He did drive me home. He parked outside my house and we chatted some more. I wanted to put my arms around him and kiss him. I had a burning desire to kiss him till my head swam with the beautiful scent of his skin. 
He checked his watch finally and said, "I really have to go now, Eve."
"Goodnight."I said, and leaned closer.
I lacked skill and experience, but made my move out of sheer determination. My hand slid up his thigh. As our lips touched, we kissed gently. I kissed him harder, my tongue slipping into his mouth, as he started to kiss me back I moved my hand right between his legs. He had a lovely hard on. I wanted to keep my hand pressed against him forever, but he stopped me quickly.
He pulled away from me.
"Eve, I really have to go now."
I was still drunk, but not so drunk that I was about to try for a second move. He said he had to go, he had to be somewhere. I looked into his eyes and in that moment, my mind said words I dared not say aloud, I want you, I want you so much, I want to hold you and kiss you and never stop kissing you. You're my prince. The man I've always dreamed of. And yes, he could have had me any way he wanted me, he could have had sex with me, taken me over and I would have surrendered myself to him. I was (and still am) a believer in safe sex. But he could have ravished me and shot me full of cum and I would have thanked him for it. But he was a gentleman and like he said, he had to go. So I said goodnight,&nbsp; I got out of the car and he drove away.

When I went upstairs that night I took off my clothes and left them in a heap on the floor, slid into bed and closed my eyes, warm and wet with thoughts of him, at the same time my heart ached but it felt so good when I thought of him. I knew it could be a crush. If it was, it was the biggest one I'd ever had. And I was at the kind of age where I was realising sometimes feelings ran deeper than a crush. I knew there was a little piece of my heart that would keep my memory of him forever. That night I put my hand between my legs and stroked myself. While I did it I imagined being in his arms, kissing him, running my hands all over him and covering his body with my kisses. While I did it I got wetter and felt more and more that I wanted to make myself come, but what I felt for him was beautiful so I kept these thoughts playing in my mind while I held onto the longing inside I felt for him. And then I slept till morning.

A few days later I was sitting on the bed round Alice's house. We were in her sister's bedroom and I was wearing her sister's t-shirt because mine had been soaked when washing her mum's car had turned stupid, (my own t-shirt was white with green and pink smileys on it, I never got it back, I still miss it to this day).&nbsp; Her's was black and didn't go too well with my vivid green cycle shorts.
 They were talking about her boyfriend again so I drifted off into my own thoughts. Then I picked up my notepad and started to write. 
"Eve's writing poetry again." Said Alice.
"It's a private one."I said, and carried on. This was not one to share with my friends. It was a verse I was writing for him. It was one of those moments when writing just flowed from me. But not from the usual places; not from anger or moodiness or a love of playing with words, this was different. It came from my heart, flowing from my heart to my mind to my hands, to the pen and out onto the paper. It didn't take me long to write it and as I silently read it back to myself I knew I had captured what I felt perfectly:

If I could find a quiet place, 
Away from the rest of the human race,
I'd sleep awhile by a magical stream, 
And try and find you in my dreams.
Once I'd found you, I'd want to keep
On dreaming and not wake from this sleep,
Until I'd found the perfect place
To be the sunlight that kisses your face.

"Can I see?" Asked Alice's sister. 
I felt my cheeks glowing scarlet. She was likely to tease me over this. I was the loud and crazy one in the group, not considered to be the slightest bit romantic. I folded the paper, folded it again and put it in my bag. Then I changed the subject very quickly.
"Let's drink your dad's vodka and top it up with water." I said.

I walked home very drunk. By the time I got back I was tired and horny as hell, as thoughts and images played through my mind. I was still a teenager, I had all this immense desire building in me and as I thought of him I thought of the most erotic images I'd ever dreamed up: Me, on my knees in front of him. Jonny slowly unbuckling his belt and sliding it off. It was a leather belt. Then he drew me into his arms, kissed me, my hands slid down his shirt and began to undo the buttons.  Looking back, even then my erotic thoughts leaned towards hints at being dominated, but in those days I didn't know a thing about bondage or domination. I was yet to learn of the beautiful pleasure that danced through my senses when I was kneeling before a man I adored and wanted to serve and worship. I didn't know what being submissive meant. I thought it was about being tied up and whipped - not for me at all. But as I said, that was then. I was yet to learn being dominated could mean many other things, that kinky could be anything I wanted it to be. And at that young age, those images were as far as I got.&nbsp; I was upstairs, in the bathroom and sliding the bolt across the door quickly. Then I ran a bath and while the water was running I sat on the edge of the bath and rubbed at the burning ache between my legs. I slid a finger in myself several times, then rubbed my clit. I came very hard and very quickly, and although it didn't ease the ache in my heart, it certainly helped everything else.
Coming over thoughts of him became something I did quite often. I didn't know if I'd ever have the courage to give him the poem but I kept it with me just in case I saw him.
But I didn't see him. 
Almost twenty years would pass before I saw him again.


Part Two: Now



Those passing years had brought a lot to me and some of it had been bad but some of it had been good. I was no longer the teenager who knew nothing about sex - about what pleased me. I'd had a long term relationship that had stopped being a romance quite a few years ago. Add that to the fact that there was also a lot of friction and quarrels (his doing, not mine), I had taken a lover here and there, not many but the choices I'd made had been good ones. At least good for me sexually if not in any other way. The first had been someone in my circle of friends who had really amazed me with what he could do with his hands (until he told me about his secret love of using moisturiser instead of lube. No way could he go up my arse with skin cream on it. That hurt like anything and after that I decided I would never have anal sex. But that was then, I knew little about how much I would learn in the future! Then there was the fantasy man. He really, really opened doors for me that I never wanted to close again. Every scenario I could imagine, if it could be done, he would do it. I asked him to dominate me. He enjoyed telling me what to do and taking me hard, handling me like he was the boss. Then he bought me a solid gold curb chain and told me as long as I wore it I was his property. What I didn't realise was he would be in the habit of grabbing that chain, giving it a twist and yanking me towards him spitefully every time he was pissed off, and he would say: Are you looking at another man / Shut the fuck up, I'm talking/driving, etc.
I ended that one after a few months because I'd had enough. I knew I wanted to have a degree of domination over me by a partner, but the guys I chose were all wrong for me. Then I met the one I'll call Mr. Kinky. On the surface, he was right for me. On the surface he was a very intuitive lover who liked to command me, to push me to the limit and liked to give me pleasure as well as take his own. He was the one who introduced me not only to anal sex, but the kind of anal sex that had me screaming when I had an orgasm. But this was only him on the surface. Underneath, he was a total nutter. Violent, addicted to everything you can think of and very much in his own world. He also barred me from love and affection, which hurt because I loved him. I left when I could take no more, and considering myself badly burned from that affair, stayed quite alone for the next three years. It wasn't like I didn't have offers - I had plenty. But as much as I liked my own brand of satisfaction, I needed it within a relationship. I had never gone for casual sex with anyone. The thought of it did nothing for me. As far as I was concerned, sex for me was all about being aroused, staying aroused to great heights and then having an amazing orgasm. I could only achieve that if I loved the man I was with. And of course, my urge to be the submissive partner came into play as well - I could not worship or obey a man I felt no emotion for.&nbsp; My lovers had been long term, but all of them selfish. And despite the negative aspects of those relationships, I had learned a great deal sexually and I knew what I wanted the next time around: Too many of my lovers had been selfish. They had been men who thought me being the passive lover was a ticket to abusing me and taking their own pleasure and disregarding my needs and wants. In other words, they interpreted 'Dominate Me' as meaning, treat me like shit - which is not a preference of mine. There was even one incident with my second lover where I'd asked him to slap me. I meant on the arse. He had turned round and whacked me in the face with the back of his hand, so hard that I was sent crashing into the wall and my nose was pouring with blood. Like I said, I'd made bad choices - but in that I now knew what I wanted from a lover.&nbsp; A good lover would understand my limits and boundaries. He would be kind and patient and never hurt me in a bad way. He would dominate me and respect me at the same time. He wouldn't be an impatient man, the kind I'd known before who had stopped pleasing me even though I wanted more just because they wanted to shove it up me and cum. He would wait, and make me wait, too, until he decided he was ready. He would understand that for me sex wasn't all about cock and more cock. He would play me slowly and tease and touch me, spread my legs and lick me and use his fingers on me, make me beg for it. And only when he decided I was ready, would he give it to me. He would enjoy telling me what he was going to do to me, but not everything. That would make me wonder what was going to happen. And he wouldn't need to use chains because his word would be law. He would know that the best whip he could use on me would be his own belt because for me, there would be no higher honour when it came to spanking than being slapped with a belt that he had worn. I knew what I wanted, I deserved to have these things. But until I found the right man, I was happy to wait.

But I didn't go without. I had sex toys. I had vibrators of different shapes and sizes, mostly though I used them on my clit. My favourite was a mini vibrator bullet that had a jelly sleeve, I could tease myself for a long time with it, delaying the orgasm so I got maximum pleasure. I had a g-spot vibrator as well, I'd descovered my g-spot finally after many years of wondering if I had one, then one day, I was fingering myself and I found the most incredible place in my body, after that I spent quite a while feeling pleased that I had one - even though it wasn't really that hard to find ( towards the front, just above the pelvic bone, hard pressure on the band of tissue and I was there - it had been there all the long, I didn't need a sat nav to find it but I'd just never touched it properly before!). I also had a big, silver vibrator its main good point was that it was heavy,&nbsp; with hard vibrations that made me cum quick when I slid the tip up and down my clit. I also had a clit pump. When I first descovered the pump, I thought all my dreams had come true - it was'nt powerful enough to suck it hard, but it did suck and tease it and make it ever so sensitive and this was the next best thing to being given oral sex. I also had love balls - heavy, steel balls that were small but felt strange inside me, I didn't use them often because my g-spot was undecided about how to respond to them. I had a mini vibe with a steel ball in the tip that was good for keeping me nicely aroused and I had a hard, long, jewel-studded seven inch multi speed vibrator that had a powerful buzz that went so hard it made my hand go numb while I was using it.&nbsp; But my favourite was the monster in my collection, it was eight inches long and two inches wide with a soft jelly covering, but it looked nasty. It was black and white with hundreds of raised spikes. I knew I would need a lot of lube to take even half of it and until now I'd only teased my clit with it. It was the kind of toy best enjoyed when being used on me by another person. So until someone special came into my life, I used it only as a clit toy. But I wouldn't have to wait much longer to enjoy pleasure with another person for much longer, I'd been without a lover for three years when out of the blue, someone walked back into my life, and not just anyone, someone special. I met Jonny again.

It was a warm spring morning and I had decided to spend part of it round the back of the town centre at a pub/hotel, not because I wanted to drink (me and booze had been over and finished years ago), but because the place had a large beer garden that over looked a lake, the lake was filled with swans and ducks and it was so peaceful and a perfect place to sit on a warm day. Plus the pub had just opened at eleven so the garden would be empty. It was somewhere I liked to go and after the long, grey winter I wanted to make the most of warm, bright days like this. I walked into the empty bar, ordered a drink and then I walked through the bar and into the beer garden.&nbsp; I crossed a small bridge and chose a table that overlooked the lake.&nbsp; I was just sitting there taking in the peace and quiet and then, all of a sudden, someone spoke my name. 
As I looked up it took me a few seconds to realise I wasn't dreaming. It was Johnny, after all these years and although he was older he still looked amazing. He hadn't changed a bit. 
I couldn't speak for a moment, I just stood up and gave him a hug.
"I thought it was you, "He told me, "I took one look at you and I thought, I know that girl."
And he sat down at the table with me.
"Still working in security?"I asked him.
"Yes and no,"He replied, "Still in the same line of work but I got in a bit of trouble recently and I got suspended for a while. Long story."
"I think you said that to me once before. You'll have to tell me all about this long story one day."
And I caught a look in his eyes that got me wondering. There was something mysterious about him, something I hadn't noticed back then, but now, older, I could tell right away: this man has a secret.
And I was right.
"What kind of security work do you do?"
He just came out with it and didn't seem concerned about sharing it with me.
"Basically, I started my career in the army. From there I moved to a specialist elite taskforce and after that I was offered the job I have now. It's pretty high up and very confidential. I'd tell you more, but the less you know the better. It's quite a dangerous job and I'm not allowed to tell anyone the details."
I couldn't help but smile, knowing he lived such a dangerous life only excited me even more.
"It's so good to see you again."I said, and the warmth in my voice hid nothing as our eyes met. He leaned over the table and put his hand over mine.
"I'm glad we've met again."He told me, "And I have to say, I recognised you straight away, you haven't changed much, but now you're older you look stunning."
I felt myself blush. It wasn't often a man made me blush, not these days, no one had the power to do that to me - but he still could.
I suddenly felt seventeen again. I wanted to get up and hug him again. But it was enough to look into his eyes. He was looking at me in a way that told me he knew me, the real me, and I need not hide anything from this man. This was a man who I could be myself with and I knew he would accept me the way that I am and no harm would come of that.
"You look pretty good yourself, Jonny."
He laughed.
"I'm a lot older than the last time we met. That was nearly twenty years ago."
"It makes no difference, I think you look great - you always have."
"I'm staying here at the hotel for a few days,"He told me, "I have to go back to my room and get my phone, I think I may have missed a few calls and I need to ring someone. You can come with me if you want to."
I tried not to openly jump for joy. I got up and followed him, with a big smile on my face. 

When we got inside the hotel room he closed the door and went straight over to the table beside the bed and picked up his phone.
"I definitely have to call someone,"He said, noticing he had four missed calls.
He then said something about it being work and he wouldn't take long, but I was rather distracted by the big, soft double bed I was sitting on. I ran my hand across the cover and envied those sheets because they had caressed his naked body while he slept and that was something I'd dreamed of doing for so long, at least, I assumed he slept naked - he did in my imagination, and I could picture him now, with the moonlight shining on him. I longed to run my hands over him so much that I had to stop picturing it before I envied the moonlight, too, because at some point, it must have shone down on him and seen more than I ever had! 
He put his hand on my shoulder and a bolt of desire shot through me as I looked up at him. He saw the longing in my eyes but didn't know I was helplessly aroused, my cunt was hot and swollen and I was leaking so much juice it had gone right through my knickers and my thighs were slippery. Soon it would leak onto the flimsy material of my short, white dress and it would certainly leave a stain. I'd always worn knickers alone but as I felt more juice run out of me I decided, if Jonny was going to be a lover to me I'd have to break that habit and start wearing panty liners before I ruined all my clothes. 
"I have to call someone."He told me.
I nodded, opening my legs slightly as he turned away and walked to the window and made his call. My cunt was so swollen the lips were apart, my clit swollen up and aching to come. I wanted him to put his fingers inside me, to spread my legs and lick me till all that need exploded within me. 
I was so turned on I was surprised I even heard his conversation even though we were in the same room.
"Yes, "He said, "I got all of your messages. And I'm not obliged to contact you while I'm off work."
Then he listened. Suddenly, things turned heated. 
"No,"He said sharply, "I do not agree with your decision. I was fully aware that you ordered me to wait for back up. And I was fully aware that had I followed that order the hostage would have been dead in a matter of minutes! Thanks to my actions one of our people are still alive. And because I went in, to quote your phrase, 'like something out of the wild west', I ended that situation. It wasn't easy and I got my arse kicked in the process but I don't need you to kick my arse as well. Don't you even try it! I've had enough experience with these things to know when there's no time to wait. I won't apologise to you for doing something I've learned to trust in all my years in the service - listening to my own instinct.  I'm going now, I have a lot to think about - like if I want to spend the rest of my career laying my life on the line for people who don't appreciate what it's like in the field."
With that he cut the call off and switched off the phone.
To my surprise he spoke more openly with me now.
"That was my boss."He said, still sounding stressed, "She hasn't been in the job long and she doesn't understand what it's like. I had a choice between attempting to end a hostage situation or wait for back up. I went in when I was told to stand down and it got rough but I contained the situation. I've still got bruises from disarming one of the gunmen. And all she wants to do is give me a lecture about not listening to her. And she's suspended me for three months with no pay.&nbsp; She's a snappy cow who likes to think she's right all the time and this time she was very wrong.&nbsp;&nbsp; If I'd followed her orders that day one of our men would have been dead. But she won't accept that."
I was surprised by his honesty about the situation after saying that secrecy was important, but at the same time I could still feel desire building up in me, and it only made the love I'd felt for him so long ago grow even more, he was a true hero and my admiration for him had just increased. 
He sat down on the bed and gave a sigh. Then he lightened up.
"Sorry about that, my job's stressful at the best of times, I just don't need attitudes like that from my own side."
"You got hurt?"
He shrugged it off.
"There was a bit of a fight, I got a few bruises, a couple of cracked ribs, nothing major."
As he spoke he touched his right side and I instinctively reached out and touched him gently.
"Show me."
He smiled.
"I think you want to do a bit more than that, don't you?"
I felt my cheeks burning again. I nodded.
Thankfully, being so much older as much as I struggled to take a chance in situations like this, the situation couldn't be more in my favour, we were alone together, in his room, on his bed and what he just said had sounded inviting.
"I've always wanted you. Even when you wasn't there, I thought about you sometimes. I've ached for you, I still do."
That was the most honest, open statement I had ever made in my life and I'd made it freely and without fear of rejection. It surprised me how easily I'd been able to say that.
"I never forgot you either."He told me, and drew me into his arms. As our lips touched my head swam and I trembled with desire, I was sliding his hand up my thighs, brushing his fingers against my wet knickers as he kissed me deeply.
He stroked me down there, slowly, as if soothing the ache that I felt. Then he pulled back a little. 
"I'll show you my bruises." And he began to unbutton his shirt.
"No, let me." I said, feeling a rush of excitement - I'd always dreamed of undressing him, and now I was really doing it!
I opened the buttons slowly, all the way down, then pushed his shirt open and started gently kissing his shoulders, his neck, moving downwards. He took off his shirt and laid back on the bed, then I noticed his bruises. A second ago I had been too lost in the moment to notice anything other than the feel and scent of his skin and the way my hands swept over the contours of his body. Now I could see deep bruising over his ribs and a second injury on his shoulder.
That was when it hit me that his dangerous career wasn't so sexy after all. He was in very real danger.
"It's nothing, "He told me, "Don't think about how I got it. I've known people who have been killed on missions. This is nothing."
Then he laughed softly.
"Actually, I am playing it down a bit - my ribs hurt. I need a painkiller, I have to take one or I won't be able to take you to bed."
Take me to bed. Take me. That sounded very commanding. Very dominant. He took his painkiller and settled down again, with his arm around me.&nbsp; As he looked into my eyes I didn't have to think about it. Now was the right time to tell him more.
"I'd like you to take me to bed. Take control, I want you to. I like to be dominated."
"How, exactly?"
"Gently but firmly. Let me know you're the boss. Play with me. Make me wait for it. But not all the time. Just when you want to."
"And other times you want it like this, all nice and romantic?"
I nodded. 
"I like being spanked. With your hand or your belt. And I like sex toys. You can bring that into it if you want to."
"And if I didn't want to?
As much as I longed to be dominated, I knew the answer in a heartbeat.
"I can live without it. Loving you would be enough."
He held me closer, kissed me gently and slid down the zip on the back of my dress. I tossed it on the floor. Beneath it I was wearing a lace thong and no bra.
As his eyes roamed over my body I felt the thong soaking through again with more of my juice. 
"You've got lovely tits." He said, and ran his hands over my breasts before slowly and firmly sucking on one and then the other.
My hand moved down to my cunt as I tried to rub away the ache I felt. He took my hand away from it.
"Not yet."He said, "I'm going to make you cum, when I'm good and ready."
And to reinforce that, he held both my hands firmly while he sucked on my nipples. With every touch and kiss the thrill that tingled through my skin seemed to send more blood rushing to my clit, I was throbbing and juice was running out of me like never before. I needed to have release, but he had said no and was enjoying caressing me, watching me becoming more and more aroused and knowing he was already in charge was giving me a massive sexual buzz, a sex high, the best buzz in the world.
"Tell me what you like."He whispered in my ear.
"I like being licked and fingered."
"How many fingers?"
"Two, three, more if you want to."
He was still holding me, making no attempt to let things go any further.
"I might have to ask you to use one of your toys. I'd like to see you playing with yourself. But you can't fuck yourself with a piece of plastic all the time, can you?"
"No, I need your cock." I said breathlessly, aching and desperate for him to make me cum.
"Do I need to tie you up or is my word enough?"
"Your word is enough. I want to obey you. I want to suck your cock."
"I like my cock sucked. I'd like you on your knees, taking it in your mouth, right down your throat."
"That would make me very happy, Master."
"You don't have to call me Master."
He ran his fingers through my hair and kissed me gently.
"Call me Sir."He said, "I'd like that."
And we kissed again.
And I thought, this is the conversation I should have had with other lovers but they had never asked. Jonny cared enough to want to know what I longed for, to find out what my idea of domination was. He was also balanced and knew that the master/slave relationship wouldn't echo into other areas of things - he was willing to love me equally and I knew there would be none of the abuse of the past that I had suffered with others, at last I had found not only the man of my dreams but the man who would indulge my desires in the way I'd always wanted.
He placed my hand between his legs. I could feel through his clothes that his cock was hard.
"Is that what you want?"
"Yes, Sir, please, I need it."
He smiled.
"Wait. I'm not ready yet. I'm going to lick you out first. I want to eat it. And you will feel like it's been eaten by the time I've finished."
And then he was down on me, he was licking me gently, then harder, with every touch it seemed like every nerve in my body was alive, he sucked my clit then licked me again, knowing by the way I was gasping and my open legs were shaking that I was'nt going to last much longer. He slid two fingers inside me, started fucking me with them while he carried on licking.
And I couldn't take any more. I cried out as the orgasm rushed through my body, washing over me so hard and so fast I felt my body go weak and I couldn't move for a few moments.
Then Jonny was kissing me, looking into my eyes.
"Those pain killers are working."He told me, "And now you're going to get it."
He unbuckled his belt. I loved that sound. To me it meant so many things, that I was going to be fucked, that I was going to open my legs and submit to my lover's cock, that every thrust would shake my body while he took his pleasure.&nbsp; Or that he would take that belt in his hand and order me to turn over and take slap after slap until my arse was red.&nbsp; Either way, it meant power. He had power over me as I lay there, my legs open and cum juice wet all over my red, well-licked gash.
He took his clothes off and left the belt on his jeans. I wasn't going get a spanking just yet. But that didn't matter. He slid his cock in me firmly, hard enough to make me gasp. I held onto him as he thrust harder into my body, every movement made me wetter and took him deeper, and as he looked into my eyes I realised he wasn't just fucking me, he was making love. He kissed me deeply and drew me tighter into his arms, and trembled as he held himself on the edge, pulling his cock out at the last minute and covering my shaved cunt in hot, warm cream. 
Then he rolled over and lay beside me getting his breath back.
I looked down at my body - my nipples were still large and pink from all the sucking, lower down his cum was covering my skin just above my swollen cunt that looked and felt very licked and fucked and satisfied.
He wrapped his arms around me and as he held me I felt content. This was the man I had dreamed of so long ago and now he was here, in my arms and I knew that despite all that had happened in my life over the passing years, I had managed to keep a piece of my heart just for him, with his name written on and now he could have all of my heart if he wanted it - I loved him.
"What makes you submissive?"He asked me as we lay together.
I didn't resent that question, I welcomed it. Every single person has a unique and personal reason for having their sexual preferences and some don't even know why. But for me I'd worked it out a long time ago. Some people liked to assume their kinks came from elements of their upbringing or early experiences. Maybe for some, that was true. 
But not for me:
My childhood hadn't been the best. I'd been bullied and pushed around and had pressure on me to do well - not just well, but better than everyone else. In the end I rejected it all, it wasn't about that.&nbsp; I'd never really been loved or protected in the way that other kids seemed to be - it wasn't about that, either. 
I'd long ago learned to shut out the spitefulness of a bad parents words (or later, bad partners),&nbsp; by developing a trick I could do with my mind, I learned it at an early age and it worked for many years: I had this Off Switch. When I wanted to, I pictured it flicking to Off. And that was it, shutdown.&nbsp; No insecurity, no emotional pain, no nothing: Off.&nbsp; It didn't work forever and one day I found I couldn't turn it off any more and it took me years to find it again and ever since it had never worked properly again, but I was older and I let myself feel now. Not too much in case I got hurt. But that was down to bad choices - I shouldn't have picked bastards. But in all of my relationship history, I had at least waited for partners who I could feel a hundred per cent sure about. I had to like them, desire them totally to want their cum in my mouth, or anywhere else they wanted to put it - I had to be with a man who would be the only man in the room I could see and need and want when we were in a crowd. They had to have a special indefinable something that told me I deserved this man, that he was the one I wanted. But too many times I chose by lust. That was why I'd had bad partners. I hadn't talked enough, I hadn't looked beneath the surface - my fault for thinking with my cunt and not my head.
But at the end of the day, it all came down to one thing, and it was nothing really spectacular: I was selective. I knew sex was better within a relationship, so I waited. I waited till someone came along who could make my sparks fly. Someone who would think like me, enjoy sex like me. And when I found someone who met all my requirements, that made them very special indeed. No wonder I wanted to look up to my prince and master and worship the ground he walked on. And I knew with Jonny I wouldn't have to hold back with my feelings. He would not hurt me. I could see that truth in his eyes and it was something I had missed from my life for a long time. I explained as simply as I could:
"It's about wanting to worship the man who makes me cum and keeps me turned on like no one else on earth - and about me liking being the submissive woman. That's all, really."I said to Jonny, "I like being dominated as much as most women enjoy being on their backs and fucked hard by their boyfriends - it's about taking joy in being the receiver." 
"I think you may have to receive some more from me tomorrow."he told me, "And this time, you will be calling me Master. I'm going to dominate you properly."
A thrill ran through me as I heard the tone in his voice. But as I looked into his eyes I saw a gentle playfulness, I saw affection and love, no trace of the malice other men had subjected me to.
"I'm going to love that."
He kissed me again, held me in his arms and we talked some more.
He told me what he wanted me to do. He asked me what I would like him to do.&nbsp; We kissed, we laughed, we discussed things openly and without holding back. It was the best conversation I'd ever shared with a lover - because he was the best lover to have the discussion with. By the time I'd dressed again and kissed him goodbye, I was already looking forward to our next meeting.
I had his number, I had instructions, and he had my instructions, too.
Tomorrow I'd have the time of my life. He knew exactly how to turn me on.

The next day I was up early, when I first opened my eyes I was still floating between sleeping and waking for a moment or two and in that time, a thousand pictures slid through my mind of everything that had happened the day before and a big, warm glow radiated through me and the love I felt made me even warmer: After all these years, I was seeing Jonny. And today, I was seeing him again. Today was a special day. He was going to do something to me today. He hadn't told me all the details, just a few. Enough to tease me and excite me, too little to give me the full picture. Itw as just enough to thrill me, with the added pleasure of not being sure what he would do to me once I was back in that room and the door was locked behind us..

I had instructions to follow. They started here, at home. 
I giggled as I got all my toys out and arranged them neatly on the table. Big vibrators, little vibrators, clit toys. Everything was on here and it was quite a nice little display. I took a picture with my camera phone and sent it to him.
Ten minutes later a message came back :

 BRING THE BIG SPIKEY ONE &amp; THE CLIT PUMP - U THINK U KNOW HOW 2 USE THOSE TOYS, U DON'T. U WILL KNOW ONCE I'VE USED THEM ON U X

I sent a message back:

 I WANT U 2 DO THAT 2 ME XX 

After I put the toys away, leaving out the pump and the big, black and white vibrator, I turned my attention to my wardrobe : He told me, dress sexy. Something nice and short. It didn't have to be too spectacular because I wouldn't be wearing it for long, but it had to allow for easy access up my skirt. I didn't have to bother with knickers, he had said, there would be no point in me wearing any.&nbsp; But I was to wear a bra that pushed up my big tits, and a tight top that made the most of my cleavage. I chose a tight red top and a bra that gave me plenty of lift, that was also red, slightly padded and when worn with this top made my tits look higher and even bigger than they really were. Then I got out a black lycra mini skirt that clung to my hips and thighs. I added a medium length jacket to my outfit and laid it out on the bed. I concluded this would look fine. He had said, Be as sexy as you can, but don't look like a tart.  He wanted to be able to look at as much as I could show without other people seeing too much. 
My phone bleeped again. I had another message from him. I read it:

CUM UP 2 MY ROOM @ HALF 12, I'LL B WAITING 4 U, I'll B UR BAD BOY ALL IN BLACK &amp; IF UR GOOD THE BELTS COMING OFF! !

I was getting wet already. I wanted to cum right now, but I wasn't going to bother having one on my own when I could have a far better orgasm with Jonny, so I waited.&nbsp; I replied:

YES PLEASE SMACK IT UR THE BOSS X&nbsp; I'LL B ON MY KNEES 2 U SOON &amp; U WILL LUV THE WAY I SUCK IT 4 U X

He replied:

U WILL TAKE IT ALL DOWN 4 ME. C U SOON XXX

The rest of the morning went slowly. I was wet and aching. I was ready to leave just after twelve and by the time I'd walked out the door I had wiped the juice from my cunt for a second time, still not wanting to stain my clothes, although I knew wearing black it was less likely to notice - all the same, I was so warm and aroused and damp that as I walked I was aware I could catch a whiff of the scent of my own juice - I smelled like sex! My clit was still throbbing, mostly from arousal and partly from my licking yesterday, every time I recalled that my clit ached even more, longing for more. I stopped in at the chemist and bought some lube - I couldn't use sex toys without it , even with all the juice I was capable of making. And of course, I was still scared at the thought of taking that monster vibrator, but scared in a good way - Jonny was dominating me, so I had no worries about getting hurt. At least, I was assuming he would know when to stop. Of course he knew, didn't he? The tiny element of uncertainty only added to my thrill. 
By the time I got to the hotel, my legs were starting to feel like jelly - I was very, very excited. 
But as I walked in through the entrance, he was standing there waiting for me. 
I hadn't expected that. He knew it and smiled.
"I thought we might go for a drink first."
He hugged me.
"You look beautiful."
His hand slipped between my legs, up my skirt and brushed my wet cunt.
"That feels lovely."
It was a quick, discreet movement but as he touched me all my desire came spilling out and I gasped, he caught me as my legs wobbled.
"You're really turned on today!"He said, "I'll have to sort you out properly, won't I?"
Then he took my hand and led me in the bar, saying: "Let's have a drink..and try not to stain the seat with your cum!"

I felt a little self conscious as I walked through the bar, it was quite busy that day and I knew I was leaving a scent of pussy in my wake.&nbsp; I sat down at the table and waited for him, as I looked at him standing at the bar I was ready to beg him to drag me upstairs right there and then. He had asked me how he could dress for me to turn me on. I'd said, wear black. There was something very sexual about a man dressed all in black, plus I thought it suited him. I loved the way his black jeans hugged his hips and the fact that he had left his black shirt open on the first three buttons, I wanted to undress him, run my hands over him. That leather belt he was wearing would soon be making friends with the cheeks of my arse and I welcomed it. And best of all he was wearing black leather shoes, I was longing to be told to kiss them, or even better, to clean them!&nbsp; I wanted to be down on my knees now, this minute. He looked amazing, I wanted to worship him. He knew this but made me wait, he brought the drinks back and sat down, noticed I was looking a bit flushed and said quietly:
"Have you brought the toys with you?"
I nodded and passed him my bag under the table. He unzipped it and looked inside. 
Then he took hold of the large vibrator and began to discreetly draw it out of the bag, just enough to look at it with out anyone else seeing. He was laughing and so was I. 
"Don't do that in here!" I said
"I'm only looking."He replied, "I wanted to see how big it really was. I think you can take this..is it a quiet one?"
And he gave the base a twist.
A loud Bzzzzzzzzz filled the air and my face went bright red. He was able to control his laughter but I was giggling helplessly as half a dozen people near us turned around to see where the noise was coming from. 
He zipped the bag up and gave it back to me.
"I think I'll leave that till later!"He told me.
Then he leaned closer and kissed me.
"After we finish these drinks I want you to leave the bar with me, and I'll take you back to my room. I'll be a bit more like a master when we are alone. I'll show you another side of me. I think you'll like it."
A thrill shot through me. 
"I know I will."I replied.

I didn't have to wait long. When he was ready to go, he took me by the hand and said, "You're coming with me."
He led me through the bar, out the entrance and up to his room. Once he locked the door he took me firmly by the wrist and&nbsp; twisted my arm behind my back. It wasn't a sharp or painful movement, but it trapped me and I wasn't expecting it.&nbsp; He had placed a chair in the middle of the room and he led me over to it.&nbsp; Then he took hold of the waistband of my skirt and dragged it downwards, ripping my skirt to the floor. Then he did the same with my top, ripping the seam as he pulled it from my body until I was left wearing only my bra.&nbsp; Then he sat me in the chair, and to my surprise, held my arms behind my back and snapped cuffs on me.
"What are you doing?"I demanded.
As he looked at me, I saw a change in him, he was very calm and controlled, his eyes were like ice and there was no trace of the warm and funny guy who had toyed with the vibrator in the bar.
"I'm showing you who's boss."He told me, "You want to see another side of me - well I'm showing you. I'm going to show you how I'd treat you if I was interrogating you. I know how to do these things, believe me. And I won't stop till you give me the answer I need."
I hadn't been expecting this. I had to trust him (because I had been so sure about him, and now I had no choice), but I couldn't help but wonder, was I really safe? Had the pressure of his top secret work sent him a bit crazy? 
"What's the question?"
"I'm not telling you yet, you'll only lie to me."He replied, and took a pair of sharp scissors from the dresser nearby.
He could hear the fear in my voice as he came closer, but ignored me, telling me to keep still unless I wanted to get hurt.
Jonny cut through the straps of my bra, then cut again between the cups and pulled it away from my body.
That had been an expensive bra, but I wasn't about to protest while he was in this mode.
He put the scissors back on the dresser and&nbsp; ran his hands over my tits. I was so helplessly aroused that even though he was unnerving me, I still couldn't stop my nipples growing even harder beneath his touch. Then he put his hands on my thighs and spread my legs apart, as wide as they would go. He got down on his knees and licked me gently, as the juice started flowing out of me he did it much harder, very hard and I struggled against&nbsp; the cuffs as I tried desperately to press my cunt harder against him. He knew I would have cum if he carried on much longer, so he stopped. He stopped and I ached for more.
"I'm not making you come."He told me, and dragged me to my feet and led me over to the wall. He unlocked the cuffs but I was far from free.
"Turn and face the wall."He told me, "And put your hands against the wall where I can see them and don't move or I'll cuff you again, understand?"
I nodded and stood facing the wall, not knowing what would happen next.
Then I heard a sound that made me go weak at the knees. He was unbuckling his belt. He slid it off and folded it over in his hand.
"Keep still and don't shout or cry or beg me to stop. Because I won't stop till I'm ready."He told me, and brought the belt down on my arse with a sharp crack. The blow was hard but not brutal, enough to sting, it made my flesh wobble and as the pain registered and I waited for the next blow my cunt ached to feel him inside me and my clit was swelling and begging for release.&nbsp; He smacked me again and again, not hard enough to hurt me, just enough to leave me with the reminder of this everytime I sat down for the next couple of days. He was very controlled with that belt, very careful not to go too far. He slapped me a few more times, gave me one final slap that was somewhat harder than the rest and then ordered me over to the bed. I thought he was going to let me lie down, open my legs and lick me again and make me come like he had the day before - I was wrong. He turned me sideways so I could see my red arse in the mirror.
"Better?" He demanded.
I nodded.
"Thank you."
"Thank you, what?"
"Thank you, Master."
"Now sit on the bed and open your legs."
I hesitated, not sure what was coming next.
"Sit on the bed and open your legs, please. Or I will have to tie you up."
I froze. He knew I didn't like that.
"Do I have to tie you up?"
"No, Master."
I got on the bed, spread my legs.
"Lay down on your back."
I laid back, tensing as he picked up my bag and tipped everything out on the dresser. He picked up the clit pump.
"I need lube."I said quietly.
He sat between my open legs and gently rubbed my clit with his fingertip. Juice ran out of me and he slid it up and down quickly.
"Not any more."He replied, and held me open and pressed the cylinder firmly over my exposed clit. He squeezed the pump slowly, halfway. I was relieved he hadn't done it hard, but all the same, the pressure drew my clit sharply upwards and the suction held it there, pulling my clit upwards by an inch until it filled the small cylinder. Then he started giving tiny, tiny little squeezes to the pump, making the tip of my clit tap against the top of its confined space, he kept this up as he talked to me:
"Do you think you might want to talk now? Are you ready to answer my question?"
My cunt was taken over with the sensation of what he was doing to me.
"Yes, Master.."
He pressed the release valve and the suction let go.
"I don't think you are."He said, and squeezed the pump harder. My clit was drawn upwards and held in the rigid suction. I started to throb. It made me whine and struggle helplessly. 
"Don't move."He told me, and began to cover that spiked vibrator of mine with a lot of lubrication, using up almost half the tube in the process. Then he turned the vibrator on.
"You will take as much of this as I choose to give you."He told me, and sank the tip into my swollen vagina.
The soft spikes gave me hundreds of tiny vibrations, all spiralling into my nerves and making me ache for more, I cried out as he slid it in another four inches. It had filled me up and was still arousing me, he was pushing it ever so gently but firmly, in and out by a fraction, pushing deeper with every inward movement. 
The pump was still holding my clit like a vice. He pressed the button on the bottom of the cylinder and&nbsp; vibrations began to fill the sillicone tube that embraced my swollen clit. As he pushed the vibrator deeper and my body accepted it gratefully he switched off the pump vibe, then without bothering to press the valve, snapped the cyliner away from my body and my clit came free with a pop, 
he carried on with the vibrator but now his mouth was over my clit, licking me and for a couple of minutes, I could feel only the gentlest of sensations, the suction had made my swollen clit feel to me like soft, warm sponge, then I became more aware of the sharpest, strongest feelings as my clit came alive and every flick of his tongue made me gasp. He licked me harder, and I could take no more as an orgasm burst through my cunt and spread through my body with a speed of beautiful and devastating suddenness that made me go limp as I lay there, breathless and reaching for Jonny.
He had taken the vibrator out and my vagina was still echoing the last of the throbbing contractions that had made it grab that vibrator and hug it in blissfulness, I was weak and needed to lie there for a moment.
But he was still master.
"Get up,"He told me, "It's time to get on your knees."
I opened my eyes and dragged myself off the bed, moving about on shaky legs as I stood before him. I wanted to kiss and hold him, but he was still commanding me.
"Get on your knees and suck my cock, please."He said firmly.
I sank to my knees,&nbsp; pausing only to kiss his shoes. As he got his cock out I looked up at him, felt blessed and in awe of the absolute power he had over me at this moment and I was truly unable to put into words the beauty of how I felt, on my knees, ready to serve him. He looked so handsome, standing there, looking down at me and telling me to suck.
I took him in my mouth gratefully, sucking him deeply, wishing I could spend my life with his cock in my mouth. My lips slid up and down the shaft of his cock, I sucked at the same time, while I sucked I paused to lick the head and tease him before sucking him back down, I did not move from my position on the floor, I stayed there, on my knees, my mouth sliding up and down his hard on, over and over as I tasted him, enjoyed the feel of his hardness in my mouth, around my lips, feeling honoured to be performing this act on the man who had made me cum so hard, who I had wanted for so very long. He slid his hand to the back of my head and gripped my hair gently, encouraging me to slide it in and out, sucking deeper, harder, in and out of my mouth. 
He whispered he was coming and I sucked harder, slower, as he reached orgasm I held him in my mouth, sucking every drop of his cum into my mouth, sucking and swallowing until every last drop was gone.&nbsp; Then he drew me back onto the bed, now he was breathless and perspiring, that orgasm had been every bit as good as mine and when he took me into his arms, I saw only love in his eyes once more.
"You liked that?"
I nodded.
He smiled.
"Then I'll ask you, now...How long have you been in love with me?"
I laughed. So THAT was what he was going to ask me!
I looked into his eyes.
"Since the first moment I saw you, and ever since from that day. A long time, Jonny."
And he kissed me, held me and told me he loved me, too.
And then I felt truly happy. I rested in his arms feeling that, for once in my life, I'd really had a dream come true. 
When I got ready to leave, I realised that during our game my top had got torn. He told me he wouldn't have me going home in ripped clothes, and took off his shirt and gave it to me.
I slept in his shirt that night, feeling wonderful to be constantly wrapped in something that had been close to his skin, surrounding&nbsp; me with the scent of my lover. That was the day I realised I would love him for the rest of my life.&nbsp; 

I knew not everything in my world was perfect. I knew nothing ever would be. I was happy to love him and be with him but at the back of my mind I kept thinking about what he had said about how he got those bruises. It made me wonder what else he had to face, what other dangers were out there that would one day creep up on me and give me something to really worry about. A hostage situation suggested he must have been armed. He would not have gone into a situation like that without a weapon.&nbsp; So I decided to ask him when I met with him later that evening. I knew he wasn't going to tell me everything about it, but he could at least tell me the truth, even if it didn't exactly put my mind at rest.
I'd agreed to meet him at seven in the evening. I had no idea what , if anything, he had planned for tonight and if he just wanted to take me in his arms and hold me I would have been happy with that after everything we had done the day before. I turned up early, half an hour earlier to be exact - and as I walked towards the entrance of the hotel, I stopped in my tracks.
Jonny was in the car park, standing next to his car. A woman was with him. Tall and dark, rather butch looking. They were deep in conversation.&nbsp; I could tell by the way she leaned in close to him that she would like to get a lot closer if she could but he didn't seem to notice, either that or he wasn't interested in her in that way. He listened while she talked. Then he talked to her and she fell silent. I was too far away to hear what they were saying, and by now I was watching them from around the corner, not wanting to be seen. Their conversation carried on for quite some time, then she got into the car next to Jonny's and drove away. I came out of my hiding place and called his name as he was walking back towards the hotel.
"Sorry,"I said, "I was a bit early...I saw you talking to that woman. Looks like she had a lot to say."
"Nothing I couldn't handle."He replied.
"Is she a friend?"
A friend, as in, is she another lover and are you fucking her? I had that tone in my voice, I couldn't help it. Five minutes after meeting him we had been in his room. I didn't doubt that he cared for me but if I was one of many I at least had the right to know.
He looked at me like I'd just said something funny.
"That sort of 'friend?" He said, and he laughed, "No, that's Celeste. She's my boss! I wouldn't fuck her, she's horrible, she acts like a man! She seems to think she's got bigger balls than all the men in my unit put together - she probably has, too, but there's no way I'm finding out!"
"Sorry, I just thought, the way she was leaning and getting close, looked to me like she's really got a thing for you."
"I have had that said to me before,"He told me, "Let's not go there or I really won't want any dinner tonight!"
Then he put his arm around me and we went inside. Over dinner we talked some more, but I didn't ask him about his work, I didn't need to - he told me all I needed to know.
"She came to see me to apologise for suspending me - she's had a change of heart, she said I can go back in six weeks. And she tried to have a go at me for walking out and not handing in one of my firearms but I got around that."
"So you carry a gun?"
"Most of the time, I have to. Depends on the situation."
"So if you didn't hand it in where is it?"
"In the car, under the passenger seat."
"Will you show me?"
All my worry about Jonny and guns had vanished for a moment. A weapon had great potential for a game. I could picture it now, so many possibilities! He could force me to suck him at gun point. Or abduct me in his car, take me somewhere quiet and force me to submit...
But he saw the sparkle in my eyes and quickly cancelled that idea for me.
"No, we are not using my gun in our sex life. I don't actually like guns, I hate them but I have to carry one because of the nature of my work. Sometimes things get really nasty and I only use it if I have to. But it depends what I'm sent to do. It's not the best way to earn a living."
And I wondered, had he ever been sent to kill anyone? I didn't have time to think about that because he said something else that took the conversation onto another track.
" I got shot once,"He told me, "Years ago, when I was in the army. It was very bad, almost killed me. But after that I left and I got into intelligence work and I've been there ever since."
Jonny had been shot? I hadn't noticed any scars on his body. But I guess I wouldn't have noticed, the first time we slept together I was so excited all I wanted to do was make love to him at long last and yesterday he had kept his clothes on during our sex game. I was pretty sure when he took his shirt off and gave it to me I had'nt seen any scars. But I wasn't looking for it. 
"It must have been hard to go back to handling guns after something like that."
"Yes and no,"He told me, "The kind of situation where I use one now is very different to a war situation. But it still feels the same in a lot of ways. I just try and make sure I don't get shot again, it bloody hurts taking a bullet. But I've learned how to get past that&nbsp; fear. I'll show you something after dinner."
And then he added quickly: "No, it's not sexual so don't get turned on just yet, we can do that later!"

After dinner he took me out to his car. He told me to get in and once we were both in the car he glanced around to make sure no one was looking and reached under my seat. 
"I'm not doing this to scare you,"He told me, "I just want to know what you feel when I do it."
And he aimed the gun at me, holding it in both hands, with a firm, experienced aim. Even the look in his eyes had changed. This was Jonny handling the tools of his trade.
"Is it loaded?" I asked him.
"Yes, it is. Tell me how it feels."
"It's scary."I said, "I'm scared it's going to go off. I feel like I just want to get out of the way, to run."
Jonny lowered the gun, then carefully put it back under the seat.
"That's what most people feel when they get a gun stuck in their face. They look down the barrel, they think about the damage a bullet could do with one squeeze of the trigger and they panic, or worse they freeze and do nothing. With me I've had to get past the natural urge to run away and keep going as if the gun's not pointed at me. It's hard to explain. I have to go against my own nature to do it, but I've been doing it so long it just comes easily to me now. If someone points a weapon at me I have to either disarm them or try to and hope that if I do get shot it won't be fatal. But I don't get into those situations often so it's not that bad."
Something had just crept up on me and it amazed me that I hadn't realised before - the night we met, there had been a shooting. There had to be a link.
"Remember the night we first met? The shooting&nbsp; - was that you?"
"I was sent to take him out, yes. Believe me that man was involved in stuff you can't even imagine. He had the potential to be very dangerous to a lot of people. He had some very, very bad connections and there was no other way. I'm perfectly satisfied that I've done the world a favour. I haven't had to carry out a job like that very often, it's very rare that anyone in my unit would be asked to do something like that and I can't tell you all the details but if you knew, you would understand. But yes, I did like you and I wished when I saw you that I was just an ordinary bloke on a night out. And when I saw you standing there with glass in your hand there was no way I was going to leave you like that. And I never forgot you, either. I've always loved you, too."
Knowing what had happened made no difference to how I felt about him. 
I took him in my arms and we kissed, neither of us wanting to pull away.
When he did pull away I saw desire in his eyes.
He started the car and we went for a drive. For a while he said nothing, as if talking about the darker side of his life had clouded his thoughts and he needed to push all that away again. The sky was dark by now and we turned off the highway and onto a narrow country lane. He pulled over beside some dark woodland.
"I've got something for you."
Knowing Jonny, it could be anything. I was aroused in a second, my juice running and my clit swelling.
He took something out of his pocket and showed it to me.
"I bought this today. I thought you might like to wear it."
I looked at it, turning the beautiful thing over in my hands.
It was a slender leather collar with the word SUBMISSIVE written on it. I put it around my neck and smiled.
"Thank you, Master."
"Now get out of the car, pull your skirt up to your hips and lean over the front of the car with your legs open."
I didn't need to be told twice. 
As soon as I was standing there, leaning over, he gave my arse a slap with his hand. It made me open my legs wider still.
He placed his hands on my hips. Then he teased me by pressing his cock against me, just enough to let me know I was going to be fucked.
"Oh please, do it!" I begged him.
He slammed into me hard, I cried out with every thrust and knowing there was no one to hear us made it even better, and every time he slammed into me I felt a deeper thrill. Then we saw headlights in the distance. As they got closer he fucked me harder, then pulled out.
"Quick, suck it before the car gets here!"
I took him in my mouth and sucked hard and fast, he held me by the hair and shoved it deep, coming hard. I sucked and swallowed and he pulled out of my mouth and zipped himself up. As I got in the car he looked at me and laughed.
"You've got spunk round your mouth!"
I checked in the mirror. He was right, I had a tiny spot of semen at the corner of my mouth. I wiped it off. As we drove away, the approaching car came closer and eventually overtook us. Seeing it was a police car made it even funnier.
We both laughed as the car disappeared out of sight.
"What would have happened if they'd seen us having sex?"
"Nothing,"Jonny said, "I would have shown them my ID and they would have apologised and called me Sir and gone on their way, they don't mess with the big boys."

He took me back to the hotel. We went straight to his room and he got on the bed and told me to lay with him. I got undressed, I was naked except for my collar and Jonny had taken off his shirt. As I lay there running my hand down his chest I thought again about what he had told me. There wasn't a mark on him that I could see.
"Where was you shot?"
"In the Falklands War."
"No, I mean, where?"
He laughed.
"I know what you mean. I'll show you."
He took the rest of his clothes off and lay beside me again, and ran his hand over a deep scar just above his pubic hair.
"That's a bullet wound."He told me, "From my army days. A proper war wound."
"That looks like it must have really hurt."
"It did, I told you, it nearly killed me. It still hurts sometimes."
"Really?"
"Yes, there's nothing I can do about it, but apparently blow jobs are meant to help!"
I looked at him. Then I realised he was kidding.
"So if it starts aching I'll just let you know my war wound hurts and you'll know what to do about it, ok?"
"You bet I know what to do!" I promised him.
He ran his hand over the scar again.
"It stopped hurting years ago but it's a nice code for telling you to suck me off especially if other people can hear our conversation."
"Good idea."I replied, knowing full well that I would have a lot of fun with this game. Jonny knew how to play games just like I did. I gave the scar a rub with my fingertips. His cock was already getting hard again, it was all that talk about sucking that had done it for him, and for me, I was longing to taste his cum in my mouth again - and this time, with no interruptions, I could swallow it all properly.
"How is it feeling at the moment?"I asked him.
"Actually, it's hurting quite a lot. I think you need to sort me out right now. In fact I'm telling you to!"
I kissed the scar, then slid my mouth slowly downwards and took his cock in my mouth, sucking slowly and gently until he was properly hard, then I paused to lick all the way up the length of his cock, before sliding it back into my mouth and sucking harder while my lips slid up and down his erection and he got harder still, when he came he shot his load hot and fast into my mouth and this time I took it all down, then sucked him clean. As he pulled out of my mouth I placed a gentle kiss on his balls. He was still sensitive from the orgasm and the touch made him shiver.
"That was lovely."He said, holding me closer.

And that was how we started. We saw a lot of each other while he was off work, then he had to go back and for the first few months, I'd worry if he was late calling but he would always get in touch, always assure me he was okay. We carried on meeting and our fun and games just got better. Cock sucking became a regular favourite, with him very fond of mentioning when we were out in a public place that his war wound was aching, then we would go somewhere quiet and I'd give him head, then we would carry on with our evening, knowing this was a game the two of us shared in secret.&nbsp; Sometimes we just enjoyed each other's company, kissing, cuddling, talking about anything and everything. Other times he would make it clear he would be making my arse go very red and even estimated the number of days till I'd be able to sit down again without feeling it, then there was the time he ordered me to wear a PVC mini dress that clung to me like a second skin, and shoes so high I could barely stand, but as he said, I wouldn't be standing for long and he was right - that dress ended up covered in cum by the end of the night.
He bought me a gold identity bracelet that had my name engraved on it. But if I turned it over it said 'SLAVE'. 
I never took it off.
And I thought things would always be this way. Now and then, I'd think about the gun he carried, about the life he led but I'd always tell myself, nothing would happen to him. I knew he was strong, he was a survivor, his old scar told me that. And he wouldn't be doing the job he did now if he wasn't the best man to be doing it. I had seen the bruises he carried when we met, I knew he wasn't made of steel but all the same, I told myself : It will never happen.
And then, it did happen.
And I was left facing a wall of silence because his job was so secret I wasn't permitted to be told anything.
That wall of silence stayed up for more than two weeks.


Part Three: Later


Knowing nothing, being told nothing, was worse than any kind of bad news Celeste could have given me on the day of the shooting. All I had was memories and uncertainty, other times I'd feel sure he was dead and tell myself I had to accept this before it was confirmed to me because if I held on to any kind of hope it would only make the pain worse when I knew the truth.
I would never know another man like Jonny, nor would I ever love anyone else the way I loved him. Sometimes I was angry because he had chosen to live a life that had led to this, other times I thought about the brave man who had lived with so much danger and adversity and I felt proud of him. Either way, I loved him with all of my heart, I had loved him from the day we met and even though I was grateful for the time we had spent together, I had my regrets : Life was short, I wished we had got together sooner. I wished we could have had the time to do other things, like build a proper relationship.&nbsp; Maybe the day would have come when he would have handed in his gun and lived a quieter life. I could have lived that life with him.&nbsp; At times when he had dominated me, he sometimes used to slide his cock in me and tell me he was going to cum deep inside me, he didn't care that I wasn't on the pill, he just wanted a fuck and it wasn't up to me. Of course he never really did it, that was just part of a game to assert himself over me, but now I wished he had come inside me and got&nbsp; me pregnant. At least now I would have his child instead of being left with nothing but pain at his loss. That was something I had to stop thinking about quickly because if I let myself dwell on the what ifs I knew I would be swallowed up by my sadness.
I was at home when I had an unexpected visitor.
The door bell rang and I answered it, my thoughts still with Jonny. 
I stared at the caller. I had not expected Celeste to turn up on my doorstep.
"Can I come in?"She asked me.
I just opened the door up and let her in, too scared to ask anything, just hoping she would not bring the bad news I was expecting.
We went through to the livingroom and she sat down. I sat down with her. Nothing about her eyes or her voice gave me any clue at all. If anything, she still looked a little emotional.
"I realise it's been difficult for you not knowing anything, but I wasn't aware of your relationship with him. If Jonny had told me about you a long time ago I could have said more, but he keeps everything so private. Because of his position there is protocol to follow and a lot of red tape and I'm sorry you were shut out like that. I can tell you everything now, and I will, I promise. I feel really bad about shutting you out because I know the facts now and that's why Im here to explain. I could have sent someone else but I thought it best if it came from me because you know me."
I wasn't sure if she was apologising or preparing me for the worst. She was talking about him as if he was still alive, or at least, I wanted to think so, but I couldn't really think straight right now.
"Just tell me, please."
"I'll tell you everything but you have to understand the situation. The official story will be that Agent Jasper Fox One - that was his codename - was involved in an incident two weeks ago and died from gun shot wounds."
That was all I heard. I had been dreading those words and now she had said them I knew she was still talking but the pain in my chest cancelled it all out. I was sobbing and my eyes were stinging with tears.
Celeste took hold of my hands.
"Eve, listen to me."She was saying. 
I blinked and her face came into focus.
"Jonny's not dead. He's alive, he's okay. But after the shooting he doesn't feel he should stay in the service. He thinks his lucks run out and he's resigned. He's starting a new life with a new identity. We've got the people who arranged the shooting, so all that is over now. But officially, it's better if we say he's dead, that way he won't have to spend his life looking over his shoulder, do you understand?"
In a second all the pain I felt had disappeared. The tears I wiped away now were tears of relief.
"He's really okay?"
"Well, it looked bad at first, and it wasn't exactly a minor injury, but when the gunman came at him, he grabbed the gun and although he couldn't avoid being shot, he was able to drag it over a few inches and that made all the difference. You know Jonny, he never backs away from a gun. And that saved his life. The bullet went in his side and missed his vital organs. But the bullet went straight through him, so your boyfriend's got two new scars now, the entry wound and the exit wound but he's healing quickly. As soon as I sorted him a new place to live he discharged himself from hospital. And he wants to see you, he's really missed you. I promised I'd come and fetch you myself." 
"Let's go now." I said quickly.
"Just slow down, Eve - "She told me, "There's no rush, pack somethings and I'll be ready to go when you are. And remember, he might say he's fine but he's not, he's still recovering. So be gentle with him, look after him."
"I'll bear that in mind."I said, and rushed upstairs to pack.
In a moment all my sadness had gone and now I just wanted to be in his arms. I grabbed my biggest suitcase and began folding a few regular items of clothing.
Then I thought, what else? After all he had been through, I wanted my man in my arms again. I wanted to look sexy for him. There was a lot of room left in that case. I put in two big handfuls of sexy underwear, thongs, bras, that pvc dress, those shoes that were so high I couldn't walk in them, two big tubes of lube, my collar,&nbsp; all my sex toys.&nbsp; And then I closed the case, pulled the zip and forced the lock to click shut.
Now I was ready to go!
When I got to the top of the stairs, Celeste was at the bottom by the front door,&nbsp; I was struggling to slide the case down and said:
"Shall I give you a hand with that?"
"No, "I said, "No thanks, I can manage.." 
And I carried on dragging it down the stairs.
"I have to say, "Celeste remarked, "You're one lucky woman to have Jonny. A lot of the girls at work lust after him. And a few of the guys really envy him, too. And to be honest, I've always fancied him a bit. And you've got him. I don't know what your secret is!" 
She was about to find out. I'd been in such a hurry to pack, I hadn't shut the case properly. The lock sprang open and the zip slid back and the contents of my case went rolling down the stairs, landing at her feet in a heap.
She stared downwards for a moment, then as it registered she was literally up to her ankles in lingerie and sex toys she glanced at me and her face turned scarlet. 
"I'll wait for you in the car." She said quickly, and kicked her foot free from the air tube of my clit pump with a confused expression as if to say, what's that?&nbsp; 
Then she made a swift exit.

I was on the verge of bursting into a fit of laughter as I (carefully) placed my case in the back of her car.&nbsp; She said little as we drove and kept her eyes on the road. She was trying to hide her embarrassment - I was very surprised a woman like Celeste would be shocked at sex toys but everyone was different, not every woman owned a vibrator, or several like I did. But all the same, I could just picture Jonny's face when I told him. He would find the whole thing hilarious. By the time we reached our destination the case incident had stopped being funny. All I could think about was holding him in my arms again.&nbsp; 
We had parked outside a rather nice house on the better side of my town.
"I asked him where he wanted to go and he said he wanted to be close to you."She told me.
Celeste left me to take my case from the car. I dragged it up the path as she was unlocking the front door and as she went inside, I followed and left it in the hallway.
The house was quiet.
"Where is he?"
Celeste lowered her voice.
"He's probably asleep, I told you, he really needs to rest."
She led me up the stairs and tapped lightly on the bedroom door.
"Jonny,"She said softly, "It's only me.."
Getting no reply, she opened the door quietly.
Jonny was asleep on top of the bed. He was dressed but his shirt was open and his wound was covered with bandages. 
I blinked away tears, only a short while ago I'd truly believed I would never see him again, now he was here, safe and sound and he was never going back to that dangerous life again. Now he was safe, with me.
Celeste put the keys on the table.
"I'll leave those here for you."She told me, "I won't be needing them again."
And her eyes lingered on Jonny as he slept, then she said: "Tell him I said&nbsp; goodbye."
I nodded, and sat quietly next to Jonny and gently kissed his cheek. He was deeply asleep and didn't stir.
As she turned to leave I guessed why she was so sad, the look in her eyes said it all: She knew she had no chance with him. Not she had ever had a chance with him, but I was too kind and too happy right now to be as cruel as to tell her that. She left quietly, as the front door closed behind her, Jonny opened his eyes.
"Has she gone ?"
"Yes."
"Thank god for that!"
He cautiously put his hand against his healing scar as he sat up.
"I wasn't really asleep,"He told me, "I just wanted her to leave! "
I laughed.&nbsp; Then our eyes met. 
"I have really missed you so much."He said, and wrapped his arms around me.
He held me as tightly as he could and at last our lips touched and we kissed like we never wanted to stop. When we did stop, I was still a little tearful, and so was he. I lay in his arms for a while. We both took comfort from our closeness, after all that had happened and our time apart, we needed that.
"So what are you going to do now?"I asked him.
"Anything I like."He told me, "It all changes now, I don't have to think about a massive risk factor in my life any more. We can do anything we want to do."
I gently touched his bandage.
"Does it still hurt?"
"It's very sore."He told me, "When I move, cough or laugh, it really hurts me."
And I decided, better leave the story about his ex-boss ankle deep in sex toys till his scar was healed.
"Can I do anything to make you feel better?"I asked him.
"It's enough that you're here,"He said, "And I'm sorry you had to wait so long to see me. I couldn't do a thing about it, not till they told me about the arrangements, I couldn't see you until everything was sorted out. Under the circumstances it was safer for you that way."
"I know, I understand, Celeste explained. She told me everything."
"I really thought my luck had run out when that gun went off." He said, "It made me think about my life. I decided I'd rather spend it with you and be happy than go back to dodging bullets."
He was stroking my hair as he looked into my eyes.
"I really do love you."
"I know, and I love you, too." I replied.
Then he thought of something.
"Actually, there is something you can do for me." 
"Anything, just ask, you're my lover and my master and I want to make you happy."
"There's only one thing that takes the edge off this pain."He explained, "Blow jobs."
And I laughed. He did too, but not too hard because his scar wouldn't let him.
"Really,"He told me, "It does help! There was this blonde sexy nurse with big tits and no knickers who sucked my cock every day while I was recovering - Celeste wanted to suck it as well but they said no because it would have made me worse not better!"
Then as he laughed he gripped his side and drew in a deep breath, and I decided I was definitely right not to tell him about her and the sex toys just yet. 
"I'm only joking,"He said, "I hated being in there. I just wanted to be with you again. But believe me, when I'm healed I'm going to open your legs and show you who's boss. And I'll come inside you. And I'll keep coming inside you till you're pregnant."
"I can take it,"I told him, "I'll go through nine months of discomfort and then childbirth - I'm submissive, I'll do pain for you!"
I'd said it lightly but there was an intensity burning in his eyes that made my heart miss a beat like it did on the day we met.
"I'm serious."He said, "I want to."
I smiled. This was more than I'd ever dreamed possible. But now there was no more danger in his life, he was thinking about the things that he wanted - me and a family. I could hardly wait. I'd always secretly imagined what Jonny would be like as a husband and father, and now it was coming true.
"As soon as you're feeling better."I told him, "Until then you have to rest, let me take care of you."
"I'm all yours."He said, and got his cock out.
"Better start sucking before my new war wound starts hurting."he told me, "I really need you to swallow my cum."
I took him gratefully in my mouth, sucking him slowly and gently. As each sliding movement of my lips caressed him I knew the pleasure was making him forget all about his aching scar. He came hard and I sucked firmly, drinking it down as the orgasm throbbed through his body.
Then he held me in his arms again and we both slept,&nbsp; as Jonny rested I dreamed of a girl who wrote a poem long ago about the man she loved. The words of that verse danced through my mind once again and when I woke and he was beside me, looking into my eyes,&nbsp; I realised I now knew some things I hadn't realised before - firstly, that&nbsp; all of life and the bad times that went with it were actually good, because everything had led me to where I was now. And the second thing was this: Sometimes, if you dare to reach out for what you want, you really do get it in the end. 


The End



 










&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp; 



























&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

 
 
 






 






 



 

 
















 
 

















Her One True Prince and Master 

By Dorothy Strangelove 
 

PART&nbsp; 2:

While My Lover lies sleeping 

The sun had set gently into a burnt amber sky slashed with pink silken shades. The fading light threw its colours into the bedroom and it seemed to cover everything with its brilliance, the rainbow of warmth that lit up the room emphasised the peacefulness of the world we now found ourselves in.&nbsp; Jonny was sleeping in bed, lying naked beneath soft covers that smelled of fresh laundry and the scent of his skin. I smiled as I thought back to me as a girl, that teenager who used to dream of him - What I would have given to see him sleeping like this just once! Even up until we had met again all those years later, I had dreamed of seeing him lying in bed, picturing him naked beneath the sheets, me creeping up so quietly to wake him with a kiss as my hands strayed over his body... Now I knew what he looked like, and he was as handsome as I had imagined. Just looking at him lying there filled me with such desire I was instantly wet and aching to run my hands over him, feel his tongue in my mouth, his fingers deep inside me.&nbsp; But Jonny needed his rest.&nbsp; Looking at him now it was too easy to get turned on, but I knew beneath those sheets he was still wounded from that bullet, he was still recovering and beneath the dressing his injury was far from healed.&nbsp; It would take a long time for Jonny to get over it no matter how much he said he was fine. He was saying it so I didn't worry. As if I wouldn't worry. I loved him. When I looked at him, I saw my prince, my knight in shining armour, my master and my lover. But no matter how immortal&nbsp; love made me define him, he was human and he was hurt and it would be a while until he was recovered. 

I was still getting used to the peacefulness in our lives. It would take me a while to accept that he really did have a new identity and a new life and no one would ever harm him again - and he would never have to pick up a gun again. These thoughts brought me comfort but nothing erased the memory of hearing that gunshot and finding him in a pool of blood.&nbsp; It was that memory that I often recalled as a split second thought that woke me in the night sometimes, but finding Jonny lying next to me was enough to kill that fear and each time I dreamed it I would slide back down into the warmth of his arms and hold him so tight I was still holding on come morning.&nbsp; Jonny didn't have bad dreams. At least,&nbsp; he didn't seem to, which I guessed I shouldn't be surprised about. He had lived that life for years, every day filled with danger. It had become his way of life and all the risks that came with it had been normal to him.&nbsp; But I would never forget the fact that a bullet had almost killed him. I could not put into words how relieved I felt that he was safe now. I loved him deeply, completely, unconditionally. And this was my most precious gift. There is no finer gift to a man than the love of a submissive woman, because a sub will love her master like no other. She will cherish,worship and adore with an unending faithful devotion that only a real man deserved - a man like Jonny, who would love and respect me and never let my permission for dominance spill into misuse. In other words, it took a true prince of a man to fulfil me and Jonny was that prince. He was kind and gentle and loving, such a contrast to the dark world he had lived in for so long. I knew nothing of the secret agent with a gun, this was the man I knew, the man I loved. And as I watched him sleep I told myself the danger was over now, we had forever together and nothing could go wrong.&nbsp; Three days had passed since we had been reunited and although Jonny had insisted he was fine, I kept an eye on him. He spent all his time resting, it had been less than three weeks since the shooting and Jonny was only out of hospital because he had insisted he felt fine. But after we had been reunited I realised he was far from fine - he was hurting and tired and although he had desired me at first it was more to do with celebrating our reunion than indicating that he was okay - he was far from it.&nbsp; 

I sat on the bed beside him and gently kissed his cheek. Jonny opened his eyes and I felt guilty for waking him.

"Sorry."

"It's alright, I wasn't asleep. I'm too sore to sleep."

He held his hand against the bullet wound and sat up. And it hurt him. Hurt him like it fucking killed him and he wanted to hide it from me. I made a move to help him sit up, but he got there on his own.

"I can do it myself, Eve. I'm alright."

But the look in his eyes told a different story.

There was a number on a pad beside the phone. It was for a doctor in case Jonny had complications. But Jonny just wanted to sever all ties with the past, right now and be done with it. And he was intensely strong and independant. He would have to be seriously ill to bother with that number. But I asked him all the same.

"Should I call the number Celeste left by the phone?"

"No,I'll be fine."

I'd expected that answer.

"But it wasn't hurting you as much as this yesterday."

"Yes it was but I didn't say so."Jonny sounded tense. He looked me in the eye.

"I thought I was Master around here?"

That was a little unfair. He knew using his dominance would win any disagreement. But he certainly knew how to win.

"You are Master. And I would never do anything to make you unhappy."

The look in his eyes softened.

"Then forget about that number. Come here, I want to hold you."

Like a good servant, I laid beside him and said nothing more about the phone number.&nbsp; Jonny kissed me gently.

"I'm fine. Just go to sleep next to me, that's all I need, a cuddle from you..."

And he closed his eyes, instantly relaxed as the pain subsided, and fell asleep.

I didn't sleep. I watched over him, getting more anxious as I felt him growing warmer, as his skin began to glow with perspiration.

Finally I gently shook him awake.

"Jonny.."

I repeated his name and he slowly opened his eyes.

"Go back to sleep.." He murmured.

And I touched his face.

He was burning up.

Obedience is holy to a sub like me. I knew I had to get off the bed, pick up the phone and call that number.&nbsp; I had to, because Jonny was ill. It was the only thing&nbsp; I could do.

But Jonny had said No.

I laid beside him for five more minutes, till I reasoned that he didn't realise how ill he was and that was why&nbsp; he had reminded me who was master. There was a time and place for role play and now was not the time. I had to call the doctor. I kissed him softly.

"Sorry, Jonny," I said quietly, "But I have to call that number. You need help."

Jonny murmured something about&nbsp; leaving it alone, but I went over to the phone and made the call. 

The doctor who arrived was female. She was blonde with big tits and when she ran her hands over Jonny's body I felt strangely jealous. Later when he was feeling better we would no doubt joke about it - by the way she looked at him when she first spoke to him it was&nbsp; pretty obvious she found him attractive - but Jonny wasn't in the mood to have a laugh about anything.

"I'm fine." He told her, "It just hurts a bit more than it did, but it's not the first bullet wound I've had."

And he glanced at me as if to say, I could do without all this. I felt guilty again.

I wanted to say sorry.

But the doctor was still examining him and she pressed gently on the healing scar. Pain made him tense and catch his breath.

"You're not fine."She told him, "You have an infection in the scar, you need to be admitted and treated now before it gets worse. It could get extremely serious if you don't."

Even Jonny couldn't argue with that diagnosis.

I packed him a bag for the hospital and even as I helped him get dressed I felt as if I should be on my knees apologising for disrespecting his wishes. It was in me to obey, I felt at home and in my rightful place obeying the man I loved. And although common sense was screaming at me that I had done the right thing, when he told me to stay at home and wait for his return I felt like I was already being punished. He kissed me goodbye and said he would call me soon. Then the woman who I had felt so jealous of drove him away and I was left alone with guilt that only a submissive could understand. Yes, I had helped him. But I had also failed him because he had said, do not call that number. I knew deep down that he understood and in the end would probably have called her himself, but it was in me totally to obey and I had broken that. It was simmering away like an ache and only Jonny could make that pain go away with his forgiveness. Us subs do not like making decisions when they question the shift of power. We like to be told what to do, and to do it without question. To act independantly in a way that forces me to be the strong and decisive woman actually causes me pain, an emotional kind of distress because to act in this way is against my psychological make up.&nbsp;&nbsp; I was feeling guilty about all this and I was terribly worried about Jonny.



Like the good submissive I was deep inside, I followed his orders and stayed home and waited for him to call. After what I'd done I felt it was the best way I could make amends.&nbsp; The phone didn't ring for several hours. By now it was dark outside and the bedroom we shared seemed so empty without him.&nbsp; I went downstairs, into the darkened kitchen and looked out at the garden. By moonlight everything looked silver and I decided to sit out there for a while, it was a warm night and the gentle breeze shifted leaves in the trees ever so softly in a way that seemed to be sighing with me. I hadn't expected our lives to still be affected by the shooting, but even now it was all over and Jonny had a new life, he was still suffering as a result of it. I wanted to cry but I had to stay strong. Jonny had told me to wait, he had said he would call me. He didn't want me to be upset. So I would not let myself be upset.
Then I heard my phone ringing. My mobile,not the landline.
I hurried back inside and answered it.

"Hello, Eve." Jonny said, "Are you alright?"

He sounded tired and I blinked back tears as I answered him.

"I just want to know you're okay."

The warmth and love in his voice as he spoke to me seemed to flow down the phone and into me and wrap itself around my heart.

"I'm fine. I have to stay in for a few days while they pump me full of antibiotics but&nbsp; by this time tomorrow I'll be a lot better. In fact, I'm going to be quite bored stuck in here on my back for a few days. I'll let you know what you can do about that later. And before you say sorry, I'm glad you phoned the doctor. I could have been feeling much worse by now if it wasn't for you. I love you, Eve."

"I love you too, Jonny."

I was still wiping tears away as he said good night to me. All the guilt I had felt was gone now, replaced by relief that I was not only forgiven but that he understood, too. And I would be ready to do anything he asked me to do when he was in the mood again. I was longing for him to call me again.&nbsp; And as I walked back towards the garden, the phone rang again. This time it was the landline. I assumed it was Jonny, maybe he had forgotten something and called me back on the other number.

"Hello."Said a strange voice.

I said nothing. He said hello again. I still stood there frozen. As far as I knew, no one had this number except for Celeste.. Then he said something that made my blood freeze.

"Is Jonny there please?"

I put the phone down. My heart was pounding hard in my chest, I was breaking out in a sweat and shaking as the memory of the shooting seemed to edge ever closer again. This was a secret address, he had a new identity, nobody was supposed to have this number..

The phone rang again.

I stood there watching it ring, feeling fear turning to icy terror that made me want to throw up.

The call went to answer phone.

"Hi Jonny,"The man said, "Listen, I'm sorry for calling but I got your number off a mutual&nbsp; friend - think you know who I mean - I hope you understand but I had to get in touch. This call is unofficial so please don't tell anyone or I'll get in trouble. I just&nbsp; need to talk to you about something. Get back to me on this number or if not I'll get back you soon. Take care, mate."

My fear subsided a little. A friend. Someone close enough to know about his new life..But all the same, someone linked to the past that had almost got him killed. I didn't have to struggle with my submissive nature on this one. I knew what I had to do.&nbsp; I loved Jonny. I had seen him lying on the floor bleeding from a bullet wound that had almost killed him. And even now he was out of that life, away from danger, he was still suffering as a consequence of it. I had to protect him. I hit a button and erased the message.&nbsp; 

I felt no guilt this time, even when Jonny sent me a text in the morning asking me how things were at home. 

Quiet, I replied, I love and miss you loads XXX 

A reply came back quickly: 

I'M FEELING A LOT BETTER. SEND ME A NICE PICTURE. OPEN YOUR LEGS AND SHOW ME EVERYTHING X 

I wasted no time, grabbing the massage oil from the bathroom cabinet and twisting off the top. I poured some onto my fingertips and slid it down, all the way over my smooth pubic mound,&nbsp; as I stroked the oil down the sides of my slit I started to swell, my clit enlarging with the stimulation and juices running freely from me. I laid back on the bed and the sunlight that streamed through the window caught the gleam of the oil on my pubic mound and made the shaved skin glow beautifully.&nbsp; I spread my legs wide and my swollen slit&nbsp; just opened up, aching for my lover to see everything. I took a picture and sent it to him.&nbsp; Ten minutes later he called me.

"That's a&nbsp; lovely picture and it's making me long for you, Eve. I could get really hard over this and have a wank, but I'm too tired at the moment.&nbsp; So I'll keep myself warm looking at this while you do something else for me."

"What do you want me to do?"

"You told me a while ago that you wanted me to do things to you down there, well I'm going to start now..I'm going to give you instructions to play with yourself all week till I come home...then I'll see how horny you are and if you're still feeling hornier than me I'll have to take charge of the situation..now go in the bathroom cabinet and take out that intense heat cream I got for you.&nbsp; Put a large amount on your clit - not a tiny bit, do a really good squeeze of that bottle and make sure you're covered in it."

My heart was racing as I went in the bathroom and took the top off the cream.&nbsp; I'd never used it before and as I pumped it a large amount of clear gel oozed onto my fingertips. I spread myself wide and rubbed it all in until&nbsp; my clit and all the skin around it was covered. 

"I've done it." I said down the phone.

"How does it feel?"

It was tingling. Gently warm at first, then the heat spread, glowing hotter and hotter.

"Oh it's burning!"

"Then put some more on."Jonny told me.

I gave another large squirt of the gel and carefully wiped it all onto my clit till the upper part of my slit was filled with gel. I wanted to come, the pain was good and seemed to be dragging an orgasm out of me that the heat was building in my clit.

"Oh, Jonny...it's so good.. "

He laughed softly.

"Then shut your legs and keep them closed, because I'm not there to enjoy it! You can come in one hour. I'm going to sleep now, but after you've come I want a picture of your face.&nbsp; I want&nbsp; to see you all flushed after sex because I miss you. Goodnight sweetheart."

And he hung up.&nbsp; And I was left with a burning sensation in my clit.&nbsp; I followed his orders, sitting on the bed with my legs closed to make the burning last longer. Waiting for an hour was hard, but finally I buried my fingers in my hot, swollen gash and gave my clit the stimulation it needed so badly. I came hard and my fingers were still wet as I picked up my phone and took a picture of my face. Then I sent it to Jonny and fell asleep with my clit still tingling.&nbsp; I didn't hear from him in the morning and I wanted to call but I knew he was probably resting and more than anything, I wanted to obey my master. I showered and dried my hair, put on some make up and a nice short dress that clung to me, just in case he was missing me and wanted some more pictures.&nbsp; Then I cleaned the house. I hoovered and dusted and polished. I wanted to make this place look beautiful and perfect for when he came home. I thought about changing the sheets but I decided not to after I held them close and inhaled the scent of his skin. I'd change them the day he came home -&nbsp; I did not want to spend&nbsp; a single night without a reminder of our closeness. Instead of changing the sheets I placed some candles around the room. I would not light them until my master returned. I was aching to hold him in my arms again and could just picture us embraced naked by candle light...But that was as far as my erotic thoughts went as I heard a knock at the door.&nbsp; After the phone call last night the thought of a stranger at the door made my heart race with fear. I edged closer to the window&nbsp; taking care not to disturb the nets, and looked down at the caller who stood on the pathway looking up at the house. He was in his mid twenties, dark hair, blue eyes. There was something familiar about him but I couldn't think what it was - then I wondered, if he was linked to Jonny's shady world, maybe he had been watching us and I'd just not realised..&nbsp; Then he went around the back. I didn't know if he was going to try and break in, so I opened the window and looked out.&nbsp; He came back quicker than I'd expected, looked up and saw me.&nbsp; And I thought, how embarrassing. Here I am, with a man who is a former spy and I can't even hide behind the bloody net curtains..
He smiled as he looked up at me.

"Hello,"He said, "I'm Dominic. Good friend of Jonny's. We used to work together. I phoned last night..is he in?"

"Just a minute."I called from the bedroom window, I'll come down."

When I opened the door to him he was picking something up from the porch. He held it out to me.

"Something for your new home."

And I tried not to laugh as I looked at his gift. It was a very large cactus. It looked just like a cock.

"I'll put this in the kitchen." I said. 

He followed me into the house, looking around as he went. When I settled the plant by the kitchen window he glanced out at the garden.

"Nice house."He remarked.

"It's Jonny's house." I told him, "It's - "

"A safe house, I know. " He said, "And don't worry, it is safe here. Jonny's got no worries about his new identity. Where is he, by the way?"

That question bothered me. If he was with Intelligence why didn't he know Jonny was in hospital?

"He's in hospital, Dominic."

Then I saw concern in his eyes and I knew he was no threat.

"Why?"He said, "I thought he was going to be alright - "

"No, he's fine. He just had a slight infection. He's coming home soon, in a few days. How come you didn't know?"

Dominic lowered his eyes for a moment, then he admitted:

"No one knows I'm here, it's not an official visit. Me and Jonny were close friends and I was one of the few people who knew he was still alive. But I didn't have his address, he said he was going to give it to me later. Then I found out from someone at work because I went down their confidential files. Don't tell anyone, please. Jonny will understand. I just wanted to see him. I was so cut up over what happened to him, I wish I'd been there. I would have taken that bullet for him, believe me."

I did believe him. He looked so upset talking about the shooting that his eyes clouded over with tears.

"I was in the office when I heard about it. I'm not on his level, I'll never get a job out in the field like him, but&nbsp; as soon as I heard I went down to see him. He was still unconscious but I sat with him for hours. Then my girlfriend picked me up in the car and took me home. I couldn't sleep till I knew the bastard that shot him was six foot under. I volunteered to do the job myself, but they had to send someone with more experience."

It was obvious Dominic looked up to Jonny. All my doubts had gone and I was warming to him now. It was good to be in the company of someone who clearly adored the man I loved.

"Jonny's tough,"I said, "He's going to be okay."

"I can believe that." Dominic said, "It's not the first time he's been shot. He's seen a lot of action, going right back to his army days. He's got loads of medals. He was even awarded the VC. That's the highest honour you can get."

Jonny had a Victoria Cross? That was something he had never told me! I thought about my master, my prince who held me in his arms every night and felt a glow spreading through me, I loved him so much.&nbsp; I put the kettle on and Dominic sat down at the kitchen table still talking about Jonny as I made the tea.&nbsp; Then his phone bleeped and he checked the message and swore under his breath.

"Sorry,"He said, getting up in a hurry, "It's been really nice to meet you but I have to go, that's work, asking questions and I'm not supposed to be here! I'll come back over the weekend if that's ok?"

I nodded, but felt uneasy about his past creeping back like this.&nbsp; After he left I thought about everything he had told me and I felt that warm glow spreading through me again, my Jonny was not only my hero but a real hero. It made me love him even more. 



Jonny called me later that day.

"Hello my darling, I'm really bored in here."He said, "I've been thinking about you and I've decided when I come home I'm going to get some lube and see how stretchy you really are. And what you told me a while ago about wanting to get pierced, well I'm not sure yet but all I'll say is maybe. I like the idea of rings through your pussy lips and what you said about lacing it up, but I really do think a few piercings down there is a bit much, also you will really hurt and as much as I like playing games I don't want to hurt you like that. Plus I really won't tolerate another man touching you down there, that belongs to me. I don't care if it's just to pierce you, no one else will ever touch it."

Those words sent a thrill running through me. I loved the way Jonny owned me!

"As you wish, Master."

Jonny's voice lowered.

"I have to warn you that I'm getting very frustrated in here, Eve. I'm very tired and very sore and the last thing I feel like is a wank at the moment. But when I get home it will be a different matter. I may decide to force myself on you and take you hard. I might ravish you very roughly."

"If it pleases you."

"Yes, it will please me very much."Jonny told me, "Now I'm going to sleep for a while. Be a good girl and don't play with yourself tonight. I've decided when I come home I want to find you waiting for me looking sweet and pure, like the virgin who fell in love with me all those years ago."

Waves of excitement ran through me mixed with love that was making my heart ache for him.

"I'll do everything you say." I promised, "I want to make you happy."

"I know you do, Eve. I'll call again tomorrow. I love you, darling."

I was blinking back tears as I put the phone down. I had spent almost twenty years longing for Jonny and after finding him again and going through the agony of not knowing if he was alive or dead after the shooting, I had never,ever wanted to be torn from his arms again.&nbsp; This week without him was sheer pain for me. I spent the rest of the day planning his return.&nbsp; When Jonny came home, I would be waiting for him looking just the way he wanted. And I would be in his arms, kissing him, serving him, giving him&nbsp; my every orifice as I let him take me any way he wished. Then I would sleep in his arms and all the pain in my heart would be gone.



That night I slept easier. My clit didn't tingle and I did not come, instead I dreamed about the man I loved, my prince and master, I thought about how I would run my hands all over his body as I loved my war hero, and I'd kiss his scars that were such a testament to his valour and in kissing him I would wish that I could erase all the pain that he had ever suffered in his remarkable life. My Jonny would have a night to remember when I welcomed him back.&nbsp; The week passed slowly, I went shopping, kept the house clean, spent my time looking forward to Jonny coming home at last. There were no more phone calls or visits from Dominic. I knew he seemed like a nice bloke,&nbsp; but all the same he was a link to his past. I didn't want any links to his past resurfacing because I associated it with danger, and danger was something I was determined to protect him from. I knew Dominic had said he would call over the weekend. That was easy to ignore, I would simply disconnect the phone and do my best to keep Jonny in bed so he wouldn't be aware of any visitors....I could think of plenty of ways to do that!&nbsp; He called me every day but although he sounded a lot better he made no mention of anything remotely sexual and although I was burning with desire for him I understood that he was probably not in the mood right now and so I behaved myself, I even managed to keep from touching myself (which was a real challenge for me), and I saved up all my desire for him, wishing the days would fly past until the end of the week.&nbsp;&nbsp; Finally, the week came to an end. I had spent all day getting ready for the evening. Jonny had told me he would be home around seven that evening, and by half past six my heart was pounding with longing and my thighs were already growing damp (not very virginal of me, I know!)&nbsp; I was wearing a light, sheer lace dress in a warm shade of cream that nicely clung to my body and flattered my curves, I had no underwear on beneath it and if I had gone out for a walk in it that revealing aspect certainly would have stopped traffic. I had bought it in town when I went shopping the other day, as soon as I'd seen it in the window I had smiled and thought,&nbsp; that was a virgin dress - but it was revealing enough to remind Jonny of what he had been missing while he was away.&nbsp; Now I was wearing it, I'd applied light make up and brushed my hair and given it a small short burst of hairspray just to keep it in place. I was very natural-looking tonight, even my shoes were low-heeled and matched my dress. Although I had not put on underwear I had worn lace hold-up stockings. Jonny had never seen me in them before and somehow I just knew he would love them.&nbsp; I wondered if my white virginal dress would double as a nurse's sexy outfit. I could just picture Jonny lying in bed resting and me being his private nurse-slut, sucking his cock all better for him..
Then the phone rang.&nbsp;&nbsp; I had just finished lighting the candles and the bedroom had a soft glow about it, coupled with a gentle scent of vanilla and musk that was filling the room seductively. I grabbed my mobile and answered it.

"Hello." I said sweetly, not needing too much acting skill&nbsp; to sound like an excited virgin - I was so worked up about him coming home I was ready to burst.

"Eve," Jonny said,"Sorry, sweetheart, but I've got some bad news. I'm not coming home till Monday. It's nothing to worry about, they just want to keep me in a bit longer to make sure I'm ok..I was really looking forward to it tonight but we have to wait."

"Okay, as long as you're getting better, that's all that matters." I had tried to sound understanding but tears were stinging my eyes and I was glad Jonny didn't know I was crying. It was true, as much as I longed to be with him, knowing he was well again was the main priority right now.

When I hung up I set the phone next to the bed and glanced around at the clean sheets on our bed&nbsp; and the candles flickering around the room,&nbsp; then I took a look at my reflection in the full length mirror - that was when I felt so,so lonely. I had made so much effort, looked forward to so much, all to spend another night alone without the man I loved. Then I heard a clatter from the back garden. Some where a dog was barking. This was all I needed, alone in the house for tonight and two more nights after that and now I was getting spooked by strange noises.&nbsp; I had to check it out. I didn't want to, but I had to. There was no way I was sleeping tonight wondering if someone was trying to break in. I knew I was safe, the house had an alarm system and the doors were locked back and front, but all the same, I had to reassure myself. I went downstairs and out to the kitchen.&nbsp; The garden looked the same, neat lawn, trees still in the breezeless evening. I checked the back door. Still locked. I drew a deep breath and told myself to relax.Then I heard a sound behind me, the slightest noise that told me I was not alone. A creaking door,a footfall, I wasn't sure, it was too quiet to identify.&nbsp; I stepped back, made a move to turn round but he had me firmly but gently, his hands on my shoulders.
He leaned down and whispered in my ear:

"Have you missed me, sweetheart?"

All my fear melted away. I turned around and Jonny was standing there looking rather pleased with himself.

"Surprise." He said.

I threw my arms around him, kissing him and telling him I loved him. He gave me a hug.

"Calm down, I'm fine. And I'm home to stay now."

He brushed a stray lock of hair from my face, then his eyes wandered down my body so thinly covered by the lace dress.

"You look beautiful, by the way."

"You look amazing too."

I meant it. Jonny looked fit and well again, so much stronger than when I had last seen him. 

"How did you get in?"

"Do you really think I spent all those years undercover and I didn't know how to break into my own house?"

I smiled. Of course Jonny knew how to break in. Then I started to wonder why he had become so good at breaking into places and that was the time to stop thinking. Instead I looked into his eyes and everything washed over me, my love for this amazing man, my desire for him to dominate me.&nbsp; Images flooded my mind. Me on my knees. Licking his shoes, kissing his feet. Him taking me gently but firmly by a handful of my hair and my lips parting to receive him in my mouth. I longed for that moment!&nbsp; Jonny indicated to his overnight bag.

"I'm still a bit sore. Can you pick it up for me?"

I leaned over to get the bag. As I leaned, I felt his hand on my lower back, pushing me further forwards until I was bending right over, pressing my hands against the wall to balance.

"You do look very pure and virginal tonight,"He said softy, "But I can see right through that dress and if you bend over in front of me wearing that, you know what you're going to get, don't you.."

I drew in a deep breath as all my sexual tension seemed to tighten up even more. He raised my skirt to expose me and slid his hand down my soft flesh, lingering in a caress before giving me a sharp smack that made my arse sting and made my juices flow even harder. He slid his hand between my legs and touched me, the briefest&nbsp; touch that was more of a tease than anything else and just served to make me wetter and ache even more. He slid his finger inside me and it made me gasp, turned my legs to jelly and I stood there, bent over, hands against the wall, moaning helplessly as he moved his finger in and out of me and my juices flowed wet and sticky and filled the air with the scent of my longing. He withdrew from me and my insides carried on screaming in those silent seconds, begging for more as I throbbed and wet myself helplessly, making my thighs a sticky mess.

"Get up." Jonny said, "I'm not fucking you like this. I don't want to fuck you like this, I want you upstairs and on the bed."

My legs were still shaking. I pulled myself upright and turned around. At that moment I was so weak with desire and longing that all I wanted to do was fall into his arms, but as much as I longed to feel his embrace I longed to obey him, too. He took me by the hand and led me up the stairs. The lights from the flickering candles threw a soft glow around the room that seemed to turn it into a magical place, this was a time just for us and nothing else in the world mattered. Jonny ordered me to get on the bed. Then he started to unbutton his shirt, one button at a time and all the time he was doing this his eyes did not leave mine.

"Tell me how much you wanted me when we first met."

"More than I could put into words. I wanted to touch you, kiss you, to love you."

Jonny took off his shirt. He was trying to stay commanding because he knew that would make me beg him for it, but as he got on the bed and lay beside me, the look in his eyes softened and he kissed me gently.

"You do look like a virgin, Eve. And I'm going to treat you like one.  I'm going to be very gentle with you tonight."

I wanted and needed this. Being separated from him had hurt me more than I could describe and all I wanted to do was be in his arms and let him possess my body, and do that in any way he saw fit. Jonny's bullet wound was still covered with a dressing and served as a sharp reminder of the shooting that I was trying so hard to forget.&nbsp; I slid on top of him and ran my hands up his body, kissing from his neck to the middle of his chest, then I took his nipple in my mouth and started to suck. I licked and sucked genty and teasingly, then harder till I turned my attention to the other one, by now I could feel his cock growing hard beneath my parted legs. He kissed me deeply, his hands sliding over my body, at any moment I was expecting him to pull down my dress, but instead he raised my skirt and then unbuckled his belt, and as I felt the hardness of his cock pressing at my swollen wetness my thighs trembled, the whole of me was begging for penetration now. I had waited so long for this moment. As I reached for the packet of condoms beside the bed, Jonny stopped me.

"Not tonight, sweetheart."He told me, "Tonight I'm coming deep inside you. No more precautions, I'm going to get you pregnant, Eve. You're going to get my spunk every day, right up inside you."

I opened my legs wider and he slid his cock in me, all the way up, and the feeling of having him in me again made me gasp with the pleasure of it, he went deep and firmly held my hips while he watched the look on my face, he knew the long wait had made me desperate and that first thrust in me had taken away all the aching.&nbsp; He rolled me onto my back and slid my dress up to my hips. Then he fucked me. Even though he was still healing from that shooting, he gave it to me hard, although I was so overwhelmed with desire by now that I wouldn't have cared if he had used his cock, his fingers or a vibrator on me, all I wanted and needed was Jonny's touch, and now he was here and making love to me as if he had never been gone. When he came he shoved it right up inside me and came hard and hot and it seemed to fill me right up. It was a moment I had always longed for, the ultimate gift from master to sevant - his life force deep inside me.&nbsp; As he kissed me and drew me into an embrace, I looked at him and a thought went through my mind that this for me was the perfect life. Not only was I the vessel of pleasure for my Lord and Master but I was also to carry his child. I cherished his embrace like it was the whole purpose of my existance, and drifted off to sleep with the feeling that everything in the world was in it's rightful place, because my prince and master had now returned. 


To say that our reunion was perfect was to be an understatement.&nbsp; The next morning he woke up and said he felt sore, that healing scar was hurting again, he had overdone it last night and now he needed to spend the day in bed. No problem, I thought, at least he wouldn't be bothered by unwanted visitors like Dominic..&nbsp; I had so many plans for filling his recovery with wonderful erotic games and pleasures. I had it all worked out - massage, a lot of massage. Foot massage and body massage and then long, slow oral sex to really make him feel good. But reality kicked in quickly - he needed to rest and sleep.&nbsp; He would need a lot of rest, it would be several weeks before Jonny was fit and well again.&nbsp; 
While Jonny slept, there was a knock at the door. Then someone rang the bell. This time I spied carefully from the living room window and was astonished to see Celeste at the door. She was bending down, about to call through the letter box, so I opened the door. Jonny was asleep and with a bit of luck I would get rid of her before he woke up. I knew he didn't find her attractive but a the same, she clearly&nbsp; had feelings for him and seeing her again after her organisation had supposedly cut ties with Jonny just plain pissed me off because she wasn't his boss any more. She was fuck all to him, and yet here she was.
I opened the door politely and smiled.

"Celeste..what a surprise."

She brushed her long, dark hair off her shoulder and looked back at me, not even bothering with a Hello or a Good Morning.&nbsp; 

"How's Jonny? I have called him but I haven't heard from him and I need to know he's okay. I sent him some flowers but he didn't call me. The hospital said he's been discharged."

Flowers? And even the hospital had accomodated her. Of course they told her all about everything because she had abused her position to find out. If Jonny wanted to call her, he would have done so. Jonny had not called her. She was here and finding out all she could simply because she was able to, because in her job, she could find out about anyone...

"He's asleep and he doesn't want to be disturbed." I told her, "But you can come in if you like."

And of course, she did. Pushed straight past me and went down the hallway and on through to the kitchen. And I thought, how fucking rude.  By the time I'd joined her she was sat at the kitchen table, looking comfortable and her gaze wandering out the window towards the garden.

"I hope you don't mind me coming by like this."

"No, no, why shouldn't you, after all, your organisation has done a lot for my Jonny. Especially after some cunt shot him. Do you take sugar?"

She was a little undecided how to react to my attitude.&nbsp; Then she resumed her friendly manner, no doubt deciding that if she wanted to come round here and gaze at my Jonny she would have to put up with a little abrasiveness from me.

"No, thanks, I don't."She said quickly.

I said nothing. She said nothing. Then she broke the silence as I handed her the coffee.&nbsp; 

"I really would like to see Jonny before I go. Just to reassure myself that he's okay." Then she really pissed me off. "I'd just like to give him one more hug."

It was time to introduce her to the fact that she was no longer his boss and had no right to act as if she owned him.

"We are hoping for a baby."

Celeste set the cup down a little too sharply. Yes, that did it,&nbsp; alright - now she knew her crush was well and truly spoken for...

"Really?"

"Oh yes," I told her, "He told me he's going to cum up me every day until I'm pregnant.&nbsp; I'm looking forward to it. Not just the baby part, I'm looking forward to carrying his child and giving birth to it because I love him.&nbsp; You might know that feeling one day, when you meet the right person."

Celeste finished her coffee and got up. 

"I'll just go up and say goodbye to Jonny.."

"He's asleep, Celeste."

What ever her role in a shadowy and powerful organisation, it was clear she was not used to these kind of situations. Probaby too kitchen sink for her to ever bother with, but here she was with me and the girl couldn't handle it. She was blushing a bit, obviously didn't like being put in her place. She glanced around the room and her eyes fell on the cactus.

"Nice plant.."She said, "Big, makes a statement.."

"Yes," I replied,&nbsp; "It looks just like a cock. You can take it home if you like, sit on it and think of Jonny if you want to."

She glared at me, snatching up her bag.

"I'm leaving." She snapped.

I let her find her own way out. She didn't take the cactus with her. I went back upstairs. Jonny was sleeping and I sat beside him.

"I love you." I whispered.

And Jonny laughed into the pillow. 

"I heard what you said to Celeste - thanks for getting rid of her for me!"

He wrapped his arms around me and looked into my eyes. He didn't look the slightest bit tired, he had been awake all the long listening to me downstairs. I had thought as she closed the door behind her that perhaps I had overstepped the mark by as good as telling her to fuck off, but Jonny found it amusing and knowing I had pleased my master made me glow with joy. 

Later on, Jonny got up and got dressed. He told me he was going to go for a walk and try and get over the nagging pain from the healing wound.&nbsp; I wanted to go with him, but he kissed me and told me to stay at home. I understood, he needed to get out on his own for a while. He had been shut up in the house too long and needed to start building up his strength again. He was gone for half an hour and I kept thinking about the pain that he had been feeling and the more I thought about it the more I worried. I wasn't going to call him because I didn't want to look as if I doubted him. I was worrying because I loved him but he was my master, my love, everything to me and if he wanted me to leave him be for a short while, his wish was my command. When I heard a sound at the door I flew to answer it.

It wasn't Jonny. It was Dominic. And for the second time that day, someone pushed past me and barged into my home. He closed the door behind him and stood there looking at me. And as he looked at me I felt uneasy. Something wasn't right with this bloke, I couldn't decide what, but I had realised when we first met and the alarm bells had not rung, but they were sure as hell ringing loudly now.

"Where's Jonny?"

"He's out." I said quickly, "I'm not sure what time he's coming back.&nbsp; You should try calling back later, or tomorrow - "

I had no time to finish speaking. He shoved me against the wall, pinning me there in an iron grip. His eyes were blazing.

"Last time we met, I told a few little lies. I got Jonny's address from doing research, it was easy because I picked up that slapper of an ex-boss of his and gave her a good seeing to. It's funny how you bitches think you're all clever and tough, but once your legs are open and you're begging for more, all you can think about is Make me Cum...she thought it was her fucking birthday!"

I was too scared to speak. He turned me around, wrapped his arm about my throat and shoved me forwards, forcing me into the livingroom. He pushed me into an armchair and took out a gun. Seeing a gun when Jonny had showed me had been a scary experience because it was a gun, but I had no fears about my safety because my lover was holding it. Now this fucking bastard was in our house, pointing a gun at me and I didn't know if he was about to pull the trigger and I didn't know when Jonny would be back. Jonny was unarmed. He wouldn't be expecting this. It was my fault. I started to cry.

Dominic smiled.

"Me and Jonny go back a long, long way. We met when his people destroyed a little business my boss was running down the docks. Jonny killed him. Problem is,&nbsp; that bloke he killed was my big brother. I've been after the bastard ever since. I knew he wasn't dead, I heard it from a contact I have. People like me have contacts everywhere, Eve.&nbsp;  If it wasn't me shooting him it would have been someone else one day."

"That's not true you just got lucky."

"We'll see who's lucky when your loverboy comes home."

The phone rang. Dominic passed it to me, stood in front of me and kept the gun inches from my face.

"Be normal. If you warn him I'll kill you now."

I answered the phone. Jonny sounded fine.

"I'm on my way back." He told me, "I'm a bit sore but I think I can manage something special tonight."

My mind was working hard, running through all the things I could say to warn him. 

"I was thinking maybe we could try the role play tonight."

Dominic was enjoying this conversation, his eyes lit up and he smiled.

"What role play?"Said Jonny.

"The one where you totally overpower me and make me helpless and tell me I'm going to die. Then I'll lick your shoes clean."

There was a silence. Jonny got it, he realised.

"See you soon."He said, "Really soon. Be good.&nbsp; Don't get started without me."

Dominic took the phone from me and cut the call off.

"After I've killed your boyfriend," He told me, "I'm going to fuck you."

And I thought, No, you'll be fucking a corpse because you'll have to kill me first. 



I heard the key in the door&nbsp; after a long silence. 

"Don't expect much tonight I'm feeling shattered." Jonny said. 

As his voice drifted up from the hallway&nbsp; Dominic kept the gun on me. He looked at me with a hard stare and I didn't need to be told - one word from me and I'd be dead in a second. Jonny came through the door. The gun was off me, Dominic went for him, punched him once just above his healing wound and Jonny went down on the floor. As he struggled to sit up, he was gasping for air and I felt the awful realisation wash over me that he was to weak and too hurt to be a match for Dominic - this was it, we were both going to die.

Jonny looked at me with tears in his eyes.

"I'm sorry, Eve."

The gunman stood over him.

"I didn't think a man like you would die so easy."He remarked, steadying his aim. Jonny glanced at me. It was a split second glance and Dominic was too distracted to notice. I understood.

"Please,"I begged him, "Don't shoot him. You can have whatever you want. I'll give you what ever you want.."

Dominic glanced at me. I slid the straps from my shoulders and the sheer lace dress fell to the floor. He was distracted, for a second or two. Like he had said, women and sex..well it was the same with men, and I knew it.&nbsp; His eyes wandered over my tits, down to my smooth pussy. But only for a moment. Then he noticed I was smiling and looking somehwhere over his shoulder..&nbsp; He turned around, and found himself staring straight into the red laser light that shone from Jonny's gun. Jonny was stood up taking aim like the marksman that he was.&nbsp; There was a coldness in his voice and as he looked at him it was like he was staring straight through him. This was the side of my Prince I had never thought I'd ever see.

"Do you?" Jonny asked him.

Dominic was too stunned to reply.

"Do you die easily?" Jonny asked him again. Then he smiled at Dominic.

"Yes, I think you will." He remarked, and pulled the trigger. As Dominic slumped to the floor, Jonny slowly lowered the weapon.

"Good thing old habits don't die so easy, I never could bring myself to hand that gun in." He said, and placed the gun on the floor. Then he stepped over the body and took me in his arms.

"Now it really is over." He promised me.


SEVEN MONTHS LATER

We moved again. After Dominic finding his way, it meant there could be others. We had a meeting with Celeste. I thought about the cactus and laughed. 

"There's another place not too far from here." She said, but Jonny stopped her.

"No," He said, "We can't take any more chances, I've got Eve to think of. And we want a family. I can't stay round here. We need to fuck off, right off away from here."

And so we did.

Seven months had passed since the shooting. Our new home was peaceful, quiet, and no one came after us. I totally agreed with Jonny that we needed to leave, after all I couldn't see us raising our kids in that other place, it would hardly be something to laugh about, Kids, remember the story about the time Daddy shot an assassin in the livingroom?&nbsp; We had put the past well and truly behind us. Our new home was perfect for us. 

I&nbsp; was sitting in the bedroom on our soft, white bed and trying to make notes for my birth plan. I wrote: Throughout my labour I will be given support by my master, then I giggled and crossed it out and wrote 'my partner'.  I was still putting the finishing touches to it when Jonny came in. He looked totally gorgeous, his shirt was open and I got a glimpse of his chest that made me long to suck on his nipples.&nbsp; His jeans were zipped up (for now) but I could tell by the look in his eyes that he wanted me.

"What's this?" He asked me, coming over to the bed and taking the paper from me. He read through it.

"No pain relief? Under any circumstances? No, Eve. I'm not letting you do that."

He tore the paper in half and tossed it on the floor. 

"Eve," He told me as his hand slid down to the swelling low down on my belly that was just starting to show,&nbsp; "I'm your master so you'll do as I say. I also love you with all of my heart, and you're having all the pain relief you can possibly have when you give birth to my child."

He leaned closer and kissed me.

Then he smiled.

"But you're not too pregnant to get on your knees and show me proper respect."

I got down on my knees. Jonny was wearing his best shoes for me. Black leather, polished to a shine. He knew how to make me feel special. I lowered my face close to the floor and kissed his feet, my lips slid sensuously across the cool, smooth leather.&nbsp; Then he drew me into his arms and onto the bed. 

"I love you," I whispered as I kissed slowly down his neck and across his chest, "I love and worship you..."

"I love you too." He said softly, and he unbuckled his belt, slid down his zip and pushed his cock into my mouth. I sucked and sucked but Jonny wanted me on top, so I sat on his length and he placed his hands on my hips and slid me gently up and down, taking his pleasure with passion but also with gentleness.

We do it like that all the time, I worship him and love him, we do it every way you can imagine, but these days we keep our windows wide open. That's because outside our bedroom the land meets golden sand, and just beyond that, the sea rollls onto the shore like white silk, carried by waves from a warm ocean as blue as Jonny's eyes. There's no one else around and the closest island is fifty miles away (by boat).&nbsp; And I don't care about having no other company. Neither does Jonny. Because he is my one true prince, my master, the man I have loved for half my life, and the man I will love for the rest of my life. 
And this really IS how it ends.




The end



 









&nbsp; 






 




























 

&nbsp;&nbsp; 



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Dorothy Strangelove


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





