BDSM Library - Video Store Slave




Video Store Slave
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Story of how I acquired my first sex slave. 






Video Store Slave
by Sirbootnocka


I have always wanted a sex slave , and I'll explain how I happened to acquire my first.
&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm a great looking black man. I am 5'8" and I'm quite fit, with 15" bicepts and a 34" waist, topped off with a 46" chest. At 42 years old, I have a pretty good body, and look well under my age.

 She worked at the local Family Video store. One of many such stores that grace the corners of midwest thoroughfares. She had shoulder length dirty blonde hair, that always sported a neat and clean appearance. She stood 5'6" and weighed around 150 lbs. She was easy to look at with pouty lips and 34C's, a flat stomach and she had an ass that was perfect! She was FINE and well put together.
&nbsp; 
&nbsp; What made me ask her if she wanted me to take her picture, was barely veiled lust.
She asked me some questions and we started talking about a few of the poses that I would require her to make. She was concerned with discretion, as she didn't want her pics all over the internet. I can understand, as what we were talking about were to be some quite erotic pics.

&nbsp; We made plans for her to meet me at my home, my studio is in my basement, the following week, to give her a chance to back out, if she got nervouse about the whole thing. 

I then left the store, all pretenses at renting movies forgotten.

She arrived at the approved time and was still a little nervous, so I had her drink a glass of wine that my wife enjoys. A tasty red, with a kick.

After which she loosened up some. We talked a little and I could see the aprehension melt off of her as we became more and more acquainted. I cracked a few jokes and poured on the charm and she was like putty in my hands.

 I asked her about if she was ok to try some tame pics to start, and then move on to something a bit more daring. She agreed. 
 
 I was in heaven! 

&nbsp;&nbsp; I really wanted to know how submissive she was, and planned to find out, before this shoot was over.

&nbsp; We went through some of my more tame poses, all the time thinking, what a find she was. She was a natural, and the camera loved her! Then I suggested we take a break and then reconvene with some decidedly sexier clothes on her. She was excited by this point, and asked demurely if we could just continue. I readily agreed! 

&nbsp; You could see the unmistakable lust on my face and I'm sure she could as well, when she came out of my studio restroom with one of the many outfits on,that&nbsp; I had chosen for her to wear. So it seems could she.

 Let me describe the outfit: A tight, clingy, low-cut spagetti strap, red dress, with black fishnet stay-up stockings, with matching garters, and red pumps. No bra. I had had her apply some dicksucking red lipstick, and eyeliner, heavily applied as well as some mascara. 

&nbsp; I had her lie on her stomach and tied her wrists and ankles with white rope, which contrasted nicely with the fishnets.

&nbsp; I told her to put her hands out in front of her and raise her butt up slightly, as if waiting for me to smack it. She did a great job! That picture is still one of my favorites of her.
&nbsp; We went through about thirty more poses and I was about to tell her to call it a day, and I had all but given up&nbsp; on seeing if she was truly submissive, when she hit me with a bombshell. She asked if I would show her what it felt like to be fully bound and under someone else's complete control.

 My dick almost jumped out of my pants!!! 

I, of course, asked her if she was sure that she wanted to go through with that, as there was no turning back, once we got started. She said she was sure and would indeed sign the release I had prepared, just in case I ever had the opportunity.

 As I retreived the release form from my cumputer, she told me that it was one of her most visited and thought about fantasies, to be completely controled and used by a man, and that in search of said control she had run into a bunch of bullies and abusers, one after another. She also informed me that she was single with no kids and didn't plan on having any. She was independently wealthy, as she had a trust fund from her grand-parents, that was worth a cool twenty mil. and her parents died when she was in college and their insurance policies netted her another three and a half mil. She said she only worked at the video store for something to do. She had no need of cash, she had four houses. Estates really. One of which was a beachouse in malibu, and another was large estate in Tampa. 

&nbsp; She signed the release forms and I was ecstatic!

&nbsp; Not only was she beautiful and submisive, but rich as well! If I played my cards right, this may turn out to be more than one hell of a session.

&nbsp; Now I have to say, that I am happily married, but my wife is not submisive, and is supportive of my dominant roleplay, as it makes her life easier.

 I made a command statement to my new slave, to tell her what was now expected of her. " From this point until you leave here today, you no longer have any rights! You are to do exactly as you are told, when you are told, and as soon as you are told!" I continued. " You no longer have a name like other people, free people. You exist solely for my pleasure! If it is my pleasure to whip you, then you will accept whippings. If it is my pleasure to tie you up in compromising positions, then you will allow yourself tobe tied. When I enter the room, you are to immediately and gracefully, fall to your knees, and lace your hands behind your head, with your elbows as far apart as is possible! And you are to remain naked, unless I command you otherwise! Are all of these rules understandable, slave? Now take off those clothes, and let me see what you're working with".

 She rather meekly said " Yes Master".

 My slave took off the offending garments and I was as pleased as a sissy with a bag of dildos! Her body was nothing short of amazing! No scars or blemmishes and you could tell that she tanned in the nude. No lines. 

 I stood looking at her for what seemed like five minutes, but was more like thirty-five seconds, before it dawned on her that she was supposed to be on her knees.
I just waited, in order to to have a reason to punish my new slave. 

 "So..... it took you almost a full minute to realize that you were standing, when I told you that you were to kneel in my presence. I take it I will just have to show you what happens to dis-obediant slaves around here" I said. "Get over here and lay across my lap".I said as I sat down on the sectional. Right on the corner, so that her legs hung just right. Her ass was presented in all it's glory as she did as I commanded.

&nbsp; I rubbed around the outer edges first, to get her ready, then I told her, " You only get twenty-five swats, on each side of your ass, for a total of fifty, for your first punishment, but it will be worse if you don't show me the respect and deference you are required to." 

The first ten were firm, but not hard, so I could judge her tolerance for pain and warm myself up, as well. She took them well and I proceeded to administer the remaining forty, with some rubbing of those deliscious looking globes after every ten swats.

&nbsp; At thirty, she started to squirm and she moaned a bit. At forty she&nbsp; was crying softly, but didn't try to get off my lap. When I reached fifty, she jumped up off my lap and immediately sank to her knees in frint of me and asked if she could speak freely. I said she could.
&nbsp; I was thinking she was going to tell me she was finished and didn't want to continue, but what she said blew me away.
 These were her words. "Master this slave is sorry that she disappointed you by her misbehavior, she was just thinking that she was lucky to have found someone that understands what she needed and was willing to give it to her. This slave assures you that it was not intentional, to misbehave. This slave accepts you punishment as just and fair. Master if you would be pleased to punish this slave further, this slave could not in good conscience, feel abused, or uncared for. Master you have shown me more attention and genuine care, than anyone prior to this slave meeting you. You did not just slap me around like the others, you gave me something to think about, and for that I am pleased. This slave would ask that you Master use me in any way you see fit, for more than just today, and for more than just to take pictures. The only thing that this slave is worried about, is hurting masters wife, and thereby causing master any pain or hassle. I am yours as long as you will have me and all that I have is yours as well. If you wish it master, I will have my lawyers draw up powers of attorney papers and transfer all of my assets over to you as soon as possible."

 I was speechless!

 I sat for what must have been five minutes, just looking at her!

 Finally, I said, "Not so fast, slave. I still have yet to reward you for taking your punishment so well and for your so well thought out and delivered speech."

 Come with me.

 I led her to my tool room and had her help me bring out the bondage bench I made last year and never got a chance to use. I strapped her into it with her hands&nbsp; and ankles cuffed into some velcro wrist cuffs I got from a bondage website. 

The bench itself has a foot rest that raises the knees almost like stirrups. I tied some rope around her knees and looped one end under the seat of the bench and pulled her legs open wide. I then went back into my tool room and came back out with a small gym bag.

 I opened the bag and removed a wand type vibrator, from the same website and came to stand on the right side if her body, now totally opened to me. I plugged in the vibrator and told her that she had to ask permission to cum.

 "You will get many orgasms, but only after you get permission." I said. "Is that clear?"

"Yes Master", She said.

 I turned the vibrator on it's low setting and&nbsp; grabbing a tit, applied it to her right nipple. It stood up like a soldier at attention. I did this for about two minutes. Reaching across her I did the same to the left tit. It too stood at attention. I ran the bulbous end of that vibrator down the center of her chest, to her belly, then lower, slowly, until I reached the top of her pubic mound. I let it stay there fow a few minutes, allowing her to feel the vibrations and making the anticipation build. 
I removed it and went to stand at the end of the bench and I heard an audible sigh. She thought I was stopping. I stepped in between her thighs and gently brought the blunt edge of the vibrator to her wet pussy slit, at the bottom, and rubbed it up and down her pussy lips. Her clean shaven pussy, was splayed wide open for me and&nbsp; the juices were really flowing. There was a small pool of her secretions on the seat of the bench. She was moaning and groaning now, and trying to push that pretty pussy harder onto the vibrator in my hand. I had yet to touch her hard little clit, that was peeking out of it's hood, about a half of an inch. It was a beautiful sight to see. 
&nbsp; 
&nbsp; I played with her like that for&nbsp; awhile, teasing her and then I told her, "You have to ask for and receive permission to cum" once again. "Ye. Ye. Yes Mas.. Masterrrr!" She purred, and panted.

 I knew she was ready, yet something inside of her wanted to hold back the asking to cum. 

 "If you cum without permission, I will punish you like you never even dreamed possible!" I told her. That seemed to do the trick, as I thought it would, and she started to beg.

Mas.. Mast..Master m..m..may your sssla...sssslaave c..c...cum, pleeeeeaaaaase?
Please Master!!!&nbsp; Please.. Lett!!&nbsp; Meee... Cuuuuummm!!!

"You may cum NOW slave", I said, and placed the vibrator right on top of her clit, at the same time as the NOW, in that command.

 She went bullistic!!!!

 Thrashing and screaming, as if I was killing her. 

I got a little scared, there, for a minute, but held my ground, as her body writhed and her muscles strained and the sinews corded in her arms, legs, and abs. She came and came and came. One orgasm after the next, for about three minutes straight.

Then she just collapsed in a heap, as her body gave in and she lost consciousness.

 When she awoke, she was freed of her bonds, and I was holding her in my arms. Hugging her gently to me, until she knew where she was and that she was safe. I then laid her down on the sectional, and let her go to sleep. She needed it after that series of orgasms. I don't think she could have moved if the house was on fire.

 I went to wait on my wife to get home, so we could discuss what we should do about the offer my new slave made to me.



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Sirbootnocka


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





