BDSM Library - Femdom Series 




Femdom Series 
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: He gets a pleasant surprise, the maid is not so lucky. First in a series of femdom stories. 







That was a good day for me. 

I was usually the one bound in a bent-over position with legs spread wide, wrists bound in front, waist secured, for a strapping or caning while Donna the maid watched. Donna enjoyed watching Mistress wield the whippy striating rattan instrument across my helpless bared bottom. My attempts to twist and writhe against my restraints as I received the cane always excited her. I saw it in her eyes as she stood before me with arms folded and a saucy expression on her face. My involuntary shouts every time Mistress whipped the cane across my bottom were sweet music to her. 

Donna occasionally got disciplined by Mistress. She had to raise her skirt and tuck it under her belt, step out of her panties, and bend over with her feet apart, knees together, and hands grasping her ankles. Mistress always used the leather strap with Donna, and made sure her bottom was nice and reddened before she stopped. 

When I got disciplined, Donna always prepared me. On her command I had to strip completely and bend over the structure with my legs spread far apart. Then she tightened a binding strap around my waist, my wrists, and my ankles. After that she fetched the rattan cane and handed it to Mistress. 

My first surprise that day was in the morning. My stomach fluttered when Mistress told me to be in the punishment room at 2 that afternoon. I wondered what I had done to earn discipline, though I did not ask. 

Donna went about her tasks and gave me furtive glances. She didn't tease me with her eyes as she usually did. Often she liked to come to me when Mistress was away and sexually tease me. I never had release from her since Mistress kept a cock cage on me and only allowed me release every few days, mostly by her hand, and occasionally in an all-night liaison as lovers. I sorely wished that Donna could get her comeuppance someday for being such a cock tease. 

I made my way to the discipline room a few minutes before two, and got my second surprise of the day. Donna was the one bent over, completely naked, feet well apart, and bound to the structure! I had never seen her completely naked before. Mistress smiled at me and told me to stand in front of the bound maid. 

"She let a few things slip out in conversation, and then hoped I wouldn't notice. I pretended not to, and did some of my own investigating, and found that she was abusing the authority I gave her. I want you to strip completely. Then bring me the cane, and I'll unlock your cock cage." 

I hurriedly undressed and fetched the whippy rattan instrument that had so often been used on my own bare bottom. Mistress removed my cock cage and I stood in front of Donna. My erect member pointed straight out. 

Donna whispered, "Mistress, please!" when the certainty of her impending punishment became clear. I don't know if she had ever been caned before. When she felt the first stroke, her whole body jerked, then she yelled. Another stroke, and she gritted her teeth. Mistress kept whipping, and Donna tried to suppress her vocal reaction. By the tenth stroke, she freely shouted, and my firm erection showed my arousal. 

Mistress delivered twenty four striations before she stopped. She released Donna's wrists and told me to get closer to the bound maid. Her waist was still bound, her feet spread apart. Her bottom obviously smarted from the caning. 

"Donna, I want you to bring him to ejaculation and collect everything in your hand." 

Donna's feminine hands grasped and stroked my erection and within a minute I squirted days of pent-up seed in her hand. 

"Now clean it all with your mouth," Mistress said to the bound maid. 

Donna's facial expression showed that she did not like the idea. Mistress reached for the cane and whisked it through the air a few times. That was all the motivation she needed, and she licked the sticky substance from her hand. 

"Swallow it!" 

Another expression of distaste as an audible gulp came from her. Then Mistress released her bindings and told her to get dressed. 

That evening after dinner, Mistress told me she wanted to share her bed with me that night. 

When Donna went to her room for the night, Mistress led me to her room. She stripped and sat on the edge of her bed with her legs apart. I knelt before her and performed oral servitude until she climaxed. Then she got on the bed and invited me in. 

"You want to know why I whipped Donna and had her eat your cum," she said. 

"Yes Mistress," I whispered as I slowly pumped. 

"I suspected she'd been teasing you without permission," Mistress related as she put her arms above her head. "She left her diary open once and I read her account of what she regularly did. She has fantasies of feeding you your own cum after popping you off." Then she giggled. 

"Oh, Mistress!" I moaned. 

"She has other fantasies. How do you feel about ejaculating inside a woman and sucking her clean afterward?" 

"Uhnh! Mistress!" I groaned as hot jets of cum spurted uncontrollably through my member into her pussy. 

A few moments later Mistress said, "Clean me." I had my first taste of pussy cream pie. Other times that night, while Donna no doubt slept on her tummy, I experienced the blissful pulsing of ejaculation inside Mistress, followed by the taste of our juices. 

I know that Mistress enjoys that, since she has me suck her clean more often than she relieves my arousal with her hand. One night she told me that she was considering ways to involve Donna in the scene. 

----- This story is copyright 2007 by (rick_oh at onolanke.router5.com). All rights reserved. No reposting without permission. Please see my other stories at http://www.asstr.org/~rick_oh/



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Rick_oh


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





