BDSM Library - Slave\'s Day Out 




Slave\'s Day Out 
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Master takes slave on a day trip, she wonders what\'s in store... 






As the alarm clock went of, she realized that she'd been staring at it for exactly one hour and twenty three minutes.
As she reached over to turn it of, she realized her heartbeat had doubled as she replayed his words form the day before.
'We're taking a little trip out tomorrow, pet. I think you'll enjoy it.'
Replaying the words over in her head, she couldn't tell if she was feeling excitement or anxiety.
'Maybe a little of both,' she decided to herself, as she wondered what the day had in store for her.
Her eyes glanced towards the clock and she cursed as she realized ten minutes had passed.
It was only the start of the day and now she was already behind schedule.
She climbed out of bed and rushed towards the kitchen before starting breakfast.
As she waited for it to cook, she returned to the bedroom to find him still soundly asleep.
She made her way downwards, before taking his cock in her mouth.
After a few minutes she felt him begin to stir and felt him start to harden.
She teased him with her tongue, slowly running the tip over him.
After several more minutes, she felt him tense before he sprayed his load into her mouth, ordering her to swallow.
She obeyed, making sure she got it all, before asking permission to go and finish breakfast.
"You may," he told her.
She did so, and returned a few minutes later with the plates in her hands.
He began to eat and she waited patiently until he told her she could sit down and eat.
When they had finished she returned to the kitchen on his orders, cleaned up and then presented herself to him, knelt by him and head bowed.
"Please may I get dressed, Master?" She asked, for she was still naked from head to foot.
"Yes, you may."
"And please may I use the bathroom, Master?"
He considered for what seemed like an eternity before answering,
"Yes, you may. But make it count. That's the only time you'll be going until further notice."
"Thank you, Master," Was her only response before she left the room.
Around twenty minutes later, she waited by the front door until he joined her and told her to go and get in the car.
She did so, and he followed a few seconds later.
They climbed in and she sat down in the passenger side, leaving her knees about a foot apart.
He smiled to himself as the skirt she was wearing rode up her legs even further.
Though she blushed a little when she realized, she made no effort to pull it back down and he smiled even more, knowing that just a few weeks ago she wouldn't have even sat with her legs apart, much less left her skirt there.
Her training was coming along well.
As they drove, they chatted and laughed about things, until suddenly he went very quiet.
She stared at him, wondering what was wrong.
Finally, he said,
"Did you just forget something?"
She frowned slightly as she went over their conversation.
With a start, she realized she'd forgotten to address him.
"I'm sorry, Master," she mumbled.
He was silent for a few minutes and she waited anxiously, knowing he was thinking of a suitable punishment.
Finally he said,
"Drop the skirt."
She tried to hide the shock she felt upon hearing his words.
He knew how much she hated showing her body in public, was he really going to make her do it here?
"Now," he said harshly, interrupting her thoughts.
She slowly lowered her skirt and watched it fall to the car floor.
She wondered if she could feel any more exposed.
She soon got her answer when a few seconds later he pulled the car to a stop and ordered her out.
She glanced from him to the skirt, and he answered her unspoken question.
"Exactly how you are."
He climbed from the car, leaving her in shocked silence.
He waited a few seconds before heading round to her side.
She had spoken to him in the past how uncomfortable she felt showing her body in public, and he knew she felt awkward and embarrassed, so he had no idea how she would react to his order.
He had been slowly getting her used to becoming more comfortable in public, but as he waited for her to get out he began to wonder if she was ready.
After what seemed like hours to him, but in reality was only minutes, the car door opened and he breathed a quiet sigh of relief as she slowly got out.
Normally, he would punish her for taking so long but he was pleased that she was pushing past her boundaries and so decided to waive it.
He glared at her, before ordering her to bend over the bonnet of the car.
She did so slowly, her embarrassment rising.
He noticed a few passersby staring and knew that she had seen them as well.
He stood behind her, savoring the moment.
As time passed, she became more and more uncomfortable, and finally turned her head just like he knew she would.
Her eyes met his and he gestured for her to revert back into position.
"You can have an extra ten for moving," He informed her coldly.
She made no reply and again he waited silently.
This time though she stayed still and when the first one connected with her ass he had to give her credit for she barely flinched.
"What do you say, slut?"
"One. Thank you, Master." She said quietly.
He brought his hand down again, this time a little harder.
"Two. Thank you, Master."
He delivered thirty strokes in total, twenty for failing to address him and ten for moving.
She counted each one, thanking him each time. She was well aware from past experience that if she didn't thank him or lost count he would start over.
The fact that she was being punished in such an open place, along with the cool air and the fact that he hit harder each time caused it not only to sting more than usual, but as the embarrassment crept over her, her emotions were a jumbled mess.
They became even more so when his hand slid down to her crotch and he whispered the words,
"You're soaking wet. In."
She hurried back to the car and sat down slowly, wishing she could avoid putting any pressure on her red ass but it was to no avail, for he had made sure not one piece of her bottom had gotten away unscathed.
He smiled to himself as he saw her grimace slightly as she sat down.
"Master, I-" she began, as he resumed driving, but he cut her of abruptly.
"Were you given permission to talk?"
"No, Master," She said quietly, now aware he thought she hadn't been punished enough yet.
"You speak when spoken to. Understood?"
"Yes, Master."
"For that little mishap..."he tugged on her underwear.
"Remove these."
She stared at him, stunned.
Could a person reach an overload of embarrassment? she wondered.
She realized he was still waiting, and eager not to be punished any further, she slowly slipped of her underwear, leaving her naked from the waist downward.
"Hands on head," he said.
She did so slowly, feeling sillier every second.
After ten minutes he took pity on her and informed her she could get dressed.
"thank you, Master," she said gratefully.
"Now are you going to be a good girl?" he asked.
"yes, Master," she replied in a small voice.
Punishment over, the atmosphere cleared and they resumed laughing and talking.
Not to long after, he pulled up to a stop and she realized they were at the beach.
As he ordered her out of the car, she felt her heart pace double, wondering what was in store.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;*


Part Two To Follow.











Chapter Two

As they walked towards the shimmering sea, hand in hand, the sun upon their faces, her face broke into a huge smile.
Never before had she felt so loved, so carefree.
They reached the water after several minutes and a moment of silence passed between them.
Finally, he spoke.
"Take out the butt plug."
She glanced at him in surprise.
"Here, Master?"
"Yes."
Her eyes flicked around the beach.
While there wasn't many people there, there was enough for her cheeks to start to redden.
"Lift your skirt, remove your underwear and take it out," He ordered.
She blushed again and stood quite still for several seconds.
He sighed in annoyance.
"Do you need a reminder of what happens if you don't obey?"
"NO, Master," She replied softly.
"Good. I'm waiting."
Ever so slowly, she began to remove her clothes, starting with her underwear.
He smiled to himself at her attempt to remain covered up for as long as possible and to keep her dignity intact.
Slowly but surely, her skirt came of.
She reached round to take the butt plug out, her eyes on the floor, praying that nobody was watching her.
Once she'd removed the object, he ordered her to place it, along with her skirt, on the nearby steps.
When she returned to him, he tilted her face upwards so that she was staring into his eyes.
"Take so long to follow an order again and I'll make you crawl up and down this beach a hundred times wearing nothing but your collar. Understand?"
"Yes, Master," She said meekly.
"Good. Now get your ass in there." He gestured toward the sea.
She did so immediately, feeling her top cling to her skin as it became wet.
He stripped down to his swimming shorts which he'd put on before getting dressed and joined her.
Once in the water, he pulled her closr to him and softly ran his fingers over her cunt.
She giggled, his hand mixed with the water created what felt like a thousand different sensations.
"Keep still," He ordered, as he pushed two fingers inside her.
She moaned softly, trying to widen her legs.
After a few minutes she felt him slip another two fingers in, followed by his thumb.
She realized what his plan was and bit her lip to stop herself from saying anything.
Soon after, she felt like her insides were being streched apart, yet as she felt him starting to fist her she couldn't help herself shivering with pleasure.
Her breathing intensified and she closed her eyes.
Seconds before she came, he withdrew his hand and her eyes opened.
"You can come when you deserve it." He told her.
Knowing better than to press him, she simply responded,
"Thank you, Master."
He took her hand and guided it toward his cock.
Knowing what was expected of her, she tugged down his shorts and began to wank him.
After several minutes, he shot his load and then proceeded to tell her to get out and put her underwear back on but leave the skirt.
She did so, and he placed the butt plug in her hand, on top of the skirt.
"I want you to carry this back to the car, in full view of everyone here."
"Yes, Master."
They began to walk back and as a few guys wolf whistled, she realized not only was the butt plug visible, but the top she was wearing went see through when wet.
As she wasn't allowed to wer a bra, everything was visible.
Her embarresment mounted, yet she couldn't help noticing that she was beginning to get slightly wet again.
Once they made it back to the car he ordered her into the back and followed close behind, before positioning her so that she was on her hands and knees, face pressed into the seat, ass in the air.
Without lube, he slid his cock into her ass and she gritted her teeth.
She always felt that it hurt going in but once in it felt to good for her to be bothered by the pain.
As he began to enthusiastically thrust away, she realized with a start that he hadn't even closed the car door.
He was fucking her ass like a good and proper slut , and it was available for anyone walking by to see.
Doing her best to ignore this fact, she soon got into thr rhythm of things and felt her own pleasure mounting as he pumped away.
She begged him for it harder, faster, rougher, to treat her like the slut she was, and she couldn't help smiling when he reached out and grabbed her hair, and began smacking her ass, hard.
He finished and shot his load, and she went to remove it where he'd sprayed it on her until he told her to leave it and stand up.
She dropped her hand immediately and got out of the car.
She was stunned to find a guy watching them, the bukge in his pants obvious.
She noticed a camera around his neck and realized he must be a tourist.
Glancing at her Master, she saw he'd noticed the guy as well.
"Enjy the show?" He asked conversationally.
The guy's eyes lingered on her, naked from the waist down, covered in His sperm, and her t-shirt clinging to her, showing of everything underneath, and she fought the urge to cover herself up.
He turned toward her Master, and seemed unsure if he was joking.
When he realized he was actually waiting for an answer, the guy smiled slowly and responded, 
"Hell yes."
His eyes on the camera, her Master smirked.
"How about some pictures?"
After a stunned silence, again he realized her Master was being serious and nodded enthusiasically.
Her Master turned to her.
"Pose, pet."
Fighting of the humiliation, she did as she was told.
Each pose was more degrading than the last.
They had her stood, legs spread and hands on head, followed with crouching down but keeping her legs open.
Intimately playing with herself followed these and then putting the butt plug back in, before placing her mouth on Master's cock.
Trying to ignore the click, click, click of the camera, she concentrated and before to long he pulled out and came on her face, ordering her to leave it there and smile for the camera.
Her Master retrieved the vibrator from the car and passed it to her, telling herself to make herself happy.
She did her best to concentrate and it wasn't long before she came.
That to, was captured on camera.
Finally they had her stood against the car, while her Master attached a lead to her collar and then gagged her with her own underwear before he ordered her to squat and pee.
She did so, humiliation and degradation washing over her in waves as she felt the warm pee trickle down her legs.
The guy went crazy at this, furiously taking picture after picture.
Between them, they had her pose for over a hundred pictures.
Noticing that the boy's bulge was now at straining point, he ordered her to wank him.
She tugged his pants and boxers down and did so.
He was clearly over excited and it didn't take long for him to come, also spraying over her face.
She flinched in distaste, but also kept that there when her Master ordered her to.
"Well, you are a good little fuck slut," the guy commented.
Forcing back a retort, she replied,
"Thank you, Sir," and he laughed.
"Time to go, pet. Crawl to the car."
She did so, noticing that even though she was cloaked in humiliation, her cunt was on fire and she longed for her Master to take her there and then.
Crawling into the car, she looked at him as he said,
"Well done. You did really well. Now let's get a move on. There's lots to do."



Chapter Three To Follow











As he booked them in at reception, she saw the receptionist glancing repeatedly at her, no doubt wondering how she had gotten into such a state. Thankfully, she had the good grace not to say anything, instead handing them their keys with a bright smile.
"Enjoy your stay!" she chirped.
She followed him to their room where he ordered her to clean up and she gratefully stepped into the shower. She re appeared half an hour later to find him unpacking an overnight case, which he must have retrieved from the car while she was showering. He turned to her when he heard the bathroom door open and immediately ordered her to drop the towel that she had wrapped herself in. She did so without hesitation and he gestured for her to make her way over to him. She placed herself at his feet, eyes and head downward, and he tugged on her hair gently, guiding her mouth toward his dick. She managed to undo the zipper on his jeans with her teeth without too much difficulty before taking him in her mouth. She'd made the mistake of using her hands without permission in the past and had no desire to be punished again. It wasn't long before he came, shooting his load into her mouth. She swallowed quickly.
When he'd finished, he ordered her to get dressed and pointed to the clothes he'd lay across the bed. She realized straight away that he'd pulled out the shortest dress that she owned and cringed slightly but nonetheless went and slipped into it. She proceeded to put on the heels that he'd left at the foot of the bed. He smiled slightly to himself before speaking.
"We're going for dinner. You have an hour to prepare yourself. I have things to do. You'll find everything you need in there," he nodded toward the bag and without another word left the room.
She stood slowly, unsure of what was going on and made her way over to the bag, finding an array of make up and hair products, before setting to work.

He returned around an hour and a half later, to find her kneeling with her back to the door, hands clasped behind her back and head bowed, and he smiled to himself, realizing how far she'd come in such a short amount of time. 
"Up," He ordered.
She stood, her eyes locking with his as she did so, hoping he was pleased with the effort. He took in her appearance. Her carefully made up face was a picture of innocence, and the mascara and eye liner she'd applied somehow made her blue eyes look smoky and seductive yet simultaneously emphasizing the aqua flecks. Her lips shone brightly and her entire face was flawless. Her hair cascaded in looped curls around her shoulders, while the white dress she was wearing hugged her body in all the right places. Despite the fact that the dress barely covered her ass, she looked amazing in every way.
"Nice," He told her.
She smiled widely at the compliment, before following him out of the room and down to the hotel's dining area. As he guided her to their table, he was aware of both male and female throwing admiring glances her way and fought to hide a smug smile. No doubt that most of the people here thought they were partners, they would never understand how deep their relationship ran, that they loved each other in a much more meaningful way than they knew existed. As he saw more than one male's eyes light up as they walked by, he wondered what they would think if they knew not only did he have her, but he owned her, in mind body and soul.
He allowed himself another smile when they reached their table. As they sat down, he casually placed his hand under the table, discovering she was wearing no underwear.
"You remembered," He said, slightly surprised. "Good girl. Now, keep your legs at least two feet apart while we're in here."
At first it looked as though she was going to protest, but then she simply did as he told her. While they were waiting for their orders to arrive, another man slipped in beside her and she frowned slightly when they greeted each other like old friends. She listened without really paying attention, wondering what the man was doing there when she felt his hand rest on her leg before slowly climbing up her thigh. Her eyes met her Master's and she relaxed a little when she saw the love in his eyes. The stranger's hand continued climbing up her thigh, finally resting on her cunt. Without warning, he plunged into her most intimate part. She wasn't prepared, or even slightly wet, and she fought back a gasp of pain. As he began to thrust in and out, she felt her body slowly start to respond. As she became wetter, he slipped another finger in, then another. Finally he had all four fingers in and as he worked on her she felt herself thrusting up to meet him, small moans escaping from her lips.
"Remember you're not to come without permission, pet," Her Master reminded her.
Realizing she'd closed her eyes, she opened them and replied,
"Yes Master."
The man took this as a signal to work even faster, commenting,
"Well, this one is a well trained bitch."
Her Master simply smiled.
Their food arrived and she did her best to act normally while the waiter laid the plates on the table. She felt her pleasure mounting and as he left she whispered,
"Please may I come, Master?"
"No." He replied.
She clenched her teeth, forcing herself to relax and the man suddenly removed his hand. She fought back the urge to cry out, the urge to relieve herself overwhelming. In silence they began eating. After a few minutes, her Master resumed talking.
"Pet, Ryan is having a party tonight. You're going to go with him."
She raised her eyes to his, sensing that he hadn't finished.
"You're going to be the entertainment," He informed her.
Her eyes widened slightly as the implication of his words sunk in. Sensing her distress, he added,
"You may not like some of the things that will be done to you. However, remember that I want you to do this. You wont be in any danger, but if you feel you are Ryan knows your safe word. Make me proud, pet." He finished.
She struggled to get her thoughts together before whispering a shaky,
"Yes Master.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;*
As Ryan led her into his hotel room she fought the urge to bolt back into her Master's arms. He wanted her to do this and she wanted more than anything to make him proud and prove that she was worthy of him. The door closed behind them and she was left standing behind Ryan.
"I know this is new for you, but you'll be safe the entire time okay?" He said, almost kindly.
She nodded silently.
As he led her down the hall she could hear music coming from another room and several voices, causing her to swallow hard. Ryan pushed the door open and she saw a group of guys drinking and laughing. They fell silent when she entered the room behind Ryan, who smiled and said,
"Entertainment's here."
There were a few whoops and she blushed.
"First things first, let's get you into something more comfortable," Ryan declared, pushing her toward the bathroom. 
She found clothes hung on the door and blanched when she saw it was a skimpy maid's outfit that left nothing to the imagination. Sighing resolutely, she changed and made her way back to the boys.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;*
Sometimes later, she found herself stood against the wall, hands on head, legs spread apart. watching them play a hand of poker. As the winner of the hand stood up she realized what they were playing for. The winner of the hand made his way over to her and gripped her hair, forcing her onto her knees before proceeding to fuck her mouth.
"Swallow it slut," He ordered.
She did so, noticing that the rest of them were already playing the next hand. By the time the first had finished, the next was waiting to take his place.
"Stay where you are," He told her.
He slowly undid his jeans and she prepared herself for another mouth fucking. When it didn't happen she glanced up at him in confusion and he chose that moment to piss all over her hair and face. She blinked, her humiliation rising as she felt it trickle down her face. She barely had time to breathe before the third guy was stood in front of her. He smirked.
"Lee was nice. I'm not."
She was confused until he demanded she open her mouth and proceeded to piss directly into it, ordering her to swallow every drop. She thought of her Master and managed to take it all. Suddenly it was Ryan who was stood in front of her. He led her to the table and placed her face down, lifting the ridiculously short skirt over her waist before he took her roughly up the ass. She cried out in pain, unprepared. One of the others immediately slapped a gag across her mouth.
"Do you have permission to talk slut?" He asked, referring to her cries of pain and she shook her head.
As Ryan pounded away she felt someone give her ass a few hard slaps, and she cried out again, thankfully muffled by the gag. Finally he pulled out of her and she breathed a sigh of relief as he stood her up.
"Go and get cleaned up." He told her. "But don't be to long, there's lots to do."
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;*
She woke the next morning to discover that come was plastered to her hair and face, and almost every inch of her body. She looked around from her spot on the floor hoping to see her clothes but had no luck. She glanced up to see Ryan watching her from his position on the bed, a smile on his face.
"Well you were a good little slut last night weren't you?" He commented.
She blushed slightly as images began to return to her. After a shower, she'd sucked each guy in turn, every one of them ordering her to swallow. Straight after that a number of them had decided they wanted to fuck her stupid, mercilessly pounding away at her tender pussy. It wasn't long before the rest of them decided to get in on the action, many of them taking her ass, several hands spanking her at the same time. As everybody became more and more excited, two of them had decided they wanted to fuck her at the same time, causing her to be doubly penetrated while another played with her clit and another fucked her mouth. This had been followed by one of them attaching clamps to her nipples, something her Master rarely did to her knowing how much she disliked them. After what felt like several hours of severe nipple torture to her they had finally released the clamps, and she'd then found herself bent over a chair, hands tied to each back leg and feet tied to each front let, successfully restraining her and keeping her open wide and raised. Each guy had spanked her fifty times, putting on another fifty if she'd moved, which she'd only done twice. She'd learned to stay still very quickly and take it, and by the time they'd finished tears were streaming down her face while her ass was red raw and on fire, and she was almost hysterical with the need to come, something that wasn't allowed once throughout the whole night.
She'd finally been allowed to lie down and sleep, and despite the floor being so uncomfortable, she'd fallen asleep almost instantly, exhausted by the nights events. Just then there was a knock at the door and Ryan went to answer it, reappearing shortly with her Master.
"Stand," Her Master ordered and she complied immediately.
He gazed at her from head to foot, taking in her disheveled appearance. They began talking between themselves and she saw Ryan slip something into the VCR. She almost stopped breathing when she realized it was the events from the previous night. She realized the camera must have already been in place, as she hadn't seen anyone set it up after she'd arrived. Silently they watched it and as the tape came to an end she realized that she was soaking wet. Judging from the expressions on her Master's and Ryan's face, they were well aware of it. Her Master smiled and beckoned her over, bending her over his knee so that he could inspect her still red ass properly. He smiled when he saw it, still so obviously sore and tender, before landing a few well placed smacks causing her to squeal. 
Without further ado, he undid his jeans and slipped his dick inside her, before starting to rhythmically pound away. She didn't care that Ryan was watching, only that her Master let her come, she needed it badly after how many times it had been denied to her the night before, and how many times several of the guys brought her to the edge before stopping. Finally, with his permission, she came.
"Did you enjoy last night pet?"
She thought about telling him that she'd felt revolted, but the more she thought about it, she realized that while she had revolted at first by the end of the night she'd been thoroughly enjoying herself and hadn't wanted it to end.
"Yes Master." She whispered.
"I thought you would,"
"Master..." she said with a playful tone.
"Yes pet?" He smirked, sure he knew what was coming.
"When can we do it again?"






Review This Story
 || Email Author:  jenni


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





