BDSM Library - Jane\'s Fantasy Fulfilled 




Jane\'s Fantasy Fulfilled 
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Wife\'s desire for a public spanking is fulfilled. 






Jane&#8217;s Fantasy Fulfilled


My wife Jane and I enjoy a very satisfying sexual life. It may be kinky to some, but we enjoy spanking as a part of our play. I'm the top and Jane is the bottom, and a very lovely bottom she is. I'm sure it would come as quite a surprise to Jane's very prestigious law firm to know that one of their most popular and professional attorneys can often be found with her skirt hiked up to her waist, her panties around her ankle's and her bottom cheeks subjected to hair brush or paddle. We've often wondered what clients and fellow lawyers might think if they knew that Jane was taking a deposition with a very hot recently spanked bottom.
 
Shortly after we were married, Jane confided to me that she had a secret fantasy of being spanked in public. She related an experience that took place when she was twelve years old. Jane had stolen something from a neighbor, and when her Aunt (who had raised her with a very strict hand) found out about the theft, she marched a very frightened Jane over to the neighbor's house to apologize for the theft. Seems the whole family was present for Jane's encounter. Father, Mother, two pre-teen girls and a fifteen year old son. A tearful Jane was made to stand before everyone and confess her crime and ask for forgiveness. Jane's eyes widened in horror as her Aunt then announced that Jane would get a spanking in front of everyone right then. Asking to borrow a kitchen spatula and chair, Jane's Aunt hauled a wailing and protesting twelve year over her lap and proceeded to strip off Jane's shorts and panties. She then received a blistering on her little bare bottom the likes of which she wouldn't forget for a long time. Kicking her legs and trashing about, Jane gave everyone quite a show of all her girlish charms. When the spanking was over, Jane (with no show of modesty) jumped up and howling did a dance as she madly rubbed her scarlet bottom cheeks, but the worst was yet to come. Jane's Aunt grabbed her niece by the ear and marched her home, no shorts, no panties, just a bawling girl running beside her Aunt clutching at her well spanked bottom cheeks and naked from the waist down.
 
Jane shared that while it was the most humiliating experience of her life, it also did something to her sexually and in remembering the scene and the later teasing of the fifteen year old son and the other children who had seen her led home "bare twat" naked, it turned her on. She said she spent many a night masturbating about the event.
 
Anyway, since that time my lovely wife has harbored a secret desire to get another public spanking. Of course I wanted to help her realize her fantasy, but I wasn't sure how to make it happen. When you are a well known Attorney in town, you don't sell tickets door to door for a public spanking of yourself. And, while it is a turn on for me to contemplate taking my pretty wife over my knee and lowering her panties for a dose of the belt at the neighborhood mall, it isn't the most realistic of a plan. I needed something that would fulfill Jane's every dream and at the same time preserve hers and my reputation. Finally, I came up with a plan.
 
I worked everything out to the last detail. I told Jane to take a particular day off work and to be ready to leave by 4:00 in the morning. She was to place her shoulder length hair in a pony tail (which had the effect of making her look like a teenager) and to wear a summer dress with no bra and only cotton bikini panties underneath, the ones with "Friday" and the little heart printed on the crotch. I had acquired a fake mustache for myself and a baseball cap that would disguise my identity. Jane was all questions, wanting to know what was happening, but I just let her wonder (in spanking play anticipation is half the experience). We started out at 4:00 AM because we had to drive about 300 miles to our destination. It would take us five hours to get there and we were to arrive with about 20 minutes to spare.
 
Jane was getting really persistent as we drove, asking a lot of questions about what was going to happen. "You are going to get the spanking of your life, young lady," I said as I watched a flush come over Jane's pretty face. "Pull your dress up to your waist and part your legs," I ordered. Jane protested, but a little slap on her left thigh told her to comply with my wishes, and she drew the summer dress up to her waist revealing the cotton bikini panties that hugged her body. With my right hand I cupped the mound of her sex and my fingers played with her slit through the crotch of her panties. "I've got a spanking planned for you Jane that you will never forget. Imagine, your bare bottom blistered in front of at least 300 people." I could feel her tense with that revelation. "How??," Jane stammered. She was getting very wet as my fingers folded the cotton into her groove. "Wait, and you'll see," I taunted.
 
We were soon across the state line and into the neighboring state where no one knew us from Adam. We drove into the country with beautiful rolling hills and large oak trees. Finally I turned off the highway and onto a Farm Road and we drove another 15 miles into the country where there was nothing for miles around. I parked the car and told Jane to get out. As I removed a bag from he back seat I saw Jane just standing and looking perplexed. "Chris, what the hell is going on?" she wanted to know. "We have arrived my lovely wife," I said, "just leave your dress in the car." "What!!," Jane protested, "what if someone sees me!!!" ( It really amazes me, here we are out in the middle of nowhere, nothing in sight for miles, and she is worried about being seen) Anyway, with a little encouragement from me Jane is soon out of her dress and standing only in her delicious little panties, her pretty titties full and sporting two very erect nipples. The crotch of her panties is molded to the shape of her sex and reveals the tender division of her vulva. Damm, she looked good.
 
Reaching into the backseat, I removed the paddle I had placed on the seat and told Jane to turn around. "Move, young lady," I said and the paddle kissed her beautiful bottom. "OW!!" Jane chimed. We walked for about a half a mile and arrive at a little hill with a large tree. I told Jane to stop.
 
Spreading a blanket on the ground, I ordered Jane to remove her panties and stand facing north. Jane slipped her thumbs into the elastic of the cotton bikini's and drew them down over her bottom and legs, stepping out of them she was now totally naked and quite beautiful. "I've got some things I need to prepare," I told her. I placed the paddle on the blanket and reaching into the bag, I removed a wooden spatula. Just then Jane turned to face me and said, "Chris, I want to know right now what's going on? I feel like an idiot." My answer to the naked Jane was to flick the wooden spatula wickedly between her legs, the wood slapping effectively on the plump shaved vulva. "YOWWWIEEEE!!," Jane yelped. Bending slightly her hands flew to her stinging pussy pouch and she rubbed herself frantically. "I've had about enough of your insolence young lady," I stated. "Now I want you to stand on that blanket and don't you move. I want your legs parted and I want you to take hold of your nipples and lift those titties in the air and hold them until I tell you that you can let them down, NOW!!," I ordered. Jane was quick to respond, taking a firm hold on her rigid nipples and lifting her titties. "Higher," I demanded. Jane tugged at her pretty boobs, their heaviness sagging under the pinched nipples. "Don't let go Jane, or you'll wear nipple clamps to work for the next month," I threatened. Jane winced as she held her titties in the air.
 
As Jane stood in this position, I finished the preparation. I set up a video camera on a tripod behind the tree so that it couldn't be easily seen, but would record all that I wanted. I focused the camera on my lovely wife standing naked in the sun, her fetching bottom cheeks round and full. I began to film. "Turn around Jane," I ordered and she turned to face me, still holding on tight to her nipples. I could see that she was getting tired and the grimace on her face revealed that she was struggling to keep her titties up. I panned down her petite body and came in for a close up of her luscious shaved sex. Hairless, it resembled that of a young girl. A slight pinkness showed on her plump vulva from the slap it had received. I detected a trace of glistening between her two lips. Jane has one of the most beautiful pussy mounds I've ever seen, beautiful soft thick lips. A pouting plump vulva prominent between her legs.
 
I told Jane that she could drop her boobs and she heaved a sigh of relief and a sharp exclamation of pain as her pinched buds began to recover. In the distance I heard a rumbling. Imitating Johnny Cash I began to sing, "I hear that train a coming, coming round the...." The look on Jane's face was one I'll never forget, a mixture of absolute fright and intense excitement. Her eyes widened as large as saucers as suddenly everything became crystal clear.
 
Jane had failed to notice the train tracks about 50 yards away. She looked at me with shock as I approached and cupped her titties in my hands, my fingers playing with her pinched nipples. "You can't be serious!," she cried. "Jane," I said trying to reassure her, "I've checked everything out, there's not way they can stop the train and even if they call someone, by the time they get here we'll be long gone. Your fantasy is going to come true big time. I've done my homework and there are at least five passenger cars on that train." I gave my trembling wife a lingering kiss which she returned. "Now we better hurry or we'll miss it," I stated. "Get down on your knees with your face pressed against the blanket. They may be able to see a little of your face but not much, certainly not enough to recognize you. Oh, and make sure your legs are parted, I want everyone to see what a beautiful snatch you have." Jane moved quickly and was soon in place, her bottom thrust into the air, her knees about eight inches apart and her plump bald vulva nicely sliced and prominent between her thighs. I donned the fake mustache and cap and picking up the paddle knelt at Jane's side. Wrapping my left arm around her waist, I lifted the paddle in the air.
 
As the train approached it had to come around a bend that allowed the engineer and passengers a preview of the landscape ahead. They had about one minute to prepare for what would be a birds eye view of Jane getting spanked. In the distance I saw the engineer gawking and then heard the shrill whistle of the train. I began to paddle Jane's wonderful naked bottom cheeks. The paddle fell rapidly alternating from one globe to another. Jane for her part really got into the action and struggled in my grasp, twisting her bottom and acting every bit the unrepentant spanked child. Jane isn't know to be a big crier, but for this occasion she mustered everything she had and howled like a banshee. Even with the roar of the train, I'm sure everyone could hear Jane shriek, "YOWWWWIIIEEEE, NOOOOOO, OW OW OW OWWWIEEEE!!! MY BOTTOM IT BURNS, IT BURRRRNNNNSSSS!!! By the time the passenger cars began to pass, Jane's bottom cheeks were a bright red and she was bawling like a naughty girl.
 
Since I knew that I would be busy with Jane's bare bottom cheeks, and Jane would be concerned with the burning in that region, neither of us would be in the position to access the reaction of the startled passengers. Thus the reason for the video camera which faithfully recorded every delicious moment. I'm surprised the train didn't tip over because every passenger must have been on that side of the train with their eyes glued to the windows and fighting for a look. Young and old alike, they eagerly took in the scene. Some of the men had lowered the windows and were yelling, "Give it to her" and "Blister that bottom." Jane put on quite a show, thrusting her naked bottom, all ablaze, at the eyes of the young boys who eagerly devoured the womanly puckered lips nestled between her reddened thighs. Many of the girls and women who watched betrayed with their eyes that they knew all too well what Jane was experiencing. Some of the older women fought to pry their young children's eyes away from the scene, while other elderly women smiled and enjoyed the scene.
 
As the train began to move away from Jane, I could see men and women running to the caboose in order to get one last look at the frantic spanked girl. The platform at the end of the train was filled with people. I threw the paddle down and picking up the wooden spatula I set to work on Jane's tender sex. A great roar of approval and applause erupted from the train as I spanked Jane directly on her protruding pussy lips with the spatula. A ear splitting high pierced scream came from Jane's mouth, "IIIIIEEEEEEEEEE, YOWWWWWWWWWWW, NOOOOOO, NOT THERE, NOT THEREEEE!!! NOT BETWEEN MY LEGGGGGSSSS!!! OOOWWWWIEEEEE!!!!," she screamed as I whipped the spatula on her most private tender spot, providing her labia with a sting that was sure to last a good while. "Go for it man," the men yelled from the train. Some of the women watching could be seen subconsciously clamping their hands over their crotch's as their bulging eyes took in and their reeling minds spoke of the sting Jane was surly experiencing and which they could well understand. As the train pulled out of sight the wooden spatula continued kissing Jane's swollen labia sending juice splattering in every direction.
 
The train was barely out of sight before I had my pants off and plunged my hard erection into Jane's steaming twat. We both agreed that we experienced some of the best sex ever. On the ride home Jane thanked me over and over again for bringing her fantasy to life. "It was such a great beginning," Jane said kissing me on the cheek. "Wh-what do you mean, beginning," I stammered looking at her confused. "Oh honey, I just know you'll come up with another great public spanking!!," she cooed. "Oh no!!," I thought, and then Jane reached down and unzipped my pants and laid her head in my lap.
 
The End.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Crackdancer


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





