BDSM Library - Brianna, Benson & Hedges Baby !




Brianna, Benson & Hedges Baby !
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Brianna is a late teen slave owner...she wants what she wants and she takes it and she smokes Benson & Hedges Menthol 100's! 






Brianna Martin-Jackson and her wife Tina live in bliss. The duo have been married just for over a year, but they have created an empire! 
Brianna, as child growing in the late '90's, discovered she loved training the family dog. She so enjoyed being in control and seeing her commands obeyed. 
She loved the way a dog could be taught to follow directions...given by HER...and that her commands were obeyed by a male dog especially delighted her.
Brianna had several compulsions...one of them being smoking; by the age of 12, she was a chainsmoker. She had started by stealing her mom's Virginia Slims Menthols and once she was hooked, simply told her mother she now smoked and because she was a persuasive girl, her parents allowed her to smoke.
Brianna was a bold person and, as children under the age of 18 could not buy cigarettes, legally, by the time she reached the age of 13, she found a cunning way to obtain a fake driver's license that showed her age as 18 and she loved having the freedom to purchase cigarettes on her own.
For awhile, she stayed with her the brand her mom smoked, but she eventually started trying new ones and within a month, she had became a regular Benson &amp; Hedges Menthol 100's smoker.
By her 13th birthday, Brianna was smoking two packs of Benson &amp; Hedges Menthol 100's a day, much to her parents concern.
The family pet was an indoor dog. But Brianna decided she wanted a dog that would belong to her- be her property- and her parents allowed her to get a large pit bull puppy. Brianna wanted the pooch to live in an outdoor kennel and, after Brianna's mother basically ordered her father to do it, he built an outdoor cage for the pet.
Brianna was delighted that the pet was caged outdoors and with her training, became a slave to her commands.
Brianna loved sitting and chatting with her mom and her mom's girlfriends and Brianna's friends, too. She delighted in sitting and smoking long cigarettes in the company of women. 
One of her mother's friends, a thirty-something woman named Trista, especially turned her on. Trista smoked Marlboro Lights Menthol 100's.
She was determined to change that.
'Being the late '90's, Brianna used the internet, which she was savvy on, to find out more about Trista.
She found her on a site about "bi-curious" females and was giddy with joy!; Trista WOULD be hers!
Brianna started hanging at Brianna's house and they became real friends...Trista loved having her friend's daughter over and delighted as the pair would sit, smoke and chat. Brianna, meanwhile, was plotting...
She wanted to convert Trista into the dedicated Benson &amp; Hedges Menthol 100's smoker that she was...
One day, while Brianna and Trista were sitting around and smoking, Brianna steered the conversation to her "self image." Brianna told Trista that she was the only girl she knew that smoked Benson &amp; Hedges Menthol 100's and all her friends didn't and it made her feel inferior. In honesty, Brianna couldn't have cared less who smoked Benson &amp; Hedges Menthol 100's, but she was plotting a course.
So she acted out like it was troubling her and Trista, in an act of trying to help her, said, "Well, Bri, let me try one of those babies...if you love 'em there must be something good about them."
(Pretending to) cry, Brianna offered up her metallic green pack of Benson &amp; Hedges Menthol 100's and Trista grabbed one and lit up.
"Darling!" Trista said, "these rock! I'm almost out of cigs! Let's go to the store and I'm gonna get me some of these Bensons!"
On the way to the store, Brianna continued to act distraught, but was delighted to note that Trista asked her for another B&amp;H Menthol on the way.
"Shit!" Trista said as she inhaled the B&amp;H Menthol, "What have I been missing? I LOVE THESE! You have good taste, Bri!"
At the store, Brianna waited in the car and saw Trista walk out with TWO cartons of Benson &amp; Hedges Menthol 100's.
"Hey, Babe!" Trista said, getting into the car, "I owe ya for turning me onto these Bensons! Here's a carton for you!"
Back at Trista's house, Brianna stayed longer than usual, on purpose, and, as they chatted and smoked their B&amp;H Menthols, Brianna noted how late (and dark) it had become and noted that she was too tired to walk home.
"Girl," Trista said, "Just stay over! We'll call Terri (Brianna's mom) and tell her! Then let's go get a movie at Blockbuster and make it a girls night out!"
After the call, Brianna and Trista jumped into Trista's car and headed off to the video store, both brandishing B&amp;H Menthols...
At the store, while they browsed the aisles, Brianna mentioned to Trista, "You know, there's a movie I've always wanted to see...I'm embarassed to tell you..."
Trista turned maternal and told Brianna, "You NEVER have to be embarassed about ANYTHING with me, doll!"
That said, Brianna led Trista to the video box for a movie called "The Incredibly True Adventures Of Two Girls In Love."
"Hmmm..." Trista said (as Brianna noticed her eyes pop as she murmured it), "That looks interesting! Let's get it!"
Outside of the store, both of them grabbed their purses and their packs of B&amp;H Menthols and got a cigarette and lit up; they exchanged glances of satisfaction.
At Trista's house, they watched the movie for a few minutes and then Trista mentioned that she wanted a glass of wine...
"Can I tell you a secret, girlfriend?" Brianna said, acting demur.
"Always, Bri," Trista said, "Always."
"Well, have you ever smoked weed?" Brianna said.
"Yeah, but not for a while," Trista said, "'You got some?"
Which delighted Brianna!
"Yeah," Brianna said, "'Wanna smoke while we have some wine?"
Brianna's comment made it clear that she wanted some wine and she was happy to see that Trista didn't even flinch.
While Trista poured two glasses of wine in the kitchen, Brianna loaded and lit her pop pipe.
The two were soon kicking it with wine and passing the pipe back-and-forth and enjoying the movie. The lesbian relationship within was obviously having its desired (by Brianna) effect.
So,...
Trista suddenly said to Brianna, "'You ever 'shotgun'?"
Without answering, Brianna took a hit on the pipe, held it in her lungs, moved her lips up to Trista's and expelled a steady, slow, plume of smoke into Trista's mouth.
Trista greedily accepted it, it and her eyes went numb.
That was all Brianna needed...
She started muzzling Trista's lower lips with both of hers...and Trista responded...with pleasure.
Once Brianna had totally stoned Trista, she took control and laid Trista's head in her lap. She nuzzled her hair and and Trista, high as kite, looked up at Brianna with lust in her eyes...and murmured, "Daddy..." before falling asleep.
Brianna knew then that, while it would take awhile, Trista would become her property...

(Coming up) PART TWO: Brianna is an 18 year old slave owner and enslaves Trista as her Benson &amp; Hedges Menthol 100's slave and gives her the name tristaBensonHedges.

(Coming up) FUTURE EPISODES: Brianna enslaves the father of one of her junior high friends and turns him into a dog.



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Verna Benson


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





