BDSM Library - Begging for Slavery




Begging for Slavery
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A woman submits to her deepest desires and begs to be taken on as a sex slave. 






Begging for slavery

It is the big day. He will come and give me my chance. I take a quick shower, dry myself off and apply the make-up. I brush and dry my hair, then apply the perfume to my neck, my breasts and the inside of my thighs. When I touch my body, my nipples harden, but I do not go on. My body is for Him to enjoy. Since I do not know how he likes my pussy, I only use the razor to put it in shape, then brush the hair.
Carefully I choose my wardrobe. Long stockings, a sheer silk-like thong that just hides what is left of my pussy-hair and a matching bra that pushes up my breasts, both in a fiery red to make me look the slut I am. Over that I pull on a black, rather conservative skirt and jacket with a light blue blouse underneath. And finally shoes with high heels that make my legs look longer. But not too high, I do not want to look like a whore right away. That will come later.
I look around my room, tidy up a bit more and place the one comfortable chair just so. I open a bottle of fruit juice not knowing if He drinks alcohol. Then I wait, not in the chair, that is His for the day. I wait standing to get me in the proper mind-set.
Then the bell rings. I open the door, but do not press the button that would release the front door. I walk down the steps and open the door in person. I bow my head and ask him to come in. He gives me a quick look then proceeds me up the stairs. In the apartment He walks straight into my room knowing the layout. I offer Him the chair, then hurry to place a glass of cool juice on the table by His side. Then I take a deep breath and kneel in front of Him.
"Sir, would you please allow this girl to apply to be your slave and property?"
Graciously He nods consent. 
"Thank you, Sir." I kneel before him, my thighs slightly spread, my hands resting palm up on them, my body erect, but my head bowed and my eyes fixed on the tips of his shoes. 
"Sir, this girl has come to appreciate You through your letters. This girl is also a submissive in need to be controlled, trained and used. This girl humbly begs to allow her to show off herself and her uses for You."
I steal a quick glance upwards and see Him nodding again. My heart pumping, I get up and slowly peel off the jacket. My breasts press against the soft fabric of the blouse. I place the jacket on the bed and facing Him again slowly undo the buttons, then slide the blouse off my shoulders. My skirt is next. I undo the zipper, let it slide down and step out of. Placing my hands behind my head I give him time to look over my body. Then I reach behind and unfasten the bra. I kneel quickly cupping my breasts from underneath careful not to touch the nipples and present them for His inspection.
"Sir, I hope my tits are pleasant to look at for You. They can be grabbed and slapped and, if you so desire, can be whipped for your pleasure. It would be a great honour for this girl, if You would use them by placing Your scepter between them."
I wait for a moment to give Him time to inspect my breasts and touch them, if He wants to. When He does not I continue.
"My mouth is well-trained, Sir. It can be used to clean Your body, especially Your feet, Your balls and your anus, but it is would be a great joy for this girl to be allowed to receive your sceptre there. I could suck your revered scepter, but my mouth can also be use like any other cunt and be fucked, though I have to admit I need some more training in taking a scepter to its full length. Of course, my mouth will always be eager to receive your cum in any way you desire, directly from your scepter, licking it from any surface or sucking it from another woman's pussy, if you prefer to use another woman for your pleasure. My mouth could also help excite you or the woman you have chosen so that you can enjoy each other better. Apart from that my mouth will gladly receive your champagne."
Again I give Him time to react before I carry on. I get up quickly and, standing upright pull down the thong noticing that its front is wet. I kneel again with my thighs spread wide and lean back so as to give Him an unimpeded view of my pussy.
"As you can see, Sir, my cunt is already wet, as it should always be in Your presence. Receiving Your scepter in my sluttish cunt would be all a girl could wish for. As I did not know Your preferences, I left my hair standing, but of course I would keep my cunt naked for you at all time, if that is your wish."
After a few seconds I get up again, turn around and bending down reach back to spread my asscheeks.
"My asscunt is still quite tight, Sir, but could be stretched for Your pleasure. It is certainly available for Your entertainment."
When he has had time to inspect my asshole, I stand erect again and turn slowly to give him time to look at every inch of my body. Picking the dildo up from the bed I kneel again with my legs spread.
"Please permit me to show you what a shameless slut I am."
I start by slowly licking the length of the dildo, teasing the head, flicking my tongue over the small hole at the end. Then I wrap my lips around it and suck, pushing it slightly deeper with every second. In and in it goes until I gag slightly, but I force myself to leave it where it is for a few seconds. When I remove it I rub it over my breasts, then place it between them and move my breasts along its length as if titfucking it.
"I am a horny bitch, Sir. I need to be controlled and put in my place regularly. In exchange I can only offer you what any cheap whore has to offer." Slowly I run the dildo down my stomach and squeeze it between the folds of my pussy. "I crave cock every day, but I know my cunt is not for my entertainment, Sir, but for the entertainment of gentlemen." Inch by inch the dildo disappears in my pussy. "Please train this girl how best to use her holes for your entertainment, Sir. Without Your control I behave like a total slut and fuck my cunt every day." The dildo goes pounding into my hungry pussy and I pant with every push. "See, what a slut I am, Sir. See how this fuckmeat needs Your discipline, Sir. Watch how my cunt drips its slime." I am close to coming now and with an effort I force myself to stop abruptly. "But my orgasms are not for me to decide, but for You to grant, Sir."
I pull the dildo from my pussy with a slurping sound and turn around to present my ass, while on hands and knees.
"Like a bitch in heat I present myself, Sir, like the bitch that I am." I lower my face to the floor keeping my ass raised and with my legs spread both my holes are open for him. "And like a bitch I can be fucked from behind, Sir, where You do not have to look at me, but can only use the hole You prefer."
Slowly I work the moist dildo into my ass, stretching it. It takes me a while until the dildo is inside, then I show how easy it is to fuck my tight back hole. My breasts rubbing against the carpet, my face buried in it, but my holes open and visible I display myself shamelessly, while my pussy is still oozing moisture, desperate to be filled. After a while I withdraw the dildo and place it aside. I turn towards Him again and assume the slave's position careful never to look higher than the tips of His shoes.
"Sir, this girl deeply craves to be Your property. She is only a worthless piece of fuckmeat, a whore like many others, but she begs you abjectly to train her, to take her as your slave, to amuse yourself on her suffering and humiliation, to treat her like a pet You own. She will faithfully serve you and, should it be Your desire, any others You might want to lend Your whore to. She will keep no secrets from you, her life will be an open book. Her most intimate actions will be Yours to control. Please, Sir, accept this girl as Your slave and do with her whatever you desire." 
Slowly I bend forward, lower myself onto my hands and daringly start kissing and licking the tips of his shoes. 



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Anne


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





