BDSM Library - Off The Beaten Path




Off The Beaten Path
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  A collard slave boy is taken into the woods and used by others for the day, an adventure in outdoor bondage.






OFF THE BEATEN PATH 
My name is Toby and I am a 29 year old gay forced bisexual 24/7 collared sex slave, I have been owned by Master T and Mistress N, for 5 year 7 months and 9 days. They are a newly young 50's retired D's couple. Every second of my servitude has been greatly explored and tested and very much enjoyed. 
This is a story of just one of my many adventure with exploring bondage with my Master and Mistress. 

I met Master Tom while working in an area hospital, he was a continuing education lecturer that frequently visited my work place, after the class we hit it off and was soon spending time together after work and found that he and I had a lot in common, he was married but this not know to me, I assumed he was single and gay as he posed as that from the start, never the less we spent a few weeks together exploring and talking about what he enjoyed out of life and required sexually, as he was a dominate right from the get go! 
I liked that because I'm a natural submissive. 
After a short friendship and building a bit of time and trust together he asked me if I wanted to apply to be his slave and to accept his collar, I was thrilled. I had served only one Master and that was short lived a few years back in California, so to be collared once again was a gift. I was soon introduced surprisingly to his wife, I soon accepted my lifestyle change to bisexual service and learned quickly to service both. 
Master T and Mistress N are from Barrie Ontario about an hour and a half north of Toronto Canada and the spend seven months here in the States out of the cold and snow, I travel back with them for the remaining five months. 

I asked for a day off from my services to visit with a family member that lives in a small gulf coast community along a sparsely populated area the Gulf of Mexico's east side, I left early on a Tuesday morning as the sun was just coming up and drove two hours west from our center of the state winter retreat and arrived at my family members home just after 8 AM. 

Unfortunately they were not at home and I had not called to inform them of my intended visit, they are typically the type that hardly venture out but they we not home, so I drove around the community a bit and stopped off and bought a bottle of water, not ready to rush back home I elected to explore the area on my return trip. I programmed my GPS to guide me home by route of the forest this allowed me to keep away from the little traffic and congestion of the odd towns and communities in route home. 

I found my self exploring back roads the area was densely forested with large pines and palmettos and other ground vegetation of the typical area. I slowly drove over a small concrete bridge that spanned a creek under neath some 20 plus feet below, I noticed when I drove over the bride their was a drive off near the guard rails and this would allow me to park out of sight of the odd passer by from above, the area looked to be visited from time to time I'm sure by the weekend fisherman when the creek was full from the spring rains, it was at the most a drainage trickle at its current time, so no water no fish. 

I decided to explore the area closer and seen that a tree had fallen just a short distance down this trail that followed into the woods, just a shot distance in from the above bridge it was covered and very concealed by a thick canopy of trees. My kinky mind began to race with all kinds of naughty ideas. I soon rushed back to the car and drove out of the under side of the bridge and parked the car down the road and across the hwy at a closed outdoor building dealer, I stuck a note in the window that said " hiking please don't tow " their are hiking trails not far off the other direction and I seen a person walking a few miles back, so that was a good conceal of what my purpose of parking was. 

I took off my shirt and had only my shorts and slip on shoes and under my shorts I wore my daily required equipment that of my anal plug and cock ring with my small six in chain that attaches to the ring that is clipped to my cum stopper cock head ring that goes into the tip of my cock, its a glans Ring with sperm stopper male chastity device, but under my shorts its undectable. I quickly crossed the hwy and walked about a half a mile up this small paved road back to the starting of the guard rail over the bridge and I slipped down the path that I had just been parked on and into my new found play area. 

Just after exiting the road to the path I slipped out of the shorts and was completely naked accept for my slip-on's I stored my shorts under a log and so I went exploring naked, the path was quite long and I was comfortable that know one would be able to come down as just after the start of this path a large tree had fallen blocking the path way from anything other then foot traffic and by the looks of the area know one had been around for sometime. I sent a few hours exploring I return to the log and put my shorts back on and return to my car and programmed this location into the GPS so not to forget the directions then I rushed home to share my find with Master and Mistress. We had been wanting to find a place to play and explore in nature and we wanted one that would be secure and safe from exposure to un wanting interruptions. 

Master had made plans for my session and Mistress was equally excited that we would all enjoy the adventure and they had plans for me and my new found area I so eagerly expressed to them. A week had passed since my find and this allow Master time to plan for this session. I was woke up by a flip on of the light and a stern order for Master to get in my equipment and meet them in the back, it was early in the morning as i looked at the clock 5am I thought what on earth are we going to have a session at 5am but just the same I attached my required session equipment on, my leather collar my sheep skinned wrist and ankle cuffs and my cock ring and cum stopper, slipped into the shower and cleansed my boy pussy to assure my Master and Mistress a fresh clean boy pussy to use as they wished and then popped my chain attached plug in and head for the back of the house. 

Master attached a hood on my head and the whole while Mistress is video taping this, as they often due, I asked requested to speak and Master said, your going to the woods to serve and that's all you need to know! I was escorted to a van and was instructed to get in the back and stay their, I was very excited at that point, I knew we were headed to my new found spot for a day of service. 

I relaxed the best I could for the two hour drive as the sun was just rising we arrived and Master stopped just off the side of the bridge in the same spot I had a week earlier and open the back door, he had me step out and handed me a duffle bag I'm sure filled with all his choice tools of bondage. He said he was going to park and Mistress and I was to walk down the path and wait. I didn't not speak a word I was trembling in excitement and Mistress click on and off record and shot the area and me in my equipment, Master soon returned to us and we walked down the path a ways and then stopped, their was a large cut off stump just at the edge of the path and Master open the bag and removed a large eye hook and screwed it into the center of the stump, twisting with all his might it sank deep into the core and then he had be on all fours in a doggy style position as I looked over to see Mistress attaching the video camera to a tripod. 

I was secured my a pad lock and both hand were attached to the stump, Master stepped back and looked over his work and said you look so useable and the dumped a few toys and lube on the ground and a flogger, my cat-of-nine one that does the job right as Master says. Mistress walked up and said to me now you will get a lesson in exploring nature, as nature explores you and she place a leather blind fold over my hooded eyes and everything went dark. all the while Master is warm up the flogger on my ass and its starting to burn, I soon feel the grip on Mistress hand on my already hard boy pole and she begins to stroke my cock to the rhythm of the lashes. I quickly find myself bucking to the rhythm of the lashes and strokes of my firmly gripped cock. 

I beg Mistress may I cum Mistress, please may I cum, she says yes cum, but this day is about our pleasure not yours, so lets get this useless task out of the way as I explode in a squirt after squirt frenzy bucking my ass on all fours as I continue to feel the lashes, I soon came down from my high and feel the last drop of my hot cum being milked Mistress then shoved her fingers in my mouth they are covered in my own cum that she caught as it was ejaculated, she ordered me in her stern voice clean my fingers of your useless seed you fuck pig, clean ever drop of your seed as I vigorously licked ever area of her hand sucking and slurping my own cum I licked each finger and all the way to her wrist she then slapped my ass and said your day is just starting pig boy. 

I was still in darkness, naked and my ass was burning, I had cum so in my mind my adventure was over, but they had other ideas I soon herd them walk away into the silence of just the sounds around me, was I alone? what was next, minutes seemed like hours, then I head the beep of the camera powering off as it drops to stand by. I could not tell time but it felt like 20 mins or more and I then herd a car on the bridge my heart began the race in total fear, what if it was someone here to fish or just walk, oh my god I am naked and bound to this stump, i soon herd voices and a bit of laughter, it was not Master or Mistress and my heart was pounding and I struggled to free myself, I then felt them upon me. well well what have we here, I froze and moved my head to struggle to see who it was upon me as I felt a hard lash of a leather belt crack across my already welted ass, and then I herd a mans voice say how do you turn this on as the video was click back on for taping the session. 

Crack the belt lashed again I let out a lip biting teeth grinding grown, I quickly felt a tug on my collar D-ring and then instantly had a cock head jammed into my mouth and a mans voice I didn't not know said suck pig, suck until I tell you to stop as I felt another crack of the belt and I sucked in protest, blowing the pain out my nose as my mouth was full of this unknown persons cock, I soon felt my plug in my ass being pulled out with a pop of the suction and then I was explored by two then three fingers as the ruffly probed my well lubed boy pussy, I the felt them removed quickly and then felt this enormous cock entering me and I let out a gasp, still intently sucking on the cock in my mouth, the two began to fuck my holes in equal rhythm as my pleasure grew quickly from this very erotic seen envisioned in my mind, I then felt this firm had around under me grab my fully erect cock as the Master of my ass said fuck pig boy fuck, I quickly erupted into a cum frenzy as I felt this cock spasm and jerk as he ejaculated pump after pump of his hot cum deep into me, I could feel the heat of his seed filling me full, he grunted and dug is fingers into my side with one had and stroked ever drop of cum from my dripping cock, just as his partner exploded in my mouth, he has so much cum It gushed from the sides of my mouth as they fucked me intently. soon with drawing from me and lashing my ass. 
I then herd the belt drop to the ground and their foot steps as they walked away and then a vehicle start up and leave, I was coming down slowly from my abuse as I head a voice say nice show, it was a females voice, and not one I herd before. I said yes Mistress, as I am always ordered to answer with respect. 
I soon felt movement under me and a warm mouth on my cock, the females voice was behind me and she said that's my slave under you, enjoy him and slowly explored my cock and balls and then around my freshly fucked asshole as I pushed a bubble of anal cum out of my hole and he hastily and hungrily sucked my hole as to not miss a drop, then went right back to my cock. his sucking was so intense, I soon felt movement in front of me and I soon smelled this aroma of musky cunt, I had smelled it once before when Mistress N hadn't cleaned herself in a few days, I was then ordered to suck my hole slave as I was guided by the D rings on the side of my hood directly into her musky cunt, I began to explore her folds and I could hear her gasps and I did my work well. I cam just as she was pushing into me, I humped the mouth working my cock and exploded into a squirting frenzy this was my third powerful orgasm in less then two hours I was almost limp but my tongue soon brought that cunt to orgasm as it ripped thru her and see grinded her cunt on my face and covered me in her milky fluid. She quickly lifted off of my face to give me air and the mouth popped off my spent cock and quickly cleaned my face of all her juice, She said my slave has never sucked a cock and your his first how did he do, I said very good Mistress thank you and they soon walked away. 
I herd a car stop on the road and then soon herd voices, it was what sound like a small group as then walked up and I herd one says oh ya! nice tight boy ass, I'm first and it was on each took me as their cum bitch, each fucked me for a countless amount of time.. I was done, spent exhausted I lost count after the sixth cock shot him cum deep in my boy pussy and I could feel the liquid lava of cum dripping out of me, each was ruffer then the last often smacking me around and saying how much they enjoyed raping my hot little white ass, the blind fold was ripped off my face and it took me a bit to focus in the light of the world but I could see a few black males stroking their cocks as each took their turns and then came back for seconds, There is absolutely nothing in this world that feels more enjoyable then a big cum filled cock intently fucking your asshole, I'm the type that fucks back I will rock back to get all they have to offer and I was fucked to near passing out, a cum pig used in the woods and it gave a true meaning to the word stump broke. 
I have no idea how many used me or how many times they came but I will say I was satisfied. 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Toby


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





