BDSM Library - How it began




How it began
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The story of a young man finding out his female side.






How do you start..............



It was the three step sisters and having three sisters yes that must be it. The feel of hose going up your smooth legs the panties and what does that bra feel like with the heels; how do they feel........ Bang the curtain of the sleeping birth is pulled back by the Petty Officer Peacock "Get your ass up" oh yeah, I'm on the USS JFK. Time to be back on station and defend the nation, feel homesick and put any hope of females away but the thoughts do not as you go through the day to day putting down of any feeling or knowledge a fem-slut but as the story tells you can't forever.....



She was strong and so was I having started from the bottom changing tires after the Navy, so she went to College and graduated; I went to college but didn't. We were now toe to toe and lovers however, I couldn't leave other women alone. She got pissed more and more but because she loved me and let me to tied her up in various ways. Let me tell you she was not an amazon but close at 6' strong with very well rounded breasts and long legs. She loved to suck cock and did with many a co-worker I later found out maybe the reason she was now my boss. 



One night I had her sit in a chair nude facing me her large breasts just hanging before me as I watched tv, strange for her as she had done her hair for the night to go out and dance. I picked up the rope and slowly wrapped it round her wrists, then another for her elbows it made her breasts stand out so much better. I sit back down and look at her hairy pussy hummm not good and I say "We have to clean that up" well, that brought on a long story of how would she go to the doctor as I looped the rope around her ankles tieing each one to the legs of the chair. I told her the doctor didn't matter to me but a smooth hairless pussy did so off to the bathroom returning with the electric clippers, razor, shaving cream and bowel of warm water. I asked if she had been hot today at work and she said she had as it was July as I walked over to her skirt and hose left in a pile. I picked up her panties and put them on being very slinder, 5' 9" and I have to say sexy. I to put as much pre-cum in them as I could before taking them off and putting them in her mouth and taped it shut. Her pussy was dripping she was so turned on. I dipped my fingers in the smooth fluid and put it under her nose then on her nipples just moving it around slowly, then sit back down. She is in my control and wants it that way her eyes say it, her pussy says it and my cock confirms it as I go back to her pile of clothes and pull her skirt out silky I like that and put it on as she twists her head to see. "Do you like this skirt on me?" and the response is only nohummmmmmmmmm, as the puddle grows under her legs. At this point something inside me snapped, I had to go to the next level taking the skirt off I tell her not to go anywhere and look at my handy work, something was wrong her feet were flat on the floor. I walked over to the tool bag in the closet and picked up a couple of 5" long nails presenting them to her I tell her to "point her feet as if she had heels" she tires but the rope holds her feet flat on the floor. I get on my knees and pull the rope up then place the nails under the back of her heels, "I wouldn't let your weight push too hard on them my dear". Her eyes are wild with fear but only muffled sounds come from the panty gag. She didn't need to know that the sharpe end of the nail was down. I stand up and can't resist to push my cock to her taped mouth smoothing the pre cum all over that pretty taped mouth as the druel starts down her chest. Going back to my took bag I spot the spool of twine then move back between her legs moving the hair away her clit is standing out tall as I grab it tying off some twine around it, then move to her nipples tying off a bit on each "God this is fun" I say as her eyes roll back in her head. I pull the string like a puppet she moves with it edging closer to the front of the chair as I pull soon I have the strings tied to the bottom of the chair nipples and clit straining, I kiss her forehead and off for my bath not forgetting the warm water to shave her pussy was getting colder......



I turn on the water in the bath, take out a new razor turn on some music and get in to relax as best I could thinking of her sitting in the chair, My Boss, college educated just waiting for me, pulling against her ropes hummmm. This is it as I start the process of shaving my legs, moving up to my cock, then my chest and soon I was completely hairless.&nbsp; I walk back in the room she has her head back almost not here with her eyes closed so I pull on the rope to her clit to let her know I was back, her eyes open and she start pleading "HUMmmmmmm" and I ask her if she would like some wine? Yes she knods as I start to play with her clit..... "Are you Mad?".... she thinks and I pull on her clit again her eyes roll back... "Are you Mad?" then she starts to cummmmmmmmmmm without warning, poor thing couldn't help it all the time with that pressure on her nipples and clit. Her feet were tribbling keeping the nails off of them her mind must be racing as was her intense orgasum but I keep it short keeping her hard cumming for later. 



Time for this to come off don't you think as I pull the tape from her mouth, she starts to speak but I put my shaved cock in her mouth and she starts to suck like there is no tomorrow it takes all I can to pull out of her mouth without cumming popping it out of her hover vacuum mouth. 



"Are you OK?" as I give her a big drink of wine.... "Yes" and I untie her hands then elbows as she falls forward to take the pressure off her twined tied clit and nipples. "Your horrible and what have you done shaving your body, how will...?" "Explain to my doctor, hummm I'm sure he has seen it before as yours will have after you finished shaving"



"No I want do it" so I press on her foot and pull on her clit as her eyes roll again back in her head... "Please you have me so turned on" I pull on her nipple ropes pulling her close to me. "I think you will want you" breathing in her ear...."God yes... let me cum".&nbsp; 



"You have some work to do" as I take the nails from her heels start shaving and don't complain, she leans over to get the bowl of now cold water but can't reach it with her heels tied to the legs of the chair so I pick it up and dump it on her hot pussy, she jumps.. "Shit!! can I take the rope off my clit?"..... "No it will help you pull it away from the razor" she does as instructed and starts cutting down the bush she was so proud of as I lean back and watch, getting board I start painting my toes a bright red watching her look up not wanting to ask the questions I'm sure she is asking to herself. She is busy with all the hairs falling from her pussy and getting ready for the razor.... concerned she my loose her wetness I take the twine and pull her clit.... "Make sure you get all the hair and from now on your not to have any, understood?" ........ "yes, but something is missing" as I ask what she says d "should I call you master or mistress?" I think as I watch her pulling up on her pussy lips trying to get to the hair. Humm Mistress will do for now "More wine? "yes my mouth is very dry" and I leave looking at her pantyhose pulling them up in my hands as I pass to the ketchen getting her a glass of white wine. When I return giving her the wine she asks the question:



"Are you Guy?"



"Let's see we have been together for over two years you are now my boss, and our major problem is me being with other women" I roll the hose up my smooth legs letting her think of her question stopping just before my cock, and at this point I can't take anymore as she is finished. I look at her now hairless pussy and what a site of her long pussy lips many times in my mouth now more pronouced and the bright red clit wrapped in rope I start to masturbate suddenly I feel my cum starting.. quickly I pick up the glass of wine pointing my cock to the opening and blasting it into it..... falling back in the couch and getting that all too male get back in the saddle and put your boots back on feeling but this time I have no hair on my legs my toes are painted so, I get up and fill both our glasses hers with my floating cum and she drinks it down. "Sorry it was not direct deposit this time" she laughs and admits that I surely must not be guy but try on her shoes. I do and they fit perfect..... her being larger than me. I untie her feet and we hug... "would you have rather gone out dancing?" 



She stands up and huggs me kissing me deeply face to face as I have her shoes and pantyhose on pulling her by the hand.... I take her to bed. As we lie down she just says tomorrow will be a very busy day....



The light from the shades is pulled back, what hummm waking up then she is before me "Honey we have a very busy day time to get up" god she looks sexy with the light behind her nude outline. I feel the panty hose and feel the smooth of my body against the covers as I pull my legs over the side of the bed gezz I still have the heels on. The smell of coffee fills the air as I start to take off the shoes "No don't do that just yet, hon" as I feel the tug on the twine wrapped around my balls what "Turn about is fair play" I stand up wobbling on the heels and follow her to living room as she sits me down on the chair with a warm cup of coffee before me. She ties my ball off to the bottom of the chair I had her sit in last night the pre cum she had looks caked on the seat. The panty hose pulling up against my balls. Then she leaves and I look at my coffee take a sip hearing her in the bedroom. I am exited and my cock is growing even though I have the fog of the night before and then she steps in........ short black dress showing off her long legs "You like?" yes I say hummm as she reminds me to not go anywhere. She finally sits down and says 



"I know your not guy and you love me. You are going through a hard time understanding your sexuality however you have started a fire and I can't put it out by myself. I was up very late thinking of what you did and how you made me feel something I've never felt before and I could walk out calling you a FAG like the women before you have know but you know, she leans and pulls my ear close to her mouth, "They didn't know what they had".&nbsp; My heart stops in one night what was to be a date with a blow job had turned into something much more. "Being a graduate of William and Mary I would have never thought I could enjoy a boy/man dressed as a female however your very good looking as one and the only reason my humm I well I got excited last night. "Did you enjoy last night?" she is taken aback. I again challenge her yes very much and "do you love me?" yes very much. Does this freak you out "yes very much"... ok we need to go back to bed and start over.......... we have many roads to venture down together.... 



 



To be continued.....























Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Kim


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





