BDSM Library - The New Girl at School




The New Girl at School
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Gina is new at school and since she is shy it is not easy for her to make friends.  Oddly, the most popular girl at school approaches her one day and asks if she wants to come to her house for a sleepover.  Surprised but pleased by the idea, she willingly accepts.  However, once there the innocent young girl will be subjected to unexpected experiences, both with the girl's boyfriend and another girl, and soon find out it was not friendship but humiliation that created the invitation.






The new girl at school

Gina is new at school. She is not attractive, but she has
a killer body. She is very shy and quiet so that has made it
hard to make new friends in her few weeks at the new school.
She also happens to be a virgin with absolutely no sexual
experience. Out of the blue one day the very attractive,
infamous (and down deep REAL BITCH) captain of the junior
varsity cheerleading squad, Sarah, approaches her, tells
her that she would like to get to know her and be friends (which
is a total lie), and invites her to a sleep over at her house
Friday night along with another member of the cheerleading
squad. Gina is practically speechless, but thrilled that
Ms. Popularity has been so kind and considerate, and mumbles
that she would be delighted. 

When Gina arrives at Sarah's house Friday after school
Kelly, the other girl, is already there. She is surprised
to find out that the Sarah's parents will be gone for
the weekend. The three girls talk for awhile, get some food,
and settle into the family room in front of the TV. Sarah
asks if they would like to watch some of her father's
porn tapes. Gina has never seen one before but Kelly quickly
chimes in "you bet"! Everything on the screen
is new territory to Gina, but she doesn't want to let
on to the other two. But both of the other girls are certain
she must be a virgin; she's just the virgin type. They
ask her periodically if she likes doing the things she sees
happening on the screen, but she just giggles and avoids
an answer. They keep asking because their real intention
is to humiliate her. 

Later in the evening the door bell rings. It is Sarah's
boyfriend Tom and she introduces him to Gina. Gina has seen
him at school and has a complete crush on him, but she considers
him to be out of her league. He settles onto the sofa next
to Sarah. All of them continue watching the porn, which
is now quite embarrassing to the Gina with the addition
of a boy into the audience. She becomes even more uneasy
when Tom and Sarah begin making out fairly hot and heavy.
Gina does not know where to rest her eyes. She turns to Kelly
in hopes of distraction, but she is alternating between
watching the porn and the "live action" in the
room and is getting so turned on she has moved her hand up
under her skirt. Then Gina hears Sarah say to Tom, "I
can't. You know I'm on my period." 

Moments later Tom and Sarah unlock from each other and Sarah 
looks over toward Gina. She says, "I have a problem
I hope you can help me with. I have gotten Tom all hot and bothered
but because of the time of the month I'm not able to get
him off. I know the brat has been dying to hook up with you
since the first day he laid eyes on you. Under the circumstances
I'll give him my permission to fulfill that dream tonight.
I must say that he is really a good lover, so would you be willing
to take my place?" Gina is stunned. She does not know
what to say. She has never done anything like this before
and would not have any idea what to do. Yet, how could she
say no to one of the most elite girls in school who wants to
be her friend? And how exciting was it to hear that one of
the hottest guys in school has been wanting to hook up with
her. As all of this is rolling around in her head, and to buy
time, she says, "Are you sure you want me to do this with
YOUR boyfriend?" Sarah quickly replies, "I
want him to be happy. I can't do anything for him so I
need a friend to help me with him tonight? Would you be that friend?" 
Now she CAN'T say no. Her fate is sealed. 

So Gina and Sarah trade places. For the next 20 minutes
Tom and Gina begin kissing softly then passionately, moving
on to fondling, her clothes being slowly removed piece
by piece, stroking, sucking, fingering, and licking.
At one point Gina whispers in Tom's ear, "Can't
we go into a bedroom and do this", because she is very
embarrassed by being watched in this unfamiliar experience
by the other two girls. Tom replies, for all to hear, "Absolutely
not. I can't go behind my girlfriend's back with
this." 

All of her clothes will soon come off, and the
fingering and licking become more intense. Tom is careful
to get her into positions where she is in full display for
the other girls, mostly positioning her on his lap face
out, knowing this will increase her anxiety. He then tells
her to get on her knees. From that position he directs her
to slowly help him out of all of his clothes. When she gets
to the last stitch, he tells her to take his underwear off
using only her teeth, a challenging task that Tom does not
help to make any easier, and one that will put her face in
direct contact with his cock. That done, he guides her head
into his naked crotch and tells her to get him excited. She
raises up to his ear and whispers to him, "I'm
really not very good at this." Rather than taking
compassion, Tom asks Sarah to come over, kneel down next
to her, and explain to her, step by step, what to do. Sarah
and Tom stretch this out as long as possible, trying to make
it as humiliating as they can for Gina. Eventually Tom can't
hold out any longer and shoots his load into her mouth. 

Satisfied for the moment, Tom then says that they have not
been very fair to Kelly. He looks at Gina, still shocked
by the deposit he made in her mouth, and says, "All
of us have been messing around tonight, but she has had no
attention. I need some time to reload, so in the meantime,
why don't you go over and have some fun with her?"
Gina REALLY does not want to have any kind of sexual activity
with another girl. But Tom keeps insisting, in a very nice
way, and again she sees no way to avoid it. Tom tells her to
crawl over on her knees to the large chair where the bi-sexual
girl is seated, to remove her clothes very gradually, and
to romance her to orgasm. 

After she has completed that humiliation, Tom tells Gina
that watching all of that action with the two of them has
gotten him hard again. He spreads out a blanket on the floor
and tells her to crawl over and lay on it. Just as though she
were his girlfriend, he slowly and tenderly makes love
to her. She gets very aroused but at the same time keeps thinking
about not wanting to lose her virginity. Proving that she
just does not learn, she whispers in Tom's ear that
she is a virgin and asks if there is another way she can please
him. Tom blurts out, "You're a what? A virgin?"
All of them make a big deal about that, especially the two
girls, further humiliating her. Tom tells her that it is
too late now, that he is so excited that he has to fuck somebody.
He continues with the passionate foreplay and periodically
mounts her and rubs his cock on her pussy lips, getting it
up to the opening as though he is going to thrust. Then he
says, "There is another hole I can fuck if you want
to keep your cherry. How about your ass?" Gina is shocked.
She had never imagined that boys actually fuck girls in
the ass. However, after some back and forth with him and
soul searching, internally evaluating the importance
of her cherry, she tells him to take her in the ass but pleads
with him to be gentle. He moves her around on the blanket,
onto her knees, positioned so that her head is a few feet
away from both of the other girls. He wants them to be able
to taunt her as he has his way with her asshole. 

After he cums, the four of them rest for awhile. They go back
to watching the porn tapes. Tom pulls Gina over to the sofa
with him, keeping her naked and making her clean him up with
her mouth from the latest action. Over the course of the
next half hour he fondles and fingers her while watching
the action, and has her do the same to him. He makes sure to
engage the other two girls in conversation periodically
so Gina realizes that they continue to watch her humiliation.
All of a sudden Sarah says, in her common bratty way, "I
don't think it's fair that all of you had a climax
and I haven't." Tom says that he agrees. He tells
Gina to get down on the floor, crawl over to his girlfriend
and give her the same treatment she gave to Kelly. Gina turns
to Tom and says, "Please don't ask me to do that.
She is on her period." Tom says, "I don't
care. You&#8217;re her new friend. Get on over there and get her off."

She hesitates a bit but Gina complies, slowly crawling
over and going through the same romance action as with Kelly.
She eventually works her head down between Sarah's
legs, expecting the worst and delaying her full descent
because of it. Sarah grabs her head, pulls her close, and
tells her to stick her tongue in her pussy. When Gina obliges
she doesn't notice any difference between the taste
and smell of this pussy and Kelly's. She then realizes
that Sarah is really NOT on her period. Sarah is still holding
her head in place, telling her to lick faster, as Gina also
feels Tom's hard-again penis poke against her ass.
She thinks that maybe now Tom is actually getting ready
to have sex with his girlfriend. But he continues to rub
his cock around her ass for awhile longer, then starts spreading
her legs apart and moving his cock close to her pussy. She
tries to turn her head and ask him to stop but Sarah pulls
her even closer into her pussy. Seconds later Tom finds
his target and starts to push it into her pussy. As Tom thrusts
harder and harder, Sarah rides Gina's face faster
and faster, and they both have intense orgasms. 

At last Gina realizes that she has been their ultimate plaything,
not a new friend, but an outlet for their pleasure, cruelty,
and inhumanity.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Asiatraveler185


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





