BDSM Library - Love Is More Than A Word




Love Is More Than A Word
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: 






I did a quick walk through in the kitchen and saw that the popcorn was on top of the stove ready to be heated, and that there was plenty of grape Kool-Aid in the refrigerator for the Little Princess to drink. That was my nickname for Lady Jennifer's two-year old daughter, Vanessa. Jennifer was the Princess, and Vanessa was the Little Princess. Both of them were pure royalty in my eyes, and I always tried to treat them as such. Anyway, the Little Princess wouldn't drink anything but grape Kool-Aid when eating popcorn. 

It was a "kid" thing. 

Try to sneak something past her like cherry Kool-Aid, or apple juice, or even Dr. Pepper, and Vanessa would stand in the middle of the kitchen, or living room, pointing an accusing finger at you, shouting a barrage of words that couldn't be deciphered, much less understood, except by another two-year old. It was an amazing sight to behold. When the Little Princess did that, she looked just like her mom. My heart would fill up with so much love that I'd think it was going to burst, and I'd have to pick her up in my arms and give her a big hug and a kiss on the cheek, telling the little vixen that I'd get her whatever she desired. 

The strange thing is that I never had any problem understanding what Lady Jennifer wanted. She was always precise in her choice of words. In fact, the only real difference between the mother and daughter when they shouted at me (which wasn't very often) is that when Jennifer got in my face, I was smart enough to never argue with her and to say nothing but "Yes, ma'am" and "No, ma'am." To do otherwise was to risk her wrath, which could be considerable, depending upon her mood. Once, she'd paddled my bottom for fifteen straight minutes without stopping, blistering me so bad that I couldn't sit down for several days. My only crime had been to wash her lingerie with the regular clothes. Needless to say, I never repeated that particular offense again! 

Walking out of the kitchen and into the living room, I saw that the DVDs of Shrek 2 and The Shark Tale were lying on top of the television and that there was a large stack of picture books about Barney, The Cat in the Hat, and Curious George lying on the floor next to the couch and coffee table. I expected Vanessa to be asleep by the time The Shark Tale finished. If not, I'd have to read children's stories to her till she eventually dosed off. Whenever her mother went out on a date, she'd always try to stay up till Jennifer got home, but usually to no avail. 

I didn't see the Little Princess anywhere around. 

I suspected that she was in her mother's bedroom, helping Lady Jennifer to get dressed for the big date tonight.

The new man in Jennifer's life was named Carl. He worked as the same hotel as she did and had been after her for almost two years, wanting her to go out with him, not caring if she had a husband or not. During most of that time, Jennifer had been married and had used that excuse for saying no to him. Now, she was single with a roommate, renting a three-bedroom house on the west side of town, and Carl had become even more persistent in his efforts. What had finally changed her mind about dating him was the huge bulge in the front of his jeans that she'd seen when he came into work on his day off. Carl helped to book the entertainment that appeared at their hotel, and he kept abnormal hours with his days off occasionally changing from week to week. The bulge in the front of his designer jeans, however, had done what no amount of bullshit had been able to accomplish. It had gotten her attention in a big way, making her curious as to what it would feel like to have something that huge inside of her body. Carl had caught her looking at the bulge and knew in an instant that he was about to score. They'd immediately scheduled a date for Friday night.

Though Lady Jennifer had told her family and friends that I was simply a roommate, helping to share the rent and household expenses so that she could make it on her own, I was really her slave. 

I'd been after Jennifer longer than Carl. 

I had known her for over six years. She used to work at the Strip hotel where I was still employed. I remember her mid-day walks through the casino in her tight, sexy, business outfits and high-heeled shoes, looking like Sandra Bullock in the way she moved and with her long reddish-brown hair flowing around her shoulders, driving all of the male employees crazy with lust. I don't know how many of the workers wanted to have sex with her. I suspected a lot. I know that I did in the worse possible way. Over time Jennifer and I became acquainted with each other, and she began to tease me unmercifully, knowing how much I wanted her. I used to tell her that she was a dominant bitch and that all she needed to complete the picture was a black leather skirt, boots, and a riding crop. The Princess would throw it right back at me, saying that she already had the skirt and boots, and when was I going to buy her the riding crop. Sometimes I'd even ask her outright if she had on pantyhose that day, or regular nylons with garters. She always told me to use my imagination, smiling at me in the most seductive way. 

Unfortunately, Jennifer left the hotel before I could buy her a riding crop, and then I didn't hear from her again for over three years. 

A mutual friend of ours finally gave Jennifer my new e-mail address at the hotel (by that time I had a different job with e-mail privileges), and one morning when I came into work, there was a note from her waiting for me on my computer. 

She wanted to know if I'd gotten her a riding crop yet? 

We then began to communicate with each other on a regular basis. I learned that she was on the downside of a bad marriage with a two-year-old daughter, trying to decide whether to stay or to leave. Though she loved her husband (he'd been her high school sweetheart), the guy treated her and their child like they didn't exist. I don't think it was intentional on his part. What I believe is that the two females just needed more love and attention than the guy was able to give. He had his own needs and was more concerned with fulfilling those than in seeing to the wants and desires of his wife and daughter. When Jennifer wrote me one day, stating that if she ever got married again, she'd make sure it was the husband who was treated like shit and not her, I immediately wrote back to her, stating that she and I should get together. Though there was a nineteen-year difference in our ages, I knew exactly what she needed in a husband. I wrote her a long e-mail, explaining that I would be her slave, that I'd love her and Vanessa more than any other man could possibly dream of doing, that I'd wait on her hand and foot, that I'd give her everything I had, and that she'd be the boss of our marriage and would always have the freedom to date other men, if she wanted to. I only asked two things from her&#8212;never to lie to me and to always come home at night. 

That got her attention, and she said that she'd think about it. 

When the Princess finally left her husband, she asked me if I wanted to be her roommate and to fulfill all of my promises to her. We could try it for a year and see what happened. If we liked the results, then marriage was certainly an option that was open to us. The only things she could promise me was that she'd never lie and that she'd always return home at night, though she might occasionally bring a friend with her. 

Jennifer rented a three-bedroom Ranch house on the west side of Las Vegas with an option to buy, and furnished it to her own particular needs and tastes. It was on a quarter acre of wedge-shaped land in a quiet cul-de-sac. The large back yard was enclosed by a high stucco wall and had a swimming pool with a cement patio adjacent to the kitchen. The front yard was smaller with what seemed to be a perfect square of lawn to mow and a two-car garage to the right. Inside the house, she claimed the master bedroom for her own. It had a huge bathroom with a sunken tub and there was a large walk-in closet to handle her countless pairs of shoes. I got the next largest bedroom so that I could put my desk and computer in there. My bathroom was the one across the hallway. Vanessa got the smallest bedroom and shared her mother's bathroom. Actually, I think the Little Princess used my bathroom more than her mother's because there were always toys on the floor of it and in the shower stall. 

The second night after I'd moved in with them, Jennifer came into my room and sat down on the end of the bed. She instructed me to get down on the floor in front of her on my hands and knees and to keep my eyes lowered. I was not to raise my head without permission. She talked to me for nearly thirty minutes, going into detail on what would be expected of me as her personal slave. 

First and foremost, I was to address her as Lady Jennifer. This would show her the respect that was so richly deserved. Second, I was to lose forty pounds of weight by exercising everyday and watching what I ate. She'd be weighing me on the scales every Saturday to see how I was doing as well as keeping an eye on the types of food I ate. She wanted me to focus on fruits and vegetables and to stay away from the junk food. Not to make a pun here, but Jennifer dangled a carrot in front of me as an enticement for losing the necessary weight. My Mistress said that she'd have intercourse with me when I got down to the proper weight for my age and height. She wanted her slave to be attractive and healthy. My bi-weekly paychecks were to be deposited directly into her checking account. I would, however, be given a weekly allowance of fifty dollars to cover my necessities, though I was smart enough to know that I'd need to stash away at least thirty dollars a week so that I'd have money to buy birthday and Christmas presents for the two ladies in my life. 

Next, I was to be in charge of cleaning the house and washing and ironing the clothes and doing some of the cooking and mowing the lawn and washing her car and doing most of the grocery shopping, not to mention anything else that she could think of. Any sexual contact that I might be allowed to have with her would be entirely at her discretion; and, until I lost the desired weight, it would consist of nothing more than oral service on my part. I was there for her pleasure and not mine. I, on the other hand, was not allowed to have an orgasm. Masturbation without her explicit permission was forbidden (because that would be the most difficult command for me to keep, Jennifer would eventually have to place me in a male chastity device and keep the key to its lock on her gold anklet). 

At times I would be permitted to bathe her and to massage her and to do pedicures on her toenails. Lady Jennifer told me that she would be dating other men on a regular basis and that as a slave, I'd have no say-so in whom she saw or had sex with. That would be her choice and her choice alone. She had no intention of ever being faithful to another man. She enjoyed having sexual intercourse too much and intended to have it as often as she could. Any displays of jealousy on my part would not be tolerated. 

Jennifer, however, didn't mind if I got jealous. 

What she didn't want was for me to act on my emotions, especially after encouraging her to take other lovers. She expected me to support her in this endeavor and to hopefully enjoy the lifestyle as much as she intended to. Disobedience to anything that was demanded of me would be punished swiftly and harshly. My Mistress was serious about this and wanted to make sure I understood what I was getting myself into. She had no problem with whipping me to change undesirable behavior. She intended to have me order a number of implements on the Internet (a riding crop, a well-made Spencer paddle, a bamboo cane, and a short whip) for punishing bad slaves, as well as a small amount of equipment for binding the slave during punishment sessions so that he couldn't escape. She warned me a second time that the whippings would be hard and very painful, and that I should always think twice before pissing her off. She would show no tolerance for my indiscretions. I was to remember at all times that I was her slave and that she own me and could do whatever she wanted with me. I had no rights and no freedom, and that I needed to be very careful with what came out of my mouth. 

Those were the rules of the house, and I was expected to abide by them.

Period.

During the third week of our living arrangement, Lady Jennifer's ex-husband came over one night to see Vanessa, and I was put through my first test. 

He and I were introduced to each other, and then we politely shook hands like true gentlemen. 

I could immediately tell that he was relieved at seeing I was an over-weight, middle-aged guy in his fifties and not some young stud who would be a threat to his relationship with Jennifer. Leaving the three of them alone, I went into my room and wrote on the computer (my hobby is writing short stories, children's books, novels, screenplays, etc.) for a couple of hours. They had Domino's pizza delivered and watched television together. When the Little Princess finally fell asleep and was taken into her bedroom, I heard Jennifer and her ex-husband out in the living room, getting comfortable on the couch and then kissing each other like they were teenagers on their first date. It wasn't long before she took him into her bedroom and they had sex. In fact, they had sex for most of the night. Now that the two of them were divorced from each other and the stress of marriage was off of their shoulders, their sexual interaction was better than ever. I lay in my bed that night and listened to the sounds of them fucking, finding myself aroused and jealous at the same time. It must've been around four o'clock in the morning when Jennifer unexpectedly came into my room and sat down on the side of the bed for a minute or two. The Princess didn't have anything on. 

She knew that I was awake. 

Leaning over, she kissed me on the lips, and then asked if I was jealous over what she'd just done. 

I told her that I was. 

Jennifer then reached down and felt my erection and grinned at me. Even in the darkness, I could see that knowing smile on her lovely face. She told me that it was good that I was jealous and that it would give me more of an incentive to lose the excess weight. 

I have to admit that she had a point.

During the next six months, our relationship gradually developed into a family. It didn't take Jennifer long to grow comfortable in the role of Mistress and to accept the love that I poured on her and Vanessa. She soon began to thrive on it. I could also say the same for the Little Princess. She felt the happiness that filled our home and began to see me as her second father. I gave Vanessa the much needed attention that she craved, listening to her, playing with her, watching movies together, going for walks together, and reading to her at bed time. She was totally secure in the love that I had for her and her mother. 

Though Jennifer continued to have sex with her ex-husband, it wasn't long before she started to date other men. Some of them were only one-night stands, but others lasted longer. She let the guys know right up front that she wasn't interested in love or marriage. That caused most of the relationships to remain sexual in nature, which was fine by her and me. The only catch here was that Lady Jennifer expected the men to be monogamous with her, while she was free to have multiple partners. 

She never lied to them. 

They could either take it or leave it. Men were a dime a dozen to a woman like her. She could have her pick of bedroom partners. 

From my point of view, one of the good things about this was that she found people who enjoyed doing a lot of the same things that she did. Jennifer loved going to rock concerts and traveling at the spur of the moment. 

I didn't. 

This insured that the Princess always had me as a babysitter for Vanessa and didn't have to trouble her mother too often. As it was, Jennifer's mother kept Vanessa during the weekdays so that the both of us could work. I didn't mind babysitting with Vanessa. It wasn't long before I began to view her as my own daughter. When the three of us would go shopping at the mall, Jennifer would usually go into Victoria's Secret to buy something sexy to wear, while the Little Princess and I went into B. Dalton's to buy some new children's books. I don't know which of them was the happiest with their purchases. 

I should point out that not everything was picture perfect. 

Lady Jennifer had her moods and expected me to be able to read them. I once made the mistake of saying to her that if I could read minds, I'd be playing professional poker for a living and making a million dollars a year. That comment earned me a whipping with the bamboo cane. Jennifer made me take off my clothes and lie face down at the end of my bed. She bound my wrists and ankles together with leather cuffs and stuck a ball-gag into my mouth. She then began to methodically whip my bottom and the back of my thighs with sharp fast strokes of the cane, causing me to groan loudly from the burning pain. Even with the ball gag in my mouth, Vanessa heard my moans and came pounding on the bedroom door, wanting to know in her two-year-old language why I was crying. Her mother opened the door and explained that I'd been bad and was being spanked. The child understood what Jennifer was saying because a few minutes later I could hear her running around the living room, shouting, "Wayne spanked! Wayne spanked!" 

I can't say that thrilled me. 

I could just picture Vanessa letting the cat out of the bag and telling her grandmother that mommy spanks Wayne whenever he's naughty. I knew that would go over like a lead balloon. Anyway, from that point on, whenever I said "no" to something Vanessa wanted to do, she'd say to me, "Mom spank you." I'd get the message loud and clear, and then automatically roll my eyes in resignation and give in to whatever she wanted. In her own way, the child was already learning how to dominate the male species to get exactly what she desired from them. The Little Princess was definitely going to be a pistol when she reached her teens. As for the whipping that the Mistress of the house gave me that night, it taught me something that scared the living daylights out of me. Most women have a certain amount of abhorrence to inflicting physical pain on another human being. Now, I'm not talking about emotional pain. When it comes to emotional pain, no one does it better than a female. 

Physical pain, however, is something different. 

The majority of ladies in a relationship based on Female Domination have to be coerced into whipping their husbands or boyfriends. 

Not Jennifer. 

There was a bit of the sadist in her personality when it came to men, and she had no trouble giving me a hard thrashing when I deserved it. The problem was in getting her to ease up, or even to stop once she got started. 

This lady enjoyed whipping me. 

I could see it in her flushed face and in the gleam of excitement in her eyes. She became aroused by this act of power over another human being and it scared me. There was no telling what she was capable of doing when in a state of sexual excitement and this taught me one very important fact--to never provoke her under any circumstances. 

Probably the worse beating I got from Lady Jennifer during the first six months of our arrangement was on a weekend when she and her daughter were supposed to be visiting her mother. Jennifer had forgotten to take something with her that day and had come back unexpectedly after dropping the Little Princess off. I was in my bedroom with the door closed, lying on the bed, fantasizing about my Mistress having sex with one of her new boyfriends. It was the first and only time that I'd consciously disobeyed her. Of course, if I'd known she was coming back in less than hour, I certainly wouldn't have dared to take a chance on masturbating. The only excuse I could offer was that it had been too long since my last orgasm, and that I was unable to wait another month, or week, or day. At the time I still had fifteen pounds to shed, and who knew how long that was going to take. Anyway, I was so wrapped up in my sexual fantasy that I never heard Jennifer enter the house. 

I don't know what made her open my bedroom door and neither does she. I think women have a certain instinct when it comes to men being up to no good. Little alarm bells go off in their head. Something definitely made her check in on me that day, and I literally got caught with my pants down. 

When the door suddenly opened, I shouted in surprise and jumped off of the bed, trying to hide my obvious erection. 

Jennifer stood in the doorway, looking at me in shock. The only thing I could think to say was that I was sorry and that I couldn't help myself. The Princess immediately told me to get the paddle and the leather cuffs. I knew it was going to be a bad beating and begged her not to do it. I promised never to masturbate again. 

My words fell on death ears. 

When she had me bound sufficiently and gagged so that the neighbors wouldn't hear my screams for mercy, Jennifer began to paddle my bare bottom in earnest, hitting me hard and fast. Each strike of the wooden paddle took my breath away. I was crying after the first ten minutes. It didn't matter that the pain was too intense. There was no stopping my Mistress once she got started. She paddled my bottom for nearly an hour, stopping only once to get a Diet Coke out of the refrigerator. 

After the punishment came to an end, Lady Jennifer took me in her arms and told me not to cry...that it was over. She undid the leather cuffs and removed the ball gag from my mouth. She then made me get down on the floor to kiss her feet and to beg for her forgiveness. I had to kiss the hand she'd used to paddle me with and to thank her for taking the time to correct me of my wicked, wicked ways. She told me to spend the next couple of hours searching the Internet for male chastity devices and to mark the websites. My Mistress intended to check them out when she returned home later in the afternoon, and then to decide which one to order.

Unfortunately for me, the company that makes the CB-2000 and CB-3000 chastity devices for men is housed in Henderson, Nevada (on the other side of the valley) and has a store open seven days a week. We drove over there the next day and spent a $175.00 getting the right device&#8212;one that would hurt like hell trying to get off without the key to unlock it. You should have seen the smile of satisfaction on Jennifer's face when she locked the device over my penis later that night. It was clearly the sadist coming out in her. She now controlled my cock in a way that most women never think of. I couldn't be unfaithful, nor could I masturbate. It would be her decision from now on as to when I had an orgasm. My Mistress had me by the balls and loved it. 

What I didn't find out until a few months later was that Jennifer (though pissed off when catching me in the act) thought the whole incident was hilarious and even told a number of her female friends about it. I heard her talking on the telephone one day to a girlfriend and laughing about the whole experience. For her, it had been the perfect excuse to put me in a permanent chastity device without having to explain her reasoning and to control my orgasms with an iron fist. I was just beginning to realize that this kind of power was like an aphrodisiac to her. It could be said that I was bringing out the best in this lady. I know that whenever her mother came over to visit, I was always referred to as the "houseboy" because I was usually on my hands and knees scrubbing the tile floor in the kitchen, or out in the laundry room washing the family's clothes. Even Jennifer's mother could see the amazing power that she held over me. 

So far, the relationship between the three of us had worked out just fine. Everyone was happy, especially Jennifer and her daughter. That, of course, was the most important thing.

I hoped Carl wouldn't change that. 

I'd seen a gleam of mischievousness in Lady Jennifer's eyes when she'd told me about Carl and the giant bulge in his jeans. I could tell that she wanted to have sex with him and it worried me. Unlike men, women usually equated great sex with love and after a few earth-shattering orgasms, wanted to spend the rest of their lives with the guy who helped to create them. Once Jennifer had a good taste of Carl and what was in his jeans, it was no telling what would happen. 

The future would be up for grabs. 

Stepping into Jennifer's master bedroom, I saw her sitting on the end of her king-size bed wearing sheer black pantyhose and a sexy black-laced bra, putting on a pair of black leather stiletto-heeled shoes. Vanessa was lying behind her in the middle of the bed, playing with the teddy bear that I'd bought for her. The bear's name was Charlie, and so far I'd written two children's stories about the Little Princess and Charlie the Teddy Bear. I'd hired an artist to illustrate both stories and a local printer to publish them in large-size, quality hard covers so that I could give them to Vanessa as Christmas gifts. They would soon fit nicely in the stack of books beside the couch.

Lady Jennifer looked over at me and smiled brightly. 

"Did you do your three miles on the rowing machine this morning?" she asked.

"Yes, ma'am," I said.

"You know I'll check, don't you?"

"Yes, I do," I said, walking over to her and getting down on my knees so that I could kiss her feet.

"Be sure to kiss both of them."

"I intend to."

I bend over and softly kissed the feet of my Mistress, acknowledging that I was her personal slave and that I loved and worshipped her.

"How much weight do you still have to lose?" she asked.

"Two or three pounds."

"Maybe I should reward you tonight after Carl leaves," she said, standing up and smiling suggestively down at me. She moved close to me and pressed her stomach to my face. 

Smelling the scent of perfume on her body, I hugged her and then said, "I love you."

"I know."

"From what you've said about Carl, I don't think I'd be able to measure up to his him." 

"You're right," she said, heading over to her walk-in closet. "I hadn't thought about that. I guess it would be kind of embarrassing for you, wouldn't it?"

"You sure know how to boost a man's ego." 

Jennifer laughed as she entered the closet in search of something special to wear for tonight's date. A few minutes passed, then she came out wearing a black leather skirt that stopped about four inches above the knees. My Mistress was holding a black leather belt with a gold buckle in her left hand as she slipped her right arm into the long sleeve of a dark-gray silk blouse. When the blouse was finally on and buttoned down the front, she tucked the bottom half of it inside the waist of her skirt, and then zipped up the back. I loved the way the skirt hugged her hips and bottom. It was like a second skin on her, and it was sexy as hell. I watched as she placed the belt around her slim waist and fastened the gold buckle to it. On the front of the buckle were the letters L and J, standing for Lady Jennifer.

I got up and sat down on the bed. As Vanessa began to hit me in the back with the small teddy bear to get my attention, Jennifer walked over to me and turned around so that I could get the full affect of her attire. 

"You look beautiful," I said.

"Thank you," she said, happy with the compliment. "Do you think Carl will like it?"

"That's what I'm afraid of."

Lady Jennifer laughed again, pleased that I was jealous of her new boyfriend. Turning around, she went over to the dresser bureau and began to comb her long hair. Vanessa got off the bed and ran over to the dresser bureau with the bear in her left hand. She motioned for her mother to pick her up. Jennifer did, sitting the Little Princess on top of the bureau. 

"Maybe I'll just have you service me after Carl leaves," Jennifer said. "Would you like that?"

"Yes, Mistress."

She put down the hairbrush and picked up a tube of red lipstick. As she applied the lipstick to her full lips, Vanessa pointed to her own lips and gestured that she wanted her mother to put some of it on her. Jennifer bend down and put a little bit of the lipstick on her daughter's mouth, and then kissed her on the cheek. 

Standing up, I walked over and picked up Vanessa in my arms and carried her into the living room as Lady Jennifer grabbed her black purse, turned off the lights, and followed us out of the bedroom.

"Ready to cook some popcorn and watch a movie?" I said to Vanessa.

"Shrek," she said.

"That's right." 

We went into the kitchen, and I sat the Little Princess down on the counter next to the sink. I got a small plastic glass out the cabinet and put some ice into it. I then filled it halfway with some grape Kool-Aid and handed it to her. Vanessa sat Charlie down in the sink and took hold of the glass with both hands and began to drink greedily from it. You'd think that the child hadn't had anything to drink all day. 

I turned on the right front burner on the stove and placed the aluminum container of Jippy Pop popcorn on top of it. While I was waiting for the container to heat up, Jennifer walked into the kitchen.

"Carl's late," she said.

I looked at the clock on the stove and saw that it was ten after eight. "Well," I said, "if he doesn't show up, you can always stay home and eat some popcorn and watch Shrek 2 with us."

"That would ruin your fantasy," she said. "You want Carl to show up as much as I do." 

"I doubt that."

"Oh, I can read you like a book."

"Yeah?"

"Yeah, buddy," she said, laughing. "You want to lay on your bed and listen to me moan out loud in the throes of passion as Carl gives me something very, very special tonight." 

"Jesus," I said.

"Does that about cover it?"

"Uh&#8212;" 

"Don't worry," she said. "Your fantasy will be fulfilled tonight, and so will mine."

"I'm getting hot just thinking about it."

"So am I," she said. 

"You want some more Kool-Aid?" I asked Vanessa. "Or do you want to wait until the popcorn is cooked?"

"Wait," she said, handing me back the plastic glass. 

I took the glass and sat it down in the sink next to Charlie. I grabbed the hand towel from off the draining rack and used it to take hold of the handle on the popcorn container. It was heating up. I could hear the kernels inside of it beginning to pop. I started shaking the container back and forth.

Jennifer was tickling her daughter and making strange farting sounds on her neck when the doorbell suddenly rang.

"He's here," I said. 

Giving Vanessa a kiss on the cheek and me a very wet kiss on the lips, Lady Jennifer went to answer the front door. The aluminum foil that covered the top of the container had mushroomed up into a big metal balloon filled with hot popcorn. I turned the front burner off and moved the container to the back burner so that it could cool down before I opened it. I put a couple of more ice cubes into Vanessa's glass, and then poured her some more Kool-Aid. 

"I want you to meet Carl," Jennifer's voice said behind me.

I turned around and saw a tall guy with blond hair who was in his mid-thirties, wearing tight designer jeans, cowboy boots, a long-sleeved white shirt, and a sports jacket. He had kind of a rugged out-doors look as if he went camping a lot. I tried not to look, but couldn't help myself. Damn, if he didn't have a huge bulge in the front of his jeans. I looked up at Jennifer and she winked at me.

"This is my daughter, Vanessa," she said to him. 

"Hi, Vanessa," Carl said.

Vanessa gave him her little hand wave as she attempted to hold the plastic glass in the other.

"And this is Wayne, my roommate," Jennifer said.

"Hi," I said to Carl, holding out my right hand.

We shook hands like long-lost brothers. 

I couldn't help but wonder how Jennifer was going to be able to handle something that BIG! She didn't seem worried about it. If anything, she was filled with avid anticipation, counting the minutes until she could finally spread her legs and accept his giant organ into her body. I bet she'd have an orgasm the moment he entered her. 

"Well," my Mistress said, "we need to get going."

"Nice to meet you," Carl said.

"Same here," I said, thinking if only you knew. 

I grabbed Vanessa and sat her down on the floor. Together, we followed the couple to the front door. Jennifer gave her daughter another hug and then walked out into the night. I locked the door behind them.

"Let's start the movie," I said to the Little Princess. 

I got the DVD of Shrek 2 out of its plastic container and placed it in the tray of the player. I turned on the television, adjusted the volume, and hit the "play" button on the remote so that the tray would close. I sat Vanessa down on the couch and told her not spill any Kool-Aid. 

She wiggled her nose at me like Nicole Kidman in Bewitched. 

I returned to the kitchen and poured the popcorn into a large plastic bowel, topped it off with some salt, and took it into the living room. I sat the bowel on the couch beside my little companion so that she could reach into it and get something to eat. I took the remote and pushed the "play" icon on the TV screen to start the movie. I then went back into the kitchen and got Charlie and a cold Dr. Pepper, and hurried back into the living room to sit down on the couch.

The movie was already in progress! 

We watched that and then part of The Shark Tale. By then it was after ten o'clock and Vanessa was fast asleep on the couch with Charlie resting comfortably in her lap. I picked the Little Princess up, along with her teddy bear, and carried both of them into her bedroom. I tucked them under the covers, turned off the lamp on the nightstand, and went back out into the living room, leaving the bedroom door halfway open and the nightlight on. 

I quickly cleaned up the mess in the living room, not that there was much to do, and took the bowel and glass into the kitchen to wash. When that was done, I put the DVDs away and watched the last third of a movie on HBO about life after death, called What Dreams May Come. Robin Williams and Cuba Gooding, Jr. were in it, and the whole thing was designed to be a real tearjerker, especially at the end. Though I'd already seen the movie a dozen times over the last five years, I still wiped a couple of tears from my eyes before turning off the television. I switched off the lights in the living room, but left the foyer light on so that Jennifer and Carl wouldn't trip over each other when they returned.

I went into my room and lay down on top of the bedcovers, leaving the door partly open and the lights off, and waited anxiously for them to return, only to finally doze off as the hours passed slowly by. The hard shaking of my shoulder gradually awoke me from a deep and very troubled sleep. 

I'd been dreaming.

Or maybe it was a nightmare that I was having. 

In the dream, it was the beginning of summer, and I was standing near a lovely meadow that was surrounded by snow-capped mountains in the far distance. I felt lost and alone. I looked around, but couldn't see anything that seemed familiar to me. I didn't know what to do. For some strange reason it seemed as if an important part of me was missing. Then, I suddenly saw Jennifer standing on a hill not far from where I was. She was wearing a white spring dress with what appeared to be red roses on it. There were sandals on her feet and a white cotton shawl around her shoulders. I yelled her name, and she slowly turned around and looked down at me. I waved. She smiled for a moment, and then turned back around and walked away, disappearing over the crest of the hill. I shouted her name again. It didn't do any good. I started running faster than I'd ever run before, not wanting to lose the woman I loved. The faster I ran, however, the further away she appeared. The last thing I remember was saying the word no over and over again as tears flooded my eyes, and I realized that I'd just lost my heart and soul and the inner essence of who I was as a human being. 

"Are you okay?" Jennifer asked as she shook my shoulder. "What's wrong, honey? I could hear you crying when I entered the house a minute ago. Are you okay? You couldn't seem to catch your breath, and you kept yelling the word no over and over again. Did you miss me that much?"

"You have no idea," I said, opening my eyes. I wiped the tears from them and tried to readjust to the reality I was now faced with. "I feel drained."

"Talk to me."

"What time is it?"

"Quarter to four," she said. "What happened?" 

"It's nothing. Just a dream."

"A sad dream?"

"Yes."

"Why was it so sad, baby?" 

"I...uh...lost somebody in it." 

"Who was it?"

"Just somebody."

"Tell me."

"Maybe later." 

"I'm starting to get the strange feeling that you have a girlfriend on the side," my Mistress said. "Are you cheating on me behind my back?" 

"No way."

"It sure seems like it to me."

"I love you, Jennifer, and nobody else. You must know that by now. I've never loved anybody half as much as I love you."

"Then the dream had to be about me, didn't it?" 

"I...uh...don't remember." 

"I think you just don't want to tell me."

"Where's Carl?"

"You're trying to change the subject, buddy."

"No, I'm not."

"Let's go to my room," she said. "I want to get out of these clothes."

"Okay."

We got up and walked down the dimly lit hallway to Jennifer's bedroom. She turned on the light, and then headed over to the walk-in closet. I closed the bedroom door, moved over to the bed, sat down on the end of it, and waited for her to get undressed as I attempted to come down from the emotional turmoil of the crazy dream.

"Do you want me to tell you what happened tonight?" she asked, entering the enclosure."

"Absolutely." 

"Then tell me about the dream."

"Not fair."

"Who said anything about being fair?" 

"It was just a dream," I repeated.

"So tell me about it."

Jennifer came sauntering out of the closet, wearing only her black pantyhose and high-heels. She literally took my breath away. I could feel a hundred thousand years of evolution taking hold of me as my face became flushed with sexual desire and my penis started expanding in size with anticipation. My Mistress had deliberately not put the CB-2000 on me tonight. I was finally to be rewarded for the weight I'd lost during the past six months. It was hard not to stare at her with open lust as she approached me with her hips swaying seductively from side to side. My mouth went dry, and I found it difficult to swallow. 

"Are you nervous?" she asked.

"Yes." 

"Get down on your knees." 

"Yes, ma'am."

I eased off the bed and got down on the carpeted floor, kneeling before my Goddess like a humble servant. I watched as Lady Jennifer moved closer to me, a smile of delight playing upon her red lips at the dazzling affect she was having on me. It was almost over-powering. I felt the submissive side of my personality coming out in full force. I wanted to prostrate myself before this stunning creature with my head bowed, yearning only to please her in whatever capacity she desired. 

"Do you like what you see?"

"Yes, Mistress," I said. "I think you're the most beautiful woman I've ever known."

"Compliments will get you everywhere tonight."

Lady Jennifer pressed the front of her body to my face, and then began to run the fingers of her right hand through my thick, black hair. Not being able to help myself, I placed my hands on the side of her legs and felt the sensuous texture of nylon against warm flesh. I could smell her intoxicating scent as well as the musk of recent sex. It was making me hard as a rock.

"I love you so much," I said.

She took a step back and looked down at me. The smile on her face widened in pleasure at the bulge in the front of my kaki shorts. "It's not as big as Carl's," she said in a teasing tone of voice, "but it's still nice to know that I'm appreciated." "Thanks a lot."

"Oh, I'm just getting started."

"I thought both of you were coming back here tonight."

"We were," she said, "but Carl got cold feet at the last second. He was afraid that Vanessa would pop in on us when least expected." 

"Did you tell him that she sleeps like a log?"

Jennifer nodded her head and then said, "It didn't do any good." She pressed back up against me, rubbing her mons veneris against my lips and chin. "He'll be more comfortable the next time we get together." 

"And when will that be?"

"Tomorrow night."

"Wow, the sex must've been great!"

"If I tell you how fabulous it was, you'll probably cry again."

"No, I won't.

"Yes, you will," she said.

"How do you know?"

"Because you're a man, and you're insecure."

"I'm not insecure."

"All men are insecure."

"Carl must've really rocked your boat," I said, attempting to change the subject to a more comfortable topic. 

"He certainly did."

"So the bulge is real?"

"All eight-and-a-half inches of it."

"I am going to cry."

"It's okay, honey," she said. "I'm not going to leave you for him. He's too self-centered. The guy actually believes that he is God's gift to women because he has a nice car and a big dick."

"He is God's gift to women."

"I don't think so."

"You're going out with him again, aren't you?"

"So?"

"You just proved my point."

"I never said that I wasn't going to fuck him again," Jennifer said, grabbing a handful of my hair and bending my head back. She pointed the index finger of her other hand at my nose. "I am. Every chance I get, and you're just going to have to deal with it. His cock has changed my entire outlook on sex. I don't think I'll be getting a headache with Carl."

"You're so cruel."

"That's why you love me."

"I know."

"Kiss the inside of my thighs."

She released the hold on my head, and I bent down a little so that I could run my tongue up the inside of her legs. I turned my face slightly to the side and began to run the tip of my tongue softly over her thighs, gently kissing each of them, feeling how wet and slippery and sticky the nylon was, and then moving further upward to the white cotton crotch of her pantyhose and tasting the salty, pungent juices that soaked it.

"That feels so good," she said.

I let out a low moan of excitement as I continued to lick and kiss and tease my Mistress with the slow circular motions of my tongue, wanting her to get hot with sexual desire, needing her to yearn for the tip of my tongue on clitoris so that she could cum again and to thrash madly around on the bed with her slave's head buried between her legs. 

"Do you like what you're tasting?" she asked.

"Yes," I muttered. 

"Carl ejaculated three times inside of me." 

I stopped what I was doing and stared up at her.

"His semen has been running out of me since I left his apartment. That's why my pantyhose is so sticky down there." 

"Thanks for sharing that tidbit of information."

"You're going to have a lot of cleaning up to do in a few minutes."

"Really?" 

"Uh-huh."

"I don't know if I can do that."

"You can, and you will."

"But&#8212;"

"Wayne, you know how much I enjoy it when you go down on me after I've have sex with other men," Jennifer said. "Not only do I have stronger orgasms when you do that, but it also demonstrates your unadulterated love for me and how willing you are to serve me completely as a slave. You claim to worship me. Well, tonight is your chance to prove it." 

"Yes, Lady Jennifer."

"Are there going to be any other problems?"

"No, ma'am.

"I hope not for your sake."

"How was the sex with him?"

"First, tell me about your dream," she said, laughing again, but this time at the sad expression on my face, "and then I'll tell you about the sex."

"Yes, ma'am." 

"I'm waiting."

"Let me get my thoughts together."

"You're stalling."

"No, I'm not."

"I'm getting tired of this," my Mistress said, turning around and walking over to the dresser bureau. She stopped about two feet away from it, and then leaned forward, grabbing the edge of the bureau to support her upper body. She looked back at me and said, "Crawl over here and pay homage to your Goddess."

I knew exactly what Jennifer wanted as I moved eagerly over to her on my hands and knees. She loved it when I kissed her gorgeous bottom in homage to her power as a female. 

So did I. 

It was one of those dominant/submissive things that I didn't mind doing. In other words, I needed no encouragement to kiss her ass. I could do it all day long and not get tired. It had such a strong affect on me that sometimes I could almost cum by satisfying her in this manner. Hell, if the truth were known, this is something I would've gladly paid her to let me do because I loved it so much. 

Jennifer knew this, too.

After one marriage in which little attention was paid to her, she now thrived on having a man who got off on kissing and worshipping her heart-shaped ass. She knew how to use the power of her body to dominate me and to keep me coming back for more. I remember hearing her on the telephone one night, talking to a girlfriend. Jennifer told her how she used to think that a man who kissed his wife's ass was nothing but a wimp; but now, she wouldn't have it any other way. She wanted the man to know his rightful place in the scheme of things, which according to her was on his knees with his mouth pressed firmly to her bottom.

"I can't feel your hot lips," she said.

"Just give me a moment. You know how much I love to look at your buttocks, especially when you're wearing sexy pantyhose."

"You do you want to kiss it, don't you, Forest?"

"Yes, ma'am!" 

"Then tell me about your dream."

"Ah, shit," I said.

"Tell me!"

"Okay, you win."

"Did you lose me?" she asked. "Is that why you were crying so hard when I came home?"

"Yes."

"Then I don't blame you for sobbing like a baby," my Mistress said, looking back at me. "Any man would cry his eyes out if he lost me. After all, I am a Goddess."

"Very funny."

"It made you smile." 

"That wasn't a smile," I said.

"What was it?"

"It was a grimace." 

"A grimace?" 

"Yes," I said, "A grimace that was brought on by your meager attempt at humor." 

"Maybe I should just smack you across the face?"

"That would probably work much better." 

"Nah," she said. "You'd just cry."

"No, I wouldn't."

"Want to bet?"

"Whenever we bet," I said, "you always win."

"I know."

"I wonder why?" 

"It's because I'm a woman, and I'm always right."

"My lips are sealed on that statement," I said, smiling up at her. 

"See, I made you smile again, smarty pants."

"Yeah?"

"Yeah," Jennifer said. "Now, why don't you tell me about this mind-numbing dream that caused you to break down and cry like a little girl."

"I was crying like a woman, not a little girl."

"No, you were crying like Vanessa does when she can't find Charlie, or when we're out of grape Kool-Aid."

"Was not."

Lady Jennifer wiggled her bottom playfully at me, and then said, "I'm waiting to hear about the dream."

"Okay."

"Well?"

"After I put Vanessa to bed," I said, "I watched the last third of What Dreams May Come on television. It's one of my favorite movies. I've probably seen it at least a dozen times."

"I've seen it, too." 

"Robin Williams is in it."

"I'm not too crazy about Robin Williams. He doesn't turn me on. Pierce Brosnan on the other hand would have been great in the lead role. I could see him coming to rescue me. I would've been standing outside that house in hell, waving a red flag at him."

"Please let me tell the story."

"So now you're in a hurry to tell me about the dream."

"Yes.

"Well, I promise not to interrupt again." 

"Anyway," I said, "What Dreams May Come is a really great film about soul mates and life after death."

"I want to hear about the dream!"

"I'm getting to it, if you'd just be quiet for a second."

"Where's the paddle? I need to beat your ass tonight."

"In the dream I had, it was early summer, and you and I were standing in a large beautiful meadow on opposite sides. I called out your name. You turned and waved at me."

"Was Carl there?"

"No!"

"Too bad," Jennifer said. "He would have added some spice to the story."

"You're starting to drive me crazy."

"It's called payback."

"Do you want to hear the rest of the story?"

"Yes, darling. Please continue."

"After you waved at me in the dream, you turned away and walked over the crest of a hill, disappearing from my sight."

"You let me get away?" she asked.

"No, I ran after you as fast as I could. I kept calling your name. The faster I ran, however, the further away you seemed. I finally reached a point where I knew in my heart that I was losing you forever, and I started yelling no over and over again."

"That was some dream."

"I know."

"It kind of reminds me of a movie I saw." 

"Don't say it."

"I think Robin Williams was in it."

"See, that's why I didn't want to tell you about my dream," I said. "I knew you'd make fun of me."

"You don't have to run anymore," she said, "because here I am."

"Yeah, but for how long?"

"You keep being a good slave, and it might be forever."

"Seriously?"

"I've put too much hard work into training you to risk someone else reaping the benefits. Besides, what woman in her right mind would give up a relationship like this? I can finally have my cake and eat it, too."

"Yes, you can." 

"Let's go to bed," she said.

"I was wondering when you would say that."

"Kiss my pretty ass, slave, and then you can take off my shoes and pantyhose."

I quickly did all three things.

"Pick me up and carry me over to bed," she commanded.

I picked Jennifer up and carried her over to the bed, trying not to grunt from the effort. 

"I can see it in your eyes," she said. "Whatever you're thinking, you'd better not say it, unless you want me to spend the rest of the night paddling your ass."

"No, ma'am."

I laid her down on top of the covers in the center of the bed, took off my clothes, and then stretched out alongside of her. We swiftly moved into each other's arms and kissed passionately. I could feel her right hand reach down and take hold of my penis, feverishly stroking it until I was standing at full attention and about to cum in her hand. Our lips couldn't get enough of each other. I longed to become one with the woman I loved, to melt into her, to enter the hot wetness of her body. She sensed how close I was to ejaculating and unexpectedly released her hold. 

"No, not yet," she whispered to me. "You have to first perform your duties as a slave."

Lady Jennifer spread her legs apart and guided my head down between them, telling me that I was the only one who could please her so deliciously with my tongue. I could now feel both of her hands on my head, pushing my face into the wetness of her womanhood, urging me to lap at her sex like a personal pet and to taste what Carl had left behind. I slowly ran the tip of my tongue up between the fleshy folds of her vagina, encountering the slippery substance that her new boyfriend had ejaculated into her so many times before allowing her to return to me. I was definitely impressed with his ability as a lover." 

"Can you taste him?" she asked.

"Yes, Mistress."

"Good. Get used to it. I intend to have you cleaning up after him several times a week if I can arrange it."

"Your wish is my command."

"Keep working that tongue of yours, slave, and I don't mean by talking."

"Yes, ma'am."

She squeezed her thighs together to shut me up, and then grabbed a handful of my hair and jerked hard on it, letting me know that she was getting impatient and wanted me to continue servicing her with my tongue. I focused my attention on her clitoris, sensing a shift in her body and an eagerness of what was to come.

"That's it, baby," she moaned. The muscles in her thighs flexed and tightened as an orgasm began to build. "Eat me!"

I relentlessly teased the tiny bud of pleasure at the top of her vagina, moving the tip of my tongue around and around, sometimes adding direct pressure to the hard piece of flesh, while at other times, staying at the outer regions until she couldn't take it anymore and jerked wildly at my hair, silently demanding that I place my tongue back on her clit. 

It took a few minutes, but when Lady Jennifer's first orgasm finally arrived, it was an explosion of immense proportions and her scream of pleasure could be heard throughout the house. I was afraid for a moment that it might wake up Vanessa, but that little girl could sleep through a wild herd of cattle running through her bedroom. The second orgasm for my Mistress came even more quickly, and I was worried that her thighs would actually break my jaw as they squeezed my face like a vise. Her hands moved to the back of my head and kept my face pressed tightly into the heat of her vortex. I couldn't breathe for a minute and wondered if I would die of suffocation. Jennifer finally eased up on the pressure and allowed me to pull back for a second so that I could take a deep breath. 

"Don't think for a moment that you're finished," my Mistress said in a husky tone of voice as she attempted to catch her own breath. "Not by a long shot. You're just getting started. When the sun comes up, you're still going to be lapping at my body like a little puppy dog with a bowl of milk." 

She was telling the truth, too.

The outside sun was just rising in the east when Jennifer finally pushed my head away from her body and told me to go to my own bedroom to sleep. My tongue and jaw ached in ways I couldn't believe. I didn't think I'd be able to talk normally for at least two days. I climbed off of the bed and watched her get under the covers. She then told me that I'd been an exceptionally good slave that night and that she loved me. By the time I walked out of the bedroom, I could hear her snoring softly in her sleep. 

I went back to my room and eventually slept for a few hours. I was suddenly awaken at 9:00AM by the Little Princess shaking my shoulder, demanding that I get up and cook her some pancakes and watch cartoons with her. Actually, she was only saying two words over and over again&#8212;"cakes" and "toons." 

What could I do, but obey the other Princess of the house.

"As you wish," I said, remembering Wesley's reply to Princess Buttercup's every command in the movie, The Princess Bride.









It was a quiet Saturday morning with the temperature in the low seventies. The sky was blue, and the sun was out in all of its majesty with hardly a white cloud to be seen. 

I was standing barefooted at the kitchen sink in an old pair of cut-off jeans, looking out the large glass window at Aaron, the pool boy. My eyes followed him as he slowly walked around the swimming pool, skimming leaves from the top of the water with a net at the end of a long, blue metal pole. It was the second week in October and leaves were starting to drop from the oak tree in the corner of the back yard, creating a mess in the pool. Aaron usually came out every three weeks during the summer months to change the chlorine tablets in the plastic duck that floated around in the water, and to clean out any debris that had built up in the pool's filter. 

This would be his last visit until spring of next year. 

I knew Lady Jennifer was going to be pissed off at having missed him. I mean the guy's an eighteen-year-old Greek God with long, brown, wavy hair that almost touches his shoulders, and he has soft hazel eyes that can melt a woman in her tracks. Though Aaron was now wearing a red "Running Rebels" T-shirt from UNLV, along with his usual kaki shorts and brown Topsiders, I'd seen him many times without a shirt on, and his six-pack abs would definitely make Brad Pitt envious with desire. 

My Mistress wanted to fuck Aaron, but had been holding back all summer, refusing to make a move other than to occasionally tease him when she would lie topless out by the pool with nothing on but her black bikini thong. The poor kid barely survived those planned encounters. I think the only reason Jennifer hadn't gobbled him up yet is that she'd been waiting for him to turn eighteen, which had finally happened at the end of September. He was now prime bait for the hungry cougars that were hunting for handsome young stud muffins to sexually satisfy them. 

Poor Jennifer!

She'd probably take her anger out on me, which was okay. It had been several weeks since my last whipping, and I was overdo for one. There were times when I needed to feel the cruel touch of the bamboo cane, or riding crop, across my naked body, cleansing me of my demons, purifying me so that I might serve my Mistress with more diligence and openness. This would also be the perfect weekend for a punishment session since Jennifer's two-year-old daughter, Vanessa, was spending it with her dad. When Lady Jennifer and I were alone in the house, she had a tendency to let go and to do whatever popped into her diabolical mind, no matter how wild or crazy it might be. 

Anything was possible. 

Last night, after taking the Little Princess over to her father's apartment, Jennifer had gone out on date with Carl. They'd been seeing each other for almost two months, usually at least once or twice a week. Though my Mistress thought Carl was an arrogant male chauvinistic pig who placed too much emphasis on the material things that he owned (not to mention his large cock), she loved fucking his brains out and would do it every chance she got. 

Still, I hadn't expected her to spend the night with him. 

Jennifer had implied to me before leaving last night that all she intended to do was have sex with him, and then come back home and get a good night's sleep. She wanted to be rested up when Aaron arrived this morning to make his final rounds. 

I knew that something must've happened. 

My guess was that she and Carl had smoked some reefer, fucked like bunny rabbits for most of the night, and then fallen into the kind of sleep that's usually brought on by good marijuana and fantastic sex. I figured that if she showed up before Aaron left, it would be a miracle. Glancing at the clock on the stove, I saw that it was 11:17AM. I gave Aaron another thirty minutes before he'd be finished for the day and out of here till next year. 

I suddenly heard the front door burst open and then close with a loud bang as I was getting a cold Dr. Pepper out of the refrigerator. Lady Jennifer came storming into kitchen, her high-heels clicking at break-necking speed on the tiled floor. 

"How long has Aaron been here?" she asked, sounding out of breath.

"Twenty-five minutes," I said.

"Thank God, I made it." 

I took a sip of my soda and watched her walk quickly over to the sink and stare out the window with avid fascination. I could picture the woman I loved licking her lips in anticipation as she carefully planned her next move. My Mistress didn't have much time to set things up. About the only thing she could do was to step outside and ask Aaron point blank if he wanted to have sex with her after he finished cleaning the pool.

Jennifer was just ballsy enough to do it, too. 

My eyes began to move up and down my Mistress, taking in her beauty and sexually like a starved alley cat in search of something to eat. I hadn't had an orgasm in nearly four weeks and I was about to go crazy. Jennifer kept me in a constant state of sexual heat by forcing me to wear a CB-2000 male chastity device at night, on the weekends, and whenever I was left alone. It hadn't taken this lady long to realize how much more obedient and attentive I was to her demands when orgasm denial was applied to my training. The longer I went without an orgasm, the more I tried to please her in whatever way I could, hoping that she would eventually have pity on me. Even now, I could feel my caged penis straining to expand as I took in her black sling-back high-heels, the gold anklet around her right ankle (the key to my chastity device hung from it), the black thigh-high nylons, the black Catholic school-girl's skirt that barely hid the dark top of her stockings, the long-sleeved dark-green silk blouse that was just a little tight against her full breasts. I also knew what she had on underneath the outfit. I'd watched her get dressed for her hot date the night before as Vanessa was taking a bath. I had watched my Mistress with pure lust in my eyes as she'd slipped into a pair of black-laced panties with a high French cut, followed by a matching bra. I suspect that Carl had been very pleased with her choice of lingerie to wear. 

I put the can of Dr. Pepper down on the counter and then moved quietly up behind her. "How did it go with Carl?" I asked, getting down on my knees and running my hands gently up her gorgeous legs. I loved the way her legs felt incased in nylons. 

If only I didn't have the damn chastity device on, I thought sadly to myself. 

I ran my hands up under her pleaded skirt and felt the bare skin between her stockings and panties. 

"What are you doing?" she said. 

"I can't help myself."

"You just want to know how many times Carl and I had sex," she said, giggling to herself. "How would you like to clean up after two men today, instead of one?"

"Oh, baby, that would be so hot."

"I think so, too."

I lifted up the back of her skirt and softly kissed her panty-covered bottom. Lady Jennifer liked it when I did that. It was one of the ways I expressed my love for her. "How many times did Carl cum inside you?" I asked.

"I lost count," she said, wiggling her heart-shaped ass against my wanton mouth, delighting at the feel of my tongue as it caressed the cheeks of her bottom. "It was definitely a lot."

"Have you cleaned yourself?"

"No, I was saving it for you."

"Thank you," I murmured.

I wanted to pull her panties down so that I could bury the tip of my tongue into the delicious crack of her ass and worship her properly. But, I knew that my Mistress was eager to get outside so that she could talk to Aaron. As the old saying goes, "All things come to those who are patient."

I kissed her ass one last time and then stood back up. "Why don't you take Aaron a cold Dr. Pepper?" I said. 

"Good idea."

Moving over to the refrigerator, I opened the door, reached inside, and took out another can of soda. I handed it to Jennifer. She smiled gratefully at me, then turned around and opened the back door. I watched as she stepped outside onto the patio and walked seductively over to Aaron, holding out the cold soft drink for him. I couldn't imagine any man resisting a walk like that from a beautiful woman. It was all designed to let him know that she was sexually available and that she was anxious to get it on with him. Aaron's eyes were already wide with expectation and glowing with a wild excitement at finally seeing Jennifer this morning. He was already eating her up in his mind as he reached out for the can of soda and thanked her. They talked for several minutes, and then his mouth dropped open in surprise for a moment, followed by a quick nod of his head. My Mistress turned around and walked back to the kitchen, her hot ass swishing from side to side, and a big shit-eating grin on her face. I knew then that she'd scored a bull's-eye, and that Aaron would be between her legs in less than thirty minutes with his hard cock buried as deeply into her as he could get it. 

God, it made me so hot just thinking about the two of them together, moaning and grunting and panting and thrusting and screaming out in the throes of passion as one orgasm after another rippled through them. Once my Mistress had a taste of this young stud, she was going to want to see him as often as possible. Her panties would get soaking wet just by thinking about him and the pleasure his cock could bring. 

"What on earth did you say to Aaron," I asked as Jennifer entered the kitchen and shut the door behind her. "Look at the expression of his face. The poor kid is still in a state of shock."

Jennifer glanced out the window and laughed when she saw the look on his young face. "Aaron's not a kid," she said. "He's a young man eager to fuck his first woman. And stop acting as if you feel sorry for him. I know exactly what you're thinking, Wayne. I can read you like a book."

"Then tell me what I'm thinking."

Turning around, my Mistress stepped over to me and shoved me up against the counter. She pressed her luscious body to mine, placing her arms around my neck, and then kissing me passionately on the lips. I groaned from the excitement of what she was doing, knowing that I was being played like a well-tuned piano. Her left hand dropped to the front of my jeans, and she gripped the hard plastic cage that protruded outward from inside of them. I could feel the blood rushing to my penis, but with the cage on, there was no way for me to get an erection. Jennifer's tongue pushed its way into my opened mouth, and I felt it probing and teasing me in the most unmerciful ways. I was so hungry for this woman. I wanted to devour her...to suck her tongue...to lick her ass...and to fuck her pussy as the other men had done countless times before. 

Pushing away from me, Jennifer looked down at the bulge in the front of my cut-offs. She knew how hard my cock was straining against the plastic cage, and it pleased her. She literally had me by the balls and loved being able to squeeze them to her little heart's content. I belonged to her. I was her property, and she could do whatever she wanted with me, and I wouldn't complain or resist. My Mistress knew this, too. It gave her a multitude of reasons to tease me, to humiliate me in the most shameful ways, to physically hurt me with unbelievable pain, and to make me want her all the more. Few women ever experienced this kind of control over a man, and the power it generated was intoxicating. 

Lifting her head, she looked into my dark eyes and said, "Do you really want me to tell you what's on your mind?" 

"Yep," I said somewhat breathlessly.

"You're hoping to get lucky today, Wayne."

"I am?"

"Uh, huh."

"What makes you say that?"

Lady Jennifer laughed out loud at the stupid question. "I would think it's pretty obvious."

"Oh, yeah?"

"Baby, you've wanted to fuck me since the first time you saw me walking through the casino. Women know these things about a man. I could always sense you looking at my legs and ass, mentally stripping me. You probably had fantasies of bending me over the dice table and fucking me from behind like some dog in heat."

"How did you know?"

"Because I thought about it more than once myself."

"You did?"

"Sure," she said. "I used to imagine you forcing me face down over the side of the table, lifting my skirt up and ripping out the back of my pantyhose, and shoving your hard cock all the way into me."

"I never knew that."

"There was no reason for you to know about my fantasies. Still, I had them. Sometimes when I would come into the Box Office to run reports, I could literally feel the lust in your eyes as you tried to get a peek up my skirt. It used to make me so wet."

"Well, am I going to get lucky after Aaron leaves?"

"I haven't made up my mind, yet," she said. "I want to have intercourse with you, but&#8212;"

"But what?"

"A Mistress isn't supposed to have sex with her slave. All the books and articles say so. Allowing a slave to perform oral sex on you is one thing, but intercourse is definitely a no-no. Once a slave fucks his Mistress, it takes away her power." 

"What a bunch of poppycock."

"Poppycock?" 

"That's a word before your time. It means nonsense."

"I'm not saying no to the idea. I just have to think about it some more. We'll see how good you are today."

"Promises...promises."

"Watch your mouth, or you may get a whipping instead."

"So, what did you say to Aaron?" I asked to change the subject.

Jennifer thought about it for a moment and then laughed at the memory of a few minutes ago. "I told that sweet young boy that I'd been in heat for him all summer," she said. "I explained how I'd been waiting for his eighteenth birthday to arrive so that I could give him a very special present."

"What did he say?"

"He wanted to know about the present."

"And?"

"I told him that I was the present."

"It's a small wonder Aaron didn't faint at that grand announcement. I know that I would've."

"His mouth did kind of drop open a little when I told him what I was planning to do with you," she said with a mischievous smile on her face. "He was worried that you might unexpectedly pop in during the middle of our tryst."

"Tryst?" 

"Actually, he used the term fucking to describe what we'd soon be doing."

"That sounds more realistic," I said. "And what exactly are you going to do with me while the both of you are experiencing eternal bliss?"

"I'm going to tie you up and put you in my bedroom closet," she said. "That really turned Aaron on. He likes the idea of you being made to watch while he takes me."

"This is starting to sound like a Jackie Collins novel."

"I know."

"Are you really going to tie me up and put me in your closet?"

"Absolutely," she said. "Aaron might be able to give you some helpful pointers on how to please a woman when I finally allow you the pleasure of fucking me."

"Oh, that hurts."

"Good."

"Then why the shocked expression on his face?"

"Oh, that," she said, laughing to herself. "I told him that as part of his birthday present, I was going to put him across my knee and spank his bare bottom really hard."

"You're kidding?"

"Nope."

"Come on, Jen."

"I told Aaron that he's going to get a spanking before we have sex."

"You are so bad, lady!"

"I know," she said. There was a big, silly grin on her face that reminded me of a Cheshire cat. "Don't you just love me?"

"Yes, I do." I put the can of Dr. Pepper on the counter, then got down on my knees again and kissed both of her feet. "I love you so much, Jennifer. Sometimes it makes my heart hurt."

"Do you worship me, slave?"

"You know how much I worship you."

"Show me."

I lifted her skirt back up and kissed the crotch of her black panties, tasting the slippery residue of Carl's semen in the cotton.

"Very good," she said.

"You know how bad I want this."

"That will have to wait till Aaron leaves."

"I don't know if I can."

"You can, and you will," she stated, satisfied with my demonstration. "Now, get up and let's go to the bedroom. I need to get you ready. Aaron will be finished in a few minutes, and I don't want to waste any precious time. He still has a few more pools to clean today so he can't spend more than an hour with me."

I let her skirt fall back down and got slowly to my feet. My Mistress quickly led the way to her master bedroom. Once inside the large room, she opened her cedar chest and took out a pair of leather wrist cuffs, a pair of ankle cuffs, and a couple of locks. She ordered me to take off my shorts, and then enter the walk-in closet and lie face down on the shag carpet. It took less than three minutes for her to fasten my wrists together, and then my ankles. To make matters worse, she then locked my ankles to my wrists, making the position very uncomfortable. 

"I like you bound and helpless," Jennifer said, standing there in front of me, her shoes only inches from my face. Moving the toe of her right sling back to my lips, she said, "Suck it, slave." 

I opened my mouth and greedily took the toe of her shoe in and sucked it and licked it like the well-trained slave that I was. Lady Jennifer watched me for several seconds before removing her shoe from my mouth. She then lifted her skirt, pulled down her black panties, and stepped out of them. Squatting down, she told me to open my mouth nice and wide, and then she stuffed her underwear into it.

"You can suck Carl's cum out of the crotch while Aaron's fucking me," she said. "After all, I don't want you to feel left out."

Closing the white accordion doors to the closet, she walked out of the bedroom and down the hallway to get her new lover. I stared through the wooden slats in the two doors, anxiously waiting for what was about to happen. I didn't know who was the most excited out of the three of us.

Ten minutes passed before Lady Jennifer came back into the bedroom, leading Aaron by the hand. Even from the closet, I could tell how nervous he was. I thought it probably had more to do with the spanking that he was going to get than with fucking Jennifer. Sitting down on the end of her bed, my Mistress crossed her legs and stared up at him.

"Take off your clothes and shoes," she said.

"Uh, I don't know about being spanked," Aaron said hesitantly.

"What's to know? I'm going to give you eighteen smacks on your tight, little bottom as a way of saying happy birthday."

"Can't we just have sex?"

"No. You have to earn that privilege."

"Really?"

"Yes, Aaron." 

"I mean, I haven't been spanked since I was like six years old," he said.

"Then it's time you got another one."

"Let me think about it for a moment."

"Listen, Aaron," Jennifer said. "You can either accept the spanking, or I can get out my strap-on and use that on you."

"A strap-on?"

"Yes, darling, a strap-on?"

"What's that?"

My Mistress smiled up at him. "A strap-on is an especially made leather harness that fits snuggly around a woman like a tight panty," she explained. "A six-inch rubber dildo is then slipped down into the front of the harness and two short leather straps are snapped over the base of it to hold it firmly in place while the lady fucks the man in the ass."

"What?"

"You heard me."

"What kind of guy would want to be fucked in the ass?" he asked in shock.

"The man doesn't have a choice in this, Aaron. It's up to the woman to decide whether or not to sodomize him. You see, at the base of a dildo is a small piece of hard rubber that stimulates the clitoris while the female is giving it to the man through the back door, so to speak. The harder a woman fucks the man, the more her clitoris is stimulated. A lady can easily have several orgasms while doing this over the course of an hour."

"Does the guy get off, too?" he asked.

"No," Lady Jennifer said. "It's not about the man getting off. It's about the woman dominating him and humiliating him as she achieves her own orgasm. A man, however, is never the same once a woman takes him in the ass. He changes for some unknown reason and becomes much more submissive and obedient to her. It's like he's finally been broken and is now willing to do whatever she desires." "Does your slave take it in the ass?"

"Oh, you'd be surprised at the things I do to him."

"Like what?"

"Let's just say that I now have Wayne to the point where he accepts what I want to do, no matter how painful or humiliating."

"What if I don't want to be spanked or taken in the butt?" he said.

"Then no sex for you," she said. "Nor, will you ever see me again."

"Jesus, lady."

"No, my name is Lady Jennifer."

"God, I don't know about this."

"Make a choice, Aaron."

"Okay," he finally said.

"Okay?"

"Yes. You can spank me."

"The weight of the world has been lifted from my shoulders," Jennifer said in a mocking tone of voice. "You mean that I can't bend you over and fuck you in the ass like some new fish in prison?" 

"No way."

"Too bad."

"Nobody's getting back there," Aaron said, laughing.

"We'll see about that in the future. For now, I want you to take off your clothes

and then lie down across my lap."

"Yes, ma'am."

"That's a much better attitude."

"Yeah, whatever," he said, slowly taking off his T-shirt and kaki shorts. The kid acted like he was walking the Green Mile and heading towards his own execution, instead of having a wild sexual adventure with a beautiful, sexy female client. 

When Aaron was down to his birthday suit, Lady Jennifer patted her lap, indicating for him to lie across it. He shrugged his shoulders, moved around to her side, and awkwardly got down across her lap. He held onto the edge of the bed for some kind of support. You could almost hear him groaning inwardly at what was about to happen. 

"Place both your hands on the floor for support," she instructed, "and spread your legs a little. I want to access to your balls."

"How come?"

"I'm getting tired of all these questions."

"Yeah, but what are you planning to do to my balls?"

"I'm going to squeeze them and make you squeal like a little girl."

"I don't think so!" 

Reaching down between his legs, Jennifer grabbed his testicles and gave them a hard squeeze, causing him to cry out in pain.

"Stop telling me what I can and can't do."

"That fucking hurt!"

"I know."

"Man, I never knew that you were such a bitch."

Join the club, pal! I thought happily to myself.

"There's a lot you don't know about me," she said to her new victim. "And, I want you to address me as Lady Jennifer."

"What's the big deal?" 

"I want you to show me the proper respect." 

"You need to smoke a joint and chill out."

Jennifer squeezed his testicles again.

"Okay! Okay!"

My Mistress shook her head in dismay. "This is going a lot slower than I expected," she said to herself, or maybe it was to me. I didn't know. "But, we're getting there little by little."

"Getting where?"

"Never mind, Aaron. You wouldn't understand even if I explained it to you. Now, prepare for your spanking."

I watched as Jennifer put her left hand down on Aaron's lower back to keep him in place, and then began to run the palm of her right hand gently over the tanned flesh of his buns of steel. I guess he liked having an even tan all over his sculptured body. My Mistress told Aaron that she was going to give him eighteen hard smacks across the bottom, and that she wanted him to count out loud each individual strike. If he got confused and missed a number, she'd simply start over again from the beginning. He was smart enough not to say anything.

"Do you understand?" she asked.

"Yes, Lady Jennifer."

"You're learning, little boy."

Raising her right hand high into the air, my Mistress brought it down with speed and determination, hitting his flesh with a very loud smacking sound that caused him to lift his head and to look back at her with a stunned expression on his face. Or, maybe it was just the shock of being hit by a woman. 

"Hey!" he yelled.

"What is it?"

"That hurt!"

"It's supposed to hurt," Jennifer said. "I didn't hear you say one."

"What are you? A sadist or something?"

"I'm a something," she said. "Well, maybe I am a sadist, too. After all, I do enjoy hurting men and making them cry like little children. I guess I'll just have to start over with the spanking." She quickly raised her hand again and hit Aaron hard on the ass.

"One!"

"My, you're a quick learner."

She then hit him a second and a third time. 

"Two! Three!" 

And so the humiliation continued with Lady Jennifer spanking both cheeks of his bottom good and hard, creating a nice red glow on the flesh. Aaron counted out each smack on the butt loudly and correctly, not wanting his tormentor to have to start over. It was truly amazing at just how fast pain could transform a person's behavior, especially one who was young and defiant. When my Mistress reached the count of eighteen, she surprised Aaron by continuing with the spanking. I'd suspected she might do something like this once she got started on that hot, muscled ass. Stopping at eighteen would've been difficult for any dominant woman. The pleasure was simply too great with a young, gorgeous stud like Aaron. 

"You said that it was only going to be eighteen smacks to my bottom!" he protested loudly. 

"I lied," Jennifer said. "Don't miss a count, or I'll have to start over."

"Twenty!"

"Thirty sounds like a nice round number to stop at, don't you think?"

"It's not fair!"

"Life isn't fair, darling. Get used to it."

And so the punishment continued with the last ten smacks of Jennifer's hand resonating loudly through the bedroom. I could just imagine how the sting of her palm hurt Aaron, both physically and mentally. He was learning at a very young age that the price for having sex with the woman of your dreams could be extremely high and utterly outrageous. Since the beginning of time a man has always had to pay for it in one way or another. 

When Lady Jennifer finally finished with the first part of his birthday present, she allowed her new slave to stand back up. Aaron stood there in front of her with a dumb-founded expression on his handsome face, rubbing his sore bottom with both hands. It was as if he couldn't believe what had just happened. My Mistress tended to have this affect on men, and I was no exception. After seven months of living together, she now had me completely wrapped around her little finger. There wasn't anything that I wouldn't do for her as long as it didn't involve the hurting another person. 

"Are we going to have sex?" Aaron asked.

"Yes, we are," she said, sliding back up on the bed and pulling her skirt up to her slim waist. "And, I'm going to expect great things from you."

The pool cleaner saw that my Mistress didn't have any panties on, and his penis began to grown swiftly in length and width. It was an impressive sight to behold. I could tell that Lady Jennifer was certainly taken with it. 

"Give it to me," she commanded.

That was all of the encouragement Aaron needed. He forgot about his sore bottom and climbed onto the king-size bed, moving like a bat out of hell as he positioned himself on top of Jennifer, and she guided his full erection into the warm, moist enclosure of her womanhood. She couldn't stop herself from moaning out loud in what I assumed was a state of pure rapture at being filled by this young hunk of a man. My Mistress unconsciously raked her long fingernails down both sides of his back, making him drive his cock even deeper into her as he arched his upper torso and a groan escaped from between his lips that was filled with a mixture of pain and pleasure. 

"I've been waiting for this all summer," Jennifer hissed through clenched teeth. "Fuck me. I want it all!"

Aaron drove his penis into her like a madman, grunting with the effort to give her something very special, something that would put him in a position of power to control this wild, beautiful female. He wanted her to cum in ways that she'd never dreamed of doing...in ways that would make any other man useless in trying to satisfy her internal needs. Though young, Aaron knew the power of his cock and how it affected women. He wanted Jennifer to become addicted to the pleasure that it could provide. He wanted to rock her boat in such a way that she wouldn't be able to stop thinking about him, or what was between his legs. 

I watched from my prone position in the closet as Aaron's ass went up and down like a well-oiled machine. The sounds of their bodies slapping together with each downward stroke filled the bedroom, exciting me in a ways I could never explain to another person. My own penis was straining unsuccessfully against the bonds of its plastic cage, yearning to escape from its hellish prison, and desperately needing a mode of release that would quell its constant need for attention.

"Harder!" she shouted.

Aaron kneeled upward with his erection still inside of Jennifer, grabbing her stocking-covered legs, and placing them over his broad shoulders. This position gained him another inch of penetration, which he used to his full advantage, driving his cock repeatedly into the woman I loved, staring through half-closed eyes as her head turned from side to side in adulterated pleasure at the orgasms flooding her body. Lowering his face, he kissed Jennifer with a passion that was almost unbearable to watch, pushing his tongue deep into her opened mouth. She then grabbed his head and kissed him back, her own tongue probing and searching for dominance as intense moans of ecstasy were muffled by his mouth.

I could see his large cock moving back and forth like a blur into the wet, dripping vulva of my Mistress. Jennifer was multi-orgasmic, and when she started having orgasms, it was like a damn bursting open. The fluids would literally pour from her pussy. She'd told me once that her ex-husband accused her of having sex with another man one evening when she got home and he was eating her out. Her pussy was so wet that he'd thought he was lapping up another man's cum. Of course with me she didn't have to worry about that. Jennifer knew how turned on I got when cleaning up after one of her boyfriends. Since she enjoyed oral sex as much as she did fucking, it gave her the complete freedom to do as she'd always desired, which was to be a very naughty, naughty girl. Now, she didn't have to stress out about the main guy in her life going down on her and discovering a nice, big load of semen that was put there by someone else, and then leaving her in a fit of anger and blind jealousy. 

I suddenly noticed a change in the sounds coming from the bed and instinctively 

knew that Aaron was getting ready to cum. 

Jennifer knew it, too.

"Don't hold back," she said to him. "I want it all."

Driving his cock into her a dozen more times in rapid succession, Aaron finally reached the point of no return and began to ejaculate his hot seed deep into her womb. I think that the sheer force of his ejaculation caused my Mistress to have another orgasm of her own. She unexpectedly cried out and then grabbed his ass with both hands, pulling him into her as deeply as possible, grinding her pelvic bone hungrily against his in a frantic attempt to completely drain his balls of their content. 

I would have liked to believe that she was doing this for me, but I knew better. There's something unique in a woman's DNA that makes her crave the complete ejaculation of the man she's sexually attracted to, not to mention fucking. It probably had something to do with procreation and mating. Whatever the reason, Jennifer wouldn't feel totally satisfied as a woman, unless she was able to drain every last drop of semen out of Aaron. 

My pleasure was secondary. 

The one thing about being a young bull is that the ejaculation always seemed to go on forever. It would be a rough guess on my part, but I estimated that the elapsed time from start to finish for Aaron's orgasm was in the neighborhood of twenty-five seconds, which is pretty damn impressive. The semen simply kept erupting from his penis in quick squirts until there was a final sigh of relief on his part and he collapsed on top of Jennifer in a state of exhaustion. I wondered to myself how long it would be before the next bout of sex took place, knowing that it would depend entirely on how fast he recovered. When Aaron finally pulled his penis out of Jennifer, it was still fully erect. 

"That was one of the best fucks I've ever had," Jennifer said, breathing hard from the exertion. She eased herself from off the bed, and then took off her skirt, blouse, and bra, throwing them down into a pile by the closet. Even though the doors of the closet were closed, I could see her smiling down at me as she left her stockings and shoes on and then climbed back on the bed beside Aaron. "I hope you can do that again?"

"Give me a couple of minutes."

"Only a couple?"

"That's all I need," Aaron said. 

"I think I'm going to adopt you."

"We'd just be fucking every minute of the day."

"I could live with that."

The two lovebirds got comfortable and nestled within each other's arms as they rested for a few minutes. 

"God, your penis is still hard," my Mistress said.

"I know."

"Does it hurt?"

"No," Aaron said. "I just can't cum right now. That's why I need a couple of minutes. I want to cum inside of you again."

"I hope so." 

I could see that Lady Jennifer had her hand around his cock and was gently stroking it. She was so horny for Aaron that she couldn't let the poor guy rest. Even from where I was, I could see how anxious she was to get that piece of meat back between her legs. 

"What if I sucked it?" she asked.

"That might speed things up."

Who was Aaron kidding? He just wanted to feel her mouth around his cock. Hell, it takes time for the body to rejuvenate itself. I'm a man, and I know from first-hand experience. 

Adjusting her position on the bed, Jennifer lowered her head and took his penis into her mouth. Aaron let out such a sigh of pleasure that it made me wonder if he'd ever had a blowjob before. The head of my Mistress then began to bob up and down as she worked the length of his erection between her lips, taking her time and slowly coercing him back into a mental state of sexual arousal. I could hear the sucking sounds of her mouth mixing with the moans of pleasure that were coming from this young adult. He was definitely enjoying the special attention from Lady Jennifer. I couldn't help but wonder if she'd know when to stop, or if she was planning to suck him to completion. 

"That feels so fucking good," Aaron said.

Jennifer mumbled something, but I couldn't understand what it was.

"Don't stop," he said. 

Several minutes went by and then Jennifer stopped what she was doing and looked up into his face. "You'd better not cum in my mouth," she warned. "I mean it." 

"Why not?" he said, laughing.

"Because I need to be fucked one more time before you leave."

"Then we'd better get started. You have me right at the edge of shooting my load."

"I thought as much."

"Get up on your hands and knees so that I can take you from behind," Aaron said. "I want to do you doggy-style."

She quickly did as he asked and in no time at all Aaron was kneeling behind her with his hard penis buried deeply inside her wet pussy. He held onto her hips as he drove his cock repeatedly into her body, moving fast for a couple of minutes, then slowing down in an effort to tease her and to make her want it that much more. For an eighteen-year-old, this boy sure knew what he was doing.

Jennifer's face was turned towards me, and I could see an expression on it that was filled with what seemed like total ecstasy. Aaron was already having more of an affect on her than Carl had in two months of sex. 

My Mistress and the pool boy fucked this way for over twenty minutes. During the first half, I heard her scream out two different times from the orgasms that racked her body. Near the end, Aaron reached around to the front of Lady Jennifer and began to lightly finger her clitoris as he continued to move his cock back and forth inside of her. 

She loved that! 

There was no mistaking the three earth-shattering orgasms that gripped her in the final minutes before he finally emptied himself once again. Aaron came as hard the second time as he had the first, literally pouring a large part of his soul into her. While ejaculating for what seemed like an eternity, he leaned over Lady Jennifer and held onto to her for dear life. Even when my Mistress released a long sigh of regret and collapsed face down on the bed, muttering to herself about the injustice of life and how getting old sucked, Aaron held on and went down with her, stretching out on top of her back. His penis was still imbedded between her legs as if it had found a new home and was afraid of being evicted. He began to softly kiss her neck and shoulders. After a short while, he withdrew his semen-covered cock and placed it along the crack of her ass, moving it slowly back and forth, allowing the natural lubricate to prepare the way into the narrow crevice. 

"You'd better not start something that you have no intention of finishing," she said.

"I want to fuck you in the ass."

"What?"

"You heard me."

"What brought this on?"

"You and that strap-on," he said.

"The only people who get sodomized in this house are naughty little boys who don't do as they're told." Jennifer said. 

"So?"

"That means you're not sticking that big thing up my ass no matter how cute you are." My Mistress turned over and looked at him. "Now, if you want to fuck my pussy again, I'm all for it."

"I need to get going."

"It's just like a man to leave when he doesn't get what he wants."

"I've got three more pools to clean today."

"Sure you do, big boy."

"I'm serious."

"When can I see you again?" Jennifer asked.

"How about next Saturday around the same time?"

"My two-year-old daughter will be here. I'll send Wayne to the grocery store with her. That will give us at least an hour alone."

"Then it's a date?"

"Absolutely."

"Have you ever snow-boarded?" he said.

"What do you think?"

"Would you like to learn?"

"I'm a little old to be snow-boarding, wouldn't you agree?"

"Nah," Aaron said. "I can teach you how to do it. It'll be snowing up at Mt. Charleston by the beginning of November. We could spend the weekend up there at the lodge."

"Yeah, fucking and snow-boarding, right?"

"Why not?"

"I like the fucking part of it," she said. 

"Well, think about it."

"I surely will."

"Can I take a shower?"

"Be my guest."

Aaron got off the bed and went into the master bathroom to pee and to take a quick shower. When Jennifer heard the water running in the shower stall, she glanced over in my direction from the bed and said, "You've got a lot of cleaning up to do after he leaves."

I tried to mumble something profound through the panties in my mouth, but she just shook her head in puzzlement and continued to lie there on the bed, more than likely thinking about the last hour and how it had affected her. It was ten minutes or so before Aaron came back into the bedroom and put on his clothes. His brown hair was wet and there was a big smile on his face. I could see my Mistress eating him up with her eyes. It was difficult to believe that she was still horny after all the sex she'd experienced the night before and today. Maybe I would get lucky before the afternoon was over. 

"Are you going to walk me to the door?" Aaron asked.

"I'm too tired," Jennifer said. "Besides, you know the way out."

"I guess I'll see you next Saturday."

"I'm counting on it."

"Uh, are you going to pay me for cleaning the pool?"

Lady Jennifer laughed. "Some people would think that you've already been paid," she said. "But, that wouldn't be fair, would it?"

"No."

"Your money is on the end table closest to the front door. It's lying by the ashtray."

"Okay."

"Goodbye, Aaron."

"Goodbye, uh, Lady Jennifer."

"Such a smart boy."

Aaron smiled and then turned around and left. A minute later, I heard the front door open and close. 

"I just want to lay here and sleep forever," my Mistress said. "After having Carl all night and then again this morning, plus Aaron for the last hour, I'm not sure that I'm capable of even moving a muscle. Maybe I should leave you tied up in the closet for the rest of the day while I sleep. Would you enjoy that?"

I did one of those Tim Allen grunts from Home Improvement.

"I didn't think so."

Moving like someone who'd just come out of a two-year coma, Jennifer got slowly off the bed and walked over to the closet. She opened the doors and knelt down beside me. Taking the panties out of my mouth, she unlocked the ankle cuffs from the wrist cuffs, and then removed the leather restraints from around my ankles. My hands, however, were kept locked together behind my back. 

"Aren't you going to take off the wrist cuffs?" I asked.

"No," she said, helping me to stand up. 

I didn't say anything else as she led me over to the bed and ordered me to lie down on my back in the middle of it. I did as instructed. My bound hands were positioned under my lower back, and it was very uncomfortable. While I did that, Jennifer went into the bathroom and got a couple of towels. She came back out and climbed onto the bed beside me. 

"Lift your head up," she said. 

I obeyed my Mistress while wondering at the same time exactly what she was up to. She laid the towels under my head, and then straddled my face with her vagina only inches from my mouth. I could see the wet, matted hair of her bush and could smell the strong, pungent odor of recent sex. There was even a thin, meandering stream of semen along the inside of her right upper leg that ended at the top of her stocking, wetting the dark fabric. 

"Remember," Jennifer said, "this is what you wanted." She lowered her body to my waiting mouth. "I expect you to perform your clean-up duties like a good slave. I don't want to hear any complaints about how much semen there is. You're cleaning up after two men. Do that, and I might reward you."

That was all the encouragement I needed.

I slipped my tongue between the outer and inner lips of her sex and was suddenly stunned at how much semen began to ooze out of her. There was so much of the stuff that I had to force myself not to gag at the taste and quantity of it. 

Jennifer stared down at me and laughed at my expression. "You're the one who wants to clean up after my boyfriends," she said. "So, lick it up, and I mean all of it." She began to move her pussy back and forth over my mouth, enjoying the sensation of having my tongue up inside of her, lapping at the contents from two different men. "Yes, that's it. Service your Queen like a good slave. Think of what it was like when Carl was doing me last night and then again this morning before I came home to fuck Aaron."

And so I allowed my imagination to over-ride the humiliation and disgust of what I was doing. I could picture Carl in my mind, riding Jennifer for long periods of time, driving his massive organ in and out of her, causing this lady to scream out as each orgasm shook her body to the core. I could hear the voice of my Mistress urging him to fuck her harder...to give it to her like a real man...to empty himself into her so that her slave could have the pleasure of cleaning up after him. I knew that Carl was turned on by what I was forced to do. It excited him so much that sometimes he even had multiple ejaculations. He wanted to make sure that I knew just how well he was fucking the woman of my dreams. 

"Eat it, baby," Jennifer moaned. "I saved it all for you." 

This was one of the few times that I wished she'd cleaned herself before coming home. Nevertheless, I licked and sucked at my Mistress for over thirty long minutes as she held onto the headboard and rode my face like a broncobuster, achieving several intense orgasms in the process. The orgasms were so strong that she yelled out a number of times, grinding her pussy hard into my mouth and against my nose, almost suffocating me twice. When it was over, my face was not only covered with the fluids from her body, but also with Carl and Aaron's semen.

It was so humiliating. 

"Did you lick me clean?" Jennifer asked, lifting her body up and looking down at me with a wild gleam in her eyes. "Don't lie to me, or I'm going to spend the rest of the day whipping your sorry ass."

"I could only reach so far with my tongue," I said. 

"That's no excuse."

"But&#8212;"

"How much cum did you lap up?"

"At least three tablespoons," I said, trying not to shudder at what I'd had to swallow. Semen doesn't taste good. If a slave is lucky, it doesn't taste terrible. I still had the taste of Carl and Aaron in my mouth, and suspected that it would be there for the rest of the afternoon. "There was too much. I could barely swallow what I managed to get."

"That's not my problem," she said. "You're my slave, and your job is to clean up the mess between my legs, no matter how much of it there is. I'm going to have to punish you for this." 

"Yes, ma'am."

"Before I do, would you like something to drink to get that awful taste out of your mouth?"

"Yes, I would. Let me get a Dr. Pepper."

"That's not what I was thinking of."

"I don't understand."

"You will in a few seconds," she said, smiling like a cat that's got the mouse cornered. "Open your mouth, baby."

It's strange how fast enlightenment can come to a person when least expected. "No," I muttered, turning my head swiftly to the side. "Please don't do it. I tried to get all of the semen. Honest, I did."

"This isn't your punishment, Wayne."

"It isn't?"

"Your punishment is going to be much worse. Now, turn your face back up towards me."

"No," I said.

"That's a word I don't like to hear from a slave."

I didn't say anything.

"Am I going to have to hurt you?" she continued. "You know what I'm capable of doing."

I kept my face to the side and my mouth closed.

"What is it about a man not being able to accept his destiny?"

Reaching behind her back, Jennifer grabbed my testicles and began to squeeze them hard. I tried to buck her off my chest, but she rode me to the end like a trained professional. It took less than ninety seconds for me to finally look up at her face and to beg for mercy.

"One day you'll learn to obey my commands without fighting me," she said, laughing. "Don't I always win in the end?"

"Yes."

"Now open your mouth!"

I did and waited for the inevitable.

Positioning herself over my face, Lady Jennifer relaxed her body. It took a few seconds, but gradually a steady stream of urine began to flow into my opened mouth, forcing me to swallow as if my life depended on it. She didn't make any attempt to control the speed at which the fluid came out of her. It wasn't long before I was choking at the quantity of it. Shifting forward a little, she pissed on my face for a couple of seconds, and then moved back to my mouth. 

"Swallow it, slave," she commanded. 

I gulped down what was left of her urine, feeling the shame and humiliation of what Jennifer had just done to me. Few men actually enjoy being pissed on by a woman though it clearly signifies the power that the female has over them. My Mistress had taken an unexpected step forward in her ownership of me. If Jennifer could use my mouth as her toilet, then what else was she capable of doing?

"Did you enjoy that?"

"No," I said.

"Well, I did."

"I need to wipe my face off."

"Not just yet," she said. "It's time for your punishment. I want you to turn over and place your face into the wet towels."

She's going to whip me, I thought.

"Go on," my Mistress said as she climbed off of me. "Do it."

I turned over, letting out a sigh of relief as the pressure was taken off my bound wrists. Placing my face into the urine-soaked towels, I breathed carefully through my mouth and waited for more instructions. 

"Get your ass high up in the air," she said.

When your hands are bound behind your back, it's extremely difficult to get to your knees under you from a prone position, especially when you're lying face down on a bed. You can't get any traction. Jennifer saw me struggling to obey her command and decided to assist me by grabbing my testicles and squeezing them hard again. It certainly sped things up from my point of view. Though I cried out a number of times in pain, I somehow managed to get to my knees and into the position that she wanted. 

"Don't move," she said.

I raised up on my forehead and turned my head awkwardly around so that I could watch Lady Jennifer as she got off of the bed and stepped over to the cedar chest. I was curious as to what she intended to whip me with. I watched her open the top of the chest and search through her stuff. When she pulled out her infamous strap-on, I unconsciously shouted out, "Not that!" 

"You're starting to sound like a broken record."

"Haven't you already done enough to me?"

"You should have let me sleep," she said. 

"You can go to sleep now if you want. I don't care. I'm starting to feel kind of sleepy myself."

"I will after I've fucked you in the ass."

"Please don't," I begged.

"You can beg all you want, but it's not going to stop the inevitable," Jennifer said as she slipped on the leather, panty-like harness, snapping it in place and tightening up the laces on each side. A six-inch dildo protruded from the front of the harness like an accusing finger. "You know, I've had this rather unusual fantasy in the back of my mind for the last few weeks. It's about you. I may just carry it out."

"What kind of fantasy?" I asked with trepidation.

"I'm taking you to the Green Door over at the Commercial Shopping Center this Friday night. I'll have mom take care of Vanessa for us."

"What's the Green Door?"

"You don't know?"

"I've never heard of it."

"It's a sex club like the Red Rooster," she said, taking a tube of K-Y jell out of the cedar chest. "The club has different rooms set up for different fantasies. My ex-husband and I used to go there all the time."

"I didn't know that."

"There's a lot I haven't told you, Wayne."

"What's going to happen at the Green Door?"

"We're going to use their Dungeon Room."

"We are?"

"I'm going to place you in the wooden stocks that they have. You'll be bent over the section for the upper torso with your head and hands locked inside the stocks. A leather strap will be fastened over your lower back to hold you down on the bench, and your ankles will be cuffed to the rear legs of the apparatus. You'll also be blindfolded. "

"That doesn't sound like much fun to me," I said, feeling the beat of my heart increase with the sudden fear that gripped me. 

"Oh, it will be. I'm going to have Carl meet us there."

"Carl?"

"Yes, Carl."

"What's he going to do?"

"Well, while I take you from behind with the strap-on," Lady Jennifer explained as she got back on the bed and positioned herself behind me, "you'll be sucking his cock." She opened the tube of jell and began to apply some of it to my anus, pushing her finger inside of me to make sure that I was completely lubricated. "I can't wait to see you with Carl's cock in your mouth. Maybe I'll bring a camera so that I can take photographs of you sucking it to completion." 

"I don't think so."

"Trust me, darling. You will suck Carl's cock. You'll suck it to completion, and then you'll swallow everything he gives you. There's going to be a lot of cum, but I know you'll able to handle it."

"No way!"

"Want to bet?"

I didn't say anything. 

Jennifer finished lubricating the head of the dildo in silence. She placed the cap back on the small container of K-Y jell and tossed the tube over beside the cedar chest. Then, grabbing my testicles, she squeezed them till I was crying and begging for mercy. 

"I bet you'd gladly suck Carl's cock right now, wouldn't you?" she said, squeezing my balls so hard that I thought she was going to rupture them. "Well, wouldn't you?"

"Yes, Mistress!" 

"And you'd swallow his cum, wouldn't you?"

"Yes, Lady Jennifer!"

"Don't ever tell me again that you're not going to do something I want," my Mistress said in a cold tone of voice. "We both know that you'll do whatever I command, don't we? After all, you're a slave, and your only purpose for existing is to serve me." She jerked hard on my testicles as if to emphasize that point. "Are we clear on this, or am I going to have to really hurt you?"

"Yes, Lady Jennifer!"

"I didn't hear the rest of it, darling."

"Yes, we're clear, and I'll do whatever you want!"

"That's better. Maybe after Carl and I have finished with you, I'll let several other guys take turns fucking you in the mouth and in the ass. That might teach you to demonstrate the proper respect for me. There's always a bunch of horny men around the Green Door who'll fuck anything that moves. I could easily get a dozen of them to gang rape you. Would you like that?"

"No, Mistress!"

"What?" she said, squeezing my balls.

"Yes, Mistress!

"While you're getting it from both ends, Carl and I will be on the mattress in the corner, fucking like sixteen year olds. You can watch us. Maybe you'll even learn something from Carl. Oh, I forgot. You'll have a blindfold on and a nice big cock in your mouth. Well, you can listen to us. That should be entertaining. You'll be able to hear me cum over and over again. You know how loud I get when I have an orgasm."

Releasing my sore testicles, Jennifer placed the head of her dildo to my anus and began to slowly push it inside of me. I unconsciously found myself tightening my sphincter muscle, which was the worse possible thing to do when being sodomized. 

"No!"

"Try and relax," Lady Jennifer said. "Isn't that what every man says to a virgin just before he takes her cherry?" 

"God, it hurts!"

"If you're going to cry like a baby, I might have to stuff my panties back into your mouth." 

"I can't help it. The thing is huge."

"Nonsense."

"Please don't do this to me."

Lady Jennifer pulled the dildo out of me and got off the bed. Walking over to the closet, she retrieved her panties, and then came back to where I was. "Open your mouth," she said.

I looked at her with pleading eyes.

"Open your mouth!"

I reluctantly did as she commanded.

My Mistress wasted no time in stuffing the piece of black lingerie back into my mouth, and then repositioning herself behind me. "That should stifle your complaints," Jennifer said as she placed the head of the dildo back to my anus. There was now no hesitation on her part. She simply pushed the entire thing into me, listening with pleasure at the sounds of agony that escaped from my gagged mouth. 

I couldn't believe the amount of pain that tore through me. If I hadn't had my hands cuffed behind my back, I would've bolted like a frightened deer.

Holding onto my hips, Jennifer fucked me hard with the strap-on, driving the dildo all the way up my rectum without mercy. Her strokes were fast and furious. She pounded the thing back and forth inside of me as if she wanted to punish me for being a man. The pain was so great that I couldn't stop myself from crying. 

"Wait till Friday night," she said. "Maybe I'll have you put on a wig and some red lipstick and a pair of stockings and high-heeled shoes before you're placed into the stocks. After Carl screws me, I can take pictures of you being fucked by all of those sexually depraved men that are going to be there." 

I moaned loudly as the rape continued. Eventually, I collapsed face down onto the bed with my Mistress still on top of me, banging away at my ass with the strap-on. She rode me for what seemed like an eternity, while at the same time whispering in my ear about how much she enjoyed taking my virginity. I didn't think I would ever have a normal bowel movement again. As Jennifer's orgasm neared, she drove the dildo harder into my rectum. I prayed that it would soon be over. I could hear her grunting with the effort of taking me just before the orgasm overwhelmed her, shaking both of us with its intensity. She cried out and then drove the dildo into me as far as it would go. 

I cried out, too, but not for the same reason.

Lady Jennifer's body shook a couple of more times, and then she laid quietly on top me for several minutes as we both recovered from the ordeal.

"I should've done this sooner," she said softly. "I've forgotten out intense the orgasms are when I use the strap-on."

With the panties in my mouth and my face buried in the wet towels, there was no way for me to respond to her statement. It was probably better that I didn't. Maybe she'd forget about the Green Door and my humiliation. There was no way that I wanted to be gang-banged by several guys. I also didn't know what I would do if my Mistress forced the issue. I was Jennifer's slave and had promised to obey her every command, and I certainly didn't want to lose her. It would be a tough call. 

"I need some sleep," my Mistress said. She slowly pulled the dildo out of me and got to her knees. "Would you like to suck this clean?"

I shook my head.

"I should probably make you do it any way, but I'm too tired."

Turning over on my side, I watched as Lady Jennifer got off the bed and removed the strap-on from around her waist. She threw it down by the cedar chest. Then, looking at me, she smiled brightly and stretched her body.

"That was fun."

Sure it was, I thought to myself.

She got the key to the handcuffs and unlocked them from around my wrists. As soon as I had freedom of movement, I took the panties out of my mouth, got off the bed, and went into the bathroom for a long period of time. When I finally came out, feeling somewhat relieved, I saw that Jennifer was asleep under the covers. The wet towels were lying on the floor beside the strap-on and the K-Y. I put the tube of jell back into the cedar chest, then took the dildo to the kitchen so that I could properly clean it and the towels to the laundry room so that they could be washed. When that was done, I went to bed myself for a few hours. I didn't want to sleep too long because Jennifer's ex-husband would be bringing Vanessa back home before five. 

Still, I needed the rest. 

As I dozed off, thoughts of the Green Door drifted through my mind. I said a silent pray to myself, hoping that Lady Jennifer would soon forget about what she'd promised to do to me.



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Wayne C. Rogers(no email) 


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





