BDSM Library - Lady Jena the Goddess Domme




Lady Jena the Goddess Domme
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: 






Lady Jena, the goddess domme

Jena is a professional domme. I didn't know it when I met her. At the party of a mutual friend where we met, her roving eye caught my roving eye, and I was drawn to her. It may have been her late thirties demeanor that attracted me, or it may have been her blonde hair, parted in the middle and curled under just before it reached her shoulders; perhaps it was the boots she wore - they looked good on her. She had the look of a woman of authority - an executive assistant, maybe? Or an executive herself? Her body radiated strength. 

She appeared comfortable just to take in the scene at the party, and obviously wasn't with anyone. I rather shyly introduced myself, and we made small talk, each of us holding our glass of red wine. After just a short time, she mentioned that she should be going. My face probably showed disappointment, and I looked into her eyes for a soulful moment. My heart jumped when she suggested that I walk her to her car. 

We were silent for the two-block walk, and when she unlocked her car, she said, "I'm glad you don't drink anything stronger than wine." Before I could say something, she said, "Kiss me." 

It was more than a suggestion - it was a directive. By that time I had begun to think of her as a goddess. She had penetrating eyes, and in the semi-darkness I approached her mouth with mine. For a brief moment I barely touched her puckered lips, and then pressed in more firmly. Imagine my elation when I felt her hands around my head, drawing me near, and she passionately returned my kisses with a fervor that I had not expected. 

"Show me where you live," she instructed. "Or, we can continue the evening tomorrow." 

Stunned, I only whispered, "Now." I drove home and she followed me. 

She asked me to put on some peaceful music and pour us some red wine. As we sipped, she asked me a lot of questions about me and my life. I don't know why I trusted her, but I answered honestly. When I tried to steer the conversation toward her and find out more about her, she threw me another curve. 

"Take all your clothes off and pour me some more wine." 

I wanted to be sure I understood her. I paused a moment, and she said, "You heard right. Strip naked and get me some more wine." 

My hands, as well as my insides, trembled as I hurried to remove my clothes in front of this stunning goddess. She smiled as I handed her a full glass of red wine. 

It was her game now. Even though we were at my house, she had taken control. "Come sit next to me," she directed. 

The ambient air, of course, had an effect on my midsection, and my cock was firm. She looked at it and smiled. 

"To answer your questions," she began, "I'm a professional dominatrix. Men - clients - submit to me, and I fulfill their needs, whether it's a severe spanking, heavy bondage, cock and ball whipping, enemas, denial, forced ejaculation, that sort of thing." She looked at my cock. It had hardened, and my midsection was steeped in arousal. She smiled and said, "I thought you'd be interested." 

She dipped her finger in her wine and spread some on her lips. "Put your hands behind you, and kiss me - gently." With a protruding erection, I leaned toward her and softly kissed the wine from her lips several times. Each time she spread wine on her puckered lips, I got more aroused. 

"Now I want you to wash your cock and your balls. Get them completely clean. I'll watch while you do that." 

She followed me to the bathroom and watched while I used soap and diligently cleaned and rinsed my apparatus. Following that, we went to my bedroom. She was still fully dressed. 

"Lie on the bed and spread your legs wide," she said as she reached into her handbag. She pulled out what looked like a tiny whip - it had two 6 inch tails and a small handle. "Pull your cock out of the way. I'm going to give you a ball whipping." 

I was afraid and excited at the same time. I had not experienced anything like that, and stories I'd read involving ball punishment were always way over the top. I grasped my member and exposed my vulnerable testicular area to Jena's wishes. She got a book from the nightstand and placed it under my ball sac as a platform. 

She tugged on my ball sac a few times, and then drew back the flogger. A flick of her wrist, and the two thongs whipped against my balls. 

"Aaaah! OHHH! Uuuunh!" I exclaimed, and twisted my hips. Jena giggled and said, "Let's do nine more, for a total of ten strokes." Another flick of her wrist, and my balls practically exploded with sensation. She whipped hard. I exclaimed, of course, that time and the remaining times that she whipped the little martinet on my balls. 

"No touching where I whipped," she ordered. My ball sac was alive with heat, and felt twice its normal size. She got up, removed her panties, and sat on the edge of the bed with legs opened. "Pleasure me with your mouth." 

I knelt before her and felt my heart quicken when I saw her blonde pussy. I gingerly pressed my mouth on her pale pussy lips and began to lick and kiss them. I felt her clitoral nub harden. My cock was erect, at the same time that my balls still smarted from the whipping. 

"Harder!" Jena commanded, and I immediately increased my enthusiasm. Her pussy had a sensual taste, and I continued until the tremors of her body signalled her climax and she gently pushed my face from her womanhood. 

She removed the remainder of her clothing and lay prone on the bed. For the first time since we met, she was in a passive state. "I want you to enter me and be still. Don't ejaculate inside me, and if you feel that you are about to cross the line, pull out immediately." She used one hand to open her labia. 

I felt the smoothness of her inner muscles as I inserted my raging erection inside her and went in all the way. She had me lie down on top of her, front to front. I wanted to press my mouth on hers, but I dared not. I wanted to pump my cock and feel the wonderful friction of her smooth insides, though I refrained. She wore a calm expression on her face, and I looked into her deep eyes. I felt there was nothing that I wanted to keep from her - nothing that I could keep from her. My soul was laid bare in front of the eyes of this goddess. 

I don't know how long I had stared into her lovely eyes. Then a slight smile formed on her lips and she told me to withdraw. I lay back on the bed and she sat up between my legs. She wrapped one of her hands around my desperate cock, and cradled my balls with the other. She gently manipulated my erection with her hand. A few moments hence I felt the prelude to a massive ejaculation building up. The intense feeling gripped me, and she giggled when I threw my head back and exclaimed as I recklessly spurted forth. 

"I like the way you cum," she stated a while later, after she had wiped the spunk on my legs. "I also like the way you follow instructions. It wasn't easy to refrain from pumping when you were inside me, and I know you would have preferred to ejaculate there instead of in my hand. There is a special way that I expect a man to thank me for letting him cum inside me, and you're not ready for that yet." I wondered what she meant. 

She lay down next to me and we cuddled and talked. I felt the stirring of a new erection. 

"I get pleasure from being a dominatrix. And I know it excites you." She mentioned, between kisses, that she wanted to see how I would take enemas, the paddle and the cane, and more severe ball whipping. "There will be pleasurable rewards for you," she teased. "If you do well, I can involve some of the young women I'm training." 

I could not resist the allure of more than one dominatrix. Jena knew that I would do my best to submit to her and suggested that I come to her place the following afternoon. "I'll give you a couple of enemas and then we'll go out to dinner, and maybe have some more fun back at my place." My bottom tingled from her mention of the enema. It had been a long while since I'd gotten one at a naughty nurse clinic some time back. 

Jena insisted that I stay completely unclothed while she got dressed and prepared to leave. She wrote an address and told me to be there at two the following afternoon. "When you come in, I want you to immediately remove all your clothes, before either of us says anything. Always. No matter who else is there. Will you remember that?" 

"Yes, Lady Jena," I eagerly whispered. I felt doubly naked after she got dressed. I kissed her hand and she left. 

After a restless sleep, Jena and my forthcoming visit were on my mind almost all the time. Over and over I imagined removing my clothes in front of the beautiful blonde domme. I wondered if I could take the enemas she planned. 

My boner pressed against my pants on the way over to her place. Jena motioned me to come in and closed the door behind me. She stood with her hands on her hips and a stern expression on her face. I nervously removed my clothes and looked at her for clues. 

"Get your clothes and follow me," she aternly ordered, and walked ahead. I followed behind her through several rooms into a treatment room. "Face down on the table!" Her demeanor was far different from the sweet blonde goddess I encountered the previous evening. She grasped each of my wrists in turn and bound them to the sides of the examination table. Then she spread my ankles and did the same to them. I knew I was going to have to endure whatever she decided to do. 

I heard water running, and a few minutes later she put on a latex glove. I squirmed as she inserted a lubricated finger into my bottom several times. I felt a slight zing of pleasure when her finger tickled across my prostate. She pulled out, and a moment later I felt her spread my bottom apart. Then an intrusion of something soft and pliable. 

"You have an inflatable retention nozzle inside you now. I'm going to give it a few pumps to make sure you don't leak." 

"Oh! Ah! UHHH!" I exclaimed when she pumped up the nozzle. I already felt full, and squirmed. 

Jena giggled, and then started the flow. Immediately a few jets of warm enema squirted inside me, and then it settled into a steady flow. It was not long before I felt overly full and groaned. My involuntary wiggling was probably arousing to her, and her hand lightly roamed around my bottom as I took the enema. It took a few minutes for all the solution to enter me, and by then I was almost constantly groaning and squirming. 

"It's all inside you now. You must retain it for a while." 

She stood and watched for what felt like a very long time while I struggled with the sensation of my insides being overly full. Amid my groans, I uttered her name in choked whispers. Finally, she released my bindings, deflated the nozzle, and let me up to get rid of the enema. When I was finished, she told me to get in the shower. 

When I dried off, Jena had a hardwood paddle in her hand, and told me to bend over across the examination table. "Ten swats. No kicking, or you'll get extra." 

I knew I would have to use all my will to avoid kicking my legs. I bent over and grasped the far edge of the table. 

WHAM! "OH!" 

WHAM! "OWW!" 

WHAM! "AAAAH!" She delivered the swats about three seconds apart. The hot sensation from the paddle spread across both nether cheeks and built up as the strokes accumulated. 

WHAM! "AAH!" I twisted my bottom. 

WHAM! "PLEASE!" My cheeks got hotter. I desperately wanted to kick my legs. 

WHAM! "OH! AH!" I held on more tightly. 

WHAM! "AAAAAH!" My twisting was more pronounced. 

WHAM! "PLEASE! AAAAAH!" I didn't know if I could stay in position. 

WHAM! "UHNNNNH!" My legs shook in my attempt to keep my feet on the floor. One more to go. 

WHAM! "AAAAAAAH!" 

Jena waited a few moments before telling me I could get up. "You did well. Someday you'll have to take twenty five swats without kicking your legs." 

She told me to get dressed. We went to dinner, and before we left her house she made a point of having me see her remove her panties. We had a tasty dinner, and she told me more about herself. On the way back home, she hinted that we would have some more fun, and reminded me of her rule that I remove my clothes immediately upon coming in. 

My arousal had been nourished by knowing that her naked pussy was under her skirt, and the heat from the paddling was now a warm glow throughout my midsection. My erect member displayed my state. 

"Let's go to my bedroom," she said. When we were there she retrieved the ball whip and stripped. I was on my back, and she placed her pussy over my mouth while facing my front. "Use your mouth there when I start to whip." 

She grasped my firm member and held it out of the way. Her beautiful blonde pussy was but an inch from my lips. I noticed her womanly scent of arousal. 

Suddenly I felt a lightning bolt flash of pain on my balls. My whole body jerked. "AAAH!" I exclaimed, and immediately planted my mouth on her pussy and kissed fervently. The creaminess of her womanhood betrayed her arousal. I gave her attention with my mouth for a moment before she whipped again. 

"Mmmmmff!" She definitely whipped harder than she had done the previous night. My oral work on her pussy became more frenzied. She liked that, and continued to give my balls an energetic swipe with her whip every few moments. When I could no longer endure them without undue thrashing about and begging her to stop, she relented. 

Jena lay beside me and lightly fingered my cock. When it became hard and erect, she removed her hand and opened her legs. "Enter me now," she instructed. "As before, keep still and do not ejaculate." When I thrust in to the hilt, she put her arms around me. Her pussy felt heavenly, and it was difficult to refrain from pumping in and out. 

I was inside her for a few moments before she spoke again. "I have not told you this, but when a man ejaculates inside me I expect him to show his appreciation afterward by cleaning the sperm from my pussy - with his mouth. He is to extract and swallow every trace - every time." I don't know why, but I got more aroused from her talk. I felt a spurt of pre-cum shoot from my cock. 

"If you can commit to cleaning me afterward, you may ejaculate inside me - and you do not have to keep still." She, of course, knew that my eager cock was so desperate to cum inside the warm smooth confines of her womanhood that I would commit to doing almost anything to experience that feeling. 

"Yes," I hoarsely whispered, "I'll do that." She smiled and held me close. 

Gingerly, I pumped in and out. The feel of her inner vaginal musculature was even more intense than when I kept still. It must have been no surprise to my blonde goddess that the point of no return quickly engulfed me. I could not stop, and twisted wildly as spurt after spurt shot from my eager member inside her. What an intense feeling it was! The afterglow was sweet, too, as my cock stayed erect inside her. 

She smiled warmly, and I knew she was ready. It had been such an intensely erotic experience having intercourse with her that I was determined to thank her as she wished. I withdrew, and got between her legs and saw her freshly spermed pussy close up. 

Streaks of my own ejaculate mixed with her arousal seeped from her entrance. It was breathtakingly beautiful, and I stared for a moment at her pussy with open blushing labia before I put my mouth to work. 

Though it was my first time sucking on a pussy full of sperm, I took to it as easily as I had eating pussy for the first time several years back. Jena moaned freely and moved her hips as I applied myself to extracting every drop of what I had exuberantly spurted in there. I knew she enjoyed my attention, and it did not take her long at all to crest. I loved the sounds she made as she surrendered to that first and subsequent orgasm. 

She kissed me warmly even though my mouth had been where my aroused cock had spewed forth. "I knew you'd be good at that when I first saw you," she said. I assured her I would do that every time. I drifted to sleep in her arms, since I had been through a full day of new experiences. 

I don't know how long I had been asleep when I grogily awoke to the feel of her fingers palpating my ball sac and my cock. When I was fully erect, she pulled me on top of her and I easily slid inside. In the dim light of night, I saw her excited visage, and took long, slow thrusts. I wanted to feel the inside of her womanhood as much as possible before ejaculating. She liked that, and avoided sensual moves that would have overly stimulated me. 

A few more minutes, and she grasped my head and brought my mouth to hers and kissed feverishly. I could not keep from pumping faster and harder, and nature quickly took its course. "Mmmmmm! Mmmmmmmmf!" I exclaimed as I spurted inside her with my mouth pressed firmly on hers. 

Her pussy was somewhat sweaty when I extracted the spunk. I didn't mind, though. The pleasure from intercourse was well worth the cleanup. And, her enjoyment of my oral attention further made it worthwhile. 

We slept more, and in the morning she told me she had a session with a client that day. "I don't often see clients on weekends. This one is a necessity, though. I'd like you to come back at 3 this afternoon. Remember my rule about undressing." 

I went home and got some rest, and returned at the specified time. To my surprise, somebody different answered the door and told me to come in. She was tall and slender. Her long brown hair was pulled back in a ponytail, and she wore a short skirt and platform heels. Her pale legs were bare, and she had a dominant look about her. 

I didn't know whether I should strip in front of this lovely woman, but I recalled Jena's words that she wanted me to do that no matter who else was there. My heart raced as I removed my clothes in front of the woman I didn't know. When my clothes were in a neat stack on the floor, the woman said, "Follow!" and walked ahead into the next room. 

I was relieved to see that Jena was there. "This is Mistress Ruby. I want her to give you a hairbrush spanking. Do everything she tells you." She turned to Ruby and said, "He's a novice. I've given him a paddling and several ball whippings. You are free to proceed." 

Mistress Ruby seated herself and had me kneel before her. Then she had me put my hands behind me and kiss and lick her legs from her ankles to her knees. I loved the feel of her smooth pale skin on my tongue. "Not bad," she said. "You could use more experience at that. Now I want you to get up and bring me the wooden hairbrush from the coffee table." 

When I tried to hand her the hairbrush she did not take it, but said, "Always kneel before your mistress when presenting her with your instrument of correction." I figured I had earned a very sore bottom for that, and quickly knelt in front of her. "Offer the instrument on your upturned palms," she further ordered, and I cradled the hairbrush in both hands and presented it to her. 

Mistress Ruby took it then, and positioned her feet and legs so that her lap was level and her legs from her knees to her hips were separated by a moderate gap. "Get over here now, and point your toes." 

Her bare legs felt good against my midsection when I got in position. My hands pressed against the floor, and my feet were pointed so that the tops of my toes touched the floor. 

"When a man doesn't hold his position, I either start over, or give five extra for every time. Since you're new at this, I'll make an allowance for that and give you two extra. I'm going to give you twenty four swats, and I want you to keep still." 

It felt like lightning struck my right nether cheek when the first swat landed. The hairbrush is smaller than a paddle, but it's more maneuverable and the swat is concentrated in a smaller area. Just as I was about to exclaim, she brought the hairbrush down hard on my left side. She kept on like that, giving about one swat per second. 

I was bewildered by the intensity of Mistress Ruby's attentions. I exclaimed almost constantly, and I knew I must have kicked my legs wildly during the paddling, though I had no idea how many times. 

"You kicked five times," she stated. "That's ten more - IF you keep still for them." 

"Oh, Mistress!" I exclaimed with a tone of despair. My bottom felt ablaze, and I was going to get ten more - and I had to keep still for those! 

"Yes, ten more. Here goes!" 

I gritted my teeth and steeled myself for the extra swats. She gave them a little slower, and every bit as hard. I shouted with each one. Since I managed to avoid undue movement, she did not allot any additional swats on top of what I had gotten thus far. 

She ran her hand over my well paddled bottom. "Yes, very hot," she giggled. "Some time I'd like to paddle you until you cum, and then make you lick up whatever you spill." 

Ruby removed her platform shoes and had me suck on her toes for a few minutes. Then she announced that she had to leave. 

Lady Jena had me bend over in front of her so she could inspect Ruby's work. "I'd like to whip your balls some more, but it looks like you've had enough for the weekend." She lightly palpated my ball sac until I became erect. Then we went to her bed. 

"Some of what I do for a living is train other women in the art of being a dominatrix," she said while fingering my cock. "Mistress Ruby is my current student. She has served as my assistant in sessions with my male clients for one month. I have let her give enemas and discipline only to new clients, and I've limited that." She smiled as my cock rose to attention. "I have had her go through everything that she will give in sessions - enemas, caning, paddling, pussy whipping, strap-on work, and so on. She has had to take it in front of some very exclusive male clients." 

The thought of Mistress Ruby having to accept paddling and caning from Jena stimulated my arousal. My cock was rock hard and Jena got on top of me, front to front. 

"I want Mistress Ruby to practice on you before she goes out on her own. Also she can help me with your training." 

She grasped my member, took in my entire length and sat up, straddling me. Her eyes gleamed, and she pressed down on my hips with her hands. "You'll have a very sore bottom next weekend," she said as she slowly pumped with long strokes. Her pussy felt heavenly. "You'll also get a lot of pleasure." 

She pumped steadily without stopping, until I had no choice but to pop off inside her. She gave me free reign and I thrashed wildly throughout my lengthy ejaculation. She giggled and kept me inside her until I slipped out. Then she straddled my mouth and I gave her two orgasms as I sucked her pussy clean of my sperm. 

I went home soon after, with instructions to shave from my waist down before coming back the following weekend. "You will ejaculate several times," she said, "so save up accordingly." 

The week dragged on, made all the more arousing by the unknown events yet to transpire. It was not easy to refrain from ejaculatory relief - just recalling the sweet feeling of being close to Lady Jena, face to face, inside her pussy, almost overpowered my will several times. Friday night I used the razor on my ankles, legs, bottom, and pubic hair. The ambient air against my freshly shaved skin was intensely arousing in itself. After a fitful sleep that night, I went to Jena's house at 2 PM. She opened the door and I quickly undressed. 

My nakedness was made more intense by my having shaved from the waist down, and Jena ran her hands up and down my legs and around my bare bottom. She giggled when my erection grew hard before her eyes. 

She led me to one of her playrooms, and Mistress Ruby was there. Both women stripped from the waist down except for their panties. "We're going to start you off with a hairbrush spanking. But first you are to apply lotion to our legs," Ruby stated. My heart raced when she handed me a large squirt bottle of creamy lotion and sat next to Jena. 

"Do mine first," Jena instructed, and I knelt before her. I started with her ankles, and liberally rubbed lotion on her smooth legs. I worked up to her upper thighs, and then she told me to do the same for Mistress Ruby. It was every bit as pleasurable feeling Mistress Ruby's bare legs as I applied the lotion. 

When I finished, they both got up and arranged their chairs so that they were facing each other, and quite close together. When they seated themselves, their legs were intermeshed so that they touched. It was an erotic sight. 

"David, you will find two wooden hairbrushes on the counter, next to a bottle of oil. Bring them, and the oil, to us." My insides fluttered when I figured out that they were both going to paddle me across their combined lap. 

Having learned how to present items to a mistress, I knelt by their side and presented both hairbrush paddles first, then the container of oil. 

"Stand up, hands behind your head." 

Mistress Ruby oiled my erect member and then had me get in position across their lap. She tucked my cock between her leg and Lady Jena's leg. "We're both going to paddle you until you cum," Jena said with a giggle. Then they started. Each mistress alternated swats, and they gave them once every couple of seconds. They were hard, and I shouted from the first one. 

As I squirmed from the paddling, my cock moved in contact with their legs. It was stimulating and felt good, even while I keenly felt the smacks from the hairbrushes. 

"That's it - fuck our legs!" Mistress Ruby shouted as they both continued to swat. I pumped my hips against their laps as they paddled. Soon my arousal came to the fore and the swats felt lighter. I was more aware of the good feeling of my erection thrusting between their smooth lotioned legs. 

"Fuck these legs! Fuck them until you cum!" 

They kept paddling hard, and I felt the swats concurrently with my increasing arousal. My week of abstinence paid off, and my orgasm came quickly. As I ejaculated freely, I hardly felt the swats, though they continued until I stopped spurting. 

Mistress Ruby had me get down, and they both turned sideways facing me. I saw streaks of my spunk trickling down their thighs and legs. 

"Quickly, lick it all up!" 

Though I was spent, I knew I had better do as instructed, so I ran my tongue along each mistress' legs and swallowed the streaks of my cum that graced their smooth skin. 

After I cleaned their legs, Lady Jena spoke. "Mistress Ruby, please administer a two quart soapsuds enema to David. I will watch." 

Mistress Ruby grasped my arm and led me to the examination room. She had me get up on the table on all fours and touch my forehead to the surface. A few moments of waiting, and I felt the inflatable nozzle at my entrance. I moaned as she pushed it in and inflated it. 

CLICK! The soapsuds enema started its journey into my body. After a brief moment she increased the flow. 

"OHHHH! MISTRESS! PLEASE NOT SO FAST!" 

She paid no heed to my plight. 

"AAAAAH! OH! AAAAH! UHHH, THE PRESSURE! PLEASE!" 

A moment later I heard the last gurgle of the solution as it entered me. Although no new soapy solution entered me, my position made sure that the enema kept going further inside. I panted and groaned during the long retention period. My sounds must have been arousing to Lady Jena, because she came to orgasm twice by her own hand as she watched my struggle. 

They let me up to get rid of it, and then I was back on the table getting a three quart rinsing enema. Mistress Ruby made sure it went in every bit as fast as the two quart one had done. Both women took delight in my wiggling and twisting, not to mention my most sincere plea to stop for just a moment. The enema did not pause, of course, and I took the full measure. 

Mistress Ruby found my struggle with the three quart enema sufficiently arousing that she jilled herself. After her orgasm, she had me get rid of it. 

When I came back, she was smiling and wearing a strap-on. I knew then why she had given me such thorough enemas. 

"Bend over the table here, with your feet on the floor. Spread your legs... More. Wider. Okay. Don't let go of the other end of the table." 

She put on a latex glove and generously lubricated my back way. Then she used both hands to spread my bottom. I felt the tip of her probe against my entrance. 

"I'm going to be as gentle as I can, but you have to cooperate. Don't tighten up. I'll go slow - at first." She pushed on the probe until my nether portal accepted the first couple of inches. I felt stretched to capacity. 

"UHHHH!" 

Still spreading my bottom, she pushed inward - inch by inch - until her hips made contact with my backside. I groaned. She pulled back almost all the way, and then steadily slid in completely again. 

"Aaaaaaaaaah!" 

"This feels good," she giggled. "I love giving a good fucking!" She pulled back and went in again, a little faster. "Yes, I'm going to have some fun. I'm fucking you in the ASS!" 

"Uhh!... UH!... OH-UHHH!... AAAAAAHHH!... MISTRESS!... UHH! AHHH! OHHH! MMMMF! GAAA! PLEASE! PLEASE! MISTRESS! OHH! OH! OHH!" 

My litany of vocal reaction to her increasingly exuberant use of the probe continued until I convinced her that my entrance was sore. She finally pulled out and said, "You've got a tight little hole. You need some dildo training. I like to fuck with the strap-on until I cum." 

I knew the ladies weren't finished with their plans for me. So far I had gotten paddled, two enemas, and a thorough fucking with a strap-on. Lady Jena had me lie face up on the table while Mistress Ruby removed her strap-on harness. Both ladies then casually and silently used their fingers on my cock and my balls until I was erect and seeping pre-cum. 

"You and Mistress Ruby are doing well. Before she leaves us for the day, there's one more adventure I have planned. Get up and follow me." 

The three of us went to the bedroom, where Lady Jena surprised me by taking off all her clothes and getting on the bed. 

"Lie on top of me," she instructed, and extended her arms invitingly. I glanced briefly at Mistress Ruby as I got on the bed and on top of Lady Jena. Her smile and the feel of front to front contact brought me to an erect state in spite of my curiosity about their plans. My hard cock pressed against her entrance. 

"I want to feel you inside me," Lady Jena said after a few moments. "Enter me - Ruby will stimulate you with the rattan cane. You don't have to keep still, but I want you to stay inside me while she whips you. Come on - enter me now." 

I was self conscious about entering Lady Jena with another woman watching, but I did as she wanted. Her pussy was well lubricated with her own womanly cream from her earlier arousal. She held me close for a moment, after which I gently thrust in and out a few times. Her pussy felt exquisite to my aroused member. 

"Ruby - the cane," she said. 

While I concentrated on the pleasurable sensations from intercourse with Lady Jena, Mistress Ruby picked up a straight handled rattan cane and gave a firm whip across the center of my bottom. 

"OH!" I exclaimed as I felt a flash of intense pain. I thrust forward all the way into Lady Jena, and rapidly pumped in and out a few times as the streak of hot pain stayed with me. It gradually dissipated, and I settled back into slow thrusting. Just as I began to feel more pleasure than pain, Mistress Ruby again whipped the cane across my bottom. 

"AAAAAHH!" I pumped and twisted with my cock inside Lady Jena's sweet pussy. This went on until I had accumulated more than a dozen striations from Mistrss Ruby's handiwork. I had almost slipped out a couple of times due to my intense twisting upon feeling fresh strokes of the cane. 

The length of time I had been pumping Lady Jena with my cock brought my arousal to the fore, and in spite of my livid backside, I began to feel that I would soon spurt inside her. Mistress Ruby allowed decreasing intervals between her characteristically hard strokes of the cane. 

My intense thrusting and twisting brought me closer and closer, and I felt the strong sign of impending ejaculation at the base of my cock. Just as I was about to cross the point of no return, Mistress Ruby gave three quick and hard strokes of the cane. I hardly felt them as my orgasm - one of the most intense I had ever felt - took hold. I exclaimed incoherently as I felt spurt after spurt eject into Lady Jena's pussy. 

She held her arms around me to keep me inside her, and Mistress Ruby quietly left. I stayed inside her for several minutes, and withdrew when she began to stir. Her pussy was abundantly creamy, as we had both been aroused greatly. I applied my mouth to the cleanup task and gave her another orgasm. 

I wanted to drift to sleep in the arms of my goddess. When she sensed that, she said, "If you spend the night I'm going to want more intercourse with you, and that would affect my plans for you tomorrow. I could put a cock cage on you, but that would be more frustrating for you than I planned. I want you to come back at 2 PM." 

I got dressed and went home. I'd been through a lot that day, and went directly to bed, and slept well. The next day at 2 I removed my clothes in Lady Jena's house while Mistress Ruby quietly watched, smiling slightly with her arms folded. She led me to the bedroom, where Lady Jena was. 

Both women then stripped from the waist down. I had not seen Mistress Ruby's pussy until then. I gazed at her mat of auburn hair surrounding sensuous pussy lips, framed by her smooth and slender thighs. Both women giggled when they saw my fascinated gaze. 

They seated themselves on the edge of the bed, side by side, legs open and touching. My member was already hard. They each had me kiss and lick their pussies. I wanted to savor the differences between Lady Jena's and Mistress Ruby's. I knelt between Mistress Ruby's spread legs and repeatedly inhaled the scent of her pussy before licking her moist labia. I loved her taste, and hoped I wasn't overly aggressive when I fervently kissed her womanhood. She had me stop just short of her orgasm, and then I tasted Lady Jena's blonde pussy. She had me continue through one orgasm. 

My cock hungered for relief. I knew that any such relief at the hands of either of the two dominants would carry a high price. Mistress Ruby had me lie on the bed face up, and as she straddled my mouth she told me that the weekend was an important part of my training. With my gaze on the lovely auburn pussy a few inches from my mouth, I felt Lady Jena's oiled hands on my cock. She quickly brought me just short of ejaculation, and Mistress Ruby giggled. 

She did that a few more times, and I was desperate for relief. Mistress Ruby settled her pussy on my mouth and I felt Jena's hand grasp and stroke my raging boner. 

As I tasted Ruby's sweet pussy and was was on my way to a healthy ejaculation, a lightning bolt of sensation invaded my consciousness through my balls. Lady Jena had picked up the ball whip and given me an energetic stroke of its tassles. I thrashed about as I could. 

More teasing from Lady Jena, and when I got close to spurting, she again whipped the tassles across my balls. More fierce wiggling from me, and Mistress Ruby climaxed. Lady Jena kept stimulating me, this time without stopping, and used the ball whip several times. My exclamations must have been sweet music to the ladies when I crossed the line into an incredible ejaculation. 

Later at dinner Lady Jena teased me with her smile and subtle touching. Dessert, of course, took place on her bed, and consisted of my licking and sucking on her pussy after I spurted my reservoir of sperm inside her. Before I went home that night, Jena suggested that I come back for a couple of hours or so in the middle of the week for a paddling. "Save up some sperm for that session," she cryptically said as I left. 

I wondered what was to transpire during the midweek session. If it was just a paddling that she wanted to give me, why not wait until the following weekend? The ways of a goddess, especially a beautifully dominant goddess, are impossible to figure out, so I decided not to worry about it. The mystery added to my almost constant arousal, and it was not easy to avoid relief from my own hand when I thought of Lady Jena's sweet pussy and how good it always felt when she invited me to enter her. 

I removed my clothes as usual when Mistress Ruby opened the door for my session. She ushered me into Lady Jena's study, where she was waiting with a hardwood paddle in her hand. I remembered how much my first paddling hurt, and suspected that she would be more severe. She had me lean over and present my bare bottom. I had to stand far enough back from the desk to allow Mistress Ruby's hands easy access to my front section. 

"Keep your feet on the floor at all times," Lady Jena ordered. Then she gave me five hard smacks across my bare bottom. I gave a shout when each severe swat delivered its red hot sensation to my bare skin. While my bottom smarted from the paddle swats, Mistress Ruby's slender feminine fingers touched and lightly palpated my ball sac. It felt good, and she kept up the touching for a few minutes, and then... 

WHAM! Lady Jena gave me a hard swat with the paddle while Mistress Ruby kept stroking my nuts. 

Another one. WHAM! "OHH!" 

And another. WHAM! "Aaaah!" 

My cock was hard. Mistress Ruby only touched my nuts and surrounding area, and deftly avoided contact with my boner. I was hot, in front from her touching, and in back from the paddle. My erect member craved her touch, though she would not do it. As the ball stimulation continued I bagan to pant. Lady Jena delivered three more severe swats. 

"Stand up, David. Get in front of him now, Ruby," Lady Jena instructed. 

Mistress Ruby slid off her skirt, and then her panties. She sat on the desk facing me and smiled. She put her legs together and placed my turgid erection just above and between her knees. The skin to skin contact felt good. She had me grasp her hips and she put her own hands behind her. Lady Jena resumed paddling me. 

WHAM! "OHH!" 

WHAM! "UUUH!" 

WHAM! "OH! AH!" 

"That's right, pump your hips, David. Keep going." 

My cock slid on Mistress Ruby's knees and thighs when I pumped back and forth in response to the paddle strokes and Lady Jena's instructions. My cock had a will of its own, and got harder. 

WHAM! "UNH!" 

WHAM! WHAM! WHAM! "OH GOSH!" 

I pumped faster and looked at Mistress Ruby's excited smile. I knew if I kept pumping, I'd spurt on her legs. 

"Keep going! You're doing good!" 

WHAM! "OHH!" WHAM! "AUGH!" WHAM! "AH! OHH!" 

I couldn't help it - after a few more paddle strokes I crossed the line into an intense ejaculation. I watched my cock as it spurted its milky payload over and over onto Mistress Ruby's legs. 

"Very good, David. Now you may lick it up." 

Mistress Ruby wore an excited smile as she opened her legs and I stepped back. I licked up the spurts of my seed, some of which were close to her pussy. Then Lady Jena sent me home. 

The next few weeks provided ample opportunity for Mistresss Ruby to practice her skills at ball whipping, giving enemas, using the paddle, strap, and cane - on my bare bottom which I had to present for her pleasure. She also practiced extended teasing, in which she bound me in place and teased my cock until I thought my balls would burst. 

After a five day abstinence, which was difficult, Mistress Ruby bound me in place for an extended teasing and edging session. Lady Jena participated too, and after two hours of teasing they had me in such a state that I was almost incoherent. 

Then Jena used the paddle on me while Mistress Ruby bared her chest and looked at me in an inviting way. I stayed hard during the paddle swats. After a short while my arousal was stronger than the sensation from the paddle, and Mistress Ruby, in a breathy, sexy whisper, encouraged me to cum. When Jena paddled harder, Mistress Ruby cupped her hands close to my cock. 

That was all it took, and the stimulation propelled me into a spontaneous ejaculation. Mistress Ruby collected my spurts without touching my cock, and had me lick and swallow every drop. Since there had been no contact with my erection, I was still intensely aroused. Jena used that to her advantage that night and we had a lengthy session, followed, of course by my cleaning her pussy with my mouth. 

Subsequent sessions with Lady Jena usually had me accepting rather severe discipline with concurrent teasing until I spontaneously ejaculated. My reward, after licking up my sperm, was a lengthy session of intercourse in which I got to enjoy the sweet feeling of being inside her, and the eventual wracking ejaculation. As always, I applied my eager mouth to her sticky pussy and extracted my sperm, giving her more than one orgasm. 

She used me in training several other dommes. Eventually I got to the stage that Lady Jena had planned from the start - the ability to bring about my spontaneous ejaculation with no direct stimulation to my cock, while being whipped. Her trainee, always an attractive dominant young woman, stood in front of me. Usually naked, she either jilled herself or showed suggestive teasing poses while Jena wielded the paddle, strap, or cane. I used my active imagination and eventually spurted into the plate that she had placed at my feet, much to both dommes' delight. 

Then, while the new domme hald the plate in front of me, I had to lick up every drop and swallow. Lady Jena always told me that those sessions aroused her immensely necause of the mental part of the exercise. 

Those sessions were strenuous. Jena realized that, and the rewards in her bed were exquisitely pleasurable for both of us. She accepted me inside her upon going to bed, and often awoke me more than once during the night for lengthy intercourse. Each time I satisfied her by eagerly applying my mouth to her freshly sexed pussy. 

-----
This story is copyright 2009 by (rick_oh at onolanke.router5.com). All rights reserved. No reposting without permission. Please see my other stories at http://www.asstr.org/~rick_oh/



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Rick_oh


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





