BDSM Library - I guess I asked for it 




I guess I asked for it 
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: 






I suppose when I think about it, that it was my own fault really. I was just stupid and like never thought about what might happen. I knew about this wood where men went for gay sex. I was 16 horny as F*** and liked older men. I don't like wimps or camp or queens, I like real men, a bit dom. If a man sucks men and then says "Will you suck me now" I get like turned off. I like the men to just stand up and force me down and onto his cock. I guess that is because that was how it happened the first time in a bog in Southsea when I was 13.5.



Anyway I went to the wood, hid my bike and went in the back way so I didn't have to go through the car park. If I do that I end up with loads of men following me and it is too risky to do anything, I could end up in a gang session and I couldn't do anything about it. there are often up to 25 men in the woods between I reckon 30 and 70. I walked around the hidden tracks and saw a few men but I didn't fancy any of them and managed to loose them. I can move quicker and quieter than they can.



Eventually I saw a man I reckoned was about 50 may 55. I guess he could of been older, but he look quite fit and well built and hairy and I like that. he walked up and by me and I just stood there. A bit later he came back and walked past again but this time he was playing with his cock in his pocket. I knew what would happen, it always does, so when he walked back towards me a third time I played with my cock in my jeans. Although it was by using my hand in my pocket I didn't have any pants under my jeans so it was quite obvious what I was doing and that my cock was hard. AS he walked by he grabbed my cock and I let him.



The next bit was new. Usually they let go and walk on and I follow, but held on tight and sort of led me along by my cock. It hurt a bit but was quite hot too. He took me trough a gap in a hedge into a clearing inside the hedge where it was private. He looked at me and said; "Hot little fucker aren't ya nipper" Then he just grabbed my jeans and pulled the button apart and the zip down and got my cock out.



"You got no underwear nipper, you're really gagging for it" 



I went red and looked at the ground and said nothing.



"You looking at my bulge eah? Get my cock out then and have a good play you know you want to"



I didn't move and then he said "Get it out kid I aint got all day" 



I thought he might go off and find some other guy so I undid his zip and got his cock out.&nbsp; It was I guess 20cm long and it was real thick, but the knob end was huge. It was much thicker than the cock and was a sort of red/purple angry colour. He had big thick like veins running down his cock. Maybe because he was cut the head looked even bigger. It was like awesome but a bit scary too. I didn't know how much I would be able to get in my mouth. I like to suck men and get sucked off, but nothing else. Well I had my tits pinched a bit and my bum slapped but that's all. I had been fucked and even though it felt ok it hurt like hell and made me go soft and the guy who did it just fucked off after he came so it was not much fun for me, so I don't do that anymore. I think my bum is maybe too small and tight. I do have a round bubble bum like they write about in the stories on Nifty Archive. My bum was not much wider than my thighs and has like a sort of dimple in each bum cheek when I am standing up. I wish I had a nice bum like in the stories and in some of the pics I have seen, but I'm slim, and almost hairless, except round my cock. I'm no way a man yet. My cock is like 14cm long and not very thick and I'm not cut. It might not be huge but it gets real hard, like a bone covered in skin and it goes like a sort of pearly shade of pinky/red. It isn't real red/pink and firm but slightly soft like a real man's cock.



He was rubbing my cock and sort of squeezing it at the same time. It felt real good. I got hold of his cock and played with it. It firmed up a lot but didn't get much bigger.



"Nice kid, nice. I'm going to enjoy it with you. We gonna have some hot fun and your will remember me I promise." The he bent over and took my cock in his mouth - AWESOME! He was good. he got it all in and ran his tongue round the head and then sucked real hard and squeezed with his lips. I was soon like real close and making noises. He stopped.



"You like that then. You any good at it? Go on lets see what you can do" 



As he was saying this he pushed me down by the back of the neck and I knelt and his cock was at face level. I opened my mouth and put my lips on the knob end. I started to suck and he just pushed with his hand behind my head and forced the knob end into my mouth. I mean forced, my lips were like forced apart to get it in. I was still sucking so the cock just kept coming into my mouth till it was forcing against my throat. I gagged and he stopped pushing.



"That's enough for now nipper, lets see what you can do."



I have sucked maybe 7/8 men so I knew how to please him. I worked my tongue round the knob end and pushed the tip into his pee slit. I worked my tongue round under the head, at the base. He moaned and I was surprised to taste pre-cum that quick. I slid down the shaft some and used my tongue on the base. I kept doing this and he got really horny and started rocking and I could taste he was dripping a lot in my mouth. every now and then he would thrust forward and force his cock into my throat. It was scary not to be able to breathe but he was a hot man.



Then he stopped and lifted me up again. He slipped my jeans right down and turned me round and touched my bum. I heard him say "Sweet".



"I don't fuck" I said.



"Oh well ok kid, but it's a shame you got a hot arse, what a waste. Still I will tongue it for you and get you ready to cum"



I was worried as he knelt down, but he did tongue me and it was like awesome. I thought I was going to cum. He had his tongue IN my bum and was playing with my cock and tits at the same time and he had bent me over to get in deeper. I was right on the verge.



Then he stood up, turning me round as he did, and pushed me down. This time he was a bit more rough. He forced his cock in my mouth again and it was more him fucking me and not me sucking him. he was getting the knob end into my throat and holding it there and getting me to work on his shaft with my lips and the knob end with my throat. He was flooding my with pre-cum and it started to run out of the corner of my mouth because I couldn't swallow right. I felt his cock jerk and got ready to have his cum in my mouth but he pulled out and pulled me up.



"No, not yet kid; I want to tongue you some more first"

He pushed me over and I felt his tongue in me again. It was heaven and I was moaning and sort of wriggling it felt so good. Then he stood up, running his tongue up my back bone and pinching my tits. he did this seven or eight times. I was like almost out of it He rummaged in his trousers and pulled something out. I thought it might be a condom.



"I told you I don't fuck"



"Calm down kid, clam down"



He put his arm round me and held a small brown bottle under my nose. I smelt something very strong and weird and then WOW!! I was like off my head on sex. His tongue felt so good and all I could feel was my bum, him squeezing my balls and pinching my tits. Every time he pinched my tits it was like electricity shooting into my cock and bum I never felt anything like. it. He gave me the bottle and said I was to sniff it when he told me too, but only then cause it would get me too funny otherwise. I did just what he said as he tongued my bum, licked my back, bit my neck and pinched and now twisted my tits. I was like off it on what he was doing. He had one hand round my waist and the other pinching my tits as he ran up and down my spine.



He was whispering in my ear that I was a real hot kid and was gorgeous and stuff like that. Then he said I should take three deep sniff from the bottle and he would take me to heaven. I did what he said and almost passed out then I felt a terrific burning pain in my bum and I screamed and struggled. He held me tight and my head cleared a bit and I knew then he had his cock in my bum, not all the way in, but in the ring. I struggled and cried and begged him to take it out.



He said "No way kid, no way. It's going all the way and the more you yell and fight the more I enjoy it. I love boys who yell and you squealed like a stuck pig when it went in".



He held me tight and pushed and I felt his cock going into me. it felt like a burning log and I yelled and he laughed and put his hand over my mouth.



"If you yell too much it will attract other men and they might just want sloppy seconds after I have finished".



I was crying and he was fucking. He held my waist, pulled my hair, held my shoulders. After a couple of minutes he had to hold me round the waist cos my legs started to go and he held me up as he rammed in and out of me. Is was on fire in my bum but somehow my cock started to get hard again. I could tell he was real close by the noises he was making.



He suddenly let me go and I fell onto the ground rolling onto my back. I couldn't see right and my mouth was open and my tongue was like hanging out and I was dribbling and crying. I could sort of make out his cock above me and he pulled something off it. That turned out to be a condom. Then he suddenly shot his load over my face and hair and body and open mouth. I choked and he laughed.



He bent down close to my face and sort of snarled at me.



"If you go to the cops they will get DNA from you, but they don't have any of mine to compare it with and you got no idea who I am. Course you would have to explain what you were doing in this wood and the cops would work out that you were looking for sex. What was a kid like you, what 15 years old with no underwear under your jeans, doing in a gay wood. Your mates would guess to so I don't think you will tell anybody. I told you that we would have fun and you would never forget, and I know I was right, God you were a great fuck, really tight and noisy just as I like it. I hope we meet again if I am down this way, I got much more to show you yet"



He laughed and dressed and vanished through the trees.



I lay there dazed and then I heard twigs snapping and guessed somebody was coming so I got dresses and walked out to the path. Two men saw me and smiled. I guess they could see the cum on my face and hair. I had to ride my bike home without sitting on the saddle cos it hurt so much.



I hated him and what he had done. I showered and scrubbed. In bed I remembered and got so hard I wanked off twice remembering. I guess I asked for it, my own fault and I was stupid. I wont make that mistake again, but jezz it was good, scary painful but just so hot.













Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Dean(no email) 


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





