BDSM Library - Cuckold Tales




Cuckold Tales
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: 






I have been married for over 15 years to a very lovely woman. Over the past 10 years she has been breaking me in as a cuckold. She loves to go out with her male lovers and come home to me. I get overwhelmed when her bald pussy is full of her lovers cum and she makes me suck her clean.

I just love when I am at work and she calls me and has one or two of her male friends over and she lets me hear her having sex with them over a speaker phone. Sometimes she lets me masturbate while I&#8217;m listening, she will have me slip a condom over my cock and cum in it, then I must bring my sperm filled condom home to show her how much cum I had spent.

When I get to the house she meets me at the door and gives me a kiss, her breath smells like her lovers cock and cum. And my cock gets hard as a rock while she takes me into the bedroom and lays down, she will take the condom out of my hand and open it up and pour it into her pussy along with all the other cum in her cunt.

Then I must get down on my knees and put my whole face into her cunt and suck every drop of cum out of her I love how her cunt is so hot and stretched from all the fucking she has been getting. Then I whisper into her ear how great she tasted and how I love her pussy so full and wide open. 

I love her cum coated clit sticking out like a hard little penis. And when I suck on it, how she moans with delight. Most of the time she let&#8217;s her lovers ream her asshole out and her ass will be gaped open enough that I can stick my whole tongue right into it and the thick hot cum will roll out of it into my hungry mouth. On the weekends she will bring home some collage kids and she will fuck them while I watch, I love to watch her cunt suck the cum from their cocks. 

She loves fucking them because they can cum over and over again and never get soft. I am also allowed to fuck my wife, but I must always wait my turn and that is usually after everybody else fucks her and I suck their cum out of her pussy and ass. I love putting my face into her cunt and smelling her cum filled pussy. 

I lick her and ah the pleasure I receive from drinking their love juices. Its funny how many different textures of cum there are, I love the rich thick white cum that flows out of her pussy in clumps. But the thin clear sperm is all right too. There are also a lot of different colors of sperm from bright white cum, to a shade of yellow. I prefer the milky white cum.

Her lovers always find it amusing to watch me dive down between her legs and push my face into her well-used, spunk-filled pussy. Most of the time they start jerking off their cocks and when I&#8217;m done licking her cunt and ass they are ready to service her again. 

After her lovers leave she always gets real horny and wants me to fuck her, she knows good and well that before I cum, I love to hear her tell me how she is going to force me to suck my cum from her hot cunt. It drives me crazy. I love to hear her tell me about her fucking a guy with a 12" cock, 5" thick, and then making me clean her pussy and ass afterwards, although her cunt is too stretched out to feel my 8 inch cock. 

She always tells me, she doesn&#8217;t keep me around for my little cock, and she loves my tongue and mouth action. The other night she had been drinking before one of her lovers came over and she was telling me that it turned her on to think about me sucking other man&#8217;s cock. She had her hand down in her panties playing with her pussy as she was talking to me.

I noticed a wet spot appearing on the crotch of her panties and knew right away she was horny. Then she pulled her panties down and told me to clean up her cunt before her lover arrived. I dropped down on my knee&#8217;s and started licking her pussy, it tasted different, then I thought this was the first time I had ate her pussy in over two years that it didn&#8217;t have male sperm in it.

I like it better with male cum in it. After I licked it clean the doorbell rang and it was one of her lovers. She opened the door and introduced me to him, his name was Mark. He came in and sat down beside my wife, she reached over and unzipped his pants and snaked her fingers into the opening and pulled out a big fat cock. She told Mark that she wanted me to suck his cock.

I objected and started protesting she told Mark to take all of his clothes off, as Mark was stripping, my wife grabbed me by my balls and pulled them hard, I let out a groan and fell down on my knees. She had decided that I needed to taste cum straight from the cock, so she grabbed the back of my head and I was forced to suck his cock. Mark stuffed his stiff cock into my mouth and I started bobbing my head up and down on his prick. 

Mark had his hands in my hair and was ramming his young prick in and out of my mouth. My wife had sat back and was watching me suck and lick my first hard cock. I started enjoying the feel of his young hard cock sliding in and out of my mouth and wanted to turn my wife on a little more. 

So I wrapped one hand around Mark&#8217;s massive cock and took my other hand and started finger fucking my asshole. Before long I had three fingers stuck up my ass and my wife was sucking my cock while I sucked Mark&#8217;s cock. I glanced down and saw my wife sticking a finger up Mark&#8217;s ass and all of a sudden his cock swelled up and it seemed like he pumped a gallon of cum into my willing mouth.

I swallowed every drop and sucked his cock till he was soft. About that time I noticed my cock cumming all down my wife&#8217;s throat. After that afternoon I sucked a lot of cocks, my wife would bring her lovers home and I would suck their cocks first then she would fuck them. It always makes her horny to see a big long cock wedged in my hungry mouth. One time she had two of her lovers over and I had both of their cocks in my mouth at the same time. I rubbed their cock heads together in my mouth and both of them came at the same time. My wife calls that a double shot of love juice. I love watching my wife fuck and suck strange men. Sometimes we go down to the XXX theater and get in the back row and just see how many cocks me and her can suck in one afternoon. It kind of makes me horny letting all the men sit around us as we suck one cock after another. I&#8217;m told I give a better blow job then my wife but I don&#8217;t know! All I do know is I love to watch her suck and fuck other men and I love to suck their cocks too. I came home from work today to find my sexy wife laying in bed with wet panties on as I got closer to her I could see white cum all over her thighs. I knew right away that she had been fucking someone right before I got home she knew that I couldn&#8217;t resist sucking cum out of her well used pussy. She reached down and removed her panties and offered them to me I stuck them up to my nose and smelled the fresh cum that had leaked out of her pussy and ass and had been trapped in her panties.

I took the panties and started licking the crotch of them with my tongue. There was no mistaking the taste, it was male cum, and lots of it. After I sucked all the cum out of them she motioned for me to suck her well-fucked cunt and asshole. I started licking up and down her beautiful cunt spreading the lips of her pussy with my tongue more and more cum dripped out of her. Finally I had her pussy cleaned up and I started on her asshole I circled my tongue around her puckered asshole and she was squirming all over the bed her ass hole was gaped open, and I knew she had been fucking a big cock or two, maybe three. 

She knew I didn&#8217;t care as long as I got to eat the cum out of her love holes, after I had her asshole cleaned up real good she wanted me to come up and kiss her and share the last little bit of cum with her. She stuck her tongue down my throat and was getting every drop of cum that was left in my mouth; she loved cum just as much as I did. I rolled over on my back, my cock was standing straight up and she had a hand on my cock and was jacking me off. She started telling me how she had been getting fucked right before I arrived home. 

How she meet these 3 guys at the local pub and had taken them home and fucked and sucked them right here in are bed. She said the youngest one had an 11inch cock and that he was going to be coming back over in about two hours. Then she reached over and removed a huge dildo from the night stand and started rubbing K-Y jelly all over it she took her other hand and started massaging my asshole, sticking her fingers in and out, finger fucking my ass. It felt so good my cock was jumping around every time she slide her finger in, next thing I knew she had 3 or 4 fingers working in and out of my loose ass hole.

Pre cum was forming at the tip of my cock and she rubbed her finger over it and stuck her hand up to my mouth, I stuck my tongue out and licked it off her finger. Then she pulled her hand out of my well-fucked ass and inserted the huge dildo all the way in to the balls. I had a sharp pain at first but then I got real horny and started fucking back on the dildo as she fucked me with it. She has fucked me with a dildo ever since are honeymoon night and I love to be ass fucked by her. 

All of a sudden I heard someone knocking on the door, my wife stopped fucking my ass and told me to hold the dildo in my ass till she seen who was at the door. I reached around and took hold of the dildo it felt so good I continued to fuck myself with it. About that time my wife came back into the bedroom she had some strange young boy with her. I was so embarrassed I let go of the dildo and it shot out of my asshole and hit the wall. My wife started laughing and introduced me to the young man, she said his name was Buddy and he was the one with the big cock that had been fucking her earlier in the day.

Then she reached down and un snapped his pants, and when his pants hit the floor a large big veined cock was standing out like a flagpole. I have seen a lot of XXX videos but I have never seen a cock that big. After he got undressed my wife got down on her knees and was worshipping his large cock, she was sucking it and licking his balls. His cock was getting bigger and bigger then she got up and wrapped her hand around his big sex organ and pulled him over to where I was.

She told me that since I liked to eat cum so much that she wanted to see me suck Buddy&#8217;s cock. I was in shock, sure I have tasted a lot of different cum from a lot of different cocks that had fucked my wife, but I have never sucked a cock. She told me to sit on the side of the bed and then she came over and started rubbing his cock head all over my closed lips. At this time I felt my first taste of another man's cock I wanted to gag as I was thrust further forward, the head of his cock penetrating my lips and slipping obscenely in to invade my mouth. I was surprised at the texture, the cock was fully erect and throbbing, the foreskin pulled well back over the gland to expose the soft, shiny knob. 

It began to slide in and out of my mouth with great ease as I became used to the size and I could hear Buddy&#8217;s animal grunts as he began to fuck my face. My wife sat back and watched as Buddy&#8217;s fucked my face with force. He told my wife that I was an expert cocksucker and that if I kept up sucking as hard as I was he was going to explode in my mouth. She walked behind Buddy and spread his ass cheeks got down on her knees and stuck her tongue up his asshole.

His cock exploded all down my throat and I sucked and licked every drop of cum I could get. My wife jumped up and told me not to swallow all the cum she wanted some to. So me and her French kissed and I fed her some of Buddy&#8217;s cum, pushing it into her mouth with my tongue. When we were done I just sat there with this grin on my face. I had finally sucked my first cock and it was wonderful. My wife was so horny watching me suck Buddy off that she wanted both of us to fuck her in her pussy and ass at the same time.

My cock was rock hard and when me and my wife both sucked on Buddy&#8217;s cock and balls at the same time it didn&#8217;t take long for Buddy&#8217;s young cock to come alive. She told me to fuck her ass because Buddy&#8217;s cock would be too large for her ass. I had my cock buried all the way up to my balls in her asshole when I felt Buddy&#8217;s cock invading her pussy he fuck her so hard I could feel his big cock head going in and out of her pussy, he was massaging my cock threw the thin skin between her ass and pussy. 

Both of are cocks was swelling up and I could feel my cum boiling in my balls when both of us shot are cum deep inside her. We pulled are cocks out of her and she made us get in a 69 position and clean each other&#8217;s cock off, we both was sucking each others cock clean. After that I went down on her and cleaned her messy cunt and ass up. I had eaten so much cum that day I was in heaven. Buddy spent the night with us and he fucked my ass later on that night while I was on my hands and knee&#8217;s my wife laid down below me and sucked my cock while Buddy fucked my asshole. 

What was funny was my wife wouldn&#8217;t let him fuck her ass but she loved watching him ream my ass out. That was the first time I got fucked by a real cock, but I bet it won&#8217;t be the last. The next morning we got up and I was walking like I had been riding a horse. Or maybe I should say the horse was riding me. Buddy left and me and the wife went and got back in the bed we talked about what happen the previous night. Both of us got horny and had more sex. It all started out when I met my girlfriend Sherry at a strip club, she was an exotic dancer and she worked the back room too. That is where I first saw her, she was down on her knees sucking a young mans cock all the way to his balls. I couldn't believe a woman could suck that much cock down her throat. See, I have a very large cock and know woman has ever sucked the whole thing into her mouth before.

But this man's cock was as big as mine, if not bigger so I waited my time and set up an appointment with her. The first time we laid eyes on each other we feel in love she started sucking me and I thought my eyes was going to be sucked out of my head. My cock started spurting cum deep in her mouth and throat she kept sucking and licking till she had all my cum in her mouth. 

She looked up at me, and her mouth and tongue were coated in cum she was running her tongue around her lips and cum was rolling around in her mouth. She looked at me and said; kiss me lover, I didn't know what to do I have tasted my cum a little bit, when I am real horny while I am looking at a dirty magazine jacking off. I thought, What The Hell it's my cum so I raised up and our lips met and we started swapping cum between us.

I loved the taste the first time I tasted it. We kissed for a long time and when we was done she said that she has tried to get a lot of men to kiss her after she has sucked there cock and none of them would except me. She ask me if she could buy me a coffee after she got off work. I told her I would pick her up after her shift. I was on my way home to shower up and I couldn't believe I had met such a wonderful woman, I also couldn't believe I ate my own cum. 

When I started thinking about it my cock got hard I told myself if I jack off I have to eat my cum. Guess what? I jacked off and I ate my cum this time it was a lot richer, I guess because it wasn't mixed with Sherry's saliva. I thought to myself; why haven't I been eating all my cum over the years. Well I picked up Sherry and we didn't make it to the coffee shop; we ended up in my bed and we have been together ever since, that was 6 years ago and many loads of cum has been eaten since then.

The problem now is that we have her sister Candy living with us now and we all have a loving relationship. Candy loves cum as much as Sherry and me, and I can only produce so much cum a day. So what I have been doing is to fuck one of them and shoot a big load of cum in there pussy and let the other one suck it out it looks like I cum a lot more because it gets mixed with pussy juice and both of them like to eat pussy. But I have been getting left out, it seems like all they want me for is to produce sperm for them to eat. 

So Candy had a good idea! She has a boyfriend so she was getting all of his cum too. So one night after she had been out with him she came home and I noticed cum leaking down her panty hose she told me to come into the bedroom she had a treat for me. I went into the bedroom and Candy was spread out on the bed her cunt full of cum. Candy said I know you haven't tasted another man's cum but hear is your chance too! I hadn't had any cum to eat in about a week and Sherry was saying if I didn't eat it she was going too! I dropped down on my knees and started licking the cum off of her leg and to my surprise it tasted better than my own cum. 

I started sucking up all of the cum and looked over and my wife was licking some of the cum that had leaked out of her sister's asshole, it looked like Candy had brought home two loads of cum one in her cunt and one in her asshole. Sherry and I was trading cum and licks all over Candy's pussy and ass I bet Candy cum three more times before we was threw. After that night things changed a lot Sherry seen that I didn't mine eating another man's cum and it made her horny as hell thinking about me eating cum from another cock.

When we would be having sex in the heat of the moment she would be talking about me sucking a cock and getting cum straight from a cock. I never thought anything about it till one night Candy had two of her boy friends over and we all got drunk and Sherry pulled me into a corner and said she would like to see me suck one of there cocks while she sucked the other one. I was getting horny and Sherry was talking dirty to me saying things like when they both cum in our mouths we could share their cum together. 

When we went back into the bedroom Candy had both of their cocks out, sucking both of them at the same time. Sherry looked at the one guy, his name was Dave she said Dave do you mind if my boyfriend sucks the cum out of your cock Dave said he didn't mind it if he got to fuck my husbands ass after the blowjob. Sherry told him that he could fuck my ass after I sucked his cock. Dave came over to me and slapped his big cock up against my cheek I reached up and grabbed his cock and balls and started sucking and licking. 

In know time at all I was swallowing a huge amount of cum and I didn't share it with any one. That made Sherry mad because she still hadn't made the other man's cock cum yet, so I went over to where Sherry was sucking his cock and started working my tongue up this guy's asshole. He shot his cum down Sherry's throat in no time at all. Then I looked up at Dave and he had a raging hard-on, Candy got the KY jelly and was finger fucking my asshole, loosing up my anal cavity for my first real cock.

She took the head of Dave's cock and was massaging it up against my anal opening, rubbing it back and forth and I noticed it was slowly going in my ass. It hurt like hell for about 5 minutes then it started feeling good and I caught myself fucking back on it. I was moving my ass against his foreword strokes and I could feel pre-cum leaking out of my cock, when Sherry crawled under me and started sucking on my balls and cock. In no time at all I felt her mouth full of cum and Dave's cock kept on fucking my whore ass, all of a sudden his cock swelled up and pumped load after load of hot thick cum deep in my ass. 

Sherry pulled Dave's cock out of my ass and replaced it with her mouth licking the outer ring of my asshole. She was lapping the cum out of my asshole and loving it I looked down at her and she had almost her whole hand up her pussy masturbating. We all sucked and fucked each other till we went to sleep. After that night we started hanging out at XXX-rated movie houses and sucked all the cocks we could get are mouths around. We love to eat cum and people love to feed it to us. (if any of you people that read this story gets horny taste a little bit of your cum tonight while you masturbate) E-mail me and tell me how it tasted to you. My wife was a bartender in a small collage town in the Midwest, are sex life was the best anybody could ask for she was horny all the time. I worked out of town a lot and she would get lonely while I was away at first I bought her dildos and vibe raters to play with her pussy, while I was away and she said that was getting bored. So she suggested that I pick her out some collage boys that she could fuck and suck while I was away on business.

We agreed that when she was sucking and fucking these men that I would be listening on the phone and jacking-off. So we went down to the phone place and picked out a new speakerphone for the bedroom. I knew quiet a few of the collage boys around here so I went up to the local pub and told a few of them what the plan was and if any of them was interested in getting a free fuck or suck. Of course they was all for it, so we went back to my house and I introduced my wife to these fine young men when they saw my wife all of there cocks was hard and sticking up.

My wife explained to them that they would have to do what ever she ask them to do, sometimes she may only want to suck there cocks or maybe just a fuck it was up to her. They all agreed and then my wife said, come on guys pull your clothes off and let&#8217;s see them cocks. They all stripped down and my wife walked over and felt each of the cocks she pumped each one a little and took her other hand and felt of there balls to see how heavy they was, she knew right away that these cocks was full of cum and she intended to drain them all too night. 

She sat down on the side of the bed and a line formed in front of her the first cock she looked at belonged to a boy by the name of Carl. His cock was long and thick and had big veins running threw it she licked the end of it and it jumped up and down. Then she started licking up and down the shaft till it was wet with her saliva, Carl&#8217;s cock was so big around it was stretching her lips to the max. She stopped sucking him and told Carl she wanted his big cock in her pussy. She told Carl to stand back for now and let her watch him masturbate.

Carl stepped back and started jacking off as the next man stepped up and showed my wife his cock it was huge and all of his pubic hair was shaved off, I could tell she liked his bare naked cock because she started licking his balls and playing with his cock. His name was Peter and his cock had pre-cum forming at the pee-hole, she quit sucking on his balls and licked the cum off the end of his cock. As soon as she did this his cock erupted all over her face, long strings of fresh thick cum jetted out the end splashing all over my wife&#8217;s face. She liked the feel of hot cum on her face she had Peter lean over and lick his cum off of her face. 

When he was done the next guy stood in front of her his name was Clyde and he was as black as you can get his big black cock waving in the air. My wife had never sucked a black cock before but she did this time. I got so horny listening to the slurping sounds she was making with her mouth, she always believed in giving hot wet blowjobs I could see saliva running down his massive balls. All of a sudden she stopped sucking his cock and got up and bent over. She told Clyde to stick his cock in her pussy and fuck her. He slipped his black cock in her cunt and started pounding the hell out of her cunt.

I couldn&#8217;t stand it any more so I started jacking my cock off. It was so sexy standing there watching my wife being fucked hard by this black young man, his hard black cock going in and out of her wet pink pussy. In between her OOOOOO&#8217;s and AAAHHH&#8217;s she told me to stick my cock in her mouth. I moved around to the front of her and she inhaled my cock into her mouth with force. 

I didn&#8217;t last long it seemed like she sucked a gallon of cum out of my balls. When I finally got my cock out of her mouth I went down close to watch her cunt being abused by this black stud. I got down so close I could lick her clit while he pounded her cunt from behind. Just about that time Clyde let loose with a massive amount of cum I could tell right away that my wife&#8217;s pussy couldn&#8217;t hold all that cum. I tried to pull my lips off of her clit in time but cum even squirted all over my face.

That was the first time I ever tasted sperm from a black man. When I got out from under my wife she looked at me and started laughing it seems I had cum all over my face it was in my hair and some of it was leaking down the side of my neck. Clyde kept fucking her the cum that was deposited in my wife&#8217;s cunt was being whipped into a lather, it looked like butter it was all in both of there pubic hair.

His cock would not get soft he fucked her for about another 10 minutes and cum again, this time there wasn&#8217;t as much cum as the first time but when he pulled his cock out cum was flowing out of her cunt like a river. My wife was lying on the bed and looked over at Carl he was still jacking his cock. She motioned for him to come over to her in the meantime my cock was hard again too. 

She had Carl lay down on his back and she climbed on top of him and lowered her pussy down on his huge cock. She wanted me to get on top of her and stick my cock in her ass. Both me and Carl fucked in and out of both of her holes till we both cum in her. I had to leave out of town in the morning so I thanked the boys for helping me out with my wife and she said she would be calling them soon. After they left my wife made me go down on her and suck all the cum out of her ass and pussy. I acted like I didn&#8217;t like it but to tell you the truth I love a freshly fucked pussy with cum in it. Well this is the end of this segment but they will be many more so stay tuned. And all you guys out there if you aren&#8217;t eating the cum out of your wife&#8217;s pussy try it.



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Anal Slave(no email) 


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





