BDSM Library - Caught At A Peep Show




Caught At A Peep Show
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: 






It was a Friday night and I got home and cleaned up. I was going to a new XXX booth/ peepshow in town. My wife asked me where I was going and I told her I was going to play poker with the guys. 

I jumped in the car and drove off, I pulled into the parking lot and sat in the car for a minute and looked around. I looked in the side mirror and saw my wife pulling up behind me and parking. She got out of the car and approached my car. She opened the passenger side door and ask me what I was doing here?

She got in and sat down. I was speechless, she ask me if this was a place where you jack-off while you watch a movie. Before I could say anything. she said that she wanted to go with me, because she wanted to see what I liked about places like this. She said that I could watch a XXX movie at home and jack off, why did I want to come here. 

I told her that it was different to sit in a little booth and just think about how many people had jacked off in the very same place you are sitting, masturbating to a film you never seen before.

Well, we got out of the car and opened the door to the adult peep show. As soon as we walked in, they're where dildo's and all kinds of sex toys hanging on the walls for sale. My wife started handling them and asking me questions about all the different kinky toys. 

She had a huge dildo in her hands, and she was sliding her hands up and down on the dildo like she was jacking it off. All the men in the store were already looking at her and when she started jacking on the dildo they started crowding around her. I took her by the hand and led her over to the counter to get the change we were going to need for the movie.

We walked down a dark hallway and entered a booth. The booth was pretty small for two people but my cock was rock hard and my wife Pam was rubbing my crotch. I stuck five dollars worth of coins into the slot and the movie curtain opened and two guys where sucking each other's cock. I was shocked and have never seen anything like this, my wife stopped rubbing my cock and looked at me and said, "so this is what you come here to see, men sucking men". 

I told her there must be a mistake. I opened the door and looked at the sign on the door and sure enough the sign said that we where in the booth for homosexuals. I entered the booth and was fixing to tell my wife we were in the wrong booth when I looked over at the wall and she had her hand wrapped around a very large cock.

The booth had glory holes in it and the guy in the next booth stuck his cock in the hole and she grabbed it. Soon she took my cock in her other hand and was jacking it slowly as she licked down to my ball sack. She licked it and teased it and took my balls in her mouth one at a time and sucked them and licked them. 

I was beside myself with heat and flashes of sheer sexual pleasure. Then she raised my balls up and gently licked the bit of skin between them and my asshole. She looked up at me and said she couldn't believe I had come here to suck and fuck other cocks, she said she didn't know I was craving cocks instead of cunts. 

Then she started licking my asshole, sticking the end of her tongue into my ass, stabbing it back and forth. (I was going to tell her that we had gotten into the wrong booth but she was licking my ass so good, I just thought fuck it I will tell her later) She continued jerking my prick as her tongue bored into my asshole. I just shook with the sheer pleasure of it. 

Then I felt her tongue lick up across my balls, stopping to suck each of them. She put her middle finger in her mouth and wet it well with her saliva. As she took my cock in her mouth and her lips slid down my length, she pushed her finger into my asshole. Before long she had inserted two more fingers in my loose ass. 

Now her head was bobbing up and down, with one hand jerking my cock and her fist was plunging into my ass, massaging my prostate and making me see stars. This couldn't last much longer, then it happened. I have never come so hard, before or since. I unloaded a huge load of cum in her mouth. She kept sucking and sucking until I finally softened.

She pulled her hand out of my asshole. Then she looked up at me and opened her mouth. I saw the pool of pearly white cum in her mouth as she ran her tongue around her lips. She put her lips to mine and forced my spent cum into my mouth. At first it grossed me out but then we started snowballing back and forth and I had tasted my cum before when I was by myself. 

Pam then suggested that I suck the cock that she was still playing with. That's when I told my wife that we were in the wrong booth that all these cocks were gay cocks. She told me that she had a fantasy of me sucking a cock. And that she wanted me to suck the one she had in her hand. I told her that I wouldn't be sucking a cock unless it was on a she-male.

She took the cock she was playing with and stuck it up to her pussy and pushed it right up to the wall. This cock was longer than mine and his was sticking thru a wall. She started fucking herself on this strangers cock right in front of me. She said she would fuck it till it cum in her pussy or my mouth.

She had never fucked anybody but me since we have been together. I didn't want him dumping his cum in my wife's pussy, but I didn't want to suck his cock and have him cumming in my mouth ether. Time was running out. I looked down and he had already cum, my wife's eyes were rolled back in her head and he kept fucking her, the cum was whipped up into a white lather.

When she regained her composure She was mad as hell at me for making her fuck this strangers cock, she told me to look down at her pussy, up until tonight my cock was the only cock to ever fuck her. Now it is all matted up with a strangers cum. 

All I would have had to do was suck his cock and none of this would have happened. And it was one of her fantasies to watch me suck a cock. Now she ordered me to suck her pussy clean of all the cum that was pooled up in her gapping cunt hole.

I refused and she said that if I didn't suck her love hole clean she would start sucking all the cocks in the porno shop. As I hesitated another cock was sticking in the glory hole. This time it was a big black one and my wife had it in her hand she bent over and licked the head of it. Then she looked up at me and ask me if I was going to eat her pussy? I looked back down at the mess between my wife's legs. I didn't want her to suck a black cock. So I lowered my head and tried my first cream pie. First I licked the globs of cum up by running my tongue up from her asshole to her cunt.

It didn't taste all that bad and my cock got hard again thinking about what I was doing. I couldn't believe how hard my cock was. Moments ago she had sucked every drop of cum out of me and deposited it back in my mouth. I could still taste my cum a little bit. I couldn't take it any more I stood up and slipped my cock into her hot wet cunt and started pumping her hard. 

She released the big black cock she had been licking on. It didn't take long for me to shoot another load of sperm deep in her. As I pulled my cock out of her pussy my wife had moved around and took my cock in her hand, she ran her fingers up and down the shaft and then started licking the mixture of our three bodies from her hand, where she had been holding my slippery cock.

As I watched and moaned at the sensations and the sights, she licked the cum out of my pubic hair and began to take my balls into her mouth. Sucking one at a time to clean them. When she was about thru she looked up at me and ran her tongue once more around her lips, cleaning off the last traces of our juices.

I was out of my mind with excitement I cupped my hands under her ass cheeks after pressing her legs up and out. She was a mess. Her soft pubic hair was matted and soaked with a mixture of cum, sweat and pussy juice. As I watched, some clear juice followed by some slick white cum slid out of her still gaping fuck hole and started to slowly move down toward the brownish pink pucker of her asshole.

I started licking her pussy all around sucking up the cum that had been deposited by me and another fellow. Somebody I didn't even know. I started feeling real nasty and couldn't get enough kinky perverted sex. As I was licking her puckered asshole I felt something stab me in the neck. I turned around and my wife had opened the door to the peep room.

There stood a man with his cock in his hand and the end of it two inches from my lips. His cock looked like John Holmes. My wife grabbed his cock and started guiding it to my mouth she was rubbing the cock head against my lips, but I wouldn't open my mouth. I don't remember how it happened but when I opened my eyes I had his cock wedged into my mouth.

When I looked up at him, with my lips wrapped around his cock. I watched him, watched him with his hard cock fucking my mouth, watched him enjoying my blowjob. I looked over at my wife and she was smiling at me, she was happy. I was so turned on, as I sucked him and watched him enjoy it. After awhile, I could feel him stiffen and I was thinking he was getting ready to shoot his load of sperm into my warm mouth. That's what I wanted; I wanted him to cum in my mouth for me.

Then he started to cum and he practically filled my waiting mouth with his cum. I sucked and swallowed his thick tasty cum. When he was spent, I sucked and got all of his cum into my mouth then I kissed his cock before I stood up and looked over at my wife.

I had been so taken in with what I was doing I didn't notice my wife down on her knee's sucking a cock to. He was really fucking her mouth, fucking her face, his hips were moving and she was holding him tight by his ass cheeks as he was holding her head and really fucking her mouth. Her nose was in his pubic hair and she could feel his balls on her chin.

She was a cock-sucking bitch for him. And I was a cock-sucking bitch for my wife. His legs got stiff and he started pumping cum and my wife sucked ever drop of it down her throat. After she licked his cock clean I got her by the hand and got her the hell out of there.

Before we entered this place my wife was an everyday housewife that was faithful and a little princess. Now she was a cock starved horny whore that wants her and her husband to suck and fuck other men. We left her car at the peep show and we drove home in my car. As we were traveling home she was telling me how she was going to get a job at the peepshow. She ask me if it would be O.K. I just don't know what to say. Well it's been three days since my wife and I had been at the peepshow. She has bugged the piss out of me, about her getting a job there. Are sex lives have been great, were constantly fucking and sucking each other. She likes to get on top of me and sit on my hard cock and rock back and forth to fuck her self.

While she tells me dirty little stories about how she wants to work at the peep show and how she will service all the patrons and how her pussy feels when she even thinks about what happen last week. 

I kept telling her that I didn't want her to work at a place like that. But finally I broke down and agreed to her working at the peep show. It had its advantages I would take her to work and go inside and watch a show for free. She would join me at her midnight break and most of the time she would suck me off during her lunch break.

One night I come to pick her up from work and she told me to go over in the dildo section and pick out a large dildo for my pleasure. I picked out a model called the John Holmes special.

I couldn't wait to get home knowing my wife was going to use a strap-on dildo to fuck me. As soon as we got home she laid out a dildo harness on the bed, and I knew that she wanted to fuck my ass with it. She laughed. "Does that turn you on?" She smiled at me in an evil way. "No, I'm not going to fuck your ass with this. Well not now, anyway. 

But I'll keep that in mind for the future. What she wanted was for me to strap on the harness with the dildo and fuck her with it. She then told me that my cock wasn't big enough to satisfy her any more as she strapped the dildo on me, my cock was rock hard.

As I positioned myself over her and between her spread legs, she took hold of the dildo and the back of my neck and pulled me to her. "Now forget that you even have a cock. This is your cock from now on." She was very excited, and arched up to the fake cock, and I moved as if it were my cock.

She whispered hotly. "Don't you wish you had a cock like this? I looked at her, and she answered. "It's perfect. You provide the movement, and the dildo provides the 14 inches of excitement. I can tell a big difference in my wife since her new job. She has turned into such a whore. 

She always calls and tells me when she is about to be a bad girl. Some times she gets horny during the day watching all the men coming in there to get some relieve. So she will go in a booth with one of the customers and suck and fuck their cock. Sometimes she makes me come to work with her, and she will set me up in a booth. When some of her favorite men come in she will set them up in the booth next to mine, then she will come in the booth with me and make me suck their cocks while she masturbates and watch's me suck them off.

Sometimes I will suck a cock while she tongues my ass out. One time I watched her suck this guy off, and when he cummed she pulled it out of her mouth and it blasted all over my face.

My wife no longer wears bras or panties when she goes to work. She decided to get real kinky and stop taking the pill and continue fucking all customers, co-workers and the other manager (who is black) She knows there is a chance of getting knocked-up and not even knowing by who.

I am going along with this and I enjoy eating her fresh cream pies when she comes home and she started letting me fuck her and shooting my cum up her cunt too. I get turned on fucking her as she goes through her pregnancy not knowing who knocked her up and what color the baby will be as she is still fucking the customers, most of them are black or Latino.

She is 4 months pregnant now and her tits and ass are great. She doesn't miss a day of work. I went down to see her the other day and she was in a booth with two black guys. As I peeked into the booth she had one of them between her tits and was licking on the head of his cock as he fucked her tits. He shot a huge load of cum all over her tits, but what was real sexy was that he had been fucking them so hard that milk was spurting out of her tits.

I entered the booth and she had me down between her breast licking up the cum and titty milk. As the other black guy slide up behind me and fucked me in the ass. I could tell he was about to cum because I could feel his big black cock swelling up in my ass. When he started cumming it shot up in me so hard I could almost taste it. 

My wife pulled his cock out of my asshole and made me squat down over her belly and let the black man's sperm leak out of my ass and land on her belly. Then she took her pretty little hand and rubbed it into her skin like a fine body lotion.

It was embarrassing, he had fucked me real hard and when my ass got loose he shoved a lot of air up my asshole and it sounded like I was farting when the cum was leaking out.

I guess I am going to get me a part time job here. They are adding more booths and they are going to have live sex acts. My wife told the owner that I would do any sex act that anybody wanted to watch. I just don't know about her sometimes.



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Anal Slave(no email) 


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





