BDSM Library - A Load In Every Hole




A Load In Every Hole
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: 






Keeping my little women happy is my first priority and it doesn&#8217;t matter whom she is happy with. What I mean to say is that my wife keeps me completely satisfied sexually she gives me her pussy, ass and mouth any time I want it. You would think that I had the world on the end of a string, but I can&#8217;t keep up with her sexually, she drains my balls of all my cum.

My cock was so sore I could hardly piss out of it. My tongue was raw from licking her asshole and pussy and all she wanted was more and more. So I suggested that we bring other people into our bedroom to help out with her love for sex. She agreed and I ask her who she wanted to share are love with first.

She said that the boy next door was home from college and that he turned her on. Well I knew the boy next door his name was Bill and he was over 21 so I thought that he would be a great choice. She told me that the next day when I was at work that she would seduce him, some how.

And that if I would set up the movie camera she would capture it on film and I could watch it when I came home. I set up the camera and it was getting late so we went to bed. I got up next morning and got ready for work, my cock was rock hard from thinking about my beautiful wife Pam fucking and sucking another man. I kissed her goodbye and went to work.

All day long my cock stayed hard and I couldn&#8217;t wait to get home and see the movie of Pam fucking and sucking Bill. I got off work and I raced home, I came in the house and Pam was sitting on the couch in a g-string with hose and garter belt on she came over to me and gave me a kiss. I could smell and taste cum on her breath, she told me that Bill had just left about 15 minutes ago and that she really enjoyed her self sucking and fucking his huge cock.

She also told me that she had a big surprise for me and that I had to agree to do everything to her that Bill had done to her. I agreed, I thought to my self, what could Bill have done that I haven&#8217;t done? We went into the bedroom and you could smell the sex in the air. I was so horny my cock was aching to be sucked. 

Pam went over and slipped the tape in the VCR and we laid back and watched the film. The first scene was Pam pulling off his clothes, and then she was sucking his cock. I have to admit, he had a huge cock, about 3 inches longer than mine and bigger around too. Then he went down and was sucking on her cunt, after that he fucked her. And to my surprise he had her on her hands and knees and stuck his hard cock in her asshole.

She was moaning and groaning, I&#8217;m talking balls to the wall sex . You could see his cock swell up and he started pumping cum into my wife&#8217;s asshole, deep into her ass he must have pumped five or six squirts of cum in her ass. Don&#8217;t get me wrong there is nothing more romantic than an ass full of cum. After he was done he laid down on his back and my wife squatted down over his face and his cum was leaking out of her well-fucked asshole into his mouth.

Her asshole was filled to the rim with cum, her stretched sphincter muscle was fully exposed. She would tighten up her asshole and the cum would sprew out of it. He lapped up every drop of cum and then she sat down on his face and he sucked and licked her cum filled asshole clean. I was impressed with the young man&#8217;s style. 

I had never ate the cum out of her asshole or her pussy. But I guess I would from now on. I turned the VCR off and started fucking her pussy I didn&#8217;t last long I shot off a big load of cum deep in her pussy, I held her legs up in the air and went right straight down to her cum covered clit and started sucking my sperm right out of her hole. It tasted very good and I sucked every drop out of it.

I was so horny that I crawled back on top of her and shot another load of cum down her cunt and ate it to. That was the way it all started, from that time on I have shared my wife with hundreds of men and I have sucked and swallowed gallons of cum out of her asshole and pussy. My wife Pam calls her pussy a little cum dripper and I am always there to catch the cum. Sometimes I miss and the cum drips down on the sheet but I always get down there and lick it off the sheet.

Our new thing is gang-bangs Pam loves to be fucked in all 3 of her holes at the same time. I of course get to clean her mess up with my tongue. I love to be sucking the cum out of her pussy when a big cock is fucking her ass hole from behind. After he cums I trade places with someone.

Another man will lie down on the bed and my wife will crawl on top of him and insert his cock in her cunt and I will get up behind her and suck the fresh cum out of her asshole. This will go on over and over till she has drained every ounce of cum out of all the men at the party. Sometimes she will suck my cock while everybody else fucks her ass and pussy, her holes will be fully injected with cum spewing cocks.

I just love to watch other men fill her ass and cunt with their cum. One time I went down on her and took a straw and sucked the cum out of her ass and pussy, now that&#8217;s what I call a cum milk shake. I still love to set up the camera and film her in action she loves the taste of cum to so sometimes after a man has cummed in her pussy she places her hand under her cunt and as the guy withdraws she catches the cum running out of her.

And looking deep into the camera, she moans while licking and sucking her fingers clean of cum. My wife Pam would make a good adult film star and her love for kinky sex really shows in the home movies we have. One time she was fucking seven guys in a motel and I sat back and was watching them fuck all of her holes till she was full of sperm and I took out a tablespoon and scraped her pussy lips while the cum was leaking out of her cunt and I fed her the cum in a spoon.

All of the guys thought that was sexy and they was more then happy to keep filling her holes up with cum and Pam was more then glad to keep sucking it down her throat. After the last man cum I made her suck my cock till I came in her mouth, then she fed it back into my mouth so I would have a treat too.



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Anal Slave(no email) 


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





