BDSM Library - Double Bind




Double Bind
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: 






Chapter 1


Lauren snuggled into a large beanbag chair in the corner of her dorm room, with her white Macbook perched on her lap. She grabbed a magazine off her desk and put it under the laptop to insulate her legs from its hot underside. Even still, the temperature of her legs and thighs was slowly rising as the computer continued to heat. She was about half way through her first year of college, and had been lucky enough to be given a room to herself, which adjoined a common room shared by three other students.

The girl was grateful for the privacy, as she knew plenty of college kids who lived with one or even more than one roommate, and who had to resort to elaborate arrangements in order to have any time to themselves. Having her own room was especially helpful because her boyfriend Scott, a year older then her, still shared a dorm room with another guy. This way they could enjoy their sex life without having to worry about other people getting in the way of their plans.

It was a pity, Lauren thought to herself, that the advantages of the room had been going unused recently. Scott was away at a fencing tournament, and had been gone for the past three days. Prior to that, he'd been so busy with practice, and she had been so concerned with catching up for midterms, that they'd only had sex twice in as many weeks. Frustrated and horny, she found her mind frequently drifting from the paper on primate evolution that she was working on, and the internet was only a click away. Deciding that it would be better to clear her mind by giving herself over fully to pleasure, she grabbed her modestly-stowed rabbit-ears vibrator from its bedside hiding place in a sunglasses pouch, and settled back into her favorite chair.

Pulling off her jeans and tanktop, her left hand slunk its way up her slim torso and started to brush against her breasts. She set her laptop on one thigh and googled "ropemagic" without much deliberation. Clicking on the first search result brought her to a site that featured lots of young, thin, beautiful Japanese women artfully photographed in various states of undress. What was unusual about the site was that all of the women were bound in yards and yards of lightly colored rope. There were dozens of photo sets on the site, but the amazing thing about them was that every girl seemed to be tied differently. And, while some of the girls looked to be very tightly and restrictively bound indeed, others appeared to wear their ropes more as a form of decoration than as a means of restraint. They coiled around arms, legs, and stomachs; they framed smooth, heart-shaped asses; they even gently supported pert breasts, forming perfectly symmetric and elaborately knotted bras of rope. Lauren imagined struggling against carefully and securely wrapped bonds, and let herself give in to the sensations of the vibrator she was holding between her legs. 

From a young age, Lauren had been unusually interested in bondage, without even realizing that there was anything particular about this or that it had a sexual element at all. She had always paid attention to cartoons featuring women with bound arms and legs and a cloth gag pulled between their lips. In high school, after her parents were asleep, she would lock her bedroom door and tie her arms and legs with scarves. One time, after seeing something similar online, she had pocketed a handful of clothespins from the laundry room, and then - with her ankles, knees, and thighs all tightly bound in silk scarves - she had taken two of the wooden pins and carefully placed them on her stiff, eagerly-awaiting nipples. It hurt, but she liked it. The feeling was strangely addictive, maybe because it seemed to produce not only a physical sensation but a kind of emotional longing as well. She left the pins on for a few minutes, relishing the mild jolts of pain as she hopped into the bathroom on her bound legs in order to admire her perky C-cup breasts and clamped nipples in the mirror over the sink. A heavy gasp accompanied her removal of the clamps, as blood returned to her flesh and brought an unexpected burn with it.

Lauren was lucky that her boyfriend seemed to enjoy bondage as well. She had been reluctant to even mention her interest at first, and she had never told him about her solo exploits, but the first time he (nervously) grabbed a couple of silk scarves from her closet and used them to tie her wrists to the headboard before going down on her for what felt like a deliciously long time, she reacted very well. She loved the way that the scarves pulled her arms above her head and spread them, exposing the smooth skin of her underarms, and making her feel vulnerable while at the same time giving her something to tug and struggle against. "You should do that more often," she purred at him as they cuddled, after several tremendous orgasms had radiated out from her engorged clit and shuddered through her body. "Go down on you?" he said, while she wriggled her hands out of the amateurly tied scarves. "No, silly. Tie me up," she replied. "And I won't break, you know. You can tie me a lot tighter than that."

That was all the encouragement Scott needed. He had been harboring bondage fantasies since he was a child, too, but he hadn't known how to bring them up. He thought they might scare Lauren away. Over the next few months the two of them experimented with bondage as often as they could. Sometimes it was as simple as her getting fucked in a spreadeagle position. Other times, he would hogtie her by wrapping her wrists and ankles and then looping another scarf around both coils. This was a great position to let her struggle around on the bed and turn herself on, as her breasts were squashed underneath her and her nipples rubbed against the soft covers.

Scott even went to a hardware store and bought about a hundred feet of rope, which he cut into smaller segments and used to tie her more securely. He was lucky to have been born with an intuitive spatial sense, and he'd been able to follow a decent online tutorial showing how to construct the shinju and box harness that so many good bondage sites seemed to use. She knew what this was, of course, as she'd seen it on many Japanese bondage models, but the first time that she found herself tightly restrained with wrists just above the small of her back, upper arms trapped at her sides, and breasts slightly squeezed by the top and bottom ropes that wrapped around her torso, she almost swooned from the surprising feelings of arousal and serenity that welled up in her. She loved the way that her slender body looked in the mirror when adorned by the ropes.

What Scott really wanted to do was to take the tie to the next level. There were two ten-foot pieces of quarter-inch thick rope in his bag of bondage tricks, and he could think of nothing better to do with them than to wrap one tightly around each of her jutting breasts. He knew it would squeeze the base of her tits and making the flesh bulge out, as he had seen in so many of the bondage pictures that could make him instantly hard when he looked at them. He thought about how he would love to to see his girlfriend with tightly cinched tits and clothespins on her erect nipples. With her arms strapped to her sides and her hands out of the way, he could force her petite body to her knees and hold onto the chest harness while she sucked on what he was sure would be his almost painfully hard cock. Or with her arms totally restrained, he could force her face-down onto the bed and penetrate her, or even, as he had long wanted to do, fuck her in her tight, firm ass.

But he couldn't do it. Tying her in playful or romantic ways was one thing, but subjecting her to the humiliating treatment that he yearned to try would probably scare her away. Not that he wanted to hurt her or upset her; in fact, the girls in the Hogtied pictures and the Sex and Submission movies all looked like they were incredibly aroused, and he thought that more serious bondage and sexual torment could help his girlfriend really let go and submit to her deepest erotic passion. Still, tying her tits like that and using clamps on her might make her think that he was some kind of sadist, and he was too embarrassed and worried to ask her about it.

Lauren, meanwhile, was finding herself in a near-constant state of erotic desire. The bondage they'd played with had been great, but it was tame compared to the stories she'd read and the pictures and videos she'd seen. Even relatively soft-core and "girl-oriented" stories like Terri and Jennifer's Bondage Adventures, which described the pleasurable bondage frolicking of a pair of lesbian friends and their cohorts, included more edgy things like ball gags, nipple clamps, and vibrating butt plugs. Bondage was turning into an escalating arms race for her, and now that she had started, she needed more. She wasn't ashamed of her more elaborate fantasies, as long as they remained in her head, but she was ashamed to talk about them and she didn't know what Scott would think. Would he really want to shove a vibrating plug in her ass and tie it in place with a crotch rope? Even if he would, she couldn't bring herself to say the words out loud. They were too embarrassing. Instead, she contented herself with mild "damsel in distress" bondage games, while letting her imagination run wild when she masturbated, thinking of being captured by a devious mind bent on extracting every bit of pleasure and pain from her body.









Chapter 2


One day, after daydreaming about bondage through most of an economics lecture that she really should have been listening to, Lauren got back to her room in a state of total erotic frenzy. She locked the door, stripped off her jeans, and peeled her soaked panties away from her pussy. She was about to look at RopeMagic, or Hogtied, or one of her favorite kinky blogs like Kinkerbelle or Luvbight, or any of the other bondage sites that she turned to when she just had to get off, but it all felt the same, somehow. More images, more stories, but the same few minutes of stroking her clit while voyeuristically thinking about other people's experiences. She wanted to imagine herself in her own bondage adventure, to inhabit a fantasy that could have some chance of coming true, so it would feel more real. Not knowing where online kinky people went to find others like them, she went to the personals section of her city's Craigslist and typed in "bondage."

The number of replies startled her. "I guess I'm not alone," she thought to herself. But scanning down the list, very few ads were posted by women. There were a lot of men looking for women, and, she saw, a lot of men looking for men. She did see one couple seeking a woman, and read the post carefully. It was well written - by the girl, it seemed - and it was seeking another young, bisexual girl with a shaved pussy and few inhibitions to be their bondage slut for the night. Both members of the couple were sexually dominant, and they would take turns tying up their slave in tight positions, toying with her pussy, spanking her, and "forcing" her to perform oral sex for her master and mistress. Lauren barely made it through the whole ad before she came with a whole-body shudder, imagining being tied spreadeagle on a bed, stretched out, with her breasts bound and nipples clamped, while a cute, petite girl ground her wet pussy into Lauren's face and a handsome man drove his cock in and out of her vulnerable, exposed cunt. Somehow, the thought that real people were only an email away, anxious to make all of this happen for the right girl, was so much more arousing than a fictional account of the same scenario ever could be.

Over the next few weeks, she would look at bondage listings whenever she was horny and in need of release. She didn't tell Scott, as she thought he might be insecure about her fantasy of projecting herself into other real people's lives.

Most of the ads looking for bondage, to be honest, seemed to be written by barbarous fools. Lauren was a very verbal person, and it turned her on to read a well-written description of what someone was looking for and what he would do to his victim. It helped her visualize the scene in her mind. She also assumed that someone who had a strong command of language would probably be more responsible and more creative about bondage as well. It was strange, Lauren thought to herself, when you had all the time in the world to craft a compelling ad and when no one could know if you're telling the truth, most people still couldn't get it right. But a small subset of the ads were quite detailed and convincing, and she always found something to make her pussy wet.

On one of these occasions, though, something was different. The ad was in the m4w section, and just like so many others, it described a dominant man looking for a submissive girl wanting BDSM experience. Maybe it was the phrase "You will be stripped, gagged, and tightly bound in inescapable shibari positions." Maybe it was his qualification that "This is not about sex, but about the erotic thrill of being expertly restrained and forced to experience the sensations of pleasure and pain that I choose for you. No sexual contact or service expected unless agreed upon beforehand. Novices especially encouraged, my pleasure is in the fulfillment of your long-simmering bondage fantasies." Or maybe it was his somehow believable assurances about discretion and safety, coupled with his age - which was 32. Most of the well-written, self-confident ads she had read over the previous few weeks were posted by men in their forties or fifties, and while she didn't doubt their bondage skills, she found it hard to be aroused by the idea of being naked and vulnerable in front of someone so much older than herself.

Would it be wrong to respond? Part of her knew that she shouldn't do it, but curiosity about exploring such long-standing fantasies got the better of her. He wouldn't be a sex partner, she thought to herself, it's more like a tutor or a guide. I would just be getting a chance to figure out whether my fantasies hold up in reality. Anyway, she convinced herself, he probably won't even respond. And if he does, hopefully he'll include some hot descriptions of his bondage work, and I can decide later whether or not to write back.

Thinking to herself for a moment, she logged into an old gmail account that was registered to a made-up name and wrote:

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Hi! I'm kind of nervous, I've never responded to anything like this before or even really considered it. But something about what you said made me feel like I'd be missing out on a great opportunity if I didn't respond. Maybe I just want to learn about myself, I don't know. Anyway, I'm nineteen, 5'3", 110 lbs, straight dark hair, brown eyes. I've played with bondage a little bit, but nothing too serious. I've been thinking about it for forever though, and lately I can't stop imagining what it would be like to be one of the girls in the porn I look at. I think I'd be more comfortable exploring this with a stranger instead of my boyfriend (is that bad?) It just feels too weird to ask my boyfriend to humiliate me and torment me, I don't think I could ever say that to him. So, yeah, that's why I'm writing. What do you think?

She couldn't wait to get back to her email. She was glad she didn't have an iPhone or she'd have checked it every few minutes during class. When she got back to her room that evening after dinner and logged into her account, there was one new message waiting for her:

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;What do I think? It sounds like a very big part of you won't be satisfied until you've experienced bondage at the hands of someone who knows how to restrain you the way you fantasize about. Maybe you'll discover that it's not for you, or maybe you'll find that your sex life has been missing something all along. I can't tell much about you from one email, except that this urge must be very strong in you for you to have written back. From my experience, most women don't respond to ads like mine on a whim. Some women I've played with have found not just sexual satisfaction, but a deep emotional catharsis in erotic pain and bondage. You might not get to that place with a stranger, but if you do submit to me and have a good time, it might help you verbalize your desires to your boyfriend, who could help you explore them further.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Since you're attached, let's say up front that there would be no sex involved. To clarify: I keep my pants on throughout. OK? Now if you're still interested, why don't you write back and let me know what you've done before and what you would want from a scene with me. What are your definite limits, and what would you be disappointed to leave without experiencing?

She replied immediately: "In terms of what I've done, I've been tied up in a breast harness, hogtied, spreadeagled. My boyfriend has had sex with me and gone down on me while I've been tied up (but I could move around a fair bit). That's about it, really. As for my limits, nothing that's going to harm me or leave any serious marks, and I'm not interested in bodily functions stuff." She thought about telling him everything she wanted to try, but despite how open she was being, it was too shameful to be explicit about her desires. Somehow it was easier saying what she didn't want than what she did. "I attached some pictures of what turns me on," she said instead. "I hope that's OK." She then browsed through kink.com preview pictures for about fifteen minutes, saving to her desktop half a dozen that caught her attention and then attaching them in her message. If there was anything in common among the pictures, it was that all the girls wore restrictive gags, all were bound so that they could barely move (with their arms and legs pulled tightly together or stretched almost obscenely wide), and all but one had clamps attached to their nipples. What was he going to think of her?

When she woke up in the morning, there was a reply waiting. "OK," he said. "I think I get the idea. So, when do you want to come by?"









Chapter 3


Three days later, three days that had passed with near-constant anticipation, Lauren stood outside a house several miles from campus, located in a very good neighborhood. She couldn't quite believe that she was there, but she was, and reaching out with a tremble in her arm that felt like the after-effects of too much caffeine, she rang the bell. The door opened, and a man appeared wearing tight-fitting jeans and a dark grey, designer wool pullover. "Come in, please," he said. She took a deep breath, thought for a long moment about saying that she must be at the wrong address, and walked inside. He led her to a large room with a couch and several chairs, some half-lit lamps, and a thick, expensive-looking rug in the middle. There was a coffee table pushed against the back wall, which had clearly been moved to the side for the occasion. "Take a seat," he offered as he pointed to one of the chairs. "Can I get you anything?" She sat down, shaking her head. "I think we should just get started," she said. "OK," and he sat on the couch next to her chair.

"So, you said in your email that you've been hogtied. What was that like?" "Oh, well," she paused, starting to blush, "my boyfriend tied my arms behind my back, then he tied a rope around my ankles, and he tied my hands to my feet. It was fun to wriggle around on the bed like that." She was embarrassed, but also strangely comfortable talking to this man about her bondage experiences. Certainly it was far easier than talking to her friends would have been, like he was a therapist who wouldn't judge her. "Well," the man said. "I think you deserve to be hogtied for real. What do you say?"

Her mind flashed back to the photos she'd sent him - photos of girls with their elbows pulled together painfully behind them with leather straps and their backs arched from the tension. "Sounds good," was all she managed to say, praying that her rope marks would clear by the time Scott returned from a tournament at the end of the weekend. The man walked over to a cabinet, opened it, and took out a long stretch of rope. "Take your shoes off and stand up on the rug," he commanded her. She did so, feeling a sensual haze come over her as her toes curled into the soft, thick fur. It made her feel safe somehow. "Now, take off that top of yours." She did so, barely able to believe that she was now standing in her bra only minutes after meeting a stranger online. But as he smoothed the rope through his fingers in search of its midpoint, she found herself saying, "I should take my bra off too, right?" He looked at her, as if to say you really know what you want, don't know?, but he didn't say anything as he unhooked her white Agent Provocateur bra and let it fall to the floor. Her breasts were full and high, with areolae about an inch and a half in diameter and soft pink nipples.

He spun her around, adjusting her wrists so they were parallel at the middle of her back, elbows bent ninety degrees. Wrapping the doubled rope several times around her wrists, he said, "See, it doesn't need to be that tight." He now looped the rope between her arms, cinching the tie. "Because when you wrap this way, it becomes inescapable." He took up the ends and circled them around her ribcage under her arms, pulling the loops up until they sat snugly below her breasts, then switched direction behind her back and wrapped several more times above her breasts. With the remaining rope, he brought the ends over one shoulder and down between her breasts, grabbing both sets of breast ropes and cinching them together, and then running it back up over her other shoulder to be tied at the knot forming between her shoulder-blades. After attaching another rope to her wrists, he now wrapped her torso again, this time trapping her upper arms against her sides and then cinching between biceps and body. She wriggled and found that her upper arms were completely immobile, and her wrists only had a little bit of play. As she struggled in the ropes, her uncovered breasts responded to the cold air and the slight squeeze of the ropes, and the man noticed her nipples hardening into eager pencil-erasers. He had plans for them.

"How do you feel so far?" He asked. She was breathing heavily, but slowly, enjoying the mild bite as each breath compressed her chest against all of the ropes holding her in. "Well, my boyfriend tied me like this before. But it wasn't as tight," she replied. Instead of responding, the man wrapped his arms around her waist from behind, unbuttoned her boot-cut Diesel jeans, and started pulling them down. She obliged willingly by shifting her hips back and forth, until her jeans slid off and bunched at her ankles. She stepped up with one foot at a time and he pulled them free, admiring the perfect skin of her smooth bubble ass, well displayed in a thong that matched her bra. He had the idea that she would enjoy the sight too, and briefly left the room, returning with two college-style door mirrors, perhaps four feet high by eighteen inches wide. He stood them on the furniture so that between the two of them she could see herself from the side and from behind, and then watched in amusement as she stared at herself in the mirrors with a look of yearning.

"OK, why don't you sit down and cross your legs." She sank onto the rug, feeling the cheeks of her ass brush against the soft fur. Taking more rope, the man bound her crossed ankles much as he had her wrists, and then started wrapping the rope around her legs. She quickly lost track of exactly what he had done, but essentially found that a network of cinches now connected thighs to calves and calves to opposite feet. When she tried to struggle she found that she couldn't bend her legs inward at all, nor could she flatten her legs farther toward the floor. They were totally immobile, but she didn't realize how vulnerable this could make her feel until he pushed her body backward so she was lying on her bound arms. With her body almost horizontal, her pussy would now have been obscenely framed by her spread thighs, if she hadn't still been wearing panties. The man didn't give her long to consider this, though, as he took hold of her body and flipped it over sideways until she was face-down on the rug. Her breasts were squashed beneath her and her nipples rubbed enticingly as she squirmed, testing the limits of her bonds.

This was much stricter than Scott had ever tied her, even though her arms and legs weren't connected to each other. Her only remaining source of leverage was her taut abs and her slender back. She wondered if this was the end of the tie, thinking that if he were to start doing things to her, she wouldn't really be able to resist at all. She wriggled around pleasurably, feeling sweat start to form as the man left the room, walked down the hall, and then returned.

It had been a while since he had spoken at all, and she jumped a little when he said, "I hope you're enjoying this so far, because things are about to get a whole lot worse for you. I don't know that it will help either of us to let you complain." With that, she felt something suddenly pressing against her lips. This was the moment she'd been waiting for! She'd never been gagged before, but the thought of it had always turned her on more than almost anything else. She opened her mouth and her lips stretched around a firm, rubbery ball. It was large enough for her to feel a faint strain on her jaw, but not so big that it hurt. The ball displaced her tongue, and when she tried to say Can you move the mirrors to the floor, it came out as a jumbled mess. But the man was used to the muffled requests (and groans, and cries) of strictly-gagged captives, and he momentarily left the ball in her mouth with its straps hanging down, as he picked up the mirrors and leaned them sideways on the floor against the couch and chair. Lauren strained to hold her head up and turn it toward the mirror lying next to her, and saw that the ball was red and was connected to soft leather straps on either side, which the man proceeded to pull behind her head and buckle together tightly enough that they dug slightly into the corners of her mouth. She pushed against the ball with her tongue, but it didn't budge.

"Now we're getting somewhere" he said under his breath. She moaned unintelligibly in response. Another rope was quickly tied to her ankles and pulled through a loop in the knot near the top of her back. The man slowly continued to pull, causing her crossed legs to lift into the air and her chest to be pulled off the floor, until he finally seemed satisfied and tied the rope tight. Her back was arched in a classic bow shape and her abs struggled to maintain the punishing position. There was now essentially no movement available to her at all, except that she could adjust the position of her wrists a bit behind her back. As she explored the extent of her subjugation, the man took a laptop from the shifted coffee table and placed it on the floor about two feet in front of her face. It showed one of the pictures that she had sent him as examples. Looking back and forth between the picture and the mirror, she marveled at how she really did look like she was in a Hogtied shoot! The model's legs were closed though, whereas hers were bound creatively apart. She blushed to think that her position was even more obscenely exposed and humiliating than the one shown on the site. Except that she had her panties on, of course.

"What's missing?" asked the man, also shifting his gaze back and forth between her and the picture. Silence. By now drool was running down her chin. He leaned over and smacked her ass hard with his hand, saying "You really should answer me when I ask you a question." She moaned something that sounded like "riffle crams". "Hmm, looks like you're right," he responded. She saw him take two wooden clothespins from his pocket, and she bit down on the rubber ball as he placed one on her left nipple. By now, her tender buds were rock hard from friction with the rug, and the clamp was held about half a centimeter apart as it stuck out at an angle, with its tail end resting against the floor. He did the same to her right nipple, and she again felt the sharp bite, even as the left was settling into a warm ache. She flexed her abs and felt her breasts move a fraction of an inch against the rug, sending a jolt of pain through both crushed tits.

God it hurt, but Lauren was in heaven. There was no way that Scott could possibly have tied her with this level of skill. Every shiver sent a ripple through her breasts, and her back and abs throbbed with the tight position. She stared at her glistening, trussed body in the mirrors, which gave her a good view from the side but unfortunately couldn't show her back and ass from the top. She was completely absorbed in her predicament&nbsp; - all other thoughts had disappeared from her mind. She didn't even realize that the man had been gone when he came back into the room, carrying something small. Craning her neck to the side she could see the toy in her peripheral vision. But he put it behind the couch, instead focusing on another rope in his hands, which he attached to her wrists and then wrapped snugly around her waist, knotting it in place. The rope pulled her wrists gently downward, totally securing them at last and preventing all movement. The ends fell over her right hip and coiled on the floor. He reached behind the couch and grabbed his toy, then gently pulled the thong of her panties aside and pushed it against her puckered asshole.

Lauren had let her previous boyfriend have anal sex with her once, though she'd never told Scott. Even with lube it had hurt a lot, and not in a good way - and she didn't want Scott to compare their level of sexual experimentation and feel insecure. Since then she had basically stayed away from anal play, and now, feeling the toy, she moaned "ung, ung, ung" into her ball gag. The man, to her surprise, actually removed the toy and said, "Well, you're new to this, so let's start slow." She felt a cold liquid drip onto her asshole which she assumed was lubricant, followed quickly by a finger, which didn't penetrate her, but rather rubbed the outside of her rosebud in a circular motion. She had to admit to herself that it felt good... really good... and she tried to relax and enjoy the sensations. The man kept rubbing for about a minute and then started to slowly massage her asshole, starting in the center and pressing outward toward the rim, while working his way in a circle. She couldn't believe how good it felt, and how much she was starting to wish for, almost to need, something inside her to clench her anus around.

Soon she got her wish, as the man once again picked up his surprise and pressed it against her winking asshole. "You're really not supposed to use lube for this, but I think it should still work just fine," he said. "We didn't use very much, anyway." With that, he pushed it inside her. It seemed to be a thin butt plug, narrow at the tip and two thirds of an inch at the center, before tapering down to a small diameter that her ass clamped around hungrily. It felt kind of rough, though. About thirty seconds in, she started to feel a slight warming sensation spread through her ass, particularly around her anal ring. The warming increased, and she started to buck her hips (as much as was possible in her restraints) and bear down with her ass to push the invader out. But working quickly, the man picked up the ends of the rope secured around her waist and fed them down between her spread legs, tugging them firmly so that they lodged between the lips of her sopping pussy, and then looped the ropes around her waist cord at the front and doubled them back through her crotch. This time he ran them on the outside of her lips, trapping her labia tightly in the middle. She was glad that she still wore the thin panties that were now the only thing protecting her from the rope. The man twisted the two ropes into oppositely oriented loops, right where they passed on either side of her plugged asshole, and then let the loops tighten around whatever was burning her ass. Just to be sure, he also ripped a piece of duct tape free from a roll and wrapped it around the loops of rope and the portion of the toy that protruded from her anus. Now, when she tried to expel it, she was met with a resistance that made her attempts seem totally futile.

"Ginger," he said. "The British used it to make show horses hold their tails high in the air. The intensity will increase for about five minutes and then drop off eventually, though I've scored the root to let more of the juices seep out... so maybe it will last a bit longer. You'll find that clenching your ass makes it a whole lot worse. Normally, I would cane those luscious cheeks of yours to make you clench, but I've promised not to leave any marks. So we're going to motivate you another way."

The warmth in her ass was fairly mild but increasing and, just as he had told her, clenching her ass had the remarkable and immediate effect of ratcheting up the sensation to blow-torch levels until she relaxed it again. Not wanting to waste any time, the man took from the cabinet the final piece of his plan for the girl. "I thought we'd celebrate your initiation into bondage," he said cheerily. It was a red balloon, fully inflated, that rose toward the ceiling when he let go. It hovered about five feet off the ground, tethered by a thin tube that ran from its mouth and connected on the other end to an unusual-looking squeeze bulb, which he held in his hand. Once again, he picked up the lube from the coffee table. Except for the balloon, she couldn't see much of what was happening from her position on the ground, but her eyes opened wide when he came over to her and held the bulb right in front of her face, squeezing lubricant onto it generously. She had no idea what was going on, but it was clear that the bulb was going to get put somewhere, and she didn't know if she could take any more additions to her predicament. As she protested through the gag, he pulled hard at her panties, slipping them out from where they were trapped by the crotch ropes, and then inserted the bulb deep inside her wet, waiting pussy.

It was too much for her. The stimulation to her nipples, the increased blood flow to her genitals caused by the ginger, the gag, the stretch of her taut body, the ropes rubbing against her clit - and now the feeling of something finally penetrating her long-waiting pussy - made her drenched body shake with a tremendous orgasm. As she did so, her pussy clamped down on the squeeze bulb and, without her even noticing, the balloon got just a little bit bigger.

The man messed with his laptop, starting a bondage movie that filled the screen and running another program that didn't seem to do anything. "Now listen up," he said. "You seem to be enjoying yourself. So here's what happens next. That balloon floating in the air has a piece of paper taped to the top that's marked with a big C or E or S. The balloon is stretched pretty thin already, so it shouldn't take too much more air to make it pop. I think you know how to make that happen. Once it pops and falls, you should be able to see what's written on the paper. It'll tell you whether to hit caps lock, or enter, or space. They're on different sides of the keyboard, so you should be able to do it with that ball in your mouth. When you hit the correct key it will let me know that you're ready to be set free. You could try it by chance, if you want, but you'll only have a one-in-three shot. And if you get it wrong," he added wickedly, "well, you'll be here until you hit any key you want over there." And he pointed to a laptop sitting open on the ground at the far side of the room, which, she noticed, had its webcam light blinking. "Try not to drool all over my computer, it might stop working," he said, and he left the room.

She considered her situation with rising horror. The second laptop was probably fifteen feet away, and there was absolutely no chance that she'd be able to wriggle that far across the floor in the strictest hogtie she could imagine, with clamps still affixed to her nipples and both her holes, well, occupied. She knew what she had to do, and she squeezed her PC muscles as hard as she could. The instant she did so, fire burned in her tortured ass. Oh my god!  She had somehow forgotten that the muscles of her pelvic floor were all closely interconnected. Moaning now, she did it again. And again. She kept doing it, trying not to focus on her fiery asshole. After about twenty squeezes her pace slowed noticeably as her muscles started to tire. She kept squeezing, feeling the fatigue build, until finally she could do no more. She lay in defeat, suffering but also aware of another orgasm building inside her. She couldn't believe that the bound, gagged, tormented, and aroused girl staring back at her in the mirror was really her. After a short break, she started again.

The pattern of squeezes and breaks continued, but she managed fewer squeezes each time before becoming tired. Thankfully the pain in her ass had started to fade, although it still burned her. Midway through her seventh or eighth set of Kegels she came again, this time swearing loudly into the gag. A few squeezes more and she finally heard a POP and the balloon fell, landing on the small of her back. She rocked to the right and felt it slide off her back and onto the floor, and then groaned as her left breast fell back downward and crushed the pin that still cruelly gripped it. It came off, making her scream with the pain of returning blood. Straining her neck around she could just see out of her peripheral vision a large E on the piece of paper.

Using every muscle at her disposal she now somehow managed to shimmy her way forward, a tenth of an inch at a time, her throbbing tits rubbing on the floor with every motion, and the one clamp still tenaciously hanging onto her right nipple. It was impossible to move without clenching her ass constantly, but, overwhelmed by the tension on her straining body, she wasn't even aware of the burn anymore. Eventually she reached the laptop and mashed down on the enter key with her ball gag, then collapsed with her head on the keyboard, relieved at being able to rest her neck after straining to keep it arched upwards.

Less than a minute later, the man appeared beside her. He disconnected the rope between her arms and legs, instantly releasing the tension on her shaking body, and then unfastened the remaining clothespin. She was almost too tired to care about the pain shooting through her nipple. Other ropes soon fell away, her pussy and ass were freed from their intruders, and eventually, with hands freed, she reached back and unbuckled the gag still wedged between her teeth. Laying her head on the soft rug, she smiled to herself and fell asleep.

*&nbsp; *&nbsp; *

When she woke up, she found herself covered in a thick blanket, and her clothes were folded neatly on the couch. She noticed that her panties, so recently pressed by ropes into her soaking pussy, had been washed. She put on her clothes and left the room, only to find the man walking down the hallway toward her. "Feel OK?" he asked. "Yeah," she said in barely more than a whisper. "Wanna talk about it?" he asked. She thought for a moment, then felt like too much had happened and she needed to time to process it all. "Thank you so much for everything," she said to him, "but I think I'll just head home." He nodded as he took a few paces forward and opened the door.









Chapter 4


Lauren tried to think about other things, to concentrate on everything she had to do, but her thoughts kept flashing back to the bound, stretched, gagged, and tormented form that had appeared to her in the mirror. She thought that it really wasn't normal, how good it had felt and how much she yearned to experience it again. Normal people didn't orgasm twice with a finger of ginger roped into their asses. But she also knew, now that she had experienced that level of intensity, that normal sex, while it might often be wonderful, wouldn't be enough to satisfy her completely.

When Scott returned late the next day, he took a shower and then wanted to make love to her almost at once. She told him that she wanted him to try a bit more bondage this time, so he tied her in a ball, hands behind her back and knees drawn up to her chest, and then fucked her exposed pussy as it peaked out from between her legs. It felt great, but when she said You can do MORE you know, he looked uncomfortable and didn't seem to know what to say.

She wanted to tell him about all the gear that existed out there, all the ideas he could experiment with, but she just couldn't say the names of those things to him. She wanted him to figure them out on his own and do them without her having to ask. By Thursday, all she could think about was her time in captivity at the man's house, and her obsession filled her with guilt. Shouldn't she be thinking about her boyfriend? An idea came to her, however, which suddenly seemed like it could solve everything. That night she logged back into her old email account for the first time since the weekend. It pleased her to see that he hadn't written again, since it seemed to imply that he wanted to give her the space to take things at her own pace. Thinking for a moment, she wrote:

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Hi again. Last weekend was amazing. It was just what I had been looking for, even though some of the things that happened I would never have imagined. Thank you so much again.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I tried to get my boyfriend to take it up a level with the bondage, but he didn't seem to know what to do. I really think he'd enjoy it if he tried, he definitely likes tying me up. Maybe he just doesn't know about all the stuff you can do... all the stuff you did. I would tell him but it's so embarrassing. I had this thought though, if you wanted, I mean, if it would be fun for you. You could post another ad online, and then I could suggest to my boyfriend that we look for someone who wants to teach couples about bondage. And when we look through the ads I can point out yours. You could make the title "Bondage master seeks curious couples for instruction" or something like that. He can come and learn, and if he likes what he sees, maybe it will break all the ice between us. But I don't know if you'd be okay with having a guy around. Well, anyway, it's just an idea.

The next day, sifting through personals ads, she got her answer. It wasn't hard to convince Scott to look with her. In fact, it had been almost too easy. She thought he might have been waiting for just such an opportunity as this one. They opened a few posts, but when he saw the man's, which described some of the gear he owned and some of his favorite bondage techniques, Scott became clearly excited and agreed to go ahead with it, if it was okay with her. "I'll write back to him," she said, "and tell him that we're interested. Just feel him out on what to expect, and see if he'll send a picture. I have to say, he sounds really legit, though, like he'll do everything safely. Anyway, I'll tell him no sex, of course, and nothing dangerous."

She emailed the man back and set up all the logistics. She also suggested that he wear some kind of mask, since she thought Scott might not be into the idea of a specific guy seeing his girlfriend naked. Everything was arranged for that Sunday afternoon.

At the appointed time, the two of them stood outside his door and Scott said for the tenth time, "You know we can still back out, I could buy a book about bondage instead." Lauren ignored him and rung the bell. This time, the man wore a balaclava as he opened the door. "So, your boyfriend didn't talk you out of it on the way over," he said with knowing bemusement. "Come in, please." The two of them entered the house, Lauren trying not to give away that she recognized anything. "So, you two remember the rules? For the lady, I promise the most intense bondage experience of your life today, and more orgasms than you can count. We have agreed by email that your boyfriend here will watch what happens and learn how real bondage is done, but he won't have any say in what happens." Looking at Scott, he continued, "Do me a favor and grab a leather arm-binder from that room on the left." He pointed to a closed door down the corridor. "Do you know what that is?" Scott, who had seen them used in porn many times but who was embarrassed to admit it, nodded without explanation.

Scott went into the indicated room and stared at a large rectangular table - perhaps eight feet by six - standing in front of him. It was covered in BDSM gear of all kinds, more than he could imagine. The walls were also covered with restraints and devices that were hanging from hooks and lying on shelves. His eyes feasted on the sight, thinking what he would give to possess such a collection - and the right girl to use it on. He took in the sight of leather wrist and ankle restraints, rope, chains, dildos, ass toys of all sizes with bumps and ridges and inflatable enema nozzles, ball gags and ring gags, candles, paddles and crops, nipple toys, and "chastity" harnesses with punitive plugs that slotted into the crotch strap, to be trapped inside a girl's private orifices when the strap was pulled tightly between her legs and locked in place. There were other strappy harnesses made from rubber and leather and metal whose uses he couldn't even imagine. He saw a T-shaped device that he knew was designed to grip a girl's tender nipples using clamps that were attached to the arms of the "T". By turning a screw, you could extend the length of the vertical line of the "T" (the base of which would be pressed against the center of the girl's chest), stretching her tits away from her body. He also saw clover clamps, which had assumed almost mythic connotations in his mind because of how everyone online talked about their devilish ability to squeeze tighter the more they were pulled. His eyes lingered on a bow-shaped piece of wood with a hole in the middle and a metal clasp on one end, wondering what it was for. Daydreaming about the bondage scenes that could be had with all this equipment, he lost track of time and forgot that he was supposed to be looking for an arm-binder.

"Ever had some of those on?" the man ask. He was pointing to a pair of classic handcuffs lying near the corner of the table. "No," Scott replied.
"Really? You must be curious, though, if you're so into bondage."
"Um... Yeah, I have fantasies about being tied up, I guess. But I've only ever been the dominant one with Lauren. She's so into being submissive, I'd be really embarrassed if she found out that I have the same desires she does. I kind of think she'd stop taking me seriously and would start wanting to be with someone whose fantasies are all dominant."
"Maybe, but you never know. Maybe she'd like tying you up."
"That's the thing. When I fantasize about being tied, I don't want a girl to do it. That would be too weird. Guys are supposed to be the strong ones, you know?"
"Hmm." The man was thinking to himself. This didn't change what he was planning, but new ideas started forming in the back of his mind. He picked up the handcuffs and, without saying anything, firmly grasped Scott's left wrist and ratcheted one of the cuffs onto it.

Scott didn't complain. He even looked excited. The man took Scott's other hand and fastened the remaining cuff to it. "How do they feel?" he asked. "Good, but they're pretty loose," Scott responded. The man smiled to himself. All of a sudden, he grabbed the chain connecting the two cuffs and pulled it forward. While Scott was recovering his footing, the man grabbed a chain that was hanging from the ceiling nearby and looped it around the handcuff chain that he was still holding, doubling it back on itself and locking it in place with a padlock that had been hanging open through the final link.

"Hey, what are you doing?" Scott exclaimed, more out of surprise than anger, as he looked up and saw that the chain wasn't connected to the ceiling at all. Instead, it looped over a pulley, changed course ninety degrees so that it ran across the ceiling, and then came down over another pulley before falling alongside the wall to his right.&nbsp; 

But the man didn't answer. In a couple of long strides he had reached the wall, where he pulled hard on the chain, causing Scott's hands to be drawn into the air. The man wasn't much bigger than Scott, but the surprise and the leverage he had from his position gave him the easy advantage, and he hauled at the chain until Scott's feet barely touched the ground, before attaching it with a carabiner to a D-ring in the wall.

Scott was so overcome by the shock of the situation and by his not knowing what to think or what was about to happen that he remained silent. "Don't worry." The man smiled at him. "Let me explain. We don't want your girlfriend thinking that you might step in to intervene, do we? She wants her predicament to feel totally real for her, that's what makes a scene like this exciting. So," he pointed to another table off to the side of the room, where a computer was whirring quietly next to a 30" LCD monitor. "I'm going to take a picture of you, and your girlfriend will see you chained up in the middle of the room, unable to come to her aid. You can watch everything happening to her on the screen. In fact, I'll move the table so you can have a close-up view of your girlfriend in bondage." The man pushed the table so that the huge monitor was right in front of Scott. He then took a wireless mouse and put it on the floor. "If you think things are going too far, just step on the mouse button with your foot and it will alert me to let her go immediately. It's all up to you... but she won't know that the choice is yours."

"Okay, I, I guess that makes sense," said Scott. He was so far out of his element that he didn't know what made sense anymore. "But you can just take a picture of me like this and show it to her, and then let me down, right?"

"I think we'll leave you hanging there for a while," said the man with a knowing smirk. "Trust me, you'll prefer it." He brushed his hand against the front of Scott's jeans, and the two men looked at each other, both of them clearly thinking the same thing: that being strung up and stretched out had made Scott's cock become rock hard in the crotch of his jeans, where it bulged and strained to be let out. The man walked over to the gear table and picked something up, but his body blocked Scott's view of what it was. He came around behind Scott, who suddenly felt something pushing at his mouth. Scott knew that the man was gagging him. He could have resisted, but the feeling of a rubber ball pressing against his lips made his cock spring to attention even harder, and he willingly opened his mouth. The man pressed the ball gag in and then pulled the leather straps around Scott's head, yanking them so that the ball lodged deeply in his mouth before buckling the straps behind his head. Scott tried to push the gag out with his tongue, and quickly realized that it would be impossible.

Scott then saw the man collect some rope from the table and come back over. He wrapped the rope about eight times around Scott's wrists, before cinching it with several coils and knotting it to the ceiling chain. "This will be more comfortable for you," he said as he unlocked the now-unnecessary handcuffs. He slid them through the rope coils and put them back on the table. His feet now rested comfortably on the ground, though his arms were still held high in the air. "We're not punishing you after all. At least, not yet." The man fiddled with his computer and took a picture with the webcam. "Don't worry, I bet your girlfriend will enjoy seeing you tied up like this, just like she's probably looking forward to your watching her. She's just embarrassed to admit it. Anyway, have fun," he said on his way out the room, as drool started to form at the corners of his captive's mouth.









Chapter 5


A few minutes later the screen in front of Scott suddenly flashed on, and he saw a high resolution stream of his girlfriend standing in the middle of a small room. She was totally naked, her clothes forming a small pile on the floor. Her arms were pulled high above her head and attached with rope to a hook in the ceiling. Her ankles were enclosed by buckling leather cuffs that were tied to metal rings spaced about three feet apart on the floor. Thicker leather cuffs were strapped to her thighs just above each knee, and between these was a two-foot horizontal bar that kept her from closing her legs. Scott looked closely and saw that the outer segments of the bar seemed to fit inside the tube at the center. He figured out what was going on when he saw her squeeze her legs experimentally and the bar collapsed to about eighteen inches before stopping. When she stretched her legs outward, it seemed to expand to about two-and-a-half feet, the very limit that her thighs could spread. Finally, it was impossible not to see that, through a hole in the center of the spreader-bar, a pole rose straight up from a box that was screwed to the floor between her legs. The pole terminated about six inches below Lauren's crotch, and its final eight inches had the unmistakable shape of a dildo.

If that had been all, Scott would still have been overwhelmed by the sight in front of him. His girlfriend was totally restrained with devious devices, in a scenario just like he had always wanted to prepare for her. He couldn't believe that she hadn't protested when the man had started placing her in those restraints, that she hadn't called it off and made them leave immediately. But there she was, and that wasn't all.

For, as Scott eagerly saw, the position of Lauren's body wasn't even the worst part of her punishment. Alligator clamps were fastened to each of her nipples, with the small metal teeth digging viciously into her tender flesh. Each clamp was connected to a chain of knotted rubber bands, which were tied to a string that hung from the same ceiling hook as her hands. The tension was such that only by staying on her toes could she avoid being painfully stretched. And her humiliation was compounded by a harness gag strapped into her mouth. Three sets of leather bands emerged from the front: one ran underneath her chin, another around the sides of her head, and a third came together between her eyes before passing over the top of her head, forming an upside-down Y. Scott guessed, correctly, that behind the panel obscuring her mouth was a thick, penis shaped-plug. Scott also saw a wide leather belt pulled tightly around her waist and closed with a small padlock. Thin chains ran from the sides of the belt to the box on the floor underneath.

Lauren, of course, knew from immediate experience several things that Scott could not see from his view of her front. She knew that the tremble in her legs was caused by a spring inside the hollow center tube of the spreader-bar, which she had to fight against whenever the bar was pushed or pulled beyond its natural length. She knew that attached to the back of the belt around her waist was a thick piece of rigid, curved rubber, which came down between her ass cheeks and held in place a metal plug lodged in her rectum. And she knew that before turning the camera on, the man had used his finger to generously lube the inside of her exposed pussy. Ever since then, something had felt a bit strange inside her, but she had other things to worry about.

A laptop lay on a table in front of her, its webcam light blinking to show that it was on. God, what would Scott think of me now? The only programs running were a text editor that said "Deep Cover" in very large letters and an IM program. Just then, a picture of Scott flashed onto the screen - strung up from the ceiling, with a gag in his mouth. She couldn't believe it. This scenario was already almost as intense as the final moments of her previous one, and she knew that there would be far worse to come. Her only means of escape had gotten himself bound and gagged too! Well, I hope he enjoys the show, she thought to herself behind her gag.

Lauren tried to stay on her tiptoes to avoid punishing her nipples, but, after several minutes, the pain in her calves became too much and 
she gave in. She gingerly lowered her aching legs, wincing at the increasing tension on her nipples, and horrified by the way that her tits and their sensitive buds were stretched up and outward by the clamps. She didn't really know what to make of the pole beneath her yet, but she could tell that choosing between her calves and her nipples would be challenge enough.

Then text started appearing in the IM client. "You can just stand there if you want. ... But I wouldn't if I were you. ... Or you're going to suffer your next punishment for a very long time." At the same moment, two clocks with red digital numbers appeared on the screen in front of her. One of them read 30:00, and the other read 00:00. A second later, the first one ticked to 29:59 and started counting down from there.

She didn't want to imagine what the man hand in store for her next, but she knew that she should do everything possible to avoid it. Not really knowing what to do, she raised herself up and down on her calves, feeling the stretch in her nipples, and she squeezed her thighs against the springy pole holding them apart. After a few minutes, it hit her - and she didn't know why it hadn't before - that she was almost certainly supposed to make use of the dildo planted beneath her. Testing her balance and spreading her thighs slightly past the neutral position of the spring, she lowered herself until she felt the dildo on the end of the pole press against the lips of her pussy. She noticed with relief that it had been covered with yet more lubricant. Lowering herself further, she let out a long groan into her tight harness-gag, as her nipples went from a dull ache to a sharp pain. For another couple of minutes she slowly rode the dildo, feeling it stretch her out.

Not really knowing if she was doing what he wanted her to, she started to enjoy the combination of pain and pleasure as she rhythmically fucked herself. Her pussy walls expanded in arousal and the dildo slid farther inside her, until suddenly she gave a shudder of surprise and fear. The end of the dildo had pushed against something. She didn't know what was going on, but there was definitely some kind of strange feeling in the depths of her cunt. Horrified, she instinctively stood up, but not before the time on the second digital clock had changed to 00:01.

And then it hit her. "Deep Cover"! He must want her to keep the dildo covered deep within her pussy! The slight irritation she felt in her cunt hadn't just been from his exploring fingers. He must have inserted some kind of metal contact all the way up against her cervix. She strained against her bonds and pulled her whole body backwards, so that she was hanging from her wrist ropes. In doing so, she got a better look at the dildo beneath her, and noticed with horror that although most of it was made of what looked like silicone, there was a slight indentation at the tip which gave off a sinister metallic glint.

Clearly, she reasoned, there must be a very small electrode inside her pussy, sticking downward. Only when the dildo was all the way inside her did the electrode fit into the pocket at the tip of the dildo, touching the metal and completing the circuit. But she was still confused. Somehow there had to be some kind of circuit, but there was only one connection, one wire. Then she had a another thought. The plug in her asshole! She had assumed that the band reaching from the back of her waist girdle down between her round buttocks was made of hard rubber and was simply meant to hold the humiliating plug deep inside her stretched anus. She had also assumed that the chains running from the girdle to the box on the ground were meant as some kind of failsafe, in case she somehow managed to get out of her wrist and ankle restraints (fat chance of that happening). The chains were attached to the box with a heavy padlock, and there was no way that she could get that off. But all of this had a more sinister purpose. The rubber piece between her ass cheeks must be stretched over a metal core, and the leather belt must have wires in it as well, running from the rear to the chains attached at the sides. It was a complete circuit, meaning that whenever the dildo was buried deep in her pussy, a very low current - lower than she could feel - must be running through the thin membrane separating her cunt from her ass. As a result, the computer knew when she was fully impaled. The thought frightened her, but the extent of her total subjugation also turned her on.

And yet, somehow, she knew that she must bear it. Whatever pain it caused to her suffering nipples and her aching quads, and whatever fear she had of the electricity running through her most private and sensitive region, she knew that they were probably nothing compared to the punishment in store for her if she refused to play along. Fearfully, she lowered herself again, allowing the dildo to spread her cunt lips and plow into her fully, until once again she felt it connect with something else inside her and saw the clock shift another time. 00:02. 00:03. 00:04. The pain in her nipples was immense, and the flesh of her breasts was distorted out of shape by the pull of the rubber bands, but she willed herself to go on with the torment.

At 00:06, she felt something. A momentary tingling in her pussy. She was concentrating so hard on resisting the pain in her tits that she didn't even think about it. At 00:11 she felt it more strongly. Much more strongly. The tingling had turned into a definite shock, a jolt that she felt in her pussy and ass at the same time. The current had increased! She wanted to pull herself off the tormenting pole and break the connection, but she held still, thinking of the tortures in store for her later. At 00:16, the current increased again, sending a shock through her pubic region that made the muscles in her cunt involuntarily squeeze tightly against the dildo.

It was too much for her. She raised herself off the pole. Even before the dildo had come clear of her pussy lips, the electric feeling was gone. She looked at the clock. Stopped, at 00:17. The other clock, meanwhile, was already down to 23:14. Nearly seven minutes gone, and she had only racked up seventeen seconds of "reward" time (as she was desperately, and bitterly, thinking of it to herself).

She had to make that clock advance as much as she could in the next twenty-three minutes. But the longer the circuit between her cunt and ass stayed active, the more painful the jolts of current became. She could put up with it at ten seconds, but the intensity at fifteen was more than she could take. Her heart leapt when she thought of what it might be like to experience the next likely jump in pain, at twenty seconds.

It was clear what she had to do. Despite the pain wracking her chest, the muscle fatigue in her quads, and the electricity violating her cunt and ass, she would try to keep track of the time. Every fourteen seconds, she would slightly ease up on the dildo, breaking the contact, and then press back down again to start from zero. That way she could spend almost all of the remaining time on the clock with the circuit intact.

Breathing in deeply and biting down on the rubber cock filling her mouth, she lowered herself again. A slight feeling at 00:22. More at 00:27. At 00:31 she let up on the dildo, rising about an inch, then pushed back down. For about half a second she felt nothing, then pain shot through her loins. In panic, she stood up.

What had happened?

She didn't know, but watching the clock tick down she lowered herself again onto the monstrous silicone invader. This time, when it was planted fully inside her, the circuit count seemed to start over from the beginning.

The true horror of her situation now dawned on her. Even though it was just one possibility and there might be other explanations for what had just occurred, she knew what was going on and what she had to do. She understood what the devious mind of her tormentor had intended for her. In order to reset the clock that kept track of the electrical intensity level, she not only had to break the circuit, she also needed to lift herself off the dildo entirely, and then push it back inside her to start again. There must be some kind of sensor that could tell when the dildo was stretching her cunt. She didn't have the energy to figure out how it worked, and it hardly mattered anyway. Whatever the mechanism, the result was the same: if she wanted to build up time on the clock while avoiding electric shocks, she had to be constantly fucking herself on the intruder, at the same time as she experienced all the other tortures of her situation. It was more than she could bear.

Lauren started to sob, as her predicament overwhelmed her. She couldn't believe what she had gotten herself into. The tears rolled down her cheeks until they were obstructed on their course by the leather straps pulled tightly between the corners of her mouth and the back of her head. She wailed into the gag that encircled her head and stretched her lips. Heaving, she struggled for breath, as the gag made it hard to get enough air. Drool trickled down to her chin from behind the panel that hid the merciless rubber cock, and then fell on her tortured tits. Not that it made much difference, since the ordeal had caused her whole naked body to glisten with a thin layer of sweat.

After three minutes of despair, the clock hit 20:00. This shocked the girl into renewed awareness of the predicament facing her, and she regained enough control over herself to start thinking about what she would do. The longer she kept the dildo within her on each cycle, the higher the electricity level rose. She could avoid being shocked at all if she were to impale herself anew every five seconds, but that much up and down would rub her pussy raw, and she didn't think her legs and tits could take that kind of punishment. Somehow she thought that it was better to have a more constant sensation on her nipples rather than to keep stretching and unstretching them rapidly. She decided on every fifteen seconds - or slightly less, to make sure she didn't experience that awful shock to her inner membrane. That was only four times per minute, which, all things considered, didn't seem so bad. The humiliation of having to rape herself on the pole was almost the worst part of needing to move up and down.

She waited a few seconds until the main clock said 19:30, so that it would be easier to keep track of the fifteen second intervals, and she promised herself that she would stick to the cycles no matter what. Taking as deep a breath as was possible through her nose, she plunged her pussy down onto the pole.

It hurt. She knew it would. Even though the bite of the alligator clamps had subsided into a dull ache, the stretch of the rubber bands sent a sharp pain into her nipples. Her legs, which were forced apart by the spring-loaded bar between her thighs, burned with the struggle to maintain the wide squatting position that was necessary for her pussy to reach the dildo. She tried to hold herself up by grasping the rope going from the ceiling to her bound wrists, but this stretched her arms and quickly tired the tendons in her hands.

Still, with immense concentration, she managed to keep to the schedule she had settled on. Focusing all her attention on the clock actually helped her to block out at least a little of the mounting pain. Up and down, up and down she went on the pole, feverishly staring at the clock in order not to make a mistake. She was so caught up in her immediate need to concentrate that she didn't even think about what the nearly ten minutes of wasted time would mean for her later.

At 15:00 on the clock, her heart froze as a new window popped up on the screen in front of her. With disgust she saw that it was a close-up of a girl's pussy stretched wide by a dildo. She was so startled and transfixed by the image that a few seconds later, when the circuit count hit fifteen seconds, she hadn't remembered to push herself off the dildo, and she screamed as the pain seared her pussy. As she shifted off the pole and back onto it again, it became obvious in a flash that the image on the screen was her.

Lauren had used a mirror the first few times she had shaved her pubic hair as a teenager, and she had certainly explored her nether regions fairly often out of youthful sexual curiosity; but the intensity of her situation, and the fact that her labia were puffy from gripping the pole, had prevented her from connecting the dots and recognizing that it was her own cunt - until, that is, she moved up and down in synchronicity with the image on the LCD.

Now she understood how the electrical system knew when she was being impaled. The camera eye must be placed in the box, behind the pole that jutted up, and it must be facing the area between her widely stretched thighs at about thirty degrees from the vertical. From this position, it also showed her asshole, stretched around the metal plug. Since the plug was connected to her waist belt, there was no need for a flared base to prevent it from getting stuck inside her (not that her tormentor would care, she thought). Instead, only the top edge of the rim of her asshole was occluded, leaving roughly three-quarters of her widely-stretched ass sickeningly viewable on the screen. Her rear hole gleamed with the sweat that had dripped down her back and slid along her asscrack, until it had ended up in the moist, tortured spot between her legs. Despite everything else about her situation, having to actually watch her own violated anus twitch with pain somehow raised her humiliation to an entirely new level.

An even worse thought then came to her: what if the feed from this "upskirt" camera was being shown to Scott as well? It shouldn't have mattered, since she knew he could already see everything that was happening to her, and she could barely breathe with the shame of that thought. But to have him actually staring right at her stretched asshole, clenching and unclenching in involuntary spasms - not to mention at her abused pussy, which seemed almost genteel in comparison - god, she would never be able to look at him again. And she had wanted this?

She thought about closing her eyes or turning away from the terrible sight of her pussy and ass being split apart by the twin invaders, but she had to keep her eyes fixed on the screen in order to follow the clock, had to watch up close as her pussy lips were repeatedly wedged apart by the head of the silicone cock. But at the same time, as if to compensate for the humiliation, the dildo between her legs started to hum with gentle vibrations. When she lowered herself again and the dildo touched her labia, she unconsciously tilted her hips back to let it come in contact with her clit. It was what she had been waiting for this whole time; the orgasm exploded through her body.

Scott, meanwhile, was captivated by the sight in front of him. He knew that the torment of the predicament transpiring in the next room must be immense, but he also thought to himself, "Well, this is what she wanted, right?" This particular scene was only half an hour, after all, and as painful as it looked, she didn't seem to be in any real physical danger. Part of him couldn't believe that he would let the girl he loved go through such an ordeal. He wanted to think that his reluctance to call it off was just for the sake of her sexual experimentation, or because he thought that she might be enjoying it; but he knew that a big part of the explanation must lie in the record hard-on he was experiencing. If being tied up had made him aroused, then being bound while watching his girlfriend stretched out, harness-gagged, tit-clamped, with a stuffed asshole and being forced to fuck herself on a dildo - it was unreal. He periodically lifted his knees up to his chest, so that his whole weight hung painfully by the wrist ropes, just to rub his feet and ankles against his crotch and thereby try to get some sexual release. And when the magnified view of her ravaged cunt and anus had popped up on the side of the screen? He would have done anything to cum. He thought that if anyone were to touch his cock directly, he would immediately explode.

He watched as the remaining fifteen minutes of Lauren's predicament played out on the screen in front of him. At one point with about six minutes to go, she stood up and straightened her knees - her legs were still splayed apart by the spreader-bar between her thighs, but at least she could mostly relax her muscles by getting out of the half-way squat position. Her quads and hamstrings were shaking with fatigue, but he could see, despite the harness gag blocking much of her lower face, a look of almost sublime respite come to her eyes. He supposed that allowing her nipples to have a few seconds without being stretched and distorted added to her look of relief. She stood like this for about a minute - a gorgeous inverted-Y of smooth, gleaming sexual energy - and then, with a look of resolution, decided to return to her arduous self-imposed punishment for the remaining few minutes.

However, just as she was lowering herself once again to be impaled, her screen flashed with a new image. It was another picture of her boyfriend, but it was different from before. While she had been briefly resting, the man had entered the equipment room and come to stand beside Scott. Here, he had reached down and rubbed his hand over Scott's aching cock. As he unzipped the fly of his captive's bulging jeans, Scott moaned into the gag. He wasn't sure if he was making noise in protest, or in desire, or some combination of both. Now putting his hand inside Scott's pants, the man took hold of his cock and balls and pulled them through the flap in his boxer briefs and out of his fly. Scott could feel the denim of his jeans pushing up against his perineum, and looked down at his throbbing cock. "Let's show her your appreciation," said the man as he took another shot with the webcam. Scott yelled a muffled "ngro", but it was too late.

The picture appeared in front of her a moment later. She was stunned. She had been afraid that Scott would be horrified by everything that was happening. Instead, if his penis was any indication, he had never been more turned on than he was right now, watching her struggle through her predicament. Seeing this brought an overwhelming sense of relief to her, and it was with a new confidence and sense of performance that she settled into the rest of her ordeal.

When her time was up, the man entered the room where Lauren hung limply from her ropes, smiled at her, and untied her tired arms. The first clock on the laptop showed 00:00. The second clock showed 19:12. "You've done very well," was all he said, looking at her with admiration and not a little lust, before he put some thick blankets on the floor, turned, and walked away.









Chapter 6


"Well, well." The man had silently walked in behind Scott. He switched off the monitor, which had been showing Lauren's sweat-soaked, heaving body as she worked to disentangle herself from her predicament. She had first removed the alligator clamps from her nipples, screaming wildly into the gag as blood surged back in. She was glad that she still had the rubber penis to bite down on, doing her best to mitigate the pain by rubbing her nipples with her newly-freed hands. She had then undone the straps connecting her ankles to the floor and the ones holding the spreader bar between her thighs, moaning in relief as she was able to sit down at last and bring her legs together. She continued by unstrapping the gag, and was soon left only with the locked girdle around her waist, which kept her chained to the middle of the room. She pulled at the rubber connector joining the belt to her anal plug, but it wouldn't budge. Giving up, she curled her body into a ball on the floor, wrapped herself in blankets, and once again drifted into a state of dazed, half-conscious arousal.

"So you let her suffer the whole time." He smiled. "You must either think that she was loving it despite everything, or you must have enjoyed watching her suffer." He looked down at Scott's cock, which twitched upward in frequent spasms. "You may have been wondering why your girl was going to all that trouble on the dildo. Suffice it to say, she thought that she was saving herself from future punishment. Frankly, I think she's had enough for today, she managed to spend twenty minutes total with that dildo buried all the way in her pussy. And if I saw correctly, it brought her to several very powerful orgasms." She had enjoyed it! thought Scott to himself. "You, on the other hand," he continued, "seem not to have experienced such ... release. In any event, it would be a shame to waste her efforts. I suppose I could let her rest for a while and then set her up for a new predicament. But ... only if you want to, of course ... you could take her punishment for her."

Scott barely needed a moment to answer. Here was his chance to experience real bondage, at the hands of someone who clearly knew what he was doing. He thought about all the toys sitting on the table next to him. And if he ever had to say anything to Lauren, he could claim that he was being chivalrous by taking her punishment. He looked at the man and nodded.

"Thought so," he said. He left Scott hanging by his wrists and started by pulling off his shoes, socks, jeans, and underwear, until Scott was standing in a tee shirt. He then picked up from the table a small interconnected set of leather straps studded with metal snaps and knelt next to Scott. Careful to touch the cock in front of him as little as possible, he pulled one strap tight around Scott's cock and balls at their base and snapped it together. Another strap went around the base of his shaft, a third went perpendicularly between these two, separating his balls into two tight pouches. A fourth, which had two thin, adjustable metal rods coming from it, fit snugly just underneath the glans of Scott's penis, with the rods running on either side of his shaft and connecting to the rest of the device. The man extended the rods so that not only was the skin just under the head of Scott's cock squeezed by the strap, but the head itself was also gently stretched away from his body. This tugging sensation made his glans swell slightly, expanding its mushroom shape and causing his whole cock to become even more rigid.

Next, the man went over to the wall where the chain lifting Scott's hands was anchored. He lowered it so that it had quite a bit of slack and told Scott to step through his bound arms, one leg at a time. Once Scott was standing with his arms behind his back, the man picked out two rigid spreader bars - one was four feet in length, the other was two - and strapped their cuffs to his legs. The longer one separated his ankles so that he had to stand with his legs wide apart, and the shorter one kept his thighs apart so he couldn't close his legs. Returning to the wall, the man pulled at the overhead chain, and Scott's arms were once again hoisted into the air. As they rose above his back, he was forced to bend over at the waist to avoid straining his shoulders, until eventually his upper body was roughly parallel with the ground.

At this point the man left the room, returning a minute later with a pants hanger in one hand and a cup of ice in the other. "Sometimes the simplest things work best," he said. Hiking up Scott's tee shirt, he took an ice cube from the cup and held it to Scott's left nipple. The cold briefly stung and then faded into numbness as the nipple grew hard. He took out a second cube and now held one to each nipple for another thirty seconds or so. Once Scott's nipples were fully erect, the man took the pants hanger - which had two thick, black, ridged clamps on it - and attached one to each nipple. Their surface area was much larger than that of clamps made especially for BDSM, and Scott could see that his nipples were flattened in their tight grip. The hanger now hung upside down, suspended from his nipples with its hook forming a U shape in the air.

Scott fully expected him to add weights to the hook, but the man seemed to be in no hurry to do so. Instead, he removed the ball gag that had been in Scott's mouth for well over half an hour. "I think you could use a drink," he said, bringing a glass of water to his lips. Scott sipped gratefully, swallowing carefully because of his awkward position. "Now, let's use this chance to clear something up. Before I gag you again, any limits I should know about?" Scott thought for a moment, then replied, "Just no lasting marks or damage, and nothing dangerously unsanitary." The man looked at him, as if to say that's it? this is your only chance, and then picked up a harness gag from the table. Much like his girlfriend earlier, Scott was about to have multiple straps secured tightly around his head. But unlike her gag, which had a mouthpiece shaped like the final inch-and-a-half of a large penis, his had a leather-wrapped metal ring with an internal diameter of 1.75 inches. The man forced the ring behind his teeth and buckled the straps, giving him no chance to push it out. It stretched his jaws much wider than the ball gag had done. He then took three lengths of rope and tied them to D-rings on the straps that surrounded Scott's head. The man went back to the table for a leather belt, which he buckled securely around Scott's waist, and then tied the three ropes attached to the gag to rings on the belt. The top of Scott's head was connected to the back of the belt, and each side strap of the gag was connected to the opposite side of his waist, so that the ropes crossed above his back. His captive was now totally unable to lower his head or to shake it in either direction. Finally, not wanting Scott to lose his balance and hurt his strappadoed arms, the man tied one more rope to the back ring on the belt and secured it to an overhead hook, carefully removing all the slack. Now, if Scott slipped off his spread legs, his weight would be borne mostly by the belt around his waist.

With his setup complete, the man pulled up a stopwatch program on his computer and set it to 19:12. "It seems appropriate for you to stay bound for the length of time your girlfriend managed to save up. Between you and me, I think you're going to enjoy this particular experience, so you can think of it as using her reward. Of course, if you don't like it, well, you'll suffer for exactly the amount of time that she did. So somehow the karma works either way." He started the clock.

"You don't have many limits, do you?" said the man, slowly. "Nothing dangerously unsanitary," he continued, repeating Scott's words aloud. "Your girlfriend said no bodily functions at all. Of course, I never pushed her on what that meant. I wonder if an enema would have been okay?" He seemed to be musing to himself. "But according to your limits, you don't seem to mind if I piss on your body. Or how about right into that open mouth of yours? I could even give you a piss enema. How would you like it if I filled that ass of yours with my warm offering? What would your girlfriend think to know that you're even more of a bondage slut than she is?"

Scott was shocked at his own reaction to these threats. He had never wanted anyone, girl or guy, to urinate on him before. And he was sure that if he had thought about it before, the idea would have disgusted him. But now, tied up and vulnerable as he was, the concept was more intriguing. It would totally humiliate and subjugate him, it would prove that he was completely at the mercy of the man who had bound him. And it wasn't really unsafe, he supposed.

"Another one of your girlfriend's limits was no sex. In deference to her relationship with you, perhaps. So I told her I'd keep my pants on," said the man, after a pause. "You, however, have made no such objection. And I don't even need to remove my pants." He unzipped his fly. Scott's eyes grew wide and he started making a lot of noise through the gag. Was he about to get anally raped? His first thought was I hope he uses a condom. Then he realized what he was thinking and became shocked at his own lust. Was this really what he wanted? Scott's mind was now focused completely on his ass, and he began wishing that the man would shove something inside him for his hole to clench around. 

The man drew his cock and balls out through his open fly. His penis wasn't erect, but it was large and was clearly engorged with blood, as if he'd just finishing having sex moments before. His shaft was entirely shaved, so that its full size stood out unobstructed by hairs. A prominent coronal ridge made his circumcised glans appear impressively wider than the shaft. The man slowly stroked his cock about a foot in front of Scott's face, cupping his balls in his other hand. It immediately started growing, as if it had been waiting for the attention all along, and pre-cum appeared at the tip. After a minute or so it was completely erect, and Scott guessed that it must be seven inches long, and a bit thicker than his own. Could a cock that big really fit in his virgin asshole?

But the man didn't walk around behind him and place the head of his cock against Scott's exposed anus. Instead, he spoke. "Have you ever had a man's cock in your mouth before?" "Ng Ng," Scott replied. He had thought about what it must be like for Lauren when she gave him head, and he had even fantasized about going down on a guy. But he'd definitely never acted on it. He was only emotionally attracted to girls, after all. "Well, now you're going to find out what it's like. I'm sure you like getting blow jobs, so it's only fair that you learn how it's done." The man took a step forward so that his cock was inches away from Scott's face. It looked even larger up close. "I can put a condom on if you want, but I'm totally clean. Tested last week. What about you?"

Scott had never had any STDs, and he mmmpphed an "uh huh, ree ooo" through the gag. With that, the man took a small bottle of lube from his pocket and coated his cock, then said, "I don't think you can see the clock from your position, but it's down to 15:31. I've had blow jobs that lasted for hours, so, trust me, you're getting off easy. Now come and get it." With that, Scott tried to lean forward to take the hard cock into his eager mouth. He was nervous, but incredibly turned on. At least the man wasn't roughly fucking his throat like he'd feared. As he leaned forward he felt a stretch in his backward-twisted shoulders, and he raised his arms even higher to relieve the strain. The problem was, the penis was angled about 45 degrees upward, and Scott couldn't lift his head up any higher to bring the cock through the ring holding his mouth open. The man stood with his hands behind his back and wasn't helping him at all. After a moment, he reached under Scott's chest and grabbed the hook hanging from his flattened nipples, giving it a sharp pull. Scott winced in pain, and then rose up off his feet and stood precariously balanced on his tiptoes in order to take in the penis.

With the tip through the ring gag, Scott could then lower himself down again. The man's penis now pointed straight out, right into Scott's mouth and toward his throat. He let the rope supporting his waist take up most of his weight, and it just became a matter of rocking back and forth on his spread legs, letting the cock move a few inches in and out of his mouth each time, while trying to be careful not to let it slip out entirely. He moved his tongue around, figuring it was the right thing to do, but he didn't really know what kind of technique to use. Several times he mistakenly rocked backward too far and once again found himself having to rise up on his toes in order to bring the now well-lubricated penis back inside his mouth.

After about five or six minutes of this, during which the man had been encouraging him in a low voice and making occasional soft grunts of approval, he took hold of Scott's head in his hands, grasping the rings attached to his harness gag. He now took over setting the pace of his forced blow job, pulling Scott onto his cock while thrusting himself forward at the same time. Once in a while he would grab hold of the pants hanger and pull at Scott's clamped nipples, enjoying the hum of his victim's groans as they reverberated on his shaft.

Another few minutes went by. Then the man suddenly stopped moving and stood there, his cock lodged about two inches inside Scott's mouth. "One thing left to teach you," he said. "I don't know how far we'll get today, but we'll give it a try." He pulled out entirely and re-lubed his cock, which if anything had become even harder while being sucked. "I'm going to gently push my cock down your throat. You're at the perfect angle for this, since with your head tilted back your mouth is lined up with your throat. You're going to feel a gagging reflex when I hit the back of your mouth. That's totally normal. The best thing to do is to start swallowing."

With that, the man pushed forward and kept going, letting the tip of his slick penis brush against the top of Scott's throat. He spluttered and started gagging, so the man backed off, held still for a moment as Scott caught his breath, then pushed again. This time Scott swallowed hard and didn't stop until the cock was about an inch into his throat. He kept swallowing, feeling the thick shaft press on his airway and trying to breathe through his nose. Scott could feel a more viscous saliva starting to coat his mouth and throat. When he thought Scott couldn't take any more, he pulled back and gave his submissive a break, repeating this pattern for several minutes.

With about thirty seconds left, the man slowly but forcefully pushed forward with his penis until only about one inch remained outside the ring gag. Scott's eyes bulged and his throat swelled to take in the intruder. He couldn't breathe. Still holding the head harness firmly in his left hand, the man took his mobile phone out of his pocket and flipped it open with his right, and Scott heard a click. He couldn't see anything with his nose and eyes right up against the man's jeans. He suddenly felt a warm liquid shoot against the back of his throat and he gagged hard, just as the man pulled out his throbbing shaft entirely.

Both of them were breathing hard. The man quickly unbuckled Scott's gag and withdrew the ring from his aching mouth, and then disconnected the ropes holding up his waist and his hands. The boy straightened his back but looked down at the floor in embarrassment as the man finished removing his bonds, including the clamps on his nipples and the straps around his cock and balls. "If you want the picture, have your girlfriend email me about it," he said. "It wouldn't surprise me if she liked what she saw." Scott took a sip of water from the cup that was offered to him again.

"Well, what do you think? Was it really so bad?" But the man needn't have asked. Scott's continuing hard-on told the answer.









Chapter 7


It had been more than a month since Scott and Lauren had each experienced inescapable bondage and sexual discovery. Scott told Lauren how aroused he had been to see her strictly bound and punished, and he admitted that he'd wanted to do things like that to her for a long time but hadn't had the nerve to tell her. His main concern was that, at the end of the day, she enjoyed the explosive mix of pain and pleasure and humiliation. Scott also admitted that he had enjoyed being tied up while he watched her ordeal. But he couldn't bring himself to talk about what happened when she was resting, or to have her send for the picture of his face impaled on the man's thick cock.

As a result of their conversations, they had visited a sex shop together and bought the rudiments of a BDSM collection: a harness ball gag, a small flogger, and two sex toys - a medium sized dildo, and a vibrating butt plug. Trying to be frugal, they augmented these essentials with clothespins and more rope. They looked at porn together and decided on pictures they both found arousing, and then tried to recreate the scene using the equipment at their disposal. Often their limited collection made it necessary to modify the original scene, but they enjoyed the creativity involved. The main problem was the lack of attachment points and specialized furniture in Lauren's room, but they screwed a hook into the ceiling (they'd have to fill it when the year ended) and otherwise made do with the bed and chairs.

Although Scott still did most of the tying, he occasionally let himself be overpowered and tormented when his girlfriend was feeling particularly dominant. He enjoyed the feeling of straining again the ropes, and he loved having clothespins on his nipples and the butt plug humming in his ass. He also loved being tied in such a way that Lauren could mount herself on top of his face and grind her pussy and clit against him. One of his most humiliating and erotic moments came when she tied him in a tight spreadeagle, then left him there ballgagged while she took a shower, only to return, remove the gag, and sit facing away from him with her pussy on his mouth and his nose inescapably pressed right up to her clean asshole.

Still, Lauren felt bad that her topping skills were pretty limited. Scott was clearly investing a lot of time and energy in learning how to set up complex positions and predicaments for her, and, although lots of abstract ideas were always arising, she had trouble converting them into reality. My sister has great spatial skills, she thought to herself enviously one afternoon. Fat lot of good it does her! But an idea was forming in her head for how to give Scott a better experience. His birthday was coming up the next week, and she thought that it would be a great surprise for him.

Sitting down at her computer, she once again opened the anonymous email account and wrote to the man who had introduced them both to real bondage:

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Hi! It's me again. So much has happened since my boyfriend and I came to your place last time. We both learned all kinds of things from you, and it helped us to be way more open with each other. But I still kind of suck at dominating him. So, I was thinking, do you play with guys too? If so, maybe you could do both of us at the same time. That way he could get tied up by someone who really knows what he's doing, but he would also see me getting tied up as well. It's his birthday next weekend and I think he would love it (I bet I'd have fun too). Anyway, let me know!

She read his reply the following morning:

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Sounds like fun. I think I can show you both a good time. Just make sure that he doesn't cum for three days before our date.

She organized a time, convinced Scott not to masturbate for a few days (she said she'd give him the best blow job of his life on his birthday), and then, when the day arrived, blindfolded him and drove him to the man's house. In his excited state, and without having had any release for several days, the blindfold was enough to make him start feeling aroused. When she took it off and he saw where they were, his cock responded immediately with a tingling sensation.

"We're here?" he said in surprise. "Trust me," she said, leading him to the door and ringing the bell. The man opened after a few beats, again wearing a mask over his face. He led the couple into the equipment room where he had strung up Scott and used his mouth on their previous visit. This was Lauren's first look at the vast collection that had been amassed to restrain, pleasure, and torment those people lucky enough to experience its potential. He turned to the nervous couple. "You have half an hour," he said. "The only rule is, neither of you is allowed to cum. Use anything you want... just don't break anything, or the punishment will be severe." He turned around and left.









Chapter 8


"What do you think we should do?" Scott asked his girlfriend. "Well, I know what comes first," she replied. Lauren picked up a plastic male chastity device from the table and knelt down in front of Dave. She pulled down his pants and boxers and was relieved to see that his cock wasn't hard yet. She fed his penis into the translucent plastic tube of the device, then clicked its hinged ring shut behind his balls and locked the two parts together. He could now be driven into an erotic frenzy by stimulation of his exposed ass and balls, but the head and most of the shaft of his penis were totally inaccessible. Scott had never worn something like this before, and he relished the snug feeling it caused.

"It's your birthday," she continued, "you get to decide. You can do anything you want to me with all these toys, or you can leave it to me and I'll tie you up."

Scott thought for a moment about all the ways he could toy with his girlfriend's perfect body, but the chastity device and the blindfold earlier had put him in a very submissively horny mood. His mind also kept flashing back to his last experience in this room, when he had been tightly bound and forced to take a load of the man's cum down his throat. "You take control," he quickly said.

Lauren stood over the table, conscious of the need not to waste time, but also overwhelmed with the options available to her. She ordered her boyfriend to remove all of his clothes while she figured out a plan. After a minute, she picked up a penis-gag - it might have been the same one that had silenced her on their last visit - and strapped it firmly around Scott's head, liking the idea of a thick plug lodged between his lips. Maybe it will make him think about what it's like for me to give him head, she mused to herself, not realizing that he was well aware of what it felt like to have a cock stretching his jaws. She took a wide leather collar from the table and buckled it around his neck, then strapped his hands into a pair of cuffs that were attached to the collar by short chains. Scott's hands were now out of the way, pinned behind his head.

She then took the bow-shaped wooden toy that Scott had observed on his last visit, letting it swing open as she stood behind her boyfriend and reached between his thighs. Scott saw that it was actually two pieces of identical wood connected by a hinge. It looked like it could be some kind of bludgeoning weapon. But before he could ask, Lauren had grabbed hold of his balls and pulled them backward between his legs, squeezing them tightly in her left hand as she pushed down on his upper back with her right. Scott felt weak in the knees and groaned through the rubber penis; ignoring the noise coming from his bent form, she pulled his balls through the central half-circular hole in one of the wooden planks, rotating the other plank into place behind his stretched sac. Scott now understood that the device was a small stock that trapped his balls away from his body. With the locking ring of the chastity device already tightening his sac, his balls were now under a lot of strain. But when he tried to straighten his back, he finally saw the device's true purpose. The bar of wood extending behind him pressed into the backs of his thighs, right below the crease of his buttocks. The higher he tried to stand, the more severely his balls were stretched away from his body.

"It's called the Humbler," Lauren said, enjoying the sight of how vulnerable his balls now looked. "At least, one company makes a version of it by that name. I saw it online. But, you know, I don't think you look humble enough yet. Get down on your knees, and stick your ass in the air." Scott struggled to comply without devastating his testicles in the process. It was hard with his hands locked behind his head. He squatted down and used the slack now available on his balls to tip forward into the commanded position. Without his hands to brace himself, though, he lay with his chest and forehead on the floor. His ass was high in the air. Lauren grabbed some rope and started wrapping it again and again around the Humbler, so that it became thicker and thicker with the surrounding rope. She managed to add several inches to the diameter of the bar on each side of his trapped balls. Scott could now feel the rough hemp rope pushed right up against the back of his thighs, even in his fully bent position. At this point, there was no way that he could lower his ass or really move much at all.

Lauren loved it. The site of her boyfriend forced to kneel in a humiliating position with his ass and balls on display made her juices flow. She decided to reward herself with some nipple stimulation and wanted to try something new. Taking two small vacuum cylinders from the table,&nbsp; she placed one on each nipple and felt a sharp tugging sensation. She knew that blood flow would increase to her sensitive buds. To increase her pleasure, she then took a fifteen-foot rope, looped it around her waist, and pulled it between her legs. She knew that placing a strategic knot above her clit might cause her to cum accidentally, so instead she determined the exact spot where the rope passed under her asshole and placed a knot there. In fact, she knotted the rope several times in the same place, so that a small, rough sphere started to form. Taking a bottle of lube from the table, she poured some on the knot, spread it around, and then forced the knot into her puckered anus, pulling the crotch rope tight before tying it off. It felt amazing.

"If I remember correctly," Lauren said playfully, "there's an old tradition of a birthday spanking. What do you think?" Scott's muffled answer was incomprehensible. She rubbed his butt cheeks for a few seconds, massaging them with her fingers, and then gave his left cheek a loud smack. He twitched and automatically tried to shift forward, but the tug on his balls reminded him that he couldn't get out of the way. Letting him consider his situation for a minute, she got up and returned to the gear table. She didn't think there was anything else that she really needed to say to her boyfriend for the next fifteen minutes or so. By now she was very aroused and wanted to satisfy her oral craving. A stuffed leather gag lying near the front edge of the table appealed to her, so she picked it up and strapped it tightly into her mouth.

A moment later, smack, as Scott's right cheek felt a sting. She started spanking him every few seconds, trying to vary the pattern so he couldn't guess where the next smack was coming. It turned her on to watch his creamy ass blush into a bright shade of pink. She wished that she had a chastity device on too, as it took considerable self-restraint not to rub her clit with one hand while spanking her boyfriend with the other.

With a few minutes left, Lauren picked up a small flogger and alternated between hard hits to her boyfriend's red ass and careful thwacks at his totally exposed balls. These latter blows drove him wild and he grunted heavily with each one. Enjoying herself, Lauren was almost disappointed when she was drawn out of her concentration by the sound of the opening door.









Chapter 9


Both of them were in a state of near-maximum arousal. The mushroom head of Scott's cock was swollen and red, and only the chastity device prevented him from having a massive erection. For her part, Lauren's pussy was soaking wet, her labia gleaming with juices and with the sweat that had formed as she energetically spanked her lover. The vacuum pumps had made her nipples large and hard. Normally, Lauren rarely felt the desire for anal sex; but right now, with the hemp rope pulled tightly into her cleft and the strategically placed knot stimulating her anus, she would have given anything to clench her ass around the bulbous tip of her boyfriend's throbbing cock.

Not wanting to waste their pent-up frustration and desire, the man quickly and expertly undid their restraints and removed all toys from their bodies, leaving in place only the gags that Lauren had selected for each of them. He scanned the equipment table for a moment, then nodded his head slightly and picked up two leather single-gloves. He wanted to get the pair back in bondage immediately. After motioning to Lauren, he brought her hands together in front of her and told her to interlace her fingers, pulling the glove he was holding over her hands and up her arms. It was a cone-shaped piece of rich-smelling leather, about eighteen inches long, with laces running from the midway point up to the opening. With her arms parallel to each other, the glove came up to just below her elbows. After pulling the laces tight, he took the end of a leather strap that was attached to the glove just below her hands, looped in around her wrists, and buckled it in place. As he fitted Scott into a matching glove, Lauren playfully struggled in hers, quickly realizing that the strap around her wrists made it totally impossible to withdraw her hands and free herself. Somehow, wearing the glove made her feel even more naked than she had felt before.

With their arms secure, he took hold of the gleaming steel D-rings sewn into the tips of his captives' gloves and, pulling them along with their arms outstretched, brought them both to the small room where Lauren had endured her previous scenario. It was dark inside. After ushering them in, he turned on the light. The couple simultaneously took in the setup of the room, which had changed since her last visit. Gone was the black box in the center that had housed the pole on which she had repeatedly impaled herself, and the electrical system that had tormented her. Instead, they saw two stools, about three and a half feet high, standing some four feet apart. They were aligned with the width of the room, which was narrow - eight or nine feet total. A thick, black, rubber cable or hose - perhaps three inches in diameter - passed over both stools, bridging them and sagging slightly in the middle. Its ends hung over the outside edge of each stool and almost touched the ground.

Neither of them knew what to think. Were they going to be tied up with the rubber tube? The man didn't have to say anything, he just gave them a look, and they both walked over to the stools and sat down facing the door, with their butts using the tube like a small cushion. Scott tried to sit gently on his well-worked ass. "Now, for the rest of this adventure, neither of you is allowed to touch the ground again," he said. "Don't you want to look at each other?" he asked with a mischievous smile. "You're in this together, after all." They turned ninety degrees so that they straddled the rubber tube and faced each other on their stools. With the gloves preventing any use of their hands, the captives found it difficult to swing their legs over the tube in the process. Opening a closet, the man withdrew a length of rope and came over to Scott. "Raise your arms," he ordered. The man tied one end of the rope to the D-ring at the end of Scott's single-glove, then fed the other end through an eyebolt in the ceiling above his stool, brought it through another ring above Lauren's head, and tied it to her gloved hands, which she had already raised in anticipation. He fiddled with the rope until he was satisfied with the tightness.

Before this, Lauren had been thinking to herself that she and Scott could still escape if necessary by using their teeth to undo the buckles that secured their hands inside the gloves. Now, with their arms raised high above their heads, and restrained at a distance of several feet from each other, there was no way that they could get free until the man decided to let them go. He went back to the closet and pulled from it what looked like a solid rubber saddle, with two hinged metal semi-cylinders beneath it and a large number of D-rings and other attachment points on the top and sides. He brought it over to Lauren. "I'm going to put this under you," was all he said. Lauren put her bare feet on the lower rungs of the stool and squeezed with her thighs, lifting her butt in the air. Scott, who could see that she was having trouble balancing, pulled down with his arms, trying to tighten the overhead rope and stabilize her. The man slid the saddle under her ass, swinging the two metal half-pipes underneath it together around the rubber tube, whose diameter they precisely matched. He turned a screw joining the two halves, and Scott guessed that the saddle was going to be very firmly attached to the tube by the vice underneath. When he was finished, Lauren sat back down. Actually, it was quite comfortable, much more comfortable than straddling the tube had been. Clenching her thighs against the rubber, Lauren felt an erotic thrill in her loins. She tried to be subtle as she shifted her weight forward slightly so that her clit rubbed against the warm rubber beneath her.

A minute later, and Scott was sitting on an identical saddle. It was the man's next trip to the closet that made both of them return to that explosive combination of anticipatory fear and uncontrollable lust that each had experienced on their last visit. He pulled out two toys - a silicone dildo, which appeared slightly shorter than Scott's six-inch cock, but a bit fatter; and a string of four shining metal balls, about an inch in diameter, which were threaded by something that allowed it to flex slightly as he carried it over. He looked at Lauren with a smile. "You first." Up close, the dildo looked very thick indeed - it wasn't two inches in diameter, but it might have been close; she'd never had anything split her pussy as widely as that thing would. In her arousal, she half-hoped that she would get that one, softly moaning to herself behind her gag as she thought about what it would be like to squeeze the muscles of her cunt around something so thick. It seemed likely that it would be for her, she thought, since the other probe looked more like an ass toy, and it would make sense if that were for Scott.

And, yes, when the man had her lift her hips again, he did slot the dildo into a groove in the saddle, right under her dripping pussy. "You might want to wait," he cautioned, and her thighs started to quiver with the strain of holding herself balanced on the stool, while he pulled a bottle of lube from his pocket and rubbed some onto the awaiting dildo. She thought that she might lose her balance if she stayed up much longer, so without waiting for his approval she started to lower herself. The tip of the dildo nudged at her labia, sending a jolt of pleasure through her whole pussy and causing her vaginal walls to balloon outward in anticipation. As she lowered herself further, she felt her pussy stretching to accommodate the intruder, and the almost addictive kind of pain and pleasure she associated with a tough yoga stretch seemed to spasm through her pelvis, as her pussy filled to its limit.

"You look like you enjoyed that," the man said. "Especially when it was just starting to penetrate that lovely pussy of yours. Well, get ready to feel it again. Up." Not quite knowing what else he could want, she raised herself up off the dildo (it actually helped to stabilize her, until she was totally off it), and then saw with a sudden and concerning realization that he was lubing the string of anal beads and connecting its base to a second slot beneath her. "Nnggo," she moaned into the leather ball that stuffed her mouth, shaking her now very wide-eyed head. It was too much. She couldn't take the huge dildo in her pussy and those balls in her ass at the same time... could she?

The man suddenly gripped her nipples tightly in both hands and started squeezing and twisting them savagely. Her nipples were already very sensitive from the suction earlier, and she yelled a muffled curse into the gag. Knowing that the longer she resisted, the worse she would be punished, she admitted defeat to herself and lowered her body again. The man grasped her with one arm about the waist, using the other hand to guide her plugs into their respective homes. He lowered her slowly, and she gasped for breath as the first sphere stretched her anus a full inch in width; normally this might not be so intense, but with the huge dildo also filling her pussy, she could feel the presence of the two toys on either side of the membrane separating her holes. Waves of pleasure and pain overtook her consciousness, and her overwhelmed body shuddered to a tremendous orgasm just as the final sphere stretched her ass wide. Her sphincter closed over it, and, barely able to believe that both invaders were fully inside her, she felt her perineum press firmly against the rubber of the saddle. 

Scott had watched his girlfriend become stuffed to the fullest with a mix of concern and arousal. From his position he couldn't see her ass, but his eyes had been riveted to the sight of her pussy slowly sliding down the shaft of the dildo, imagining that it was his cock instead. He could still see a hint of the dildo peeking out from the folds of her mercilessly split pussy lips, right below her clit. Pre-cum oozed from his penis and now hung from the deepening-red mushroom tip of his cock. He wanted to cum so badly that, had he not been gagged, he would have offered to suck the man's cock right there in front of his girlfriend, if only his hands would be allowed out of the single-glove to masturbate. He even started to suck on the rubber penis trapped between his lips, crazed arousal making him desirous of any sexual activity, no matter how humiliating.

But there was no immediate relief in store for him. Lauren was already recovering from her explosive orgasm and was once again becoming excited, as the slight adjustments needed for balancing on the saddle caused the plugs inside her to move. On the other hand, the man knew that Scott couldn't be taken over the edge, or his ability to translate pain into sexual pleasure would disappear. He would have to be kept hard and desperate for a long time yet.

"So many choices," said the man, as he rummaged in the closet, tossing various toys on the floor. Scott's eyes grew wide and he moaned through his penis-gag at the sight of another thick dildo that would surely rip his ass apart. The next toy was thinner but had a tube coming from it with a squeeze bulb attached to the end. "Next time," muttered the man to himself, loud enough for Scott to hear. "Well, I for one believe in equality, how about you?" he said. Since neither Scott nor Lauren could answer through their gags, it wasn't much of a question. He took another string of inch-thick anal beads from the closet, and, after Scott had voluntarily raised himself up off his saddle, attached it in place and covered it with lube. Scott sat down, relishing the feeling of his anus opening and closing with each sphere. He wished that he could come from anal stimulation alone.

"Well, I talked about equality, but I guess we have a problem," he said, causing Lauren to blush, as it was obvious that the attention of all three people was now squarely on the enormous dildo stretching her pussy wide. "Gotta do something about that," he added. Wondering what he could mean, Scott watched as the man went back to the closet and took out a small device that Scott knew was a cock and balls parachute. He was in for a new type of torment that he'd never experienced before. The device was a small sheet of leather that could be snapped shut into a volcano shape, attached to several short interconnected chains from which weights could be hung. The man took Scott's balls in his hand and, careful not to touch his aching cock, snapped the leather cone shut around them. His scrotum was squeezed through the narrow opening at the top of the volcano. He then took hold of the center of the rope connecting the couple's raised arms, tied a quick knot in the rope so that a loop appeared, and snapped a carabiner into the loop. Now, when they let their arms fall and tension returned to the rope, the loop closed around the carabiner. He tied a string to the parachute and fed it through the carabiner, knotting a small metal ring into the other end and letting it hang in the air.

"Now, how much weight do you deserve?" The man thought to himself for moment, then his face seemed to brighten. "I have an idea. Let's just say, you're at one weight, for now." He took a six-ounce weight from a small bag and hooked it onto the ring hanging from the string attached to Scott's parachute. When he let go, Scott's balls were immediately pulled upward and trapped tightly at the bottom of his scrotum. He could feel the strain on his sac and a growing pressure on his balls, but he also found it oddly erotic to look at himself. His balls were clearly defined and he could see their shape bulging against the stretched sac encasing them. Unconsciously his girlfriend leaned forward to get a closer look at his trussed testicles, letting her arms drop several inches in the process. Scott's arms were pulled upward and the rope between them shifted, causing the weight stretching his balls to bob upwards and then sway back and forth. He groaned and realized that any further movements by either of them would only add to his torment. Lauren offered a muffled "ollee" as Scott felt a new wave of humiliation at the thought that his balls were essentially attached to his girlfriend, whom he was dependent on to minimize his torture.

"Almost done!" said the man. He proceeded to buckle a two-inch wide leather belt studded with D-rings tightly around Lauren's waist. He snapped what looked like a very short bungee cord to the D-ring in back of the belt and connected it to a similar ring protruding out of the saddle behind her. After attaching another cable in front of her, he buckled a similar belt around Scott's waist and attached it's rear ring to his saddle. He then took two more elastic cords and attached them to slightly off-center rings at the front of Scott's saddle, stretching them down on either side of his cock and balls and clipping them to rings on the saddle. "That ought to hold you," the man said. Lauren tried to brace her feet against the stool and rise up, but the elastic cords held her firmly to the saddle. She found that when pushing with all her strength she could rise up perhaps three inches, not nearly enough to break clear of the intruders that stuffed her insides.

"Still feisty, eh?" The man looked amused. He reached into his pocket, and Lauren couldn't believe her eyes when she saw two thin metal chains and four clover clamps in the palm of his hand. How much more punishment could they take?

The chains had thick rubber bands looped through their endpoints, with each band attached to a clamp. Without hesitating he snapped one of the clovers onto Lauren's left nipple and its partner onto Scott's right, then attached the other pair in the same way. Girl and boy both started wailing into their self-chosen gags, with her emitting a muffled shriek and him groaning around the rubber cock that parted his lips. The length of the chains connecting each clamp to its opposite was about three feet. Even with the rubber bands, the total length between the jaws of each pair of clamps was shorter than the distance between Lauren's tits and Scott's chest. They were forced to lean forward, causing Lauren's clit to be ground deeper into the rubber seat, and lifting both of their asses off the saddle. Both members of the captive couple found that they had to rise up just enough for their anuses to be stretched around the widest point of the lowest sphere of their butt plugs. The look of shame in their eyes made it clear that each knew what the other was experiencing. Scott had an idea and tried to signal "rowng" to his girlfriend. After a few more noises and some downward nods of the head, she understood and sat back down at the same time that Scott rose up a bit further. This way they could maintain the necessary closeness, while Lauren settled back onto her saddle and Scott let his stretched asshole relax around the space between two of the inch-wide spheres.

When the man fetched several more lengths of rope, Scott couldn't imagine what the point could be. He and his girlfriend were already securely fastened to the saddles by the belts around their waists, their arms were high in the air and their hands were encased in leather.&nbsp; There was no way they could escape. Any movement by either one of them also caused immediate pain because of the clamps that stretched their nipples, and all their holes were deeply impaled. But he started to see where things were going when the man took hold of his left ankle, lifting it up behind him so that his leg was bent double and then wrapping the rope around his ankle and thigh, cinching it tight. He did the same with Scott's other leg, and both of Lauren's. With their feet bound up near their asses, they now had no leverage with which to push off the rungs of the stools, and balancing became much harder. They would only be able to squeeze inward with their thighs.

As he and Lauren adjusted to this increased instability, they found that even small movements would cause them to lose their equilibrium. They had to concentrate on remaining upright and still. When he moved his torso to relieve the pressure on his perineum, the nipple pull made them both gasp, and his anus hungrily devoured another steel ball. When her arms grew tired and she lowered them slightly, his were pulled upward, and the movement of the rope set in motion the weight attached to his balls. Lauren found that despite her attempt to remain still, constant small adjustments to her position were causing unrelenting stimulation to her pussy, ass, nipples, and clit. The sight of her rock-hard boyfriend just a few feet away from her, straining his sculpted muscles in a futile attempt to keep his balance, only added to the mounting orgasm that she knew was coming. A few minutes of this and it was too much for her. Shudders swept through her body and her toes curled involuntarily next to the backdrop of her gleaming buttocks.

While the two had been experimenting with the many interconnected parts of their predicament, the man had quietly circled around behind each of them, taking up the ends of the rubber tube that ran across the stools and attaching them to thick metal rings embedded in opposite walls of the room, about four feet off the ground. He had just finished attaching the tube behind Lauren's stool and had turned around to gaze at her back - which was arched in order to thrust her clamped tits out as much as possible - when he saw her toes curling in ecstasy. Looking pleased, he drew another six-ounce weight from his pocket and, without a word, hooked it to the swaying metal ring between the two captives. The parachute now crushed Scott's balls together mercilessly, and the skin of his scrotum was pulled visibly tighter.

Scott and Lauren were both caught up in processing the revelation that the more she was forced to experience pleasure, the greater his pain would be, when the man, in a swift, violent movement, kicked the stool out from under Lauren's saddle. She screamed in shock as her bound, totally vulnerable body dropped by several inches. Agonizing pain shot through her nipples, which were yanked by the chains connected to Scott's chest. Scott automatically tensed his raised arms in an attempt to suspend his body weight and cushion the fall that he knew was coming, and a moment later he too felt all his weight transferred to his arms, as the stool was pushed out from under him. Lauren was jerked up out of her saddle by the force of his fall, yelling as her tortured asshole opened and closed around three balls in quick succession and her pussy slid along its dildo - but the straps attached to her waist stopped her body from coming off entirely.

Both of them flailed wildly for about fifteen seconds, feeling too many simultaneous sensations for their minds to linger on any one of them. Finally they managed to achieve a new suspended balance. It was much harder now - the rubber tube running the full width of the room was very strong, but it was slightly elastic and its connection to the wall allowed it to rotate almost freely. The only thing now keeping Lauren and Scott from toppling sideways and crashing their shoulders and heads into the ground was the tension on their arms.

The man watched them squirm, moan, and tremble for about ten minutes, until he thought they looked totally defeated and ready for a break. Copious amounts of drool were falling from their mouths and both of their bodies were covered in sweat. Lauren's pussy looked heavily swollen from its abuse. The man came forward and undid the clovers from Scott's nipples, relishing the howl of pain that greeted him. Lauren's nipples were still clamped, of course, and she leaned forward as much as possible as the man stretched the ropes away from her tits. He undid the rubber bands from the freed clamps and knotted an additional length of string to the ropes before reattaching the clamps, so that the pairs were now about eighteen inches farther apart than before. Grinning, he pulling the strings downward so that they led in a straight line between Lauren's nipples and Scott's penis, and then, very carefully, he clamped the clovers onto the sensitive skin of Scott's shaft, about an inch below the head. Putting a few drops of lube on the clamped cock, he stood back to watch.

Lauren figured out what was going on before Scott did. The clamps weren't meant as another torture! At least, not exactly. She started rocking back and forth on her saddle, and as she did so, the skin on her boyfriend's penis was pulled back and forth over his lubricated head, almost as if he had been uncircumcised. Everything hurt: her stretched nipples, her ass and pussy, Scott's weighted balls. But this was the direct stimulation that Scott had been denied for days, including through the entirety of his erotic birthday ordeal. It didn't take him long to orgasm, and his cum shot out in front of him, almost reaching Lauren's heaving body several feet away.

Glad that his plan had succeeded, the man undid their bindings and offered them both a chance to rest. Perhaps an hour later, as they were leaving, he handed them a burned DVD. "For your grandkids," was all he said.



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  dale10


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





