BDSM Library - The Chronicles of Narnia - XXX The White Witch, Peter & Edmund




The Chronicles of Narnia - XXX The White Witch, Peter & Edmund
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: 






WARNING!
This text file contains sexually explicit material. If you do not wish to read this type of literature, or you are under age, PLEASE DELETE THIS FILE NOW!!!!!

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This work is copyrighted to the author � 2007. Please don't remove the author information or make any changes to this story. All rights reserved. Thank you for your consideration.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The Chronicles of Narnia - XXX
The White Witch, Peter &amp; Edmund

By Arthur Wilde, Le Marquis De Zade

************************************************************************
The war over Narnia is over and the White Witch and her minions have won. Peter is captured and humiliated in ways he never imagined. Edmund attempts to rescue Peter, but is in turned captured. Both failed heroes of Narnia become the play things of the White Witch and her dark creatures. (F-beast/mm, ped, noncon, rape, forced, mast, oral, humil, anal, bd; milking)
************************************************************************

Peter is thrown hard on the floor of the White Witch's thrown room. His armor clambering as he falls hard on his back facing the evil queen. An ugly Goblin removes Peter's helmet as four strong Minotaur monsters hold his wrists and ankles forcing him spread-eagled before the ice queen who is seated at her thrown gleaming with victory. Peter struggles to get free, but her bully troops are strong. Grinning and leering at Peter, two Hags roughly remove his armor and chain mail leaving Peter in tunic garbs. The White Witch sits comfortably as she smokes cannabis.

The Queen's Dwarf walks up between Peter's out-stretched legs and savagely kicks Peter's exposed and defenseless crotch. The teen boy screams aloud in pain. But his painful cry is muffled by the laughter of the villains surrounding him.

The Dwarf turns and bows to his queen then turns back to Peter and again kicks Peter in the nuts two more times causing the boy to scream. The guards release his legs allowing the young teen to pull his legs up. Tears stream down Peter's face.

Queen Jadis rises from her thrown and the room silences itself as she approaches young Peter with her long sword in hand. 

"Did that hurt, little king?" Jadis laughs at him. "Spread his legs wider." 
The Minotaurs immediately grab Peter's arms and his ankles and spread them wide before their queen. "Wider," she demands! 

The bulls do so spreading Peter's legs and exposing his crotch to the icy woman. The White Witch raises her sword and places its sharp tip directly on Peter's teen crotch. She toys with her sword gently and carefully rubbing it over Peter's clothed cock and balls.

"No, please don't cut me. Not there, no," Peter begs her. 

Again the room fills with roars and laughter. Suddenly she drops her sword aside and her icy facade is replaced with a warm smile and she kneels between Peter's legs. His crying stops as the witch gropes his teen boyhood through his pants. He moans and the Queen removes her hands leaving before the whole room his exposed crotch tenting into an obvious erection.

"This so humiliating, please stop it," Peter cries. 

But the witch returns her attention to his stiff penis. Lost in his pleasure Peter doesn't notice until he feels the cold air on his groin just as Jadis tears apart his pants down to his knees. The young man opens his eyes to see everyone looking at his crotch. Except for a thin white silk loin cloth Peter is naked below the waist.

The undergarment is tented by his stiff prick and to Peter's horror his balls have slipped out of the leg opening completely exposed to everyone.

"You can't do this to me. I am to be king of Narnia. Stop this, no... No," Peter demands. 

The queen ignores his pleas and with one hand takes a firm grasp of his teen dick and rubs it up and down through his silky loin cloth. She snakes her other hand and firmly massages his exposed balls. Peter utters, 

"No, no... This isn't right, stop... No." He moans.

"Now, my little king, let us see just how little you are," the Ice Queen whispers in his ear. "Not so brave without your army, without your sword, and soon without your clothes." 

She releases his dick and balls, and then stares at his tented loincloth. The White Witch engulfs the head of his cloth-covered penis, releases it, and then licks Peter's stiff shaft forcing a moan from the struggling teen. She moves back and stares at her minions with a smile. Her hands slide into the leg openings of Peter's loin cloth and grabs hold of the fabric. Peter pleads her not to, but the bitch tears off the flimsy undergarment finally exposing the teen's hard four and a half inch dick. The room fills with laughter and roars as Peter's face flushes red with embarrassment.

"My, you are a little king," exclaims the wicked witch. "Is this the biggest your little cock gets, boy?" She takes a firm grip of his dick and begins jerking him off.

"Stop it, stop touching me there, oh god. Please," Peter manages between moaning and gasping for breath. 
He's on the verge of orgasm, but resists and tries to be strong and not give in to her manipulation.

"Let's see how much of a man you are, boy. Cum for me, Peter," the witch demands. 

His legs begin to shake and he tries to close them, but the Minotaurs hold fast and firmly spreading his legs wider to give their evil queen easier access to Peter's exposed and vulnerable privates. His body is now covered in sweat.

"Here, let me help you, boy," the White Witch smiles at him as she tightens her grasp on his hard dick. To his utter horror he feels the witch's finger poke his virgin asshole. She drives a finger deep inside his boy pussy and his body begins to spasm, but the brave teen resists her and holds back his cum. Angered the White Queen inserts three fingers into his asshole and roughly molests his hard penis rubbing it up and down forcefully as her fingers find his prostate. 

"Now Peter, cum hard for me," she demands as her hand roughly squeezes his teen dick up and down. She releases his stiff pole. It now stands on its own. Her attention focuses on finger-fucking the cum out of Peter and she succeeds with a hooked finger attacking his teen boy love button. Peter cries out as he gives in and orgasms. His hard stiff dick spewing out seven heavy spurts of hot white teen boy jism all over his thick blond pubes and crotch. The evil witch continues to play and roughly rub his now very sensitive prick. 
Her iron grip tightens around his stiff dick and now painfully milks Peter's still hard dick.

"Oh god, stop. It hurts. Stop, you're going to rip my penis off," Peter cries out now whimpering, tears falling down his cheeks, with his face flushed with passion, embarrassment, and pain. The White Witch continues to milk him and finger-fuck his exposed asshole. Three more loads of thick cum spurt out of his piss slit. Peter's eyes roll back and he lapses into unconsciousness. Jadis runs her fingers through his cum soaked crotch, then traces a jism-covered finger over Peter's lips. She returns to her thrown.

"Strip him naked," she commands!

The Minotaurs, goblins, wolves, and all her dark creatures obey her wish and surround Peter's sleeping form. Moments later they move away taking with them Peter's armor and shredded clothing revealing a completely naked fifteen year old teen.

Cold, freezing water is thrown on Peter's sleeping body. The young teen is startled and jumps awake. He turns to run, but sees he's surrounded by the White Witch and her followers.

"Oh, no... No," Peter realizes it wasn't just a nightmare. He looks down at himself and also realizes he's totally naked and exposed, and covers his modesty. His skin is soaked and his disheveled hair sticks to his face.

"Tie him up," the witch says to the Minotaurs. 
Her minions easily overpower Peter and have his arms and legs tied to two poles stretching and exposing his body before the witch. Jadis walks up to him and cups his face with her hand. She looks him over and spends a long time staring at his cock and balls. 

He attempts to bring his legs up, but his ankles are shackled leaving him completely exposed to her eyes. To his utter surprise her stare alone begins to excite him and his two inch shriveled penis begins to get hard again until it is sticking up pointing to his belly button. 

She walks behind him and whispers, "Narnia is mine. You are mine. Your soul. Your body, your boy pussy, your mouth, and especially your cock and balls all belong to me now." She grips his now four and a half inch penis masturbating him until pre-cum begins to leak out of his piss slit. The White Witch moves in front of Peter and strips completely naked herself.

"And you know what else belongs to me little man... Your virginity." She smiles seductively and Peter smiles a little flattered that he may soon have his first experience fucking a woman. He smiles at her again, but then his mouth drops when he sees the Dwarf outfit the witch with a huge ivory twelve-inch strap-on dildo. 

"No, you can't. I'm a boy... I'm a man. Please don't rape me with that. No!" Peter begins to struggle against his bonds as the wicked woman takes her position behind him. 

"Once I've ravaged your virginity, boy, you'll be worthless. Even if you sit that bubble butt ass of yours on the thrown in Cair Paravel, my spell can never be broken. Narnia is mine, your ass is mine," she cruelly whispers into his ear. 

He begins to cry and plead, "No, don't do this. I beg you. Please, I'll do anything. I'll tell you where Susan and Lucy are hiding." Jadis puts the tip of the ivory cock against Peter's puckered asshole. 

"No, don't. No," Peter beseeches the cold witch. 

His body quivers in fear and he juts his hips out to keep away from the dildo exposing his crotch into the open air before him. Without hesitation, she shoves her hips and cruelly shoves six inches of the ivory cock into Peter's virginal asshole causing the teen to scream. She pulls out and repeatedly fucks him without mercy. The young man tries to pull himself out, but the cruel bitch grabs a hold of his stiff dick with one hand and his balls with the other. Using his boyhood as leverage she pulls him deeper onto the ivory strap-on dildo. With one final powerful thrust she shoves all twelve inches of the phallus into Peter's no-longer virgin ass exuding a powerful and girly cry from Peter.

"No, no... You're going to make me cum. No, no more please." Peter's body shakes and quivers again. His dick begins leaking pre-cum. The wicked White Witch much taller than Peter stands herself to her full height and spears Peter's asshole lifting him up two feet from the floor. Peter screams out in agony and then moans in painful pleasure. Twelve creamy loads of white teen boy cum leaks out of his dick streaming down from his piss slit to coat his rock hard shaft. The witch has his bonds cut, just before one last deep thrust into his ass. She grips his cock and cruelly jerks it off before throwing the savagely raped fifteen year old blond boy onto the floor in the center of her thrown room.

Surrounded by unmercifully evil, Peter crawls into a fetal position and takes a hold of his dick which is still ejaculating copious amounts of cum. Two frisky Goblins grab each of his ankles and spread his legs wide apart exposing his recently fucked asshole and his still hard dick. He shamefully tries to hide himself as he continues to orgasm under evil watchful eyes. Peter covers his hard cock with his hands to hide his defeat as it spurts out of him in thick globs teen boy semen.

Queen Jadis watches lustfully as Peter unable to control his now broken body continues to painfully shoot spurt after spurt of teen boy jism. His white pinkish body covered with sweat and cum seems so more vulnerable compared to all the hairy and armored creatures watching his degradation and humiliation.

"I've won," said the White Witch as she looks on at Peter as he's moaning and screaming. Thick cum spurts and dribbles out from his gaping piss slit. He looks at her imploringly.

"Why? Why am I cumming so much? What have you done to me? I can't stop! Please make it stop," Peter begs her.

"My spell, little boy, will keep you shooting and shooting until I make it stop. And there's only one way to stop it and right now I don't want it to stop. It's far more exciting to see you defeated and with no control over yourself," the evil Witch declares.

Peter turns away from her and attempts to escape. He crawls away kneeling with one hand supporting his weight and the other hand covering his hard ejaculating dick. The White Witch's minions look to their mistress for her orders, then lustfully at the blond teens upturned hairless ass.

"Shave what little man hair he has between his legs, then do with him as you will, but do not... I repeat do not kill him," she commands.

"No," Peter screams! He frantically looks for an escape. 

A Minotaur flips Peter on his back on the floor and immediately goblins and harpies hold the teenager's limbs outstretched and spread-eagled. The Minotaur holds Peter's wrist above his head and kneels just over Peter's face with his huge bull dick leaking pre-cum all over Peter's closed rose bud lips. The monster's jism drips over Peter's nose and the young man opens his mouth to breathe only to have the creature's pungent juices dribble into his gaping mouth. He coughs and spits out the foul liquids.

Peter's body suddenly bucks. A harpy hovering over his crotch engulfs just the pink tip of Peter's stiff teenage prick. Not a drop of cum spills out of the bitch's hungry mouth as she sucks the white hot teen juices spilling out of the young teen's balls. He moans out in pleasure only to swallow a glop of Minotaur pre-cum.

The Dwarf grabs a hold of Peter's scrotum and stretches the skin causing Peter some discomfort, then with a sharp razor blade and using the teen's ball juice for lubrication he cuts off all of the teen's pubic hair. Peter doesn't move a muscle for fear of having his dick and balls chopped off. To his utter humiliation the Dwarf displays before the White Witch and her dark court Peter's now completely bare and hairless balls.

Stepping aside the Dwarf allows two more harpies to attack Peter's recently shaved balls. They each begin licking his balls. Each harpy engulfs a testicle in their mouths sucking the teen's now sensitive balls. The harpy raping Peter's penis head suddenly deep throats the young man's stiff dick down to the base and hungrily sucks hard with her sharp teeth scraping his piss slit. Monster leeches attach themselves and begin to ravage and suck Peter's nipples.

"Please, tell them to stop," Peter begs. "They're sucking too hard it hurts my dick. And my balls. Oh my balls. Tell them to stop." He cries out loud as he orgasms, spilling his teen seed into the greedy vicious mouth enveloping his very sore and sensitive dick. The 
Dwarf cruelly sneaks a thick finger into Peter's boy hole and toys with the teenager's prostate causing him to moan. Taking advantage of his open and vulnerable mouth the Minotaur quickly jabs his thick dick piercing Peter's redden lips causing the boy to gag. The beast cums in Peter's mouth and jism spills out covering the young man's face. The harpies change places each raping his teen dick and balls.

As two of them continue their sucking assault on his egg sized balls another one jerks off his four and half inch cock milking Peter to another painful orgasm. 

"Not again. Oh god. Oh, oh, oh." Peter moans. "Stop it." The harpy grins at him with teen cum dripping from her mouth, tightens her vice grip on his hard fleshy tool and jerks him off even faster. 

"Please, no more! You're going to tear off my dick. Stop it!" Peter's glands are a now a mean purple and his shaft is rubbed raw and red from so much abuse.

Suddenly from out of the crowd, Edmund clad in armor and chain mail makes his way between the Witch's thrown and to where Peter is being raped and forcibly milked. He has a sword drawn and stands threateningly before Queen Jadis, the Daughter of Lilith.

"Release him," Edmund demands.

Edmund is appalled as he sees what they are doing to Peter. He catches a glimpse of Peter's teen prick giving up his teen boy milk to the open and waiting mouth of a harpy. Edmund gulps down a touch of fear when he sees the bitch engulf Peter's dick to the base exhorting a loud and painful moan from his brother.

"You and what army, my little Turkish Delight," the Queen's words strikes a nerve in the younger boy's bravado. "The Big Cat is dead and skinned. His fur will be a perfect doormat for my castle and his head will be a perfect mantle piece."

"No one else, it's just me. But if your minions take one more step I'll run you through," he challenges her.

A Minotaur charges from Edmund's right flank. The young teen manages to block the Minotaur's striking axe; he lowers his center of gravity, and quickly drives a striking blow with his sword catching the Minotaur right in the stomach. The beast falls dead on the ground and Edmund immediately runs up to the White Witch. "Your reign of winter is over, bitch!" He puts the tip of his sword to her neck.

"How dare you. You little impudent worm," She yells at him. The White Witch waves her hand across his sword and in moments it begins to rapidly rust, crumbles into ash, then nothingness. Edmund is surprised and caught off guard.

"My sword? What happened to my sword?" Edmund is astonished.

"Think fast my little Turkish Delight," the White Witch threatens and with another wave of her hand, but this time across Edmund's bottom half of armor and clothing just below his waist; she uses her evil magic to humiliate her arrogant assailant. To Edmund's dismay and utter humiliation he realizes that he is now completely naked below the waist. With his top armor still on, the teen seems even more naked and vulnerable.

"Oh my god, I'm naked," Edmund shyly attempts to cover his flaccid and hairless dick and balls. "This is so embarrassing, stop looking at me, perverts," the young teenager yells at the evil beasts and creatures lustfully gawking at his crotch and ass.

He turns away from the evil Ice Queen's gaze, but gives her an open view and access of his luscious virgin bubble butt. The entire room fills with monstrous roars and laughter. She pulls him to her and with one hand forces his head closer to hers and gives him a passionately invading kiss. He tenses as he feels her fingers wrap tightly around his still soft penis. Edmund moans despairingly.

"You vile disgusting woman, let go of me," Edmund admonishes her! He insultingly pushes her away. Suddenly he feels a tentacle slap him across the buttocks. He turns around to discover an octopus like creature with multiple tentacles each ending with a lamprey-like suctioning mouth. It crawls up to him and he backs away in fear to find himself in the Queen's arms again. The dreaded creature makes frighteningly suctioning noises, one of its long snake-like arms attempts to dart at Edmund's exposed crotch, but the young hero manages to fend it off before it could take hold of his boyhood. 

Taking advantage of the moment, the Witch savagely shoves a finger into Edmund's defenseless virgin ass and cruelly toys with his fuck button. The unexpected invasion elicits a sharp and girly cry from the young teen. He bucks forward exposing his crotch and his arms flail at the Queen behind him. Before he realizes his mistake Edmund is attacked by the octopus creature, which wraps several tentacles around his legs. 

Two of the tentacles with suctioning mouths quickly crawl up toward his boyhood. To his horror, Edmund suddenly pushes himself back fucking himself on the Ice Queen's probing finger. Trapped he moans as one tentacle opens it mouth to engulf his entire hairless scrotum, then moans even louder as another tentacle wraps its mouth over his soft pink cock. 

Two more Minotaurs hold Edmund's arms aside as their Queen roughly inserts two long fingers into his ass. She hooks her fingers and savagely rubs his prostate. Edmund's dick erects inside the tentacle mouth, which is sucking him vigorously. His penis forcefully hardens to a stiff six-inch prick. He moans and his body shakes.

"No, please stop it. Oh my dick. My dick, please stop it," Edmund begs. The evil White Witch lifts Edmund two feet above the ground with her hooked fingers deep in his ass while two tentacles continue to rape his vulnerable cock and balls. "Oh god, oh, oh, oh no..." Edmund's cock spews out his boy jism into the sucking tentacle. His legs shake and his body quivers as he's forced to ejaculate another load of cum.

"Release him," the White Witch commands and the Minotaurs let go of his arms. Edmund's body remains impaled by the evil Queen's fingers. She lifts him two more feet higher and the tentacles ravaging his boy parts release his tortured organs. She dangles his body before her minions like a puppet and humiliates the young teen. With just the top half of his body clad in armor and his tunic, but completely naked below the waist, the dark-haired youth seems even more vulnerable and exposed like a turtle out of its shell. 

To further his humiliation the White Witch toys with the teen's love button roughly hooking her fingers inside his ass and rubbing his prostate. Edmund's dick is stiff, hard, and pointing to his belly button. It's rubbed raw and red with little bite marks from being sucked so hard by the tentacled-monster. Suddenly his body tenses and his cock twitches as his piss slit spews out ten heavy loads of teen cum covering his armor-covered chest and his hairless crotch. A splotch of cum also hits him in the face. 

With her free hand the Witch grabs hold of back of Edmund's armor and dangles the defenseless teen before her evil servants. She continues her onslaught between his butt cheeks and finger-fucks more teen boy milk out of him. The defeated youth gives in and again painfully orgasms before a sadistic audience with his stiff penis dripping cum out of his pee hole glistening down his raw and much abused shaft. His body is covered in sweat and his face is red with embarrassment.

Queen Jadis tires of her amusement. She pulls her fingers from his ass eliciting a moan from Edmund. With magic she has his body floating in the air. She turns him around with her face staring right at his stiff and cum sticky cock, which she lustfully wraps around her lips, then she deep throats it down to the base of his dick.

"Ah, ah. Stop, this is torture. Oh, oh, my dick. Please stop sucking it... It hurts. No, more. My dick. Have mercy," the young man pleads for the intense pain and pleasure between his legs radiating throughout his body to end. The White Witch licks her tongue along his rigid shaft, then envelopes only the purple pinkish tip of his dick. She roughly sucks his dick up and down with her warm mouth. Her tongue toys with his piss slit, just before ravaging his entire shaft down to the base again. She tightens her lips around the head of his dick and her hand takes a firm grip around his six inch hard teen cock as she feels it pulse toward orgasm. Even as his body surrenders his boy milk to her, the Ice Queen continues to milk him with her hand and mouth as she savagely sucks his dick. Edmund's cock blows load after load of teen cum into the witch's demanding mouth. He moans heavily and tries to catch his breath.

Jadis releases his tortured dick, which is raw and very sensitive with a pearl drop of cum hanging from the piss slit. She sticks her tongue out and licks off the pearl residue. As the stiff teen prick is exposed to the cold air, Edmund whimpers and cries out.

"Ah my dear Edmund, you are much sweeter than Turkish Delights," The White Witch whispers in his ear. She kisses him and forces him to taste his own seed, and then coldly throws the youth across the air into the center of her court room.

Edmund crashes to the floor on his back. His upper armor makes screeching noises as he moves. He finds himself surrounded by her evil followers with no hope of escape. They stare him coldly in the eyes. Other eyes keep focus on his naked and exposed cock and balls. He bravely gets up and immediate tries to cover his boyhood, but is only successful in covering his scrotum. His still hard and recently ravaged dick sticks out of his hands open before everyone.

"Stop staring! Stop looking at me," he yells at them. Hungry, monstrous beings stare him in the eye, gaze at his pink white ass, his exposed and hard cock. They look lustfully at him like a piece of meat about to be devoured.

"No, don't. Please leave me alone. Don't," Edmund begs the wild beasts surrounding his naked and exposed body.

Edmund catches a glimpse of Peter a few feet away still being raped by the White Witch's minions. He sees Peter being orally raped by the harpies with his raw and sensitive cock and balls at the mercy of their hands and mouths. The Dwarf between Peter's outstretched legs continues to finger-fuck the older teen's ass. A huge Minotaur rapidly jerks off and cums on Peter's face. 

Edmund turns away and looks to his own safety and imminent rape. The monstrous creatures still have their gaze fixed on his naked body.

"Get away from me, you horrid beasts," he tries to maintain his bravado although his recent and forced orgasm showed he was defeated and helpless. Hairy, scaly, and slimy creatures of all sorts converge closer to him. Hands and claws grasp at his limbs. They drag him down and soon his naked white pink teen body is covered by the Queen's dark followers. 

Beneath the mass of goblins, harpies, Minotaurs, wolves, giant monster leeches, wraiths, and all things that go bump in the night, lay Edmund naked on his back trapped beneath the dark creatures' hold. An Ankle Slicer sneaks into the crowd and slices away the remainder of Edmund's upper clothing just as a Minotaur quickly tears off the last of the failed teen hero's armor. Both work in frenzy to strip and reveal the dark-haired teen's completely nude form.

Edmund screams, "No, don't touch me. Not there!" Hands cup his buttocks. Tongues lick his balls. Mouths capture and suck hard on his nipples. His legs are lifted and spread wider to give all participants easier access to his precious naked "delights." His hard and sensitive teen cock is orally raped by several mouths. Edmund feels three fingers slide in between his legs to find the passage between his butt cheeks. The fingers penetrate the ring of his boy hole, and then roughly enter him. 

The probing violators search and find his teen boy love button, massaging his prostate. He's about to orgasm and opens his mouth and moans, then suddenly a huge and hairy cock is shoved into his mouth effectively gaggling him. The fingers in his ass are soon replaced by another huge, but slimy prick which in moments marks his teen ass with a huge load of hot pungent cum, so much that it leaks out of his asshole.

A blowing horn signals the Witch's order and all her minions retreat into the shadows and darker corners of the room. They scurry aside like packs of rats leaving behind two completely naked teenage boys. Peter and Edmund are on their backs on the floor. Their bodies are covered in sweat, saliva, and cum. Both are in the throws of orgasm and moan deeply as their hard pricks spew out load after load of teen boy jism all over their hairless bodies.

With a wave of her hand the Witch has Edmund floating in the air. His back is to her while his front is complete exposed to her court and his brother, who is still painfully cumming all over himself. The Dwarf again outfits his Mistress with the enchanted twelve-inch ivory strap-on dildo. Without any ceremony she grabs a hold of Edmund's hair and pulls his head back, then placing the phallus before his used teen boy asshole she fucks the shit out of his ass pushing all twelve inches with one cruel thrust. She fucks him a quite awhile, then with one finally thrust she grabs a hold of his stiff six inch dick and jerks him off madly until Edmund cries out like a girl and groans as load after load of cum is milked out of his much abused teen pole.

The White Witch discards Edmund like a piece of trash. She hurls the young teen boy, who now seems to be in perpetual state of orgasm, across the room. He lands with a thud on top of his brother. In the fall Edmund's knee smashes into Peter's balls causing Peter to ball up into fetal position groaning in agony. The Dwarf walks up to Edmund, grabs hold of Edmund's legs and spread them wide open, and then smashes his foot into the teenager's exposed balls. He leaves Edmund now also in fetal position to simmer in his agony with his brother.

A huge, black Minotaur in armor approaches the White Witch. "Find the Daughters of Eve. Destroy them. They are not to leave Narnia alive, understood, General Otman," the Witch commands. Her giant bull growls his affirmation. �Aslan and his forces are defeated. Narnia is mine forever," the White Witch declares.

"What of these pathetic creatures, my Queen," inquires the Minotaur. He turns his gaze at Peter and Edmund. The two teens are still sporting hard ons and spewing their cum like a fountain. 

"I will deal with them myself, General. I know precisely what to do with them," says the illegitimate Queen of Narnia with an evil grin. "But for now let's have some more fun with them," she says glaring at the two young teens groveling helpless on the floor.

"Tie them up," the White Queen orders her minion. Otman gestures to his Minotaur soldiers and soon Peter and Edmund are dragged to their feet by several his strongest bulls. Both teenagers are still nursing their recently busted balls. Otman smacks each boy's hand away from their genitals as they're tied spread-eagled before the White Witch. Four pairs of monster leeches crawl up each teen's chest to rest on their nipples. 
They begin sucking Peter and Edmund's puckered nipples. The young men groan in extreme pleasure. Suddenly they see the slimy octopus approaching them. Its tentacles wrap around the boys' legs further spreading them making their defenseless genitals open to its abuse. 

"Oh god, not again, please no," Edmund screams as two pairs of tentacles ending with lamprey-like mouths completely engulf each of his balls. When he suddenly feels the scraping teeth of another tentacle-mouth swallow his six-inch cock to the root he screams out like a girl. 

"No, no, no, not my balls. Please no, not my dick, oh god," Peter exclaims! A giant tentacle-mouth gulps down his scrotum and begins sucking on his tender and sensitive balls. Poor Peter can't help but elicit a girly moan, then cries out in pain as another tentacle captures his cock. The lamprey-mouth tentacle rapes just the tip of Peter's dick sucking hard around the mushroom head as a tiny snake like tongue penetrates deep into the teen's shaft to suckle out the boy's cum.

Behind Peter, Otman stands with a leather whip and behind the younger boy Edmund the White Witch traces the handle of a similar whip across Edmund's soft, rear end. Both Witch and her General Bull back up from the young teens, raising their arms back they stare directly at the beautiful pair of teen boy asses in front of them. They let the whips swing and when their sharp tips touch each teen's flesh directly on their assholes they scream loud enough to shatter glass. The Queen and Otman are relentless in whipping Peter and Edmund. Soon the youths' bodies are covered in welts and bruised black and blue.

The Witch's entire court remains quiet as the villains relish in the boys' torment and torture. For hours on end the halls of the White Witch's palace are filled with the young teen boy's screaming and wailing. Finally, the dark creatures' tire of their game and the Queen takes the handles of both whips. She approaches each teen from behind and cruelly jams both whip ends deep into their vulnerable assholes. Peter and Edmund elicit an ear-piercing screech that echoes beyond the palace walls. Their adolescent bodies jut out at the crotch as both Peter and Edmund are forced milked of their teen boy jism. The sucking tentacles swallow their succulent milky white honey. 

"No more, please. Stop. Our dicks are so sensitive. No more. Make it stop," the older blond teen begs them. But the octopus monster continues to milk the teens even after they've longed stopped ejaculating. Soon it has both boys bawling in pain. The boys are milked dry for hours and are then left sobbing and sniveling. 

The winter cold and its eternal embrace have returned to Narnia and the landscape is covered now in its white blanket. In the distance the White Witch in her chariot is accompanied by her dark army as they journey across a field of snow. On either side the Witch's chariot is Peter and Edmund. Both young teens are still naked with their hard dicks still spewing jism and their bodies quiver and shaking in orgasm. They are being carried impaled on the huge cocks of two big brown Minotaur soldiers. Their bodies glisten with cum as snow falls and melts on them. Occasionally a harpy flies up to either boy to warm their cocks with their mouths and suck the boy milk from their balls. Each time the boys elicit a painful pleasurable moan while the White Witch smiles at their discomfort.

The entourage finally comes to a stop in front of a cave in a black forest. The two Minotaur soldiers begin to fuck Peter and Edmund earnestly causing both boys to ejaculate and shoot several loads of cum four feet ahead of them.

As they are forced to blow their wads against their will, Peter pleads for the White Queen to make them stop. 

"Please Jadis, make them stop," Peter addresses her by just her first name. "They're going to fuck us to death. Oh, oh, oh, I'm cumming." 

The White Witch dismounts her chariot and approaches Peter. She slaps him hard across the face. 

"That is Queen Jadis to you, my little cock boy." 
She takes his stiff dick, which has cum dribbling down his shaft. His erection points skyward. As punishment she takes the hard teen dick and painfully bends it downward toward the ground. Peter cries out in pain and groans when she begins to jerk him off while his dick is bent in an uncomfortable and rough manner.

"Please stop it! You're going to ruin him. His penis will break. Please don't hurt him anymore," Edmund begs her. "It's so cold. Please Queen Jadis, have mercy on us, on our penises. Please. It's so cold." The Ice Witch releases her cruel grip over Peter's cock and it springs back pointing his belly button. She walks over to Edmund and places a hand covered in Peter's jism kindly on his cheek.

"Too cold is it, my little Turkish Delight," she says grabbing his six inch dick. "Then why is your cock so hard? It's at least two inches longer than your small-dicked older brother's."

"Please it so cold," Edmund moans as his cum dribbles over his foreskin coating his entire shaft and Jadis' hand as she gently masturbates his teen cock.

"Don't worry, Edmund. Soon you will be warm and well taken care of," she promises him as she shoves a pointy fingernail into his piss slit and toys with the cum drop that spews from the pee hole.

The White Witch now alone escorts her naked prisoners into the cave. Peter and Edmund have their hands bound tightly behind them. As they walk deeper into the darkness of the cave the Witch raises her hand to magically light torches hanging from the walls of the cave. They continue onward until they come to wall covered by beautiful white tapestry. She turns to the teen boys and lustfully looks at their stiff pricks and manages to catch a hold of both boys from falling as their orgasm shakes their bodies and causes their legs to lose their balance. Peter and Edmund moans as they ejaculate copious amounts of teen boy juices onto the cave floor.

"Please, your highness, make it stop. Make our dicks stop cumming. It hurts so much," Peter politely requests. The White Witch smiles kindly, then kneels and engulfs Peter's four and half inch dick down to the base. 

"Please, no. No more." Suddenly the warmth of her mouth is sucked out and Peter feels her mouth lose all heat and become cold and freezing. "No, oh god, no, it's cold. My dick is freezing. Stop," he screams like a girl and his cries echo and is heard outside of the cave.

He tries to pull away from the Witch's mouth, but she grabs his hips and pulls his dick deeper into her mouth. She even engulfs Peter's balls. Edmund is awe struck and is afraid to move as his own dick is still painfully stiff and leaking cum. Peter's body convulses and the White Witch lifts his body against the cave wall with her sucking mouth still working on his cock and balls. Peter shuts his eyes as her lips tighten over his boyhood. 

He moans aloud and his dick spills out thick rich teen boy sperm into the sucking mouth of the wicked Witch. She drops his exhausted and drained body on the floor, and then turns to Edmund. Peter is alive and his boyhood still in tack, but his balls now drained have shriveled to the size of marbles and his penis is now a flaccid inch prick with his dick head hiding beneath his circumcised foreskin.

Edmund makes a run for it, but is soon in the clutches of the White Witch. Moments later she has him in the same position with his body up against the cave wall and his cock and balls in her cold mouth forcefully sucking and milking the cum out of him. She spends a long time on Edmund and forces him to three painful orgasms. When she drops him to the floor Edmund's dick is a flaccid two inches and his balls have shrunk to the size of peas.

The Witch combs her fingers through his hair and smiles at him, "Don't worry, Edmund, my little delight, yours and your brother's cock and balls will return to normal once it's taken care of by another warm mouth." She stands up and pulls down the cover on the wall and reveals another Wardrobe. It is embedded and part of the cave wall. This Wardrobe is made of ivory and the bones of elephants. It has skull markings all over it. 

The White Witch stands Peter up, kisses him deeply, and has a last feel of his teen boy dick and balls and finger fucks him for five minutes before throwing his naked, used and abused ass into the Wardrobe. She takes Edmund and rubs his flaccid dick up and down while finger fucking his boy hole, then forces his mouth open and tongues him passionately. The Witch gently pinches his two inch dick, and then pushes him across into the Wardrobe and inside. She locks it and using her magic creates a wall of ice to seal the Wardrobe deep within the cave.

Peter and Edmund find themselves inside a room. It seems warm and comfortable. They turn and see a closed Wardrobe behind them, and then they look at each other and realize they are still completely naked with their hands bound behind their backs.

"Are we home," asks Edmund. "I don't know," Peter replies.

The room is warm and their teen pricks grow to semi-erect states. Both boys attempt to get up, but accidentally fall flat on their asses. Glad they are no longer in the clutches of the White Witch they laugh. 

Upon hearing unfamiliar music and singing coming from outside of a door, Peter tells Edmund to be quiet. 

"Where are we?" Edmund asks him again. 

Peter gets up and listens against the closed door. "I don't know. Maybe we are home," he replies.

"Untie me," Edmund yells aloud. 

Suddenly the music stops. The door is pushed open knocking Peter down onto the wooden floor on his back. Several tall and uniformed men enter with guns drawn. They gaze at the naked teen boys lying on the floor.

One of them pulls Peter up wrapping his hand around the blond teen's neck and speaks to him in an authoritative, harsh, and foreign tongue. The men eye the teens' naked bodies focusing especially on their cock and balls. Both Peter and Edmund's faces flush red with embarrassment as their pricks involuntarily harden to full erection.

"What do they want, Peter," Edmund inquires. "They're Germans," Peter cries out. "Shit, we're fucked," Edmund screams trying to struggle toward the Wardrobe. Before they know it, huge German fingers are wrapped tightly around each teen's hard dick forcibly jerking off and milking them to orgasm. Edmund is jerked off painfully as he watches on as Peter is double-fucked taking two big cocks in the ass. A hand pulls Peter's head back. His screams are muffled by an even bigger prick being shoved into his dick sucking lips. 

The door closes and all that is heard is Peter and Edmund wailing and moaning in pleasure and pain.

THE END

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The author does not condone child abuse; this story is meant as an erotic fantasy not real life. Anyone acting out such scenarios in "real life" can look forward to many unproductive years getting it up the butt by a fellow convict in their local prison.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Arthur Wilde(no email) 


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





