BDSM Library - The season of the witch




The season of the witch
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: 







Abstract: Eugenie and Horace are arrested by the Holly inquisition as well as their maid Shelly. They are taken to the dungeons and tortured until they confess. Shelly will escape the stake but the couple is executed publicly. This fiction contains very graphic details of&nbsp; the methods used by the inquisition.

Season of the Witch

 The pounding on the door came after midnight and was followed by a crash as the door was knocked from its hinges. A scream of terror could be heard from Shelly, the scullery maid while Horace and Eugenie were startled in their bed from the relaxed sleep of post coitus bliss.

 Horace jumped to his feet but was hit in the head and groin by the staff carried by one of the hooded intruders. Eugenie covered herself with the meager blankets and cowered in terror as five hooded figures entered the room which was only illuminated by the soft flicker of a dying fire in the hearth.

 One of the intruders spoke in a gruff tone. 'You are summoned in the name of the Inquisition! Arise witch and cover yourself!' In a very low meek voice Eugenie trembled, 'But sirs....' 'Silence you whelp from hell or I will silence you myself!' replied the hooded figure as the groans of her husband who was laying on the floor in a fetal position clutching his groin could be heard in the background. Eugenie was shaking almost uncontrollably in fear as she stood up using the blanket to cover herself. As she moved towards the hearth where her clothes hung, one of the hooded figures snatched her covering from her. Eugenie cried out and tried to cover her naked parts with her hands and arms while the hooded figures snickered.

 Two the hooded men took Horace's pantaloons and were roughly pulling them up his legs as Eugenie, who was wearing only a course fabric frock was led from the room. In the anteway she saw Shelly with a brank placed over her head with blood dripping from her mouth where the tongue piece thrust down her throat. The poor girls eyes were starting from their sockets as tears ran down her cheeks as she suffered in obvious pain.

 The two women were taken to an enclosed cart and placed in the small confined space. The door on the back of the cart was slammed shut and barred as Eugenie could hear the anguished cries of her husband following several strong thumps as if a sack of grain were being struck by a cudgel. There was more noise and shuffling at the back of the cart, but in the dark confined space that held Eugenie and her servant, nothing could be seen, but much could be imagined.

 With a start the cart began to move and the hurried steps of someone outside could be plainly heard in the dark compartment. Eugenie's hands found her servant who was gagging occasionally as the brank caused her fits. On and on the cart drove over cobbled roads and after a while it sounded as if a dead weight were being dragged from the back of the bouncing horse drawn cart. Eugenie and Shelly held each other in their arms shivering in the cold and fear that racked their slender bodies.

 Then the shouts of men could be heard as the cart finally stopped. An order was heard to, 'Take him away!' before many minutes of silence passed. After what seemed to be an eternity, the back of the cart was opened and Eugenie quickly felt a pair of hands grab her ankles and pull her towards the door. She tried to hold on to Shelly, but it was useless. Eugenie found herself in the arms of the hooded figures who carried her off through a stone doorway. Down several sets of stairs went the hooded figures half carrying, half dragging the poor girl. As Eugenie was led down a putrid smelling corridor she began to retch and vomit at the odor and in fear. But the figures did not stop and cause her to rest as they threw her face down in a cell that measured no more than 4 x 6 feet with a ceiling of no more than 5 1/2 feet. Eugenie was in a state of sheer panic and pressed herself up against the far corner of the stone cell.

 Soon she could hear the noise of more people coming and with the weak illumination of the torches held by the hooded figures, she could make out the form of Shelly. Two figures unfastened the brank and pulled it from the maids bleeding mouth. A moan of agony came from deep within the poor girls throat while the spiked wheel again ripped at her tongue as the device was pulled by her lips. Shelly was also thrown into the cell with Eugenie and jumped with a start as she realized she was not alone.

 But as the door was closed with a creaking of the rusty hinges, Eugenie reached out to Shelly and pulled her close. Shelly tried to speak, but her tongue was already beginning to swell and the words came out as mumbles. Eugenie put her hand to Shelly's bloodied lips and cradled her in her arms.

 After a period of time a noise could be heard in the darkness, and then a squeak broke the silence. 'Rats,' thought Eugenie! There were rats in the cell with the poor girls. The scratching noise became louder and finally something with sharp claws ran over the legs of Shelly as she kicked and screamed in a fit of terror. For what seemed like hours or even days the girls fended off the rats which were attracted by the vomit covered clothes of Eugenie and the smell of blood from Shelly's frock. The girls actually managed to hurt one of the horrible creatures as they kicked it against the wall of the cell. They then listened in horror at the pitiful squeals of the creature as the other rats attacked the wounded animal and began to eat it alive.

 Time passed slowly in the dark. Every once and while a small hatch would be opened at the base of the door and bowl of water was pushed through the tiny crack. At times food would also be tossed into the cell. It wasn t much. A piece of dry, moldy bread or a thin porridge. For a while the girls refused to eat the offerings, but soon the pangs of hunger got the best of them and they forced down the rancid food.

 As days went on, the girls tried to make the best of their surroundings. They were only able to find things in the dark by feeling, but they made the best of things as they could. The corner at the right side of the door was used as the toilet after the girls discovered that the far corner drained into the area they had set aside for sleeping, which was covered with a lice infested layer of straw. They found steel rings were attached to the walls and one had a length of stout chain attached to it. While they hated the confines of this stone prison, they both knew it could be far worse.

 After what seemed like a month had passed, but in reality was only a week, the noise of several male voices could be heard outside of their cell door. As they huddled together in the darkness, the sounds were unmistakable as the door was unbolted and they pulled open. The light of a burning oil torch filled the tiny cell as thick black smoke rolled over the ceiling as the guard called, 'Out you two!' to the terrified girls.

 Eugenie went first, crawling on her hands and knees. As she exited the door the guards grabbed her hair and pulled her to her feet as she cried in pain and fear. Shelly was overcome with terror and froze in the back corner of the cell. One of the guards cursing went into the cell and pulled the terrified woman out by her legs. As Shelly was pulled to her feet the guard slapped her face several times almost knocking her senseless as retribution for making him enter the fetid cell.

 The girls arms were tied wrist to elbow behind their backs with a course rope which bit fiercely into their skin and they were led down the dank and smelly corridor off to the unknown. In route to their final destination, they passed many cells. Through the heavy bolted doors they heard the groaning of people in torment and agony. Down one side corridor they heard the sounds of a whip meeting flesh and the pained cries of the victim whose flesh was being torn by the leather thongs. In particularly narrow part of the passage they had to stand next to the wall as two guards dragged and unconscious woman whose loose sack frock was covered with fresh blood on the bodice and which dribbled from her feet having run down her legs. Eugenie and Shelly were so frightened that they were nearly unable to walk as their bodies quivered in fear. Then Eugenie strained to look down one particularly dark side passage as she heard a pained voice that sounded like her missing husband, but the guards just shoved her along the way.

 At last they entered a room with a large vaulted ceiling that draped in black cloth. They approached a table at which sat three men all clothed in dark robes. A cross was placed behind the men and off to the one side sat a scribe with quill and paper awaiting to record the events. The men at the table intently studied some papers and acted as if they hadn't noticed the arrival of the prisoners. After minutes had passed the central figure looked up, sighed, and addressed the two woman.

 'You have been brought before this holy body charged with the crime of witchcraft,' he said. Eugenie cried out, 'It's a lie!' as Shelly fell to her knees and began to beg for mercy. 'Silence!' the man cried out. 'We will determine your guilt or innocence as a witch cannot be trusted to speak the words of the truth. We will pray for your mortal souls and if you are infected by foul spirits we will free your soul from the eternal torment that you have endured.' To Eugenie, it sounded as if they had been already judged guilty and the images of past witch burnings that she had witnessed coursed through her brain. 'You will be submitted to the question to determine the truth before we pass final sentence on your mortal bodies. Now be off, we have important work to do,' and with a wave of his hand he dismissed the two. Eugenie tried to protest and insisted that she was not a witch, but the guard pulled her tied arms upward almost dislocating her shoulders on the spot and she cried out in agony as the pain raged through her shoulders and down through her chest.

 As they walked down the corridor from which they came, they stopped at a different cell and opened the door. One guard took Shelly, her arms still tied, and pushed her through the door. As Eugenie walked forward to enter the cell, she was blocked and the door was swung shut. Shelly cried out in terror now knowing that she was alone. Eugenie called words of encouragement to her servant as she was dragged further down the hall and placed into a small cell around the bend.

 As hours passed, each woman couldn't help but thinking about their fate. The rumors of the horrors of the inquisition and its torments were too frightening to comprehend. As Shelly cried and cowered in her cell, the guards could be heard approaching again. The door swung open and she was dragged from her prison cell as she wailed in torment and fear. So terrified was the poor woman that she had to be dragged down a dimly lit corridor until she came to a barred door. Looking inside a dimly torch lit room Shelly could see a man who was laying on the ground with blood flowing from where his cock and balls used to be. In the dimly lit background, the terrified girl could just make out a rail or post that jutted from the floor. As the guard grabbed Shelly's hair and forced her head to the bars, he spoke, 'Look here wench at the sot who has lost his precious manhood to the dragons tail. He lays there in agony with his private parts chewed by the device and left to suffer alone. This is your fate tomorrow unless you confess and give us the names of your familiars.' Shelly couldn't take her eyes off the naked figure who laid groaning on the stone floor clutching the wounds where his manhood had been. So panicked with fear was her soul that she fell to her knees and begged the guards for mercy, but all she heard in return were their evil laughs as they dragged her back to her cell.

 Eugenie was next to view the chamber of torment. As she was brought forth to a barred door, the horrible cries and shrieks of a woman filled the air. There she saw a poor old naked woman tied to a post while her tormentors pricked her wrinkled body with witch pins. Each prick forced a long needle device several inches into her body and caused the poor woman to cry out in the most horrible anguish that she thought was possible. The guard told her that if she didn't confess that pins and baskets would be her fate as he grabbed her left tit through her limp sack dress. Eugenie just froze in fear and let the guard explore her body with his hands until he pulled her back down the hallway by her long blond hair.

 As Eugenie tried to gain her feet she saw her husband, Horace being carried down a side corridor. He was barely conscious and his back was bloody and marked from a severe flogging. His legs were greatly bruised an abraded from when he was dragged tied behind the cart that took them all to this wretched prison. Eugenie cried out to him, but he could only lift his head in response so great was his pain. The guard then pulled her upward and with an evil smirk told Eugenie that if she confessed now, she may be able to save her poor husband from the strappedo tomorrow.

 Eugenie burst into tears and wailed in mental auguish for the final few steps it took to reach her cell. Then with the strength of an ox, the guard picked the poor woman up and threw her into the cell before slamming the door and leaving her in the dark. Poor Eugenie spent the night crying in her cell hearing the screams and cries of people in torment and the groans of those in nearby cells who endured the most horrible things that anyone could imagine.

 Shelly spent the night huddled in her cell. While she was exhausted and tried from time to time to sleep, every time she drifted off the rats in her cell would bite at her ankles. Her arms and shoulders began to ache and then throb with a dull pain as she was left tied with her hands behind he back secured wrist to elbow. As time went on, her breasts began to hurt as the pressure extended to her chest muscles. Every sound in the corridor sent her into panic. While she couldn't clearly picture the Dragon's Tail, she couldn't get the scene of the castrated man laying on the stone floor moaning in agony.

 Finally, Shelly began to hear more noise in the corridor of doors slamming and guards shouting. The access hatch at the bottom of the heavy cell door was opened and a bowl of gruel, a dry piece of bread and flagon of water were placed inside her cell. While she was hungry, with her arms contorted behind her back, eating or drinking were impossible. But in a short period, the door swung open and a guard approached the cowering young woman with a knife. Shelly cried out, 'No........please,' as the man approached her. He grabbed her hair and spun her around as she wailed into the darkness of her cell. The guard cut her bonds and tossing her the floor told her to eat and drink as it may be while before she returned to her prison cell.

 Shelly had wanted the ropes that tied her arms cut off all night. Now she wasn't so sure. As blood began to flow into her stiff limbs, the pain in her arms, shoulders and breasts began to increase to the point where she cried in agony as tears rolled down her pretty face. Finally, she was able to pick up the cold gruel and using her fingers pushed the sour paste into her mouth. The bread was so hard she couldn't eat it, but that didn't prevent the rats from fighting over it. The water was coated with scum and Shelly used her fingers to clear the surface of the flagon before downing the entire jug to quench her thirst.

 After she had eaten, she returned to the far corner of the cell and huddled next to the wall. Every sound terrified her whether it was the clank of a door or the screams of some poor man or woman being tortured in the most horrible ways. Then she heard voices just outside of her cell door. Shelly started to breathe hard and every muscle in her body tensed in anticipation. When the door creaked open, three hooded figures entered her cell with a torch. The poor young woman began to say, 'No.......have mercy........no' over and over again as they pulled her by her arms and hair from the chamber and dragged her down the corridor.

 At last they came to the cell where Shelly was shown the Dragon's Tail the night before. She wailed as if in agony as she was dragged into the chamber and door closed behind them. On the floor, still wet, was a puddle of blood from the man she saw less than 12 hours ago. A trail of blood streamed from the pool of reddish brown liquid to the door where the poor creature had been dragged off. Shelly strained her eyes to see the instrument of torment she could barely make out the night before, but it had been covered from top to bottom with a tarp.

 All she saw in the room was a heavy wooden chair placed against one wall and a stained straw mattress. Shelly began to scream and struggle as two of the hooded figures began to remove her sack dress, but a blow to her stomach knocked the wind out of her and as she collapsed on the floor they were able to strip her with ease.

 The hooded figures stood and admired the subject of their attention as the torches flickered in the chamber shedding an eerie light upon the room and its inhabitants. Shelly was a beautiful young woman of just 20 years. A petite thing, she stood only 5' 1' and had moderately small and well separated breasts that were topped with a small brown nipples that stood up in the chill of the cell. A thick bush of pubic hair was spread between her legs. Her ass was almost boyish, but very tight.

 As she tried to cover herself, the figures picked her up and carried her over to the mattress. There, one figure held her arms over her head as the other held her leg, which was twisted off to the side. The final figure lifted up his robe revealing a throbbing erect penis, which with a single thrust was buried into her cunt. Shelly cried out as it felt as if her privates had ripped wide open and her hips bucked up and down at the assault. The figure grabbed her nipples and twisted them to the point where she though they had pulled from her mounds. Thrust after thrust impaled her body as his cock repeatedly hit her cervix sending pangs of pain throughout her abdomen. Finally she heard the figure grunt as the warmth of his semen filled her brutalized cunt. As he pulled out from her body, Shelly just quivered in pain and shame.

 The second figure moved into position and began to enter her tormented hole. His entry was easier as the cum provided a certain amount of lubrication. But his thrusts were so violent and his treatment of her breasts so crude and painful that she found it worse that the first assault. Finally, he came and as he pulled his cock from her cunt, she could see that it was coated with white cum and streaks of fresh blood.

 Then the third figure moved between her legs. This person had a lesser build and Shelly figured it to be the form of a young teenage boy. But this figure pulled a wooden phallus from the pocket of the long black robe and moved toward the shaking young woman. She feared the device in her tormented cunt, but began to cry in utter terror as it was placed on her anus. Slowly, but with a steady almost brute force the object was forced up her ass. Shelly had never experienced such a horrible pain and plead for mercy as her body convulsed in agony. In and out the phallus was maneuvered up her ass until the assault stopped after 5 minutes of torment. With teary eyes Shelly looked at the hooded figure who was panting as hard as a bull.

 Without time for the poor woman to rest, she was hauled by her feet and dragged over to wooden chair. Once seated, a leather strap was placed over her shoulders, just glancing the tops of her bruised breasts, to secure her torso to the seat. More straps were added that held her legs to each chair leg, leaving her cunt exposed. Her arms were secured to the arms of the chairs and her hands were secured by straps that went over wrists. Shelly couldn't help but notice that her hands fit into carved depressions that separated her fingers. Finally, an iron cage was placed over her head and it too was secured to the high back of the chair with two large bolts. When the fiends were finished, the poor woman could barely move and escape was impossible.

 Then the first hooded figure spoke, 'Admit you are a witch and save us the trouble of your question. Speak now and tell us who your familiars are and testify against them so that we may rid the entire village of your kind. Speak now and seek redemption and you will be shown the way to salvation.' He continued, 'Speak now and you will be able to witness the skins of your coven stripped from their bodies. Tell us now so that we may purify their souls by putting them to the cleansing fire. Seek the redemption of their cries as the fire seers their pagan flesh and turns it to ash.' Shelly just sobbed uncontrollably while she listened to the words.

 She finally spoke in a quiet and meek voice, 'I am not a witch nor is my mistress. I know of no witches and have nothing to repent as I have done no wrong. Please don't hurt me and drive my soul to despair. I am innocent of all that is said. Please kind sirs, believe me for what I say is the truth.' The guard mocked her statement and turned to the others and said, 'Let us begin to make this witch confess the truth.'

 The second hooded figure went to a small notch in the stone wall and took out an object. As he approached the prisoner from the shadows, Shelly could see it was a pair of pliers. The poor woman began to cry and plead for mercy as the other figure took a piece of wood and placed it over the fingers of her right hand. Then the pliers were brought to her fingers. When the questions were asked again, Shelly cried out, 'I am not a witch.' The pliers then grasped the nail on her index finger and pulled it back from her slight hand. As the nail was pealed back, Shelly cried out as her body shivered in pain. Then with slow, steady pressure, the nail was twisted out of her finger and tossed into her lap. Shelly cried as the pain from her bloody finger tip raced up and down her arm.

 Time and again the questions were asked and each time the poor woman refused to confess. After an hour of torment, all fingernails had been pulled from her right hand. Shelly pleaded for the hooded figures to kill her, but they just laughed and reminded her that they had just begun. After she was given some sour wine mixed with water, the torture continued on her left hand. One by one the nails were twisted out her fingers and tossed into her lap, where several rested on her sticky pubic hair.

 Poor Shelly was hoarse from screaming, but she was thankful that with her nails removed, the torment was over, or so she thought. Then one of the figures moved and old tree stump to the base of chair and strained to put her foot in the carved slot on the top of the log. Shelly cried out as this forced her leg upwards and put horrible pressure on her knee joint. Then the pliers were used to grasp the nail on her big toe. Twisting back and forth, the nail was wrenched from her toe. This proved to be much more painful than the torment that had been inflicted on her hands. As the nail was ripped from her little toe, Shelly went into a faint.

 But she was revived when sour wine and water was poured down her throat which caused her to gag and cough in fits. The log was moved over a bit the torment was repeated on her other foot. As the nail was torn from her second toe, Shelly lost control and a strong stream of piss shot from her cunt and splashed against the insides of her legs.

 With the nails removed from her hands and toes, she knew that her torment had to be over. But the lesser of the hooded figures then approached her with new device of torment. It was a small metal tube that was engraved with the figure of a dancing devil. As Shelly pleaded, the tube was slipped over the index finger of her right hand. Then slowly, the hooded figure moved the device up and back until screaming in agony the poor woman's finger was dislocated at the socket with a loud pop. One after another, her fingers were dislocated until her hands were a contorted mess of twisted appendages. Shelly's eyes rolled in her head as the one of the hooded figures approached her with a bucket and pulled something from it with his gloved hand. Then in a flash he pressed his hand against her bleeding finger tips. Shelly's body convulsed in agony as the salt penetrated her wounds and she lost control of her bowels as the smell of shit filled the chamber.

 She could barely muster the voice to plead, 'no....' when the salt was rubbed into her other hand. With a gasp, she fainted in pain and her body went limp. Attempts to revive her were unsuccessful and after the surgeon was called and examined her, the decision was made to suspend the torture for the day. The limp bloody, filthy body was untied and dragged back to a cell where it was dropped naked on the dank stone floor.

 As noon approached, Eugenie was summoned from her cell. The guards roughly dragged her down the corridor as her stiff limbs tried to keep up with rapid pace of the guards. There trip took them down several dank corridors until they came to a vaulted room at the end of a side passageway. This was one of two main torture chambers and the blue haze of the oil torches gave the room a very scary appearance.

 As Eugenie was ushered into the chamber, a familiar figure came into view. It was Horace who was in a set of stocks on the far end wall. Eugenie tried to call to him, but a sharp slap across her face silenced her speech. Three robed and hooded figures approached the terrified woman who could only manage to squeak in fear. The two larger figures grabbed the woman and one produced a knife which was used to cut off her bonds. As her arms were freed, she shivered as pain flowed with the returning blood supply. Tears formed in Eugenie's eyes as the figures lifted her garment and then tossed it on the floor leaving her naked before them.

 Eugenie was a beautiful woman. She stood almost 5' 5' and had large breasts the size of grapefruit. Her hips were nicely wide and her butt was full and round. Light tufts of pubic hair covered her mound below her flat and trim stomach. The smaller robed figure reached forward and cradled her breasts which caused Eugenie to gasp in shame and fear.

 The larger hooded figure spoke, 'To the spider with her and let the show begin!' as he dragged her towards this implement of terror. The spider was really quite simple, yet caused horrible agony. An iron collar was placed around Eugenie's neck and fastened with a stout bolt. The collar was part of a longer metal shaft and it forced the poor girls head to bend forward to the point that her chin almost rested on her chest. Next her hands were fastened into the manacles along the iron bar. This brought her hands over her chest to where she almost looked as if she were praying. Finally, her ankles were locked into the slots at the end of the bar. This brought her knees up over her chest into almost a fetal position. A spreader bar was added between her knees to keep them well apart which added strain to her joints, and left her exposed and vulnerable. Those who where locked in the horrible position soon found that their abdominal and rectal muscles were stretched and the long term agony caused in the neither regions of the body was sheer hell.

 When Eugenie was secured in the spider, she was dragged to the middle of room and turned towards an arch in the center of one wall. The only thing the poor girl who was already feeling cramps in her ass and vagina could see was a single rope dangling from a pulley mounted in the ceiling.

 As the smaller figure put some more wood on the glowing hearth in the room, the other hooded tormentors took Horace from the stocks and pulled him on unsteady legs to the archway. He tried to speak words of support to his poor wife, but a quick kick to his balls sent him gasping on the floor as his wrists were tied behind his back.

 Once his hands were secured, the rope from the pulley was tied to his wrists and he was left to wallow on the floor with the pain still searing his groin. Then the first guard spoke to Eugenie, 'Now witch, will you confess to your crimes or do you care to watch your husband on the strappedo?' Eugenie only groaned in her own agony and didn't respond to the question. Then the first guard turned and spoke to Horace, 'You there naive, will you give witness against this witch so that she may be sent to the stake?' Horace with a grimace on his face replied, 'She is not a witch and I will see you in hell!' With a laugh, the first hooded figure said with relish, 'Begin the question!'

 Eugenie watched in horror as a figure in the distance turned a windlass which pulled the rope upwards. Horace scrambled to his feet as his arms were bent backwards and upwards until he stood on his tip toes with his arms pulled so far upwards that his shoulders were bulging and contorted under the strain. Horace groaned as the pain and throbbing in his shoulders became unbearable, His breathing was reduced to panting as his chest muscles were strained to the breaking point. And any movement on his part only the agony greater.

 With the flickering fire casting a darting light upon her husband, poor Eugenie cried in her own agony as well as his. She saw that his manhood was dark blue, almost black, from bruising and torment. His balls had swollen to the size of eggs in his purplish colored sack. His back was a myriad of stripes and gashes from the flogging he had received and his legs were covered with scabs and open sores from being dragged behind the cart to the place of torment. When Eugenie tried to call him words of encouragement, the smaller hooded figure kicked her in the most sensitive of places.

 Horace could barely look up but what he saw sent his soul into despair. There lay the body of his contorted wife in the instrument of terror. No matter what pain he had to endure, He could not condemn his wife to the fires of the stake to be burned alive as a witch.

 An hour passed and the groans of the two tortured souls filled the chamber when a loud 'CLICK-THUMP' echoed over the stone walls. And then again 'CLICK-THUMP' and Horace was the first to realize what was happening. Very slowly, the rope was being winched higher still. As the pressure on his arms and shoulders increased a low groan came from deep within his throat. In seconds, Horace found himself bent over so sharply that he lost his footing and the full weight of his body was placed on his twisted shoulders. He cried in agony as a shudder of pain swept through his person. Eugenie began to plead, 'Please...' but she was cut short by a sharp kick to her cunt which left her gasping in pain.

 Slowly, Horace was lifted off of his feet and left dangling in air. His shoulders looked horribly distorted and his face was red with tears flowing down his cheeks. A moan of anguish repeatedly came from his mouth as the others watched on. The hooded figures again tried to get Horace to witness against his wife, but he remained silent. Poor Eugenie could only watch in horror as her husband hung in torment.

 After 30 minutes, but which seemed like an eternity for Horace, the hooded figures gave a nod and the rope was hauled further upward. Now Horace was suspended about 10 feet above the stone floor where he slowly twisted around and back and forth as he continually groaned in agony. Again the hooded figures questioned the poor man, but he remained silent on every point. Then one of the hooded figures said, 'Time is short for you my son. Speak now or I cannot be responsible for the anguish you will suffer. What you are feeling now is but child's play to what will come. Speak now and save yourself unbearable agony and disfigurement.' Horace only moaned in reply. Eugenie began to plead for mercy when she hear a loud thump and saw her husband fall. She screamed as she saw him fall, but her own shouts were overpowered by his own bellows as his drop was suddenly halted as the rope snapped tight. A loud 'POP' echoed through the chamber and Horace's arms jerked backwards and upwards as his shoulders were dislocated. His eyes were wide and sweat poured from every part of his body as his mouth remained opened in a silent scream of horrible pain.

 Horace swung on the end of the rope from side to side as Eugenie's sobs could be heard in the background. The hooded figures again and again tried to get Horace to witness against Eugenie, but either he remained silent or answered their questions with the most foul curses. With a wave of the hand, the hooded figure had Horace hauled again to the top of the vault. Eugenie let out a pitiful wail as his wrenched body slowly ascended. One last time the questions were posed to Horace but he just cursed a reply and then the rope was released. Horace fell like a rock until the rope drew taught and jerked to stop his descent. Horace screamed as the ligaments and tendons were ripped from within his arms and shoulders. His bladder emptied onto the stone surface below him and finally nature took over and he fainted to the pain.

 Eugenie cried as they lowered him and tried to revive him so that the torment could continue. To be sure that he was not faking his faint, one tormentor took a glowing iron and put it to his nipple, but as the iron sizzled and blue smoke rose up from his blackened skin, no response was given. The guards were called and dragged him by his wretched arms out of the chamber.

 Now all attention was drawn to Eugenie who was under great duress in the grasp of the spider. As the device was removed from her body, she cried as pain flooded her soul with the return of circulation to her bent limbs. Her arms and legs were so stiff she could not stand and so was dragged over to an interrogation table and strapped down face up with her hands over her head and legs spread wide apart. The two larger hooded figures let their hands roam over her helpless body. They especially liked to pinch her nipples and claw at her breasts which were so large as to hang towards the side of her body. Then one figure picked up a pair of pliers and moved it to her crotch. Questions were shouted at the poor girl as her head spun in daze and all she could do was respond in a litany of 'No.......no.......no,' until her repetitions were broken by a piercing scream as the pliers grabbed a swatch of pubic hair and pulled it from her cunt. Three more swatches of hair were pulled from her privates before the smaller figure waived the two other monsters off.

 With an almost dainty hand, the small hooded figure took a position next to the poor girl whose eyes were red and swollen with tears and pain. Again the questions were thrown at the woman and again she begged for them to believe that she wasn't a witch until in frustration the one figure yelled, 'Basket her!' and stormed out of the chamber with other tormentor. Now poor Eugenie was left alone with the slighter figure who hovered over her body and massaged her tits.

 Eugenie watched as the figure went over to a notch in the wall and returned with a small wooden box. Panic invaded the poor girl as she watched the dark figure pick up a large needle, almost 9 inches long and took a course twine made from leather weed and threaded the horrible device. Then as the hooded figure reached up and removed the black sinister hood, Eugenie gasped in horror and amazement. The figure of torment was a young woman, a beautiful young woman no older than herself. Eugenie in a quizzical voice asked, 'Why?' but the torture maiden only smiled as she mounded Eugenie's left breast onto her chest.

 Slowly the needle was placed at the bottom of Eugenie's breast where it joined the chest. Then it was slowly inserted into and through the base of her tit until it came out the opposite side with a slight spurt of blood. Eugenie grimaced in pain, but was determined not to scream, that was until the course twine was drawn through the wound and pulled from the other side. Eugenie screamed loud and long and her breasts jiggled as her body reacted to the pain. The figure didn't say anything and kept watching her poor helpless victim as she tied a loop in the twine, inserted the needle through it, and with a slow steady pressure pulled the string taught through the skewered breast. So tight was the twine drawn that by the time the torture maiden tied it off, poor Eugenie's breast looked like it had been divided in half.

 The prisoner cried in a pained wail as she saw the torture maiden pick up another piece of twine and thread it threw the needle. This time the needle entered Eugenie's tit from the side and as the string was drawn through the wound, the poor woman bucked on the table and strained at her bonds. Now as the string was drawn tight and tied off, it looked as if the poor woman's boob was divided into fourths.

 Again and again the painful needle was drawn through Eugenie's left breast dividing it into eighths and again into sixteenths. The twine was tied so tight that it seemed to disappear into the pillowly expanse of her tit, which now was taking on a deep red hue. The pain was horrible and every piece of twine passed over her nipple which was savagely compressed.

 As the torture maiden moved to the other side of the table, Eugenie could only wail in anticipation of the mistreatment of her other breast. It didn't take long for the process to start and with a continual evil smile the right breast was skewered in the same fashion as the left. While the passage of the dull needle was painful enough, about half-way through the torment of her right tit, she noticed that the pain from her left breast was increasing. As she looked at her tormented tit, she could see that the twine was cutting deeper into her boob as her tender tissues swelled and the twine shrunk in size.

 Just as the last knot was tied on final piece of twine, the other figures could be heard returning down the corridor. The young woman quickly put back on her black hood and stood back as the other two robed figures entered the chamber. They admired and laughed at the twine baskets that now enveloped the prisoners breasts and poor girl cried in the pain of increasing agony to her precious tits.

 Then the figures released her from the table, but poor Eugenie wasn't done. The tossed her face down onto her tormented and swelling tits and pried open her legs. Then one after another, the two large figures raped her ass while the female torture maiden stood off to the side moaning as her hands were busy underneath her robes. As a small trickle of blood flowed from her punished ass, Eugenie was dragged off and tossed naked into a cell. As she landed, her head struck the floor and the dark space began to circle around as she lost consciousness while the noise of scurrying rats filled her ears.

 Shelly woke up her dark cell in utter agony. Her toes had swollen and she found it impossible to put any weight on her feet. The poor girl's hands looked like twisted cord wood. Every finger was swollen and bent and she found it impossible to even clean herself after natural acts. No matter what position she assumed it was if it were impossible not to strike some throbbing and painful part of her body. Even though she was starved and could hear the rats eating something in the cell, she knew there was no way for her to feed herself without moving and causing her more unbearable pain.

 All through the night the tormented woman fatigued from her ordeal would begin to drift off into peace giving sleep, only to be started awake by a sharp pang from her feet, hands, or the scurry of a rat running over her body. Naked and cold, she shivered as she laid on the dank clammy floor.

 It seemed as if she had just fallen to sleep when the loud clank of her cell being opened drove her from the refuge of dreams. Two burly guards entered her cell with a torch for illumination. 'Arise harlot, we're not done with you yet,' shouted one of the men. Poor Shelly began to beg for mercy, but the jailers grabbed her by the shoulders and began to drag her out the door. Shelly screamed and convulsed in agony as her toes were dragged across the rough stone surface causing them to bleed again. The guards went so fast that the tormented woman couldn't get her feet under her and so she desperately tried to hold her legs up ever so slightly to keep them from dragging along the ground. She cringed at the route that was taken that led her back to the hell pit that contained the dragons tail.

 As she was brought into the cell she cried hysterically fearing that she couldn't take much more and would be made to witness against her mistress. Little in the cell had changed since her last visit. Even her twisted nails were still scattered about on the floor. The guards threw her to floor which caused her instinctively put her hands out in front of her to break her fall. But as her twisted fingers hit the pavement, she howled in torment and rolled on her side in the fetal position as she wailed like a banshee.

 Then the three robed and hooded figures approached her. The larger of the figures shouted the all too familiar questions at her. But all Shelly could do was wail and plead for mercy. Through tear blurred eyes, she watched in horror as the two other figures pulled a large metal hoop from the wall and walked towards the girl.

 The barrel hoop was another simple yet very effective form of torture. As the hoop was placed under the back of the trembling and pleading woman, her legs were drawn up tight to her chest. Then her arms were folded over her lower legs and with all the strength the two larger hooded figures could muster, the ends of the hoop were closed as the small figure passed a bolt through the ends of the hoop and made it fast.

 Poor Shelly was severely compressed and contorted in this horrible device. Her knees were thrust against her breasts, the right of which was twisted and painfully compressed. Her breathing was reduced to tiny pants and her inhalations were strained against the compression of the metal band, which pressed so hard into her back that she knew her backbone would soon break. She knew that her feet were slightly spread and the guards made lewd statements as her womanhood was parted and exposed. And then, hearing a commotion in another cell, all the figures rushed out the door and left poor Shelly alone and in horrible pain. Even if she shouted out the answers to condemn her Mistress, there was no one to hear them and remove the bonds that drove her to despair.

 Time seemed to have stood still for the poor girl. The sounds of the dungeon all ran together in the tormented woman's head. Even the pain of her ripped and broken fingers and toes became unnoticeable as she struggled with the new pain in her shoulders, hips, and back. Panic started to set in as the poor woman found it increasingly difficult to breathe and she cried out in a scratchy voice for release. Just as she had about given up hope, sounds could be heard coming toward her cell. The three hooded figures entered the cell and the larger of the group again shouted questions that rang throughout the stone walls. Shelly sobbed and meekly pleaded for mercy, but none was forthcoming. The figures turned and began to walk out of the cell, when Shelly in a raspy voice begged for water. Amazingly, the smaller figured turned and began to walk back to Shelly as the other two figures disappeared out into the corridor. Shelly watched in dread as the figure approached her, but then passed as it walked to the far end of the cell. The splash of water and gurgling sound made Shelly gasp in relief as she felt that the first act of mercy, a drink of water, was coming her way. If this kind figure would quench her thirst, then surely it would listen to reason and release her from the horrible hoop that contorted her slender body. In a quiet litany, the poor woman began to chant, 'Bless you....Thank-you....Bless you.'

 But as the small hooded figure came back into sight, Shelly gasped horror, for in the hands of the hooded demon was the bellows used to stoke the fire in the hearth, and it was dripping with water. The end of the black sooty bellows was slowly thrust towards the poor girls mouth. Shelly gasped a sigh of relief as a slow dribble of water was directed into her mouth and feeling that there was mercy to be shown, the maid drank and quenched her horrible thirst. After she had taken her fill, Shelly began to thank the hooded figure as it turned toward her feet. Shelly watched as the figure turned in what the poor girl thought was an acknowledgment of her thanks when the sharp eyes of the figure seemed to blaze through the holes in the hood and cut through the soul of her tormented being.

 In a single sudden thrust, the end of bellows was pushed up the bound girls ass. Straining with all the demons might, the bellows was crushed sending a powerful stream of water deep into Shelly's bowels. Shelly felt pain like nothing she had ever felt before as her bowels were stretched to the breaking point while the water filled her gut. Shelly wanted to scream out in agony, but the pressure placed on her lungs by the expanding mass in her abdomen made it impossible to get air. The veins stood out in the tormented woman's neck and her eyes nearly jumped from their sockets.

 As the hooded demon removed the rough wooden tube from her anus, dark brown smelly water shot across the room as her bowels violently contracted to rid themselves of the flood. As more water was expelled, Shelly began to catch her breath, but she was left in pool of slimy body wastes which attacked every sense of decency left in the poor maid.

 The two other robed figures returned to the room and were beset by the sight. With a sharp wave of the hand, the figure with the bellows was summoned from the room as the guards were ordered to clean the mess. Shelly gave thanks and the guards removed the constricting band from her body and she prayed that relief be forthcoming for her torment soul. But the pain got worse as blood returned to her limbs and as the guards threw buckets of water to rinse the filth away, the poor woman rolled on ground in agony.

 The guards left Shelly, naked on the cold wet floor as she trembled in pain and agony. She felt the need to release her bowels, but she made great efforts to keep herself under control, not wanting to soil herself again. Shelly prayed constantly for a miracle to save her from these torments that had to be worse than those of hell.

 Several hours passed and finally the guards and robed figures returned to the cell. Shelly cried out in fear as the robed figures again assaulted her with questions, but the poor girl still refused to send her Mistress to the stake to be burned alive. Then in absolute horror, the poor maid watched as the guards removed the tarp that covered the most fiendish of instruments, the Dragon's Tail.

 Two guards grabbed the hysterical woman and carried her to the device as another lit a torch and carried it to provide illumination to show her the instrument of torture. In a wail of despair and agony, Shelly could only say, 'No.....no.......no,' as the device became plainly visible for the first time.

 The Dragon's Tail was first used in Spain, but its fame (or infamy) soon spread. At one end, a post was set in the floor with its top almost six feet off the ground. A long wooden beam extended from the post almost 12 feet and was hinged on the post. At the other end of the beam, a rope was connected to a pulley which could be used to raise or lower the end thus increasing or decreasing the angle of the beam.

 But what caused Shelly to cringe in horror was the beam itself. It was only about an inch and a half wide and was made of rough hewn wood. About three feet from the post, small bits of sand were fixed to its top surface with melted rosin. Further down the beam, the sand gave way to gravel and then to even larger pieces of sharp broken pottery. About half way down the beam, sharp thorned flower branches were visible and then were woven into even a thicker mass of thorns over 1 inch long. Over its entire length, a brown stain of blood was visible and from one of the larger thorns hung the shriveled rotting mass that once was a man's testicle.

 With a grating the noise the beam was raised to a level position and poor girls hands were tied behind her back, wrist to elbow. Shelly tried to kick free of her guards but they easily overpowered her and thrust her down upon the beam near the post, making her legs straddle the horrible device. Two large stones were tied to her legs and the guards stood back, admiring their handiwork.

 The robed figure spoke, 'You know woman what this device can do. Speak now and send your mistress to the flames or suffer the pain that will rip your most sensitive parts apart. Tell us now before it is too late. Time is very short for your salvation.' And with those words, the lesser of the hooded figures approached the windlass and dropped the end of the beam several inches as Shelly screamed in terror of her upcoming fate.

 Again the end of the beam was dropped and slowly, almost imperceptibly at first, Shelly began to slide downward. She cried out and tried to prevent her downward movement, but it seemed that any movement she made just drove her faster towards the imbedded sand. Finally her senses came back and she sat still, enduring the pain of her entire weight combined with that of the stones which rested on her tender skin between her legs.

 The slender hooded figure moved once again and the end of the beam dropped lower. Shelly now slid until her womanly lips rasped into the sand. The pain that abraded her tender parts made her shiver in agony as she could only gasp in reaction as her head slowly swung from side to side. While her movement was very slow, it couldn't be stopped as the blood trickled from her private regions down the beam as she slid into the gravel layer. The gravel ripped and tore at what used to be every mans attention, but her eyes were focused on the thorns that lay ahead as sweat covered her body and pain rode up and down her spine.

 While Shelly was to engrossed in her own agony to notice, foot steps could be heard rapidly approaching down the corridor. A messenger handed the large robed figure a scroll as Shelly descended into the sharp bits of broken pottery and began to cry out as piss dribbled from the beam and pooled with streaks of her blood on the floor below.

 The robed figure cursed and threw the scroll to the ground and as he stormed out of the cell trailed by the other figures, an amazing note rang in Shelly's ears, 'Release her and bring her to the first level for an audience with the surgeon.' Slowly, the guards cut the stones from Shelly's legs and took her from the beam. With horrible pain throbbing between her legs, Shelly sighed as her prayers appeared to be answered.

 Shelly was carried up to the first level of the dungeon. There she was placed in a cell on a semi-clean straw mattress. The surgeon soon entered her cell and put a healing poultice between her legs. Although it burned fiercely at first, it soon soothed her tormented flesh. The surgeon also gave her some bitter tasting liquid that made her head swim. Then as Shelly bounced in and out of consciousness, the doctor set her dislocated fingers the best he could and bandaged her fingers and feet before he left. Shelly slept all night in drug induced sleep relatively free of pain for the first time in days.

 Horace spent the night in agony. His shoulders were hunched together and swollen. The poor soul's upper chest and back were a myriad of blue, purple, yellow and red hues. His arms were useless and he found taking anything than the smallest of breaths caused his chest to burn and ache in the most horrible fashion. Even his neck was so stiff he couldn't move his head without great effort and pain.

 To make matters worse, his cock and balls were badly bruised and swollen. Poor Horace had to strain to pass even a few dribbles of piss and his overfilled bladder caused him great discomfort with shooting pains running from his groin to his back and kidney area.

 If Horace was in agony, it was nothing compared to horror that Eugenie was suffering. The twine through her breasts had shrunken to less than half its original length while her flesh had swollen to several times its original size. The ever shrinking twine was starting to cut through her skin slicing her breasts into ever smaller wedges as if they were balls of cheese. For her, sleep was out of the question and she could only lay and groan in her dark, slimy cell as the rats scurried about her naked body.

 As morning came, all three prisoners were given sustenance. Shelly was given an oat porridge that was actually edible and a flagon of poor, but drinkable wine. But Horace and Eugenie were only given dry, rock hard bread and water that was filthy. Neither one of them could eat, but the rats fought over the bread. Eugenie drank a little water, but it was so foul it almost made her vomit on the spot. Horace didn't even think about drinking water as his bladder was so full it felt like it would burst at any time and his cock was so swollen that urination of any kind was nearly impossible.

 About noon, the guards came and tossed a course sack dress into Shelly s cell. The poor girl slowly crawled from beneath the rag that was her blanket and put on the covering to hide her nakedness. Around 2-o'clock, the guards returned for the woman. Because her feet were so badly swollen and still caused her horrible pain, one guard scooped her up and carried her to the room where her first hearing was held in what seemed to be a different lifetime many years ago. She looked at the ominous table where the figures had sat before casting her into the hell of the dungeon. The cross still stood behind the table and she gave a short prayer before she heard the sound of footsteps approaching.

 Solemn figures moved behind the table again as the scribe also took his position. Then a familiar voice called out, 'My child, what have then done to you?' as Shelly looked up and saw her father entering the large vaulted room. He stood next to the chair where she had been placed and whispered into her ear, 'Be still and do nothing for I have arranged your freedom. In the name of God, do this for me and your mother as we have little time to flee this horrid place. '

 Then Shelly heard some more familiar voices, but their tune was one of agony and torment. Horace was dragged into the chamber by his dislocated shoulders and Eugenie, pale and in horrible torment was led into the vaulted room by a guard pulling her by the hair and occasionally slapping her bursting breasts.

 As Eugenie and Horace were cast into the dock in front of the dark table, the first Inquisitor spoke, 'Harlot from hell, the testimony by your maid confirms your witchery.' Shelly began to protest but her father put his hand over her mouth and scolded her to be quiet for the sake of their entire family. Eugenie knowing her fate had been sealed began to cry as the Inquisitor continued. 'It is the decision of this body that on tomorrow's morn that you be burned alive at the stake.' As Horace heard the verdict, he began to protest, but a guard struck him with a cudgel in the groin and he crumpled on the floor in gasping pain. 'And as for you naive, it is the decision of this body that for hiding a witch and copulating with the devil's bride that before the sun sets this day, you will be taken to the yard of torments and have your body put under a slow saw after which you will be left hanging on the post as a warning to others and to nourish the vermin.' Eugenie let out a scream as she heard her husbands sentence and blurted out to the court that her witchcraft had made him do it. But the guards quickly moved into position and dragged the helpless souls from the chamber.

 Shelly was stunned and tears ran down her cheeks as she heard the sentences pronounced. One of the robed figures spoke to her father, 'Your contribution to the coffers of the church has helped us send this witch to the stake. But as you are now destitute, we advise you and your family to leave this area so as not to become a burden on the fine people of this village.' 'It will be done at once,' said Shelly's father. Then the figure addressed Shelly. 'Your testimony has been most helpful, the hooded demon said. But it's delay has been most unfortunate and caused us to waste much time. While you are innocent of the charges of witchery, your hesitation to come forward with the truth cannot go unpunished.' Shelly's father began to protest, but then thought better of his actions. The hooded figure then spoke to a guard, 'Give her 20 lashes before you set her free.' Shelly wailed in terror as her father tried to comfort her by telling her it soon would be all over.

 Three guards quickly hustled the poor crying girl to a heavy wooden post near the edge of the chamber. In a well practiced fashion, one guard stripped the trembling girl of her meager clothing as her father turned his head in same and embarrassment. Her hands were tied together at the wrists and the pain was renewed in her damaged hands as the ropes were made fast. As the one guard pulled the rope connected to her wrists through a pulley which stretched her hands high above her head, the two other guards each grabbed her by the knees and shoulders and lifted her from the ground parting her legs. Then Shelly screamed in terror as she saw on the whipping post a peg about 10 inches long and perhaps two inches wide pointing upwards on a 60 degree angle.

 The poor girl pleaded with her jailers as her privates were positioned over the peg and she was allowed to drop into position supported only by the peg now wedged deep up her cunt and her hands now pulled high above her head. One guard when over to the wall and selected a well used cat-o-nine tails and waived it through the air as he approached the helpless girl.

 As he took up his position, Shelly looked back over her shoulder in horror as his raised the whip and swung it with all his might. The tails of the cat cut across her shoulders and back and within seconds made red stripes that could be seen by all in the chamber. Shelly's legs danced upwards in reaction to the pain which caused the peg to drive deeper within her until it seemed as if the entire girls weight was resting on the tip of her cervix.

 The guard looked at the results of his first stroke and moved his position ever so slightly. With a whoosh in the air, the second cut landed parallel to the floor on her shoulder blades. But the pain that swept Shelly's body came not from her back, but from the side of her breast where the tips of the cat had curled around her body and dug into her tender tit. Three more strokes were given and all landed in the same spot. Small dots of blood were now visible on her back, but the side of her breast was covered with ugly blood blisters, a few of which had ruptured.

 As the guard raised the cat for the fifth time, he took aim at a new target, her dancing ass. The cat slammed into her bottom as her flesh jiggled and turned bright red. Her legs kicked in reaction to the pain as the girl screamed in agony. The guard re-adjusted his position and swung again. Again the cat struck her ass, but the tips of the whip curled around her hips and dug into the tender flesh just to the side of her pubic mound. Shelly jumped in reaction to the pain and it felt as if she had almost ripped the peg from her cunt as she twisted and turned in the most horrible of pain. After ten strokes of the cat had been given by one guard, the cat was handed to another who assumed his position on her other side.

 The blows were repeated in almost identical fashion and when the two burly guards were completed with the flogging, poor woman could only sob in reaction to the pain. Her father rushed to her side as the guards lifted her from the peg and released her arms. As she was pulled off the peg, a sliver of wood broke free and impaled one of her inner cunt lips sending her into convulsions of pain. Free of the blood tinged peg, she was placed in a cart and pulled to the entrance of the dungeon where she was dumped naked on the ground.

 Her father quickly picked the poor girl up and put her in the back of a cart that was loaded with the few remaining bits and pieces owned by the family. Her mother gasped as she saw the horrible bleeding welts on her back and ass, but wailed as she saw the broken bloody blisters that covered the sides of her tits. With a slap of the reigns, the cart lurched forward and quickly left the village never to return.

 Meanwhile, preparations were made for the execution of Horace. News of the event spread quickly in the small village and crowd soon gathered in the plaza. The poor man tried to fight off his jailers he was dragged towards two upright posts set deep into the ground. The crowd watched in awe and morbid fascination as the ankles of the naked man were tied to ropes and he was hung upside down between the heavy wooden timbers. His hands were then lashed into place and Horace screamed and cursed at the hooded figures that carried a long two handled timber saw towards the poor man.

 Standing on two solid blocks of wood, the two larger hooded figures took their positions and placed the saw between the upturned legs of the condemned man. As the teeth of the saw rested on the tender skin between the mans balls and ass, he groaned and shivered in agony. Then the saw was slowly drawn towards Horace's front and immediately the upside down figure howled in the worst agony that anyone could imagine. The teeth of the saw cut about a half an inch into his flesh and ripped open the base of his scrotum while also tearing his asshole open. A trickle of blood slowly ran down between the poor mans ass cheeks and then trailed down his back.

 After a minute had passed, the saw was drawn toward Horace's back and he erupted into cries of pain as his body convulsed within the bonds. As the teeth of the saw began to chew through his pubic bone, his balls were ripped by the metal monster and the crowd gasped in horror. Another minute passed and the saw was pulled forward again. This time the saw cut deeper into the screaming figure tied between the posts. The teeth of the blade ripped into his bladder and a gusher of yellow liquid mixed with blood shot up against the saw and ran down over his back and chest. His scrotum was cut in half and his pinkish balls were hanging down on either side of the blade. Sweat poured from every part of his body as the torment continued.

 When the saw was finally pushed back again, the teeth of horrible instrument snagged the cord of his left testicle and pulled it back to where it hung from a slender threat of flesh dangling over his ass. Blood now covered the man from crotch to head and as the warm liquid ran down from his wounds, it covered his wailing and pained face and dripped to the ground from his matted hair. His whole body convulsed so fiercely that some in the crowd thought that he would surely break his bonds and fall head first to the ground. Horace at this point could only let out a low groan in agony.

 The slender hooded figure walked behind the prisoner and grabbed his dangling testicle. The small hands of the figure seemed to fondle the organ, before it ripped the small orb from Horace's body and tossed it on the ground. But so great was the bleeding figures torment, that he hardly seemed to notice the partial castration.

 In time, the saw was drawn forward and Horace gasped and gurgled as body seemed to flop backwards and forwards in mid-air. The crowd gasped as they saw that the teeth of the woodman's blade had snagged part of his rectum and had pulled an 18 length of bowel from his wounds, leaving it hanging in a limp loop from the saw while blood dripped from it onto the tormented man's face. His penis too was fully severed with this cut and fell to the ground before his eyes.

 As the saw was pushed backwards through his wounds, the piece of hanging intestine stayed with the blade and was pushed through the gaping wound in his groin coming out the other side. Now the loop was greater and over two feet of bowel had been pulled from the screaming man's abdomen.

 As the saw was pulled forward, the piece of bowel fell free from the blade and landed with a plop on the mans back. The cut had progressed to within a few inches of his navel and he bellowed like a dying bull begging the figures to speed the cut and release him from his earthly bonds.

 But the devils on the ends of the saw only laughed and rocked the device between cuts back and forth in his wounds which caused him great torment. As the saw was pushed back, it again snagged his bowel again and pulled another few feet from the groaning mans gut. The cut had now reached his navel and even though the figure was hanging upside down to provide a good blood supply to his brain during the torment and allow him to feel the maximum amount of pain, Horace began to turn pale.

 As the saw was pulled forward, it cut into his liver and spleen and a rush of blood poured from his wounds. Horace's body convulsed and with one last mighty scream that echoed throughout the plaza, he fainted as a woman in the crowd vomited and retched.

 With Horace unconscious and unable to be revived, the saw was passed constantly back and forth through his body. As the bloody teeth of the blade entered his chest it was diverted to one side by his breast bone. Although the executioners tried to restore its original path, they were unsuccessful and the blade finally cut through his shoulder splitting him in two gory pieces. While his internal organs fell to the ground, the crowd dispersed and from one side of the plaza barking a growling could be heard as a pack of dogs fought over part of Horace's liver.

 Eugenie laid in her horrid cell in utter agony as the twine binding her breasts was slicing her tits like segments of a melon. To make matters worse, some of the pieces of twine snapped under the pressure of her swelling tits which just doubled the strain on the remaining cords tearing through her flesh. She worried about her husband and prayed that he died quickly. As for her own end, she wasn't so sure.

 Eugenie remembered the first witch she saw burnt when she was only a little girl. Everything around her at that time seemed so unreal. She remembered playing with a small ball with some other children as the screams of the men and women being burnt alive filled the plaza.

 She also remembered the last witch burning she attended. This was only a few months ago and while she dreaded the idea of watching someone die, a morbid interest made her go and take in the spectacle. A middle aged woman was to be consumed in the fires that day and Eugenie remembered being mesmerised by the event. The naked woman was carried into the plaza on a rail. She was so weak from torture that she could barely keep her body upright on the wooden beam that was pummeling her privates with every step the guards took.

 Parts of her body were raw, as she was flayed in several area. Eugenie remembered clutching her own breasts as the woman turned and it was clear that the skin had been torn from her bosom like a grape that had been pealed. Coming from a family of considerable wealth, a payment had been made to insure a speedy death for the condemned woman. As she was secured to the stake, a rope was placed around her neck and tightened. Eugenie remembered the look on the woman's face as she was strangled. Her eyes looked straight forward and started from their sockets. Her tongue protruded from her lips as her face slowly turned blue and her eyes finally rolled back. The fire was lit, but there wasn't any screaming as the poor woman was already dead. In a half hearted dream, Eugenie wished that she would be so lucky the next day.

 The cries of torment in the dungeon no longer bothered Eugenie as they had the other nights of her internment. Resigned to her fate, she just wanted to get it over with and hoped that somehow, she could endure the pain until she could be with her husband again in paradise.

 As the sun rose, a crowd gathered in the plaza around the stake. Many of the preparations had been completed the night before and all that was needed was the prisoner. Finally, the cell door opened and the female hooded figure entered Eugenie's cell with a blazing torch. Eugenie cowered against the wall as the figure placed the torch in the sconce and removed the hood that covered her head. The woman approached Eugenie and began to stroke her head in a soothing fashion. Then without warning the robed torture maiden reached down and dug her fingers into Eugenie's breast and pulled several cords of twine through the tormented flesh leaving the tit ripped in half. As Eugenie wailed in agony, the figure didn't speak but only smiled. The hooded figure reached into her pocket and took out a small container of what appeared to be grease. The sticky mass was massaged into the condemned woman's pubic hair as Eugenie cringed in fear.

 Finally, Eugenie whispered in a very pained voice, 'Please, please as one of my own sex, grant me a blessing and do not let me feel the flames this morning.' The hooded figure only smiled and slapped Eugenie in the face leaving a black swath of grease on her cheek.

 Five guards entered the cell and roughly handled the poor woman as they bound her arms behind her back straining them to the point where Eugenie thought they would break. Then the condemned woman was dragged to a doorway where she saw the first rays of the sun that she had seen in days. The warmth of the sun felt good on naked body, but when the rail appeared carried by two men, Eugenie sank to her knees and offered the guards anything to keep her from feeling the flames. But they only laughed as they picked her up and dropped her to straddle the rail. Eugenie gasped and fell forward as the agony of her smashed clit ripped through her body.

 It was a short ride to the plaza and Eugenie could hear the noise of the crowd gathered to witness her painful execution. As she rode the rail into the plaza, cries of 'Witch, Witch!' echoed over the stone walls as Eugenie only sobbed in anguish and pain.

 The men carrying the rail dropped the beam and Eugenie fell to the ground like a rock. She landed in a strange fashion and from the pain in her leg, she knew that a bone had broken in the fall. But such minor things didn't stop the hooded executioners from going about their task. Eugenie was dragged to an iron post where the wood was piled except for a small passage way. From the post at a 90 degree angle came an iron bar which the poor woman was made to straddle with her legs off the ground as she faced the crowd. An iron belt was fastened around her waist and two iron manacles were fixed to her wrists and then made fast to the top of the post. Eugenie pleaded with the guards not to let her feel the flames, but they only mocked her and went about her business.

 As the executioners moved back, Eugenie screamed in terror as she saw two figures with burning torches approaching. She struggled at her bonds, but there was no chance for escape. While the poor condemned woman's eyes blurred with tears, a commotion broke out in the crowd and she could see the crowd parting to form an aisle, as if someone important were approaching. Straining to see and hoping for a savior, Eugenie cried in disappointment as an old woman approached. It was Mordrana, the village healer. In her hands she carried two sacks which she carefully cradled as she approached the condemned woman. Mordrana spoke, 'These are a gift of great spirit who helps you on your journey,' and with those word she hung two sacks of gunpowder around her neck and rested them on her bleeding chest.

 Mordrana turned and walked away as the crowd stood in silence. When the old woman was out of view a cry was heard from the far reaches of 'Burn the Witch!' and the men with the torches watched as the passageway to the stake was covered with more wood. The torch bearers walked behind Eugenie who tried to follow their movements but lost sight of them. As if on cue, the crowd grew silent, then Eugenie heard a snap, and then a crackle as the wood behind her was set on fire.

 Hearing the first crackles the fire, Eugenie screamed and pulled at her bonds. She pulled with all her might at the shackles that held her arms, but it was no use. When the poor girl felt the first heat of the flames on the back of her calves, she brought her legs upward to avoid the flames, even if the relief was only temporary. The crowd watched in silence as the poor girl struggled against the flames.

 Since the wood was left outside all night, it was coated with dew and the fire began to smolder. It was clearly hot enough to sear flesh, but at its present rate of burn it would mean a horrible and slow death for the poor girl. A cry was heard, 'More faggots, we need more faggots!' and dryer wood was thrown onto the fire.

 The fire was hot enough to heat the metal stake and soon the perch between Eugenie's legs began to burn her tenderest of areas. As much as she squirmed, she couldn't avoid the searing heat that was burning her cunt. A sudden gust of wind from behind the poor woman fanned the blaze and blew searing flames towards the poor girls legs and back. Eugenie wailed and screamed as the fire seared her flesh and blisters began to form all over her tender skin. Then the shocked crowd watched as her public hair burst into flame and burned like a candle fueled by the grease. Eugenie went mad with pain and pulled so hard that she was able to free one of her arms which grasped and hit at her burning privates.

 Another gust of wind fanned the flames further and set Eugenie's hair on fire. Then two loud bangs were heard as the two sacks of gunpowder exploded and ripped her chest open. Eugenie's head rolled from one side and then the other and then with a final gasp she died in the flames. For over an hour the fire blazed and consumed her body. A low fire was kept burning for several hours as most of her body was reduced to ashes. The crowd slowly began to leave the plaza as the smell of burning flesh penetrated everything in their midst. The season of the witch was over.

 The End.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jasper Ipgrieve(no email) 


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





