BDSM Library - My FUTHER torture




My FUTHER torture
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: 






My FUTHER torture
Hello to all. This is a letter written to My Mistress&#8217;s slave Miss Angie. She is slave for Mistress but for me she is also my Second Mistress. Mistress gave me orders to follow her every order like I follow hers.

She is very good and expert in giving pain. Once during our talk I don&#8217;t behave like a good slave, so Miss Angie disappointed from me. So to make Her happy and show that how sorry I am for my misbehavior, I conduct that punishment. This is an original letter and I do it in real. Hope you all like that letter.

A REQUEST TO ALL READERS THAT IF THEY HAVE MORE WAYS, BY WHICH I CAN GET MORE PAIN, IF SO PLEASE SEND IT TO ME. I WILL VERY GRATEFUL TO YOU AND IN YOUR FAVOR I ALSO SEND YOU MAIL OR POST ANOTHER STORY THAT HOW I USE YOUR IDEA TO INFLICT ME PAIN. THE MORE THE PAINFUL IT IS, THE MORE BETTER IT WILL BE. PLEASE GIVE SOME GOOD IDEA AND I AM WAITING. I WILL BE IN YOUR DEBT.

Hello Miss,

Miss I know I am not a good slave, and a selfish one. Miss I will punished myself for my misbehavior. Miss

if you will forgive me for my misbehavior. Miss after you give me permission to remove needles from my cock head and insert them in my balls, I made you disappointed that I can&#8217;t take constant pain and suffering. Miss, after that I remove the 20 needles from my balls and started inserting them to my cock head. But Miss first I loosen my clamps that now have my cock in their grasp. then attach wires to my balls. Then I switch on the charger feeling the current going into my balls, and start inserting needles. Miss my cock head has become very sensitive and when I am inserting the needles I am feeling the pain 4 fold of that which I felt before, and on other hand Miss, the charger was giving very bad pain Miss. Miss it was burning my balls badly and I am feeling 5 fold times more pain.. Miss it&#8217;s very painful and difficult to insert needles but I kept inserting them until all 20 had been inserted, and Miss as I insert needle the pain was very intense and bad. Also to make it more painful Miss I sit on the nail board so the nail points are digging into my ass cheeks and giving me a lot more of the desired pain. Miss now this time my pain increases very much and I am feeling and taking it and now wanting more and more. Miss my whole weight was pressing my ass on the nail board. Miss then I continue my work and inserted 20 needles. Miss my both hand dipped in my blood and there was very bad pain in my cock head, balls and ass. Miss it takes me approx. one hour to insert needles and I am in very bad pain. Miss my ass began bleeding because some nails goes inside my ass. Miss sitting on nail board was very painful and I suffer badly. Miss nails going in, but taking lots of time, and the longer it took it became more painful and horrible.

Miss then I switch off charger for 2 minutes and got to wash my hands. in weight. Miss then I take off the clamp behind my cock head, then I takes my two boards which are approximately 6 to 7 kilos in weight then I takes my two boards and put my cock head on it. I also inserted rod in my cock, deep to my balls Miss my cock head was very sensitive and any little activity cause very bad pain in my cock head. Miss then I takes nails and first I nail my cock. Miss then I nail my cock from both side and inserted 8 nails. Miss the pain was very bad and Miss the shock making it worse. Miss then I come to cock head. Miss it makes me fear because I know that it gives me un-imaginable pain. Miss then I put one nail on left side and Miss as I give nail fist blow with hammer and Miss so much pain that hammer was really going to leave from my hand. Miss that pain I haven&#8217;t felt in my previous nailing. Miss to make it whole in give me very bad pain and on other hand my balls was burning due to shocks. Miss I hardly manage to put four nails in my cock. Miss my cock head was really full from nails and needles. Miss it takes one hour and my balls burned badly. Miss then I takes 5 minutes break. Miss then I put my nailed cock on table and over it I put nail board. Miss on the nail board I put bucket with 12 liters of water to start and added more water every five minuets until I had almost 20 liters pressing down onto my cock, Miss the pain was indescribable. Miss so much force and nail board was pressing my cock and cock head very cruelly. Miss pain, pain and more pain is all I felt from that time on. Miss also I was getting shocks. Miss then I takes four needles from my balls and put two each needle in my nipple and then hand a Polly bad which contain 200 g weight. Miss they were stretching my nipples also and then Miss I take a wooden stick and start beating my ass. Miss I start beating my ass and Miss I beat it 10 minutes and then take 30 second rest and also switch off charger. Miss I do it for 2 hours and Miss in that time many nails from nail board had been sunk into my cock and cock head and Miss it was very painful because in 2 hours, the speed of the nails into my cock and cock head was agonizingly slow and immensely painful. Miss I then I take out nail board and sit on it once again and Miss my ass hurts badly due to all whipping. Miss then I starts heating my nails with a candle. Miss in 10 minutes some nails heat up and cause very bad pain. Miss, I can say I almost went mad from the pain. Miss I do it for 30 minutes and it give very bad pain. Miss it was almost 5 am and I have one hour left. So miss I decided to hang by balls and shock, drop wax and beat myself. Miss but before hanging I take a rope and hardly pass it between two boards and tie a knot. Then Miss I tie other and to the bucket and then I hang with my balls. Miss then I pour water in it and made it 12 kilograms and Miss my cock was stretching. Miss pain was very bad. Miss then I first beat my cock and balls. Miss after that I put wax on my cock and balls. Miss it&#8217;s very difficult to put wax on them but I do it. Miss then I beat my cock and balls to remove it. Miss the pain was incredible and cock was stretched badly and balls also. Miss whole one hour I take non-stop shocking and that makes it more horrible Miss. When I remove bucket and untie my balls, Miss both are in very bad condition. Miss I am great pain and Miss when I removed nails the most pain I feel in my cock head. Miss blood also came from my cock and cock head. Miss I forget to tell about my nipples some blood also came from them and Miss they were stretched badly and paining. Miss I have 16 needles in my balls, 20 needles in my cock head and 4 each in my nipples. Miss after that I clean everything and put them in their place and then I put duck tape around my cock again and Miss Duck tape also covered many hole created by nails on my cock and cock head. Miss it was very painful and also putting clamps and tightens then some that they reduce to size of a finger make horrible pain to my hole and from cock head blood also come from these holes. Miss my whole cock and balls are in very bad pain and hope you will happy with the results. Miss sorry I don&#8217;t cum but I promise that I will cum tonight and make it as painful as I can. Miss if you willing to give punishment for not Cuming then please give it for not acting like a good slave.

&#12288;

With love,

Slave Nikkii



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  slavenikkii


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





