BDSM Library - Kelly's Revenge




Kelly's Revenge
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: 






Kelly&#8217;s revenge.
Five years in a Mexican jail had given Kelly plenty of time to plot her revenge on her former employer, Sharon James.&nbsp; 
Kelly knew her rich employer used recreational drugs within her circle of other local wealthy wives, but was unaware that Sharon had concealed a large stash of cocaine in her suitcase during the annual family vacation.&nbsp; She would never forget how she pleaded with Sharon to tell the immigration officers that she was the children&#8217;s Nanny and the drugs were nothing to do with her. 
When the Border Police interviewed Mrs.&nbsp; James she gave them her identity papers and those of her 3 children confirming her Husband was the Mayor of Boston. She told them she was unaware that her Nanny had a drug problem, and to save the Mayor embarrassment could they hush it up in return for some political favour with the American Government. The Border police said they completely understood and would jail her Nanny without having the public disgrace of a trail. 
 The Jail was a hell hole, staffed by South American dykes who treated blonde white girls more harshly than their own olive skinned residents.
 On her first day she was marched into the examination room, and in front of six Guards was ordered to strip naked, two guards then frog marched her to the chair in the corner of the room where she was ordered to sit with her legs wide apart. Her luscious blonde hair was cut back to an army style and her pubes were completely shaven. She was told that she would be brought back to this room every five days to receive the same treatment. 
Now ordered to stand, her hands were placed into handcuffs hanging from the ceiling and she was hoisted until she was clear of the floor.
Now all the guards had moved in, as the governess explained that her right nipple would now be pieced, ringed and tagged with her prisoner number, and she would also have the number branded onto her left buttock. Unable to move, she passed out with the searing pain as her nipple clip was attached, but was brought round a few minutes later when they branded her ass.&nbsp;&nbsp; Her initial preparation was now complete, She was let down and given an old boiler suit and a pair of white panties to wear and was told that she would only be allowed to wear the boiler suit after lights out, and the thong was only to be used during her periods, she would be naked at all other times.
Back in Boston, Sharon James had explained to her husband that their Nanny had been jailed for Drug running and it would be best given the circumstances if he could arrange to have Kelly&#8217;s Husband and Daughter expedited back to England which is where he was born.
The first Kelly knew of this was nine months later when she was ordered to the governess&#8217;s office.&nbsp; Standing naked with her hands on her head and her legs wide apart, the head guard read out a letter from the British consulate stating that sadly her Husband had committed suicide following a mental breakdown. Her Daughter was being put up for adoption.&nbsp; As a prisoner, she would have no right to know where or with whom she would now be living.&nbsp; Numbness took over Kelly&#8217;s body and she fainted. Back in her cell Kelly woke to the burning pain of the guard&#8217;s electric prod on her nipple ring. 
Kelly knew that one day she would wreck a terrible revenge on Sharon James that would crush her life just like she had done to her.&nbsp; 
Every night, she would work out another part of her plan, every detail was checked and cross checked to make sure her revenge would be total. 
She knew that despite the time passing, Sharon James would almost certainly be doing the same things on the same days in the same places, her Husband would still the Mayor and her children would still be at school and college. 
Five long years eventually past, and one morning Kelly was ordered to the gates, all the inmates and guards were assembled in the yard, Kelly, still naked, was ordered to get on all fours and crawl out of the prison. Kelly knew it was futile to object, it would result in another jolt from the guards Tazor gun.&nbsp; As Kelly moved like a dog, towards the small exit door the governess ordered her to be still, she had one more humiliation left for Kelly.&nbsp; I want to make sure this prisoner remembers all her fellow inmates as she leaves. All prisoners line up, I want each of you to put your hand in her pussy and check she has no drugs hidden in there.&nbsp; Kelly&#8217;s heart sank, she knew she had no choice but to grit her teeth and endure it.&nbsp; The first woman spat on her hand and slowly rubbed her pussy until it was moist, she leaned forward and whispered sorry in her ear, then eased two fingers into her lubed pussy and then Kelly sobbed out loud as she felt her fist go all the way inside. Tears flowed down Kelly&#8217;s face as one by one her fellow inmates followed the order and fisted her. 
The Governess then told the final two women that they had to&nbsp; pick up a handful of dust and put it inside her pussy. 
OK, Kelly, I&#8217;m sure you won&#8217;t forget your time with us, now crawl away. Her old clothes were tossed in front of her and the door slammed behind her. 
Kelly made straight for Boston, her exacting plans for revenge on Sharon James and her family were about to be put into operation. 
Kelly was lucky enough to get a job at the local country club and knowing how Mrs Sharon James always looked down on black guys she was soon networking with local gangs looking for guys that would play a part in her revenge.&nbsp; She knew she would need to sleep around to find exactly what she was looking for, but after five years in the slammer fucking a few black guys would be a piece of cake. After six months she had everything in place, ten black guys, six black women and two white lesbians. 
She had been noting every movement of the James family. She knew when Sharon was at the Gym, when she was at the Mall, when she was lunching with her friends, she even knew which weeks she had her tampons delivered.&nbsp; She noted that Sharon&#8217;s son Ben was now fifteen and her daughter&#8217;s Penny was now seventeen and Pauline was fourteen. Sharon&#8217;s husband, Spencer was indeed still the Mayor. 
This was the ideal scenario, now the invitations were being printed and sent out. They were inviting key people to the James household at specific times of the day for a surprise party.&nbsp; 
Guests included Sharon&#8217;s lunch friends, her Gym instructor, charity club members, postman, doctor, Dentist and her parents and in laws. From Mr. James side Kelly had invited local dignitaries, his solicitor, and the local newspaper reporter. To complete the plan she had included her son&#8217;s football team and her daughter&#8217;s best friends.
The trap was set, there was no way out, Sharon James live was about to be wrecked forever.
8.45am, Kelly was the first out of the van; she confidently strolled up the long drive and rang the James&#8217;s doorbell. She knew that Sharon was in the house with young pauline. She had one hand in her jacket pocket grasping the Tazer.
Sharon opened the door, pausing momentarily as she realised that it was Kelly standing there,
Hello Bitch said Kelly, simultaneously sticking the Tazer into her stomach and pulling the trigger.&nbsp; 
Signalling to the Van, Kelly stepped over Sharon&#8217;s convulsing body, moved swiftly to the kitchen where she found Sharon&#8217;s little daughter and tazered her. Moments later the van was parked around the back and the crew were taking up positions around the house.
Sharon was too weak to move but registered a group of people in her house with chains ropes and what appeared to be large acrylic sided drums.
Kelly bent down next to Sharon and whispered to her, listen bitch, before this day is out you will beg me to let you die.
Right, said Kelly let&#8217;s get this party started; the first acrylic sided drum was placed in the Kitchen, a hose pipe trickling water into it. It was about the size of a 45 gallon oil drum, but there was no top.&nbsp; Two black guys quickly stripped the fourteen year old, holding her slight frame up for everyone to see, look she&#8217;s got tiny tits and a little fluff on her pussy. Sharon was coming round and tried to get up from her foetal position; Kelly stuck the tazer into her left breast and pulled the trigger again.
When she came around again she saw her daughter naked up to her waist in water inside the acrylic drum, she had a big red ball gag in her mouth.&nbsp; Kelly crouched beside Sharon again and said, you might be able to save Pauline&#8217;s life, and you can see that not only is she is handcuffed in there, but the boys have used Japanese clamps on her Labia lips, they will not allow her to float too high, the pain on her pussy will become unbearable, and she might decide to drown herself instead.
Now every time one of my friends or your party guests empty their balls on you I will drain off about 5 gallons of water from her tank. Now why don&#8217;t you stand up and show all these nice nigger boys what a pretty little rich bitch will do to save her daughter, I&#8217;m sure your family and friends will enjoy watching you work on them. 
To be continued,







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Strictlyrichblonde(no email) 


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





