BDSM Library - The Visitor




The Visitor
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: 






I've been waiting for you, but you knew that. I sit upstairs, looking out my large bedroom window onto the picturesque town below. 2:55 p.m. You have five minutes left.
Not wanting to trouble myself with impatience any longer, I fall back on the soft bed, thinking of how great this session is going to be. I gently run my fingers along the overstuffed pillows and think of our last session together. I had never felt such sensations before and I wanted to repeat that. As my mind kept churning, and I felt a sensation of cold due to my pounding heart and rushing blood, I could hear your car in the driveway. I arose from my bed, slipped my black silk robe on, and headed down the stairs. You used your key to enter, and I met you in the foyer.
You were exactly how I remembered you from last time. Broad and mysterious, you were carrying several brown shopping bags, as well as a black vinyl duffle bag. I hugged you momentarily, and took the shopping bags from you, carrying them over to the large kitchen island. You put your duffle bag in the center of the living room and followed in to the kitchen. I am pulling out a bottle of wine from the brown bag, when you come behind me and softly kiss my neck.
"How are you today?" you whisper in my ear, gently stroking my sides.
"I am great, and how are you?" I say
"Good," you reply. "I brought some wine and snacks for us. I figured we can have a little to eat and drink before we get started, just to loosen you up." I am slightly offended that you think I am tense, but in reality I can feel the tightness in my own muscles. We sit and talked for a little bit, about our day, about the weather, and about what we expect from the scene today. This is when you knock me out with a proposal.
"My pet," you say, "I have another slave I would like to bring in for today's session. She's a friend of mine and well trained by me, and I am certain that you will like her. She is on her way now. If you are uncomfortable with this idea, I can call her and she will turn back." You run your callused fingers through my soft, wavy hair.
I attempt to hold back my excitement, but can only blurt out, "thank you, Sir! Thank you." You know I've wanted to be with another woman for the longest time, but the only chances I get are drunken college girls at bars. 
"Alright then," you say with a coy smile. "She will be here in half an hour, so we can just relax for a little bit."
In what seems like no time, a car pulls into the driveway. The doorbell rings, and I rush to open it. Before me is the most beautiful young woman I've ever seen. She is tall, just a little more so than myself, with straight black hair, gorgeous pale green almond-shaped eyes, and fair skin. She is slim, but has full, lovely breasts and long legs. Her smile is electric, and I see that she is holding a bouquet of roses in one hand and a black duffel bag in the other.
"Hi," I stammer, feeling my panties getting saturated.
"Hey, is this the right place?" she asks, shyly. 
"Yes," I say. "Master is inside. Come on in." She follows me in softly, with a graceful gait. 
"These are for you," she says, handing me the bouquet. 
"They're gorgeous," I reply. "Thank you so much."
As I look to find a vase under my sink, she meets with You. You kiss her gently and hold her limber body close. I put the flowers in the vase and go over to join you
"Pet," you say to me. "This is #8. #8, this is #6."
"Pleasure to meet you, #8" I say.
"Same to you, #6," she replies softly. "Do you have a place where I could change into something more comfortable?"
"Down the hall, second door on your right," I answer. "It's the guest suite, so it has a bathroom and a full-legnth mirror." I try not to gawk as she walks down the hall, the gently swaying of her hips and buttocks acting as a lure.
"So," you interrupt me. "Do you like her?"
"So much, sir!" I respond, tousling your thick black hair with my slim fingers.
"Good," you say. 
#8 comes to the kitchen. She is even more beautiful in a white satin robe. Her hair is pulled up into a ponytail, and I can barely restrain myself from kissing her seductive lips. 
"Are we ready to start?" you say, with a smile.
"Where are we going to play?" #8 asks. 
"Downstairs," I say. "I have a soundproof room. Normally I use it for music, but when Master is here, it has a more deviant purpose."
"Nice," #8 replies.
We all head downstairs, you trailing behind us with the duffle bag. The room is large, with hardwood floors and full length mirrors lining one wall. You put your bag down in the corner, and stare at us intently.
"Take those robes off," you snap. You are in full Dom mode now. The soft, let's-have-wine side of you is gone. 
#8 and I take our robes off and toss them into the corner near your bag. I am wearing a silk maroon corset with black lace, a matching thong, and black thigh-high stockings. #8 is wearing a black leather corset, a black thong, and red pantyhose. She is stunning. 
"On your knees, bitches," you shout. #8 and I immediately bow down into the "present" position you taught us. You rummage through your duffle bag and pull out two black leather collars, each with our respective numbers dangling as&nbsp; little pewter charms. You fasten the collars around our long necks. Your grip is strong and intoxicating.
"#8, come here girl," you whistle. She follows you on your knees, like a willing puppy. You hand her a length of black silk rope. She crawls back over to me. 
"Good girl," you coo as you stroke her hair. I feel a mild twinge of jealousy, but it quickly passes.
"#6, stand up and face #8," you say. I comply.
"Good girl, now #8, stand close to #6, so close that your pussies and your breasts are touching," you order. #8 complies, her gorgeous body pressed up against my petite frame. I want to kiss her so badly. Her skin is so soft." We stand together, feeling the warmth of each other's genitals while you tie us together, the rope encircling our legs, hands, arms, and waists. You then tie another length of rope to your new creation to hang from a hook from the ceiling. #8 and I are now lifted on our toes. 
"My how lovely," you laugh. "Are you girls ready for a little competition?"
"Yes Sir," we reply in tandem. 
"Good," you say. "Alright, now I going to put a ball in each of your mouths. You are allowed to bite down on it. I am then going to begin with a little punishment. The first one to drop the ball loses, and the winner gets a special prize."
I sigh heavily, anticipating the pain and the ecstasy that will be coming shortly. I wonder how #8 will react to the pain. God, I'd love to see her body quiver as tears roll down her gentle cheekbones. 
You bring over a red foam ball and a blue foam ball. The red one goes in #8's mouth, the blue one in my mouth. We are blindfolded so we can not see each other. Foam plugs are placed in our ears to block out sound. I can feel my juices flowing through the satin of my underwear. 
You start out softly, using a gentle furry flogger to warm our back muscles up. The weight of the floggers feels nice against my pale exposed flesh. I rejoice in the moment. I can feel #8's muscles relaxing as well. Her skin is so smooth, so beautiful. 
I then feel something a little harder. It's your leather flogger, probably the 18" one with the engraved handle. The first strokes are flimsy, but then they begin to get more rapid. I bite into my ball as they sting, causing the blood to pool in my back. You keep going in rapid succession, causing me to twitch in pain. I silently count the strokes you give me. Thirty-five hard strokes in total. By the thirty-fourth stroke, I swear I can feel a slow, warm trickle of blood down my back.&nbsp; After you finish with me, you presumably go on to #8. I can feel her twitching, her beautiful body tensing with each stroke. Minutes later, the tension relaxes. You must be done with her. We stand together, shaking. I feel something along my round buttocks. It is leather, and it feels hard. It must be your paddle. I am jealous because you paddle #8's ass first, but then I feel you move on to me. During the entire time, all I can think of is how I would love for #8 to be the one paddling me. I then feel something horrid across my backside. It's your heavy cane. You know how much I hate the cane. I jump at each stroke. It's alright though, because #8 is too flinching so I am not the only one who has trouble handling the strokes. The punishment ceases, and I breathe heavily though my nose with anticipation. The calm is broken, though. I feel the sharpest pain I have ever felt. It's your bullwhip. You give me five strokes. Tears are running down my eyes. I can feel blood on my back. You then go on to #8. After two strokes, I feel something hit my feet. It's her ball. The game is over.
You remove the plugs from our ears and lift up our blindfolds. I look over at #8, her eyes fogged with tears of shame. 
"Well girls," you say. "It's been a good game. I didn't actually expect it to go on as long as it did. I'm going to take you sluts down from this bondage, and then #6 gets her reward. Are you excited, #6?"
"Yes Sir," I say. You slowly free us, and it feels good to stretch my muscles. I examine my back in the mirror. It is bloodied. The blood is dripping down onto my corset, but it is one of the most beautiful things I have ever seen. We all relax to have a quick drink of water, to replenish our bodies after such intensity. I watch your sweaty body take in the water. Your skin is pale and glistening.
You sigh, "Alright sluts, time for the prize. Are you ready?"
"Yes Sir," #8 and I reply. 
"Good, good," you whisper, stroking my hair. Your breath causes my skin to tingle. "Alright, since #6 was a very very good girl, she gets to choose whether she wants to be the Alpha Female or the Beta Female for the rest of this scene. So what's your choice, #6?"
I can barely contain my excitement. "The Beta Female, Sir," I exclaim. I can't believe my fantasies are becoming realities.
"Good girl," you say. "Are you ready, #6?"
"Yes Sir," I reply.
"Good," you say, as you attach a leather leash to my collar. You hand the end of my lead to #8, and she willingly takes it in her long hand. I bow down on my knees, and wait for her to tug on me. You pull a chair out from the corner of the room and drag it so the seat is facing the mirror. You then sit down and spread your legs. You take your cock out, and begin stroking it. I watch intently as it becomes hard and sensitive due to it's engorgement. You then whistle for #8 and I to come over. I crawl on my knees, following #8 like her little puppy dog.
"Good girls," you say. "#6, take your Mistress' panties off. I comply, gently pulling her panties down her long legs. Her shaved pussy is beautiful and pink. I feel her panties. The inside is soaked with her milky white cum. I want to touch her so badly. 
"Now, #8, let go of that lead and suck my cock," you continue. She lets go of me, gets down on her knees, and begins to suck on you. I see the expression on your face as you grab her raven locks and force her head down. You are loving this.
"#6," you say to me, "please your Mistress' asshole and pussy."
"Yes, sir," I say. I spread her pale white cheeks and begin to eagerly lick her pussy and clitoris. It is the sweetest, most pleasurable area I could imagine. I use long, hard strokes on her clitoris while my fingers tease the entrance of her vagina. Her cum flows down and makes my fingers filmy. As I hear her whimper with pleasure in her sticky soprano voice, clear cum begins dripping down her legs. I lick it up, savoring the taste. Once I am certain that I have given her an orgasm, I begin to lick her asshole. It is pink and tight. I tongue deeply, alternating between shoving my tongue into the orifice and running it along the rim. While I play with this virgin hole, I stroke her pussy gently. I love the feeling of her cum. I continue this until you pull her head down and make her swallow your abundant semen.
"Good little whores," you exhale. Your face is flushed and your balls are taut to your body. You stroke #8's messy hair. She quickly works to fix her appearance, licking some stray semen off of her lower lip. 
"Go in my bag and get the leather wrist-to-thigh restraints," you order to #8. She complies, pulling out black restraints. 
"Get naked," you say to me. I obey, getting turned on by #8 observing my body. You force me on my back, and use the restraints to keep my legs back.
"Good slut," you say to #8. "Now get the gag." #8 brings over a locking gag. She roughly fastens it to me. I am unable to scream, not that my screams would be heard anyway. 
"She looks lovely, doesn't she Sir?" #8 asks you.
"Yes, she does," you say, rubbing the area behind my ear. I let out a soft moan. "You know what would make her look even better?"
"What Sir?" #8 asks.
"Some wax and some clamps!" you cackle. You are maniacal. #8 reaches into the bag, pulling out a rainbow-colored candle and some rubber-tipped clamps connected by a chain. I wince as you pull on my pinkish nipples to attach the clamps. You hand the candle to #8, passing her a red lighter, and allow her to set the candle alight. The wax slowly begins to cascade down the candle. #8, with a devious smile peering through her kissable lips, begins to let the wax drip down my shaved pussy. The wax feels good, and I can feel it mixing with the thickness of my pussy juices. She then pulls the clamps off. I shriek with pain, muffled by my gag. #8 gently licks my nipples, and then bites them. I have never felt such pain before. You watch, stroking your hard cock and smiling.&nbsp; 
#8 then pours the wax down my torso and over my nipples. I can feel myself cumming as my skin gets covered in warm wax of many colors. #8 then blows out the candle and lets the remaining wax harden. She kisses my lips. I love the feeling of my tongue inside her warm mouth. She let go of our embrace and turns to you with a smile. 
"I have an idea to get the wax off of our pretty little whore, Sir," #8 giggles.
"Go ahead, have fun," you say. I can tell you are turned on. 
#8 goes into the bag, and pulls something familiar out. It is your riding crop. She walks over to me, and begins to slap my torso, breasts, and pussy. The wax breaks off, and #8 is relentless. She hits me over and over again, causing a sting I have never felt. Tears of pain well up in my eyes. After exhausting herself, she drops the riding crop to the ground.
"My my, #8," you say. "You are quite the bully. I bet you were a mean girl when you were in high school."
"Yes," #8 laughs. She goes over, kisses you deeply, and grabs your balls. I see her whisper something in your ear. You nod, and the two of you go over to the duffel bag. You tie an elaborate harness around her waist, attaching a purple dildo. I watch as she lubes it up.
"I am treat you like a real woman," #8 says, looking over to me. I nod my head. She walks over to me, spreading my cheeks. I feel her massage the rim of my ass to get it to relax. She then begins to stick the dildo into my tight asshole. I have never felt such pressure inside of me. #8 holds my thighs back as she fucks me repeatedly. Her smile is bright and sadistic. Once I can barely stand it, she pulls out of me. 
"Very nice," you laugh. 
"I think I've used all the toys you brought, Sir," #8 says. 
"Well then," you say as you caress her neck, "I guess we should let the slut go. But don't think we're done yet. All three of us are going to have a little fun."
You begin to let me go, removing the restraints, taking the gag off, and wiping away my tears and saliva. I stretch my legs, go to my knees, and get off the floor. You hand me a bottle of water, and I urgently drink from it. I watch as you strip #8 of her clothes, revealing beautiful, full breasts and satiny skin. You then begin to undress yourself. Your body is muscular and beautiful. I want you both so badly.
"Come on, girls," you say. We follow two steps behind you. You lay a mat out and recline back on it. "Worship me, bitches."&nbsp; 
We spend time licking and kissing every inch of you. Your eyes are wide and glossy as you watch two beautiful girls loving you. At one point, #8 and I turn to each other and begin deeply kissing and groping each other's breasts. 
"Hold on, sluts," you say. "They'll be plenty of time for that. Right now, I want #6 to ride my cock and take an orgasm while #8 sits on my face." You lay on your back, legs spread. I climb on and insert your throbbing penis into the moist depths of my vagina. #8 places her pussy on your face. You begin eagerly licking her sex while I grind my vulva into your pubic hair. While I am riding, I grab #8's left breast and begin to suck it. I watch the pleasure in her body as she tenses her fair body and tightens her face. #8 grabs my breasts while I orgasm. I can feel my cum dripping and soaking your hairs. You then push me and #8 off and begin to stand up. 
"On your knees, face in my cock!" you yell. We comply. After a few seconds of stroking, I can feel your semen shoot hot onto our faces. Such a beautiful feeling. We all sigh heavily, feeling contented and relaxed.
You laugh, "did my sluts enjoy that?"
"Yes," I say.
"Of course," #8 says.
"Good," you coo. "Since you two were such good girls, I have a little surprise for you. I want you two to go, take a shower, get dressed, and meet me in the dining room. I'll have dinner prepared for you."
#8 and I go upstairs, while you pack the toys up. 
"Come on," I say. "I have a fabulous shower in my room. The water pressure is fabulous, that is, if you don't mind me joining you."
#8 grabs my hand and looks into deeply into my eyes. I lean in to kiss her, and she reciprocates. I open the door to my bedroom, revealing the suite. I click a lamp on. It is now dark out, and the light casts matte shadows across the room. I turn the light on in the bathroom, look at myself in the mirror, and turn the shower on high, steaming the room up. I examine my bruised, defiled body in the mirror. The scars and bruises forming on my skin look so sexy. I invite #8 into the bathroom with me. She follows, and steps into the shower. I close the door of the shower and stand under the water with #8. I take her hair out of the ponytail and wet it. I slip some shampoo into my hand and begin to wash her hair. She looks so sexy, soap sliding down her body. She begins to wash me as well. We grind against each other as the water rinses our bodies. Her skin is so smooth, that I just want to touch her all over. I wince as some soap falls across my cane marks. I have never loved someone so much as I have loved You, and am beginning to feel the same about #8. She is beautiful, something out of my deepest fantasies, and now I have her. I am trying to not be jealous of you, because of my desire to have #8 all to myself. 
I step out of the shower and wrap my hair and body in my fluffy cream towels. #8 follows and does the same. I go over to her and kiss her moist neck. I rejoice as she cocks her neck and parts her lips and exhales a luscious breath. 
"Sit down on my vanity stool," I say, still molesting her neck.
"Okay," #8 says, dropping her towel, gliding over to the padded stool, and examining her body in the small mirror.
I grab a bottle of vanilla body oil, and begin to rub it between my palms. I begin massaging her torso, taking extra care of the broad muscles that would be extra sore from the punishments received and inflicted today. I watch as #8's round, pink nipples become hard with my touch and her back begins to arch. She stands and faces me. We embrace closely, our skin brushing against the other's. Her head turns and she begins to kiss me. We make out, embracing each for what seems like an eternity, when your voice brings us back to reality. 
"Dinner's in five minutes, girls!" you shout.
"Yes Sir," we shout back in tandem. 
We let go of each other and begin to dress. #8 puts on the jeans and sweater she wore here, and I throw on a hoodie and jeans. We go downstairs, and you are standing in the dining room, with a fabulous steak dinner prepared for us. 
"Wine my dears?" you ask.
"Yes Sir," I say.
"Yes Sir," #8 says. 
We all enjoy our meal, discussing the scene and how much fun we had. After dinner, I prepare coffee and dessert for the three of us. We discuss further, until you observe how late it is. I look at the antique ebony clock sitting on the mantle. It says that it is 11:30 p.m. You two probably have long drives ahead, and it looks like it has begun to rain out. I should let you go.
I put the dishes in the washer and then see you two to the door. I lovingly embrace #8, thanking her for the amazing afternoon. I see small tears beginning to pool, and I have to hold my emotions back as well. We gently kiss, and #8 begins to fade into the fog. I see her headlights come on, and watch from my porch as she leaves. 
"You okay?" You ask.
"Yeah," I say. "I really like her."
"Well, hopefully you'll see each other again. I had fun with both of you, and it's safe to say that you two are my favorites out of all the girls," you say.
"Really?" I gush.
"Really," you say. You kiss me on the forehead and stroke my soft, damp hair.
"Well, you should get going. You've got an hour and a half at least and some of the seasonal roads may start flooding soon," I assert.
"Yeah, I should," you say, brushing a strand of jet black hair out of your chiseled face. I kiss you deeply for a few minutes, and then begin to let go of you. You start to walk to your car, placing the bags in the back seat.
"This was fun," I shout out. 
"It was," you reply. "We're all going to have a conference call on Sunday afternoon. I'll talk to you then."
"Sounds good," I say.
"Love you," you say, stepping in your car.
"Love you too," I yell, watching you drive away.
Needless to say, I can't wait until Sunday...





 





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Number Six(no email) 


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





