BDSM Library - Shall W/we Begin




Shall W/we Begin
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: 






Shall W/we Begin?

As if in a dream I enter the dimly lit room, looking about as the glow from the candles reflect off the shiny metal objects adorning the surrounding walls. I shiver imagining what these sharped toothed, jagged edged devices are used for as I look from one to the next.&nbsp; Remembering Your words describing this "special" room as Your torture chamber I bite my lip finally fully understanding the meaning to that statement. 

 Walking further into the chamber I move through the play of shadows and with each step a new horror is revealed to me.&nbsp; To the left I see a steel St Andrews cross hanging against the stone wall, from the center of the cross protrudes a large spike tipped phallus. I close my eyes and whimper softly as I imagine that steel spike impaling my cunt, driving deeply into my most tender of flesh, ripping and rendering it open like the blade of a sharp knife.&nbsp; Gasping I quickly open my eyes and look closer at this Cross of Divine Torture and see the needle like points that circle out from the spike in the center. Shivering once more as I&nbsp; envision being chained spread eagle to that cross, that phallus deeply in my cunt, those evil needles being driven over and over again into my pussy lips and clit as my body jerks and spasms from the strike of a whip against my ass.&nbsp; Imagining the overwhelming pain of such a cruel torture I step forward on shaky legs...only to be faced with other cruel tools of torture.

To the right stands a table with many bright, sharp, deadly looking knifes laying on its cold stone surface. Stepping closer, half afraid of what I might see and half thrilled at the horror of it, I closely examine the items on the table.&nbsp; My hands travel, touching each as I envision the way they would feel against my flesh. Touching a pair of silver nipple clamps, running my finger over the tiny quarter inch spikes that line their jaws I tremble softly as I feel them tightening on my tender nipples, the spikes sinking in deeper and deeper with each cruel turn of the screw.&nbsp; A soft scream escapes my lips at the pain I imagine.&nbsp; 

Shaking my head to clear my thoughts I turn my attention to other items adorning the table.&nbsp; Moaning softly as my eyes turn once more to the assortment of knives, noticing the differences of each and speculating at their purposes.&nbsp; One in particular catches my eye and I gently run my trembling fingers over its serrated edge. Knowing I have seen a similar knife before I concentrate and try to bring the memory into focus.&nbsp; My eye lids flutter closed as my hand strokes the sharps tines of the blade. Suddenly my body is rocked by the power of the memory.&nbsp; I am a child watching as my father guts a deer, seeing that sharp, serrated knife rip open the deer&#8217;s body from stomach to throat, seeing the blood and organs spilling out on the ground.&nbsp; My imagination transforms the grizzly scene into one far more terrifying, now seeing my self hung from a hook on the ceiling if this cold room, the knife being rammed roughly into my cunt and being dragged upwards, splitting my flesh as I scream and scream from the pain of being gutted alive.&nbsp; 

Stumbling backward I crash into a cold metal platform behind me. Turning swiftly I see it is a doctors exam table, complete with metal legs and cuffs attached on spreader bars. Beside the exam table is a cart with labeled drawers.&nbsp; Bending to look closer at the labels on each drawer, I shiver as I read the description of the contents.&nbsp; Each drawer seems to contain the instruments to perform a specific "medical" procedure.&nbsp; The top drawer is mark simply "Anal and Vaginal Exam".&nbsp; Opening the drawer I see several pairs of large metal tongs, shivering slightly I grasp the handle of one and squeeze, watching fascinated as the tongs spread apart wide and then wider still. Shuddering as I contemplate the sensation of the tongs spreading open my cunt wider and wider.&nbsp; Moaning I envision the other purpose for the tongs, feeling them shoved into my tight puckered asshole and stretching that tightest of holes beyond the bounds of sanity, the sensation of the pain rips through my body as though the cruel treatment is actually occurring at this second.

Gasping for breath I turn away from the table, my eyes passing over the items hanging on the surrounding walls,&nbsp; my eyes widen as they come to rest on an enema bag filled with an iridescent green liquid. Pondering what the green liquid may be as my hands slide along&nbsp; the tube that hangs from the bag, shivering at the cold of the liquid inside the tube. My eyes widen as I see the probe at the end of the tube. Looking at it, estimating it is some 9 inches in length and as big around as a beer bottle another shiver of horror passes through my body.&nbsp; Lifting the probe I bring the tip close to my nose and sniff, the over overwhelming smell of camphor and menthol makes my eyes water and my throat gag.&nbsp; Wrapping my hand around the thick probe I imagine the pain as it is crammed into my ass, ripping open the puckered flesh. Feeling it cruelly rammed deeper and deeper until it is buried to the hilt in my throbbing hole.&nbsp; Hearing myself whimper and beg as a disembodied voice from behind whispers "now we begin." and then hearing my own screams radiate through out the room as the searing liquid drips from the probes tip into my ass.&nbsp; Scream after scream escapes my lips as the excruciating fire rips through my ass. 

Moaning I turn and run from the exam table, from the cruel probes and the suspended enema bag only to tumble over a bench set in the middle of the floor. Falling hard on my left hip I look back at the bench and once more see the ever familiar spikes lining its seat.&nbsp; In the midst of the spikes, connected to the bench is a leather belt with a large phallus attached to the back. Just in front of the bench there is a line of glowing hot candles.&nbsp; Not wanting to see but unable to stop my imagination I watch horrified as I am placed on my knees before the bench and my body is forcibly pressed against the spikes. I scream as they pierce my flesh from my stomach, to my clit to my cunt. Struggling as the belt is strapped around my waist and cinched tight, the spikes digging further into my body. Mumbling and begging for release as slowly one by one the candles are lit, feeling the flames as they lick at my breasts hanging above them. The searing pain of the flames licking at my tender nipples, scorching and burning them.&nbsp; Smelling my flesh as it burns, my screams turning to sobs and then back to screams as the phallus is shoved deeply into my ass. My mind overloads with the pain as screams fall silent and my head droops forward. 

Desperately I pull myself from the envisioned horror and crawl across the cold stone floor searching for a safe place in this Garden of Torture. Scrambling I cuddle up in a corner my hands covering my eyes as I sob, remembering all the horrible thoughts, visions that seemed so real. Feeling the pain, even though only imagined still radiating through my body.&nbsp; I gasp suddenly as the door to the room is thrust open.&nbsp; Looking through my fingers&nbsp; I watch as the shadow of a tall Man enters the room and steps into the center. Unable to see His face through the gloom in the room I drop my hands to my sides and try to focus of the darkness cloaked figure. Struggling on shaky legs I attempt to stand to meet this unknown adversary in the dark...and then suddenly...comes Your voice coldly whispering...."Shall W/we begin?" .............

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The end



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  michelle lynn(no email) 


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





