BDSM Library - ALTAR GIRL




ALTAR GIRL
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: 






ALTAR GIRL&nbsp; 

BY
 DOROTHY STRANGELOVE


This is the story of Me and Him.

He was The One, the love of my life and in his arms I knew complete love. He was wise and understanding and he knew of the need in me to be on my knees as his humble servant. I had loved him for many years and our friendship had grown into a deep love and with deep love comes the holiest of trust : Absolute Trust. He knew I had longed for years to have the kind of relationship where I could be 'owned' in the sense that all things pleasurable would come by the command and decision of my partner, him above, me below, me sitting in obeyance to his command, at his feet like a slave or on my knees like a whore, or in his arms where his embrace felt like steel armour as he protected me with the shield of his love and kept me only to himself.

He asked me if I was sure I wanted this. He asked me several times and made me wait for it, he asked me if I was sure then said he would ask me again later. It was frustrating for me but he wanted to be certain I would not regret anything.&nbsp; As if I would regret it, this was what I'd always wanted, I'd wanted it so much the desire had burned a hole deep inside me, the kind of hole that could only be sealed by wish fulfillment. I had always looked up to him with the kind of awe only another submissive could understand. Love is amazing in any form but when a submissive loves, they kneel in worship and if this worship is only in the mind, it stays deep and needing with every thought, every glance, every touch, every kiss. Each time I looked at him, no matter where we were or what we were doing at the time, it was there in my eyes : I needed to serve him. I longed to kneel at his feet and worship him. He deserved to be put on a pedestal and worshipped, I loved him and I am a sub. I am a sub who is into worship and therefore he was my god and gods need to be idolised, adored and obeyed. I needed his commandments. The very thought of him becoming this to me made me warm inside. The thought of being dominated by him gave me an aura of peace to have that fulfillment at last. And that is why the wait was so frustrating.

One evening after another long week of frustration he came home and sat down with me and said he wanted to talk about this some more. It was a chilly day in October and we were together on the sofa while the fire flickered and as he looked into it I don't know if it was the tension building up in me, but I swore there was something almost unearthly about the way the light seemed to reflect in his eyes. As he looked at me I felt a rush of desire shoot through me as I thought again how he was quite simply the most beautiful man I had ever seen. Everything about him was beautiful. He would look even more beautiful if I was on the floor, on my knees looking up at him, while he looked down on me. 
"I've been thinking some more about what you said," He told me, "And I've decided I would like to be your master. But I want to make something clear first."
"Anything." I said quickly, keen not to displease him.
"I won't do anything that harms you. Even if you want me to. I love you and what excites you when you're on the brink of orgasm might not be what you want in reality. So nothing that draws blood. Nothing dangerous. And as your master I have the final say in this, it's how it's going to be."
He sounded so commanding. I smiled.
"So what would you like to do?"
He didn't need to think about it, he had been thinking about it for a long time, as he started to speak I realised he had been welcoming the idea all the long, it had just been a case of reassuring himself of boundaries and the fact that I wanted this completely.
"I'm going to change the way you look. Your hair, your make up, on certain occasions you will wear only what I tell you to wear and that includes my preference for seeing you in very high stiletto shoes, I know you struggle to walk in them but it will restrict you and I like that, it will make you my slave even when we are out in public..." He paused, playful amusement danced in his eyes.
"Am I giving you what you want? I've been thinking about it&nbsp; for a long time and there is more...shall I go on?"
I was a little breathless and my heart was fluttering. I nodded.
He saw how worked up I was getting and laughed softly. He put his arm around me and gave me a squeeze.
"I've only just started, there's a lot more. Do you want me to tell you?"
"Yes please."
"I'm going to spank you, I won't use a whip because that's too much in my opinion. I will spank you with my hand, on your arse and on your cunt. I like the idea of watching your skin go red while I do it. I won't fist you because that doesn't turn me on, not all the way, anyway. But I will put all of my fingers inside you to stretch you and I'll do that to both holes. I want you to come while I'm doing it. And I'm going to fuck you in the arse as well, I've never said so, but I've always wanted to sodomise you."
As he spoke I could feel my juices running, I opened my legs and let my skirt ride up, he looked down and saw how swollen I was, how my juice gleamed in the flickering firelight.
"Let me see." He told me, so I pulled up my skirt and opened my legs wider.
He put his hand between my legs and pressed his fingers either side of my slit and opened me wide.&nbsp; His touch made me sigh and want to beg him for more, but I knew he had more to say so I sat there spread open while he spread me and slid his finger in and watched a trail of clear juice come away from me. 
"You're nicely wet. Don't touch yourself and I'll tell you some more."
And he took his hand away, leaving me feeling open and damp, my clitoris swollen and silently screaming for release. But this was an order and I was bound to obey it. And I loved it! 
"I like you wearing no knickers for me. Sometimes I might tell you to put on something sexy but at home I want easy access to your body at all times.&nbsp; I know you don't want penetration when you have a period so when it's that time of the month you will give me blow jobs instead. And on the subject of blow jobs, from now on, every morning when you wake, unless I have my hand down there playing with you, you are to suck me off straight away, as soon as you wake up. You don't go for a piss, you don't make some breakfast, you suck me off and once you've swallowed my cum you can do what you like until I say otherwise. And I will let you worship me, you can get on your knees and kiss my shoes and I may even ask you to clean them for me. I will also expect you to tell me how much you adore me. You can say that any way you like, but 'I love you' is allowed because although our games won't extend outside of our sex life or sexual games, I will still love you no matter what we are doing. And if you find it gts too much you can always tell me Enough and we can stop the games. I want to play but you have the right to change your mind. We are in a loving relationship and this is role play, outside of it we are still Us and I want you to remember that."
I didn't have to thank him, he could see the gratitude in my eyes. He drew me into his arms and held me tightly.
"This is going to be wonderful." I whispered.
He ran his hand down my hair and kissed my cheek.
"Don't be too grateful, you might change your mind later on."
"No, I won't."
I looked into his eyes.
"Can we start now?"
"No," He told me, "We start tomorrow. I'm going out in the morning and you are not coming with me, I have to get some things and you are not allowed to know what they are yet. You're not fit to kneel at my feet until I have made you my servant and I'll be doing that tomorrow, after dark, in the 
attic."
I felt an apprehensive thrill run through me. The attic room was empty, it had been converted to a bedroom ages ago and we had never used it for anything. It was painted white with a soft red carpet and I wondered why he didn't want to just use the bedroom.
"Why the attic?"
"That room is our special room from now on. I'm going to get the things I need in the morning and then I'm making some changes to the attic. And all this time, you will not be allowed to see what I'm doing."
What he said next sent a shiver of fear and excitement through me.
"You will be confined to one room until I'm ready for you."
He saw a flicker of apprehension in my eyes.
"Are you sure you want to do this? I'll ask you again in the morning, but that will be the last time, after that, we go straight into it. No light beginning, no doing it&nbsp; bit by bit, we go straight in, understand?"
I nodded.
"Yes, I want this."
He kissed me, then pulled away.
"No sex tonight, I have a lot to do in the morning. And I don't want you to come yet. This will be the last day you go without an orgasm, after tonight I will make you come every day, when ever I feel like it, with my tongue, my fingers or I'll make you do it to yourself while I watch. So you need to get some sleep, too."
He kept his word. He held me in his arms but only kissed me. I slept till morning.

When I awoke I reached for him but found the space beside me empty. I sat up. He was already dressed and ready to go.
"Get up and have a shower." He told me, "I need you to do it now, please."
That already sounded like an order, so I got out of bed and went into the bathroom. He followed me.
"I'm leaving now. I'll be back for you when everything is ready."
I opened my mouth to speak but he closed the bathroom door, then I heard the lock click shut. This was it, I had thought it would begin later but no, it had already started. I could hear his footsteps fading away as he went down the stairs. Then the front door closed. I'd just woke up, I was already wet and swelling up and juice was running out of me but I needed a piss. I was so excited I didn't know whether to piss or cum first, the thought of what lie ahead thrilled me so much that I was already on the brink. I took a deep breath, told myself, Wait. No orgasm yet, no orgasms at all until tonight. And so I remained in the bathroom. I showered, washed my hair, dried myself and put a bathrobe on then sat on the floor, fighting the urge to put my hand between my legs.

A couple of hours later he came back. I was left alone and I wished I had taken my watch in here with me, time seemed to be going so slowly. A bit later he unlocked the door and came in with a cup of tea and a sandwich for me. He looked at me and laughed.
"Just checking you haven't wanked yourself to death, I'll be back later."
And he closed the door and locked it again.
I ate slowly and settled back on the floor, watching the sunlight stream through the frosted glass in the window, wondering what all that noise was about in the attic. Dragging, bumps and thumps, drilling. I was patient, I stayed silent and waited and waited. I was aching and damp but the long wait was taking the edge off the urgency and my need to come had calmed down a little. 
It was late in the afternoon when he opened the door again.
"For the final time, are you ready and are you sure?"He asked me seriously, "Because this is it, no going back."
Apprehension and excitement made my voice a barely audible whisper.
"Yes, I am." I told him.
"Come in the bedroom." He said, and took my hand and led me back to the bedroom.
The room looked tidy. I thought he had tidied up. No, he had made some changes in here, too. My dressing table had been re-arranged and my wardrobe doors were open. He led me over to the wardrobe. Half my clothes were still there, but there was new stuff hanging up too, short, tight dresses, mini skirts and&nbsp; tops with low cleavage, some very high heeled shoes and boots, too. And my underwear drawer was open, new g strings and other lingerie was in there.
"You will wear these things when I ask you to." He told me, "And I've changed some of your make up as well."
He led me over to the dressing table and showed me what he had done.&nbsp; My lipsticks had been replaced with lighter, almost clear colours, and I had lighter, paler eye shadows and all my old, darker stuff was gone.
"I would like to see you wearing these colours from now on." He told me. 
And he pulled out the chair in front of the dressing table.
"Sit down."
I sat down in front of the mirror.
"I'm going to change your hair as well because I don't think it suits you being dyed, I prefer your natural colour and I'd also like to see it very short, so I'm going to cut it right off. Then you're going to put on what ever I tell you to wear and come upstairs."
He picked up a pair of scissors from the dresser. I couldn't see the look in his eyes as he slid the blades under a lock of my shoulder-length hair, but I know he waited. He gave me about sixty seconds to stop him. So I stayed silent. He closed the blades and carefully cut so all that remained was the dark roots that had grown through about half an inch. He didn't hesitate now, he carefully and slowly cut my hair, he took his time, in all that time I didn't look in the mirror once, my eyes were closed, I was wet as I felt him taking charge of my appearance, he did it so gently yet so deliberately.&nbsp; When he put the scissors down he ran his hand over my cropped hair and his touch was so erotic, like he was stroking my hair and touching my skin at the same time.
"Have a look." He said to me, and kissed my cheek.
I opened my eyes and looked in the mirror. I hadn't had my hair this short before, but although it was cropped as short as it could go, it flattered my face, it made my eyes softer and it was the first time in years I had only my natural colour and I'd forgotten how much it suited me. He ran his hand over my hair.
"It feels like velvet." He told me, "Now put on your new make up and wear the clothes I'm going to put on the bed. Then you will be ready to come and kneel before me and worship."
That word made me shiver with excitement.
I took off my bathrobe and went over to the bed. He laid out a black PVC corset and knickers, the knickers had a silver zip that ran all the way from the front to the back for easy access.
"One more thing." He said, and slipped a leather collar around my neck and fastened it up. It was a plain black leather collar with tiny little studs that ran around it's length, it was lightweight and would have belonged in my old wardrobe as a fashion statement but now it meant much, much more.
"Thank you, Master." I said softly.
"Be ready." He said firmly, "I will be waiting for you."

I had trouble lacing up the front of the corset, I had large tits and when reined in they always fought a short rebellion before I got my own way. Satisfied the cleavage was perfect, I slid on the zipped up PVC knickers. They were quite fitted like bikini bottoms and once I had them on I could feel my juices making the crotch stick to me. The metallic zip brushed the edges of my cunt lips as I walked. He loved me to shave down there anyway, but now I was even more glad that I did, I didn't cherish the thought of hair getting caught in that zip - good thing I didn't have any! 
I walked slowly up the staircase to the attic room. The door was closed, I took my time getting there because I knew that although we had already begun, until I turned the handle and walked in, the change would not be complete This was the edge, the line I had wanted to cross for so long and now I was here, about to step over it. I wished I could bottle this moment, this breath, these beats of my heart as I crossed over into the fantasy of my dreams now made flesh and bone. I had always wanted to do this. More than that, always wanted to do this with the man I loved. And now it was happening.
I reached the top of the stairs, turned the handle and pushed the door open.
The room was dark, with the shade pulled right down at the window, church candles burned brightly at the end of the room, on tables, on shelves, to the left was a black leather reclining chair that had wrist and ankle straps attached. Beside it was a smaller table and I saw lube and a various assortment of sex toys, I couldn't make a mental note of anything more than that because I was so high on the buzz of all this. All I knew was this: At the end of the room, surrounded by flickering candle light, was my Lord and Master. He was dressed all in black, his shirt open and a huge crucifix around his neck on a silver chain. He was wearing black jeans and a pair of very, very shiny polished black leather shoes that seemed to whisper 'lick me clean' as I looked at them. I had always known my love was amazing but now he was truly the god I longed to worship.
He stood there looking at me for a moment, then he held out his hands as if emanating a great power, and the very gesture made me want to grovel at his feet.
"This is now your church." He told me, "You see before you the church altar. And on it stands your God."
His eyes met mine.
"Kneel before me and show respect."
I took several steps forward, difficult as I was weak with desire, then fell gratefully to my knees.
I looked up at him and in that moment I wanted to say 'I love you' but that would have to wait. He had slid into dominace so easily and I was afraid of breaking the spell. 
"Tell me." He commanded.
I was low down on my knees, looking far up at him and I said:
"I exist only to serve you my Lord, my body is the vessel of your pleasure and I belong entirely to you. Please take this humble servant and use me as you will, pleasure or pain, bless me with your divine touch and rule me, use me, pleasure me, do as you see fit with me,&nbsp; I beg of you."
"Kiss my feet." He ordered.
I bent down low, planted a single kiss on his right foot, then his left. The leather felt so bloody good as my lips brushed it I wanted to lick his shoes right there and then but here in this room there was no choice for me to make, my role was to wait, listen and obey. He didn't make me endure an agony of seconds. He said it at once.
"Clean my shoes."
I kissed the leather again, let my tongue slide slowly over the cool smoothness, they already shone in the candle light but now they shone even more. That was me, bootlicker and happy to be.
"That's enough." He said, after I had been allowed a few minutes indulgance.
He took me by the hand and led me over to the chair.
He kissed my lips.
"I love you." He said.
"I love you too, I love you so much."
"Get on the chair and show me your arse."
I hadn't expected that reply, but I complied, getting onto the reclined chair on my hands and knees. He spread my legs and fastened ankle straps so that I was kneeling with my legs wide open and my arse in the air.
"Put your arms around the headrest." He told me.
I leaned forward as comfortably as I could and slid my arms around the top of the chair, it gave me some support and something to hold on to. I didn't expect what happened next. He didn't use the soft wrist restraints attached to the chair. Instead he snapped handcuffs on my wrists. Now I was locked into position. 
I couldn't turn arund and look at him, I could only hold nto the chair so I didn't slip and hurt my wrists. That, and look at the wall that threw up flickering shadows as the candles burned. And while I looked at the wall, I waited.
"I'm going to give you a fisting." He told me, "I'm going to see how wide I can stretch you. I've been thinking about doing this for a long time, I've even read up on it so I know how to do it properly. I will be using all of one hand, and the other one as well, if you can take it."
On hearing those words blood seemed to rush to my clit and I was silently begging to be allowed to come, it was making it worse that I was on my knees like this and gravity was making the sensation even more pronounced. But he had chained me. So I had stay in position while shadows danced on the wall, and take what ever was coming. He reached for the zip on my knickers and pulled it down so I was wide open and exposed.
"I'm going to put some lube inside you now, it's very cold and there's going to be a lot of it." He told me.
I heard the cap come off and a squirting noise as he rubbed some on his hands. Then he pressed the tube against my arse, pressed a little more and I felt it poke inside me. He gave the tube a massive squeeze and I felt myself flooded with a mass of cold jelly.
He stroked up and down the crack of my arse, then slid a finger in me. He moved it in and out, then said:
"Keep still and relax, all you have to do is relax and we can do this. Trust me?"
"Yes,"I whispered, "Of course I trust you."
He slid a second finger in, then a third. This was the point where I gasped and felt pain. He stopped, drew his fingers out a fraction, held me wide open and watched, checking me before he carried on. Fisting has a formula. It's twenty percent lube, twenty percent skill and the rest is made up of trust. My lover had all three. I relaxed, the pain subsided. The ring of muscle was aching but in a good pain way, I was desperate to come but I knew now why he had chained me - once I'd cum, it would be over, I'd be far too sensitive to see it through to the end. And so I leaned over that chair hanging on while heaven and hell was played on my stretching hole. I was going into an ecstatic trance at the sweetness of it all and even to this day, when I see candle flame throwing a flickering shadow on the wall I'm back there on that first night, my arse in the air, moaning and gasping and tasting pleasure and pain at it's most perverted yet most delicious, I'm back in the darkest corner of Eden.
He slid a fourth finger inside, moving slowly, gradually, he drew them out, put them back, this whole process took a long time and then I realised in this room, in this world we created, there was no time, just Us and This. He pushed again into me, I felt as if something hard and too wide was forcing me to breaking point, again he stopped, started again. Then I felt a hot, tingling, sliding sensation as the muscle stretched, stretched more and seemed to keep on going. 
"You've opened up for me." He told me, and withdrew his hand. He was putting on more lube. More lube? Just as I felt myself slightly close up, I felt him back down there. But this time it seemed so much harder, bigger, as if he was forcing a butt plug or a dildo in that was too wide. I took it part of the way, then pain made me shriek and he pulled back.
"Sorry," He said, "I'll go slower."
And he did. I felt myself shaking with desire and the extremeness of the experience, but I was hungry for more and the feeling of pleasure and pain was exquisite and I had tasted this and now wanted as much as I could take. I breathed deeply and told myself to relax, I felt warm and slippery and the muscle was hot yet aching for more and when the pressure was back I found myself pushing onto it, wanting it, my body longing to draw it in. Inch by inch, fraction by fraction, I got fuller and wider, until I was stretched so far I wondered if I would have any kind of arsehole by the time this was over - not that I cared, I was on the brink of the sweetest hardest orgasm I had ever had and I wanted this and nothing else, I was living for this moment. He pushed again and I felt a tiny stretch that seemed to be the last bit of tightness that let go, and suddenly I felt stretched wide, full up, no sensation of my arse being stretched, just a feeling of being wide open and on the brink of orgasm that was so sweet it was like a constant tiny orgasm running through all my senses. I was gasping and begging him to make me come. Sweat was running off my body and my clit felt like it would burst.
"I've opened you right up." He told me.
He took off latex gloves, wiped me clean and opened the cuffs. I was too weak to move with the desire to come. He unfastened my ankle restraints and turned me over, sliding me down the chair and lifting my legs open. He shoved his cock in me deeply in one thrust, he was fucking my arse but I was so stretched it slid in and out as if I had a second vagina (a very loose vagina at that!), as he pounded into me he told me to rub my clit.
I reached down and began to desperately rub away the burning ache that felt as if everything was about to explode. 
He looked into my eyes.
"Come for me." He said.
And I did.
It was an orgasm that had me screaming and gasping, lost in it as pleasure flooded through me, it reached every part of me, but this was the first time I'd had an explosion of pleasure that had burst out from my clit, radiated through to my vagina and all the way around my arse as well, and it was here in the newly stretched muscles it had it's most power and intensity. As I came screaming, he thrust into me harder, and came with great force himself.
He withdrew from me and stayed there for a short time, sweat running down his face as he got his breath back.
He said nothing, left me tied, went out of the room to clean himself up. When he came back he had put his cock away and left off his shirt. But he hadn't finished with me just yet.
"Your arse will hurt in the morning. Sorry about that. But it's for the best, you'll be looser now, easier for me to fuck."
"Thank you master." I whispered, still recovering from that powerful orgasm.
He ran his hands down my body. He kissed my lips, pulled my PVC bodice open and let my tits fall free and kissed them, too. 
"Your skin is so warm and soft," He said to me, "So sensitive after you've come.."
And he took hold of both my nipples and pinched them hard, making me cry out. Then he took them in his mouth, giving each a gentle, warm, soothing suck.
"I love your tits."
"Thank you, My Lord. Thank you for letting me have your cock. Thank you for stretching me.."
He kissed me again, and this time helped me to sit up.
Later, next morning when I woke in his arms, we would talk about our first night as master and slave and I would be surprised to find out the man who loved me had actually spent almost three hours down there working on me until I had managed to take not one, but both of his hands all the way up to the knuckle. And I would be bruised and a little pained for a couple of days, but the gain I found from this later was I could take his cock in my arse easily without discomfort. He had truly changed my body that night and it was something we kept as one of what would be many of our special secrets.
"I'm going for a shower now." He told me, "Attend to the altar, put out the candles and clean up. And open the window, it stinks of bum sex and your cunt in here!"
I smiled.
"Yes, My Lord."
He glanced towards the floor.
"Show me respect. And don't get up until I've left the room."
I got on my knees, kissed his shoes and remained with my face low to the carpet until he closed the door behind him.
Then I followed orders.

When I came downstairs he was still in the bathroom in the shower. He called me in and pulled me under the warm water, held me close and kissed me.
"Did you like it?"
"Of course I did."
"Do you regret anything?"
"No."
"Good. Because I love it too." He told me, "I 've never felt so good in my life."
He ran his hands over me, soaping my body and caressing me as our skin slid together warmly, wetly, cleanly after all the filth we had wallowed in upstairs it was so new and as if we had never caressed like this before. Our new way of life had drawn us closer together and would draw us closer still. He took me to bed and I slept in his arms, I slept deeply.

When I woke next morning, my arse hurt. It hurt like I'd taken both of his hands up to the elbows, not the knuckles! I was bruised and swollen and wondered how the hell I could go to the toilet without pain, but he told me it would get better, and he was right, but it took it's time, several days before I was back to normal. Normal now being I felt deliciously open, there was no tightness. When I walked I felt the ring of muscle slide a tiny fraction and the together-apart-together sensation drove me wild as newly found nerve endings seemed to fire up with arousal and send a trigger of some kind to my clitoris and made it swell fast and with intensity. We lived in the usual way for the next few days. Except that our love had deepened and I loved him so much already that I hadn't thought that possible, but the making of my dreams had also opened up my mind to the fact that love can be so deep there never is an end to it.

I was feeling near-recovered four days later. Then he told me, Tonight.
I knew what to do. While I was showering, he selected my clothing and left it on the bed. Then he went upstairs and lit the candles and prepared whatever he had in store for me. While I was in the bathroom I wondered what would happen, but I knew I was not allowed to ask.
I shaved my body and rubbed in royal jelly moisturiser. I smelled clean and sweet and my skin was smooth, when I looked in the bedroom I got a surprise.
There was a pair of knee-length, high-heeled PVC boots on the bed and nothing else.
I applied my makeup, wearing a soft frosted lipstick and some blue eyeshadow. When I had finished my face I put the boots on and ran some gel over my cropped hair. Then I went upstairs to kneel at the feet of my Lord.
I entered the room and he was standing there with the candles flickering.
I fell to my knees and kissed his shoes, as I did so my arse was in the air and I felt a flicker of a thrill that ran the whole circle of my muscle as it seemed to have a mind of it's own recalling the fisting. 
"Speak." He commanded.
I looked up at him.
"You are my Lord and Master. I love, worship and adore you, I beg you to take me and use me as you wish."
"Stand up."He told me.
I got up, feeling a little off-balance in the boots. The heels were very high and all I could do was stand there while he spread my legs wider. 
I was wet already, aching and helplessly aroused.
"Keep still." He told me, "I want to look at you." He let his gaze linger on my shaved cunt, lips already open as I swelled up with desire. He walked around me, pausing behind me to stroke the cheeks of my arse and he laughed softly as he felt me tense and shiver as I hoped for more anal play.
"Do you think you would feel blessed by my touch if I spanked you on that soft, senstive cunt of your's?"
"Yes, my Lord." My voice was barely above a whisper as the excitement made my legs tremble.
"What do you want me to do to it?"
I replied but my voice was so drowned out with desire I could barely be heard. He was enjoying this and so was I.&nbsp; He leaned closer.
"What did you say?"
I took a deep breath and spoke again.
"Smack it." I said, "I want you to smack it, my Lord."
"Smack what?"
"My cunt."
"Where on your cunt?"
"Here in the front. On the lips, everywhere. I want it smacked."
He leaned down and opened my slit wide, gave me a gentle rub and lifted the hood back from my clitoris.
"I want to see how big it gets after I've finished with you tonight."He told me, "Believe me, it's going to swell right up.."
And he let go, before I started losing control and begging him to make me come.
He took me over to the chair and restrained me, this time opening my legs wider.
He put his hand over my pubic mound and gave it a gentle squeeze.
"I'm going to make it nice and red for you now." He told me, and slapped me hard. It made me cry out, but the blow wasn't that hard, it was a sharp sting that hurt down the length of my slit but made my outer pussy sing with delight at the joy of pleasure and pain together in a mild to moderate mix.
He slapped me down there again and again, pausing to watch the redness spread over the sensitive skin. Once the whole of my pubic mound was pink and glowing, he paused again and kissed me down there, allowing his tongue to slide the length of my slit just once and no more in case I came too soon.
"As your Lord I have ultimate control over you." He told me, "How you look, what you wear, what I choose to allow you to experience - pleasure or pain - and I have decided that you need some pain tonight because it makes you wetter and I like you to play with yourself. After this treatment tonight you will be very sensitive and feel sore, but you will have some special instructions on what to do about that and failure to carry them out will result in more pain between your legs until you obey. Will you obey me?"
I nodded.
"Master I seek only to please and serve you in what ever way you wish."
"Then I'll begin." He told me.
And I saw what he had in mind because he placed a handful of wooden clothes pegs on the chair beside me. He noticed I tensed up.
"I won't touch your tits, I know you won't like it there. These are going lower down."
I said nothing, just tried to breathe deeply as he took hold of one side of my slit and stretched the soft flesh, sliding the first peg into place and closing it on me. It ran through my mind, Did you get those off the washing line, I did the laundry today!! but then the sharp pain pinched and I gasped, but had no time to think about it because he was applying a second, a third, then a fourth, then raising my flesh on the other side and doing the same again. I looked down and saw a neat row of eight pegs attached to my cunt, the lips hidden with the wooden pegs that closed over them. The lips were pinched hard, pain throbbed but at the same time I was aching to cum hard but I knew if I did while I was clamped the clamps would feel even more painful to remove so I lay there gasping, taking the pain, on the edge of orgasm and needing a final caress to take me over the edge.
He slipped his hand between my legs and parted my lips wide.
"Please, lick me, touch me, let me.." I was begging him.
He kept me held open.
"Shhh." He said soothingly, "Not yet, my darling. Not yet, one more to go.."
It registered and I tried to struggled but the bonds held me firmly.
"No, no, please, not there.."
He picked up the final peg.
"I am your Lord and Master and I have decided you need this." He told me, and slid the open peg onto the hood of my clitoris and snapped it shut.
I screamed, screamed again and all of a sudden the throbbing pain turned to a dull, biting ache. He had clamped me above the clitoris, not on it, but my anticipation of the pain had been far worse than the reality. He had known that, as ever, my master was truly a clever man.
I was laying there taking small, shallow breaths as my cunt ached and pinched beyond belief.
He leaned over me and gently took hold of my face, looked into my eyes.
"Good girl," He said, "You take it, feel it, let it hurt, I'll make it all better in a minute. How is your arse?"
He saw a flicker of fear in my eyes and let go, patted my cheek.
"Is it better now?"
I nodded.
He squirted some lube onto his hand and rubbed it into my arse externally. Then he picked up a tiny, slender sex toy I had never seen before. It was attached to a long tube. He covered the rubber in lube and slid it in to my arse, making sure half of it was in me and half was sticking out of me.
"Does that hurt?"
I shook my head.
He showed me what he had in his hand.&nbsp; The tube lead to a hand held pump.
"It will do in a minute." He promised me, and squeezed the pump.
He squeezed it again. It started to inflate, expanding with every squeeze. I could feel the ring of muscle opening up and being held open. He pumped it some more, then as I felt a throbbing, stretching sensation, he let go of it and left the inflated toy inside me. Now my cunt was burning and my arse was stretched open and my clit was screaming for help.
I was pinned to the chair and could only take it. And all the time as pain and the anticipation of coming pleasure washed over me, all I could think was, Thank you Master. I worship you...
He watched me take it, he watched as I gasped and perspired and begged him for release.
"Who is your master?
"You are."
"Who do you worship?"
"I worship you."
He reached between my legs and took off the peg that was biting my clit. I yelled out and it throbbed and hurt but the pain began to ease, leaving behind a sensation of bruising. This would hurt for a while, the up side to that would be, I would have an ultra-sensitive clitoris for the next few days, after the initial bruising went away, I wouldn't be able to leave myself alone. Which would be just fine for him, he had said, he wanted me to play with myself more often. Now I would have to!
The pain was still hurting like a dull bruise, then he picked up my silver two-inch bullet vibrator and switched it on. As soon as&nbsp; I heard the quiet buzz I gave a moan of relief. He slid it onto my clit, slid it firmly up and down, up and down, while those pegs still bit into my lips.
"Please, take them off, please.."
"No, no, you have to come with them on, you have to come for me like this."
"Oh no," I begged him, "Take them off.."
"No." He told me, and continued to move the metal vibrator up and down my clitoris. He pressed harder, turned the vibe right up. The vibrations sent shivers through my bruised tissue but pushed the pain aside and the power in the tip eventually bullied a big, hard climax out of me, I screamed and screamed and fought against my bonds as I came hard, juice gushing out of me so much I thought at first I'd wet myself.
He rubbed my clit firmly till it stopped throbbing, then quickly took the rest of the pegs off me. A million sensations hit my skin and they were so mixed I couldn't tell them apart and I didn't care because I had just had an orgasm that blew my mind. 
He released the air from the pump and the toy buried in my arse deflated with a hiss and he withdrew it. He let me recover for a few moments, he stroked me and massaged between my legs to get the last of the pain out of me and far from my memory. Then he gave me some gentle kisses down there and his touch seemed to make the discomfort melt. And then it was over for another week.

It became a regular thing. Each time I would wait all week, wanting to be spanked and shagged and feel pleasure and pain and be totally at the mercy of my lover. And no matter how much it hurt, how much he pushed me, I was always thankful. I adored worshipping him and spent all week in anticipation of my session of worship and of taking the pain he gave to me. As time passed, the origional boundaries shifted. He took longer to relieve my pain, the toys got bigger and yes, my tits did get it in the end. And he loved to be worshipped, it changed him a little. He was still the same loving man he had always been but when he entered that room, he well and truly became God. And yes, sometimes the sessions became harsh and sometimes certain areas that had suffered the previous weeks had to be off limits until I was ready for some more. 
As a master he found he had a dark and cruel streak, often dictating my appearance in such a way that I had to go out with him in a far too-short mini skirt and then he would deliberately drop something so I had to bend far, far down to pick it up for him, when I knew the penalty for allowing other men to see was a sharp spanking. I lived with a red pussy for a long, long time. And I needed to double up on the clothes pegs because more and more of them were finding their way off the line and into our sacred place.

Obviously, as things got heavier, that was the end of the road. I'd had enough.

No, not really. There was only one thing to do after we had found out how much we liked to play. We married. We lived happily. We raised a family. The only change that meant was the attic was firmly locked and bolted and set aside for our precious 'private time' when the kids were out and the house would echo with my screams while my powerful Lord used my flesh for his fantasies. And after he's finished playing with me no matter how hard he's worked me over, I clean up, attend to the altar and then it's back to usual until the next time - which never comes soon enough for me.
So it's happy ever after.
Shocking?
Spank me.


The end





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Dorothy Strangelove


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





