BDSM Library - The Nurse




The Nurse
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: 






Keywords&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Use of Sex Toys High Heels Chastity

Categories&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Bondage&nbsp; Femdom Castration Forced Transgendering



Synopsis&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Janet and John were happily married&nbsp; until the day she discovered....



This is a nasty story, don't read it if you are sensitive or if you are under 18. &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;

The Nurse

By Janet Baker



I am a surgical nurse. I don't cut mens' testes off but I know how. I do sew up scrota after the surgeon has done his or her work and my stitching is very elegant. Of course I assist in numerous other procedures and I do feel capable of performing minor surgeries. I also have access to surgical instruments and anesthetics and other necessary medications.



"Janet", Doctor Sperling announced, "Your work is excellent, you should have been a surgeon."



"I would like to have been but as you know its exceedingly difficult to get into medical school. Our educational system often fails to recognize talent and I had the records and grades that would in many other countries have put me directly into medical school but I couldn't be admitted because I did not have a physician in the family or the money."



"No argument, Janet, I agree with you but we are what we are."



I regret to say that I have been left with a sour attitude. My income is a mere fraction of that of the surgeon I assist in spite of the quality of my work and my level of knowledge.



Yesterday the surgical team performed an orchiectomy resulting from the patient suffering from testicular cancer. He was a fairly young man and we all felt sorry for him losing this important part of his anatomy but there was no choice; operate or die. It was my task to sew up the scrotum. I did my best work on this poor fellow. He was single and had discussed the possibility of a sex change with his doctors. He felt that being a largely functional woman would be better than being a hapless non-functioning male subject to ridicule and unable to interact with women on an intimate basis. He had yet to make a decision but he had time to reflect and decide. I visited him after recovery.



He looked up at me and asked, "what should I do nurse? I know what my options are, the doctors have informed me, but from your perspective, the perspective of a woman, what would you do? Do you think I could look like, pass as a woman? Careers? And of course the final surgery - the SRS - how well would I really function as a woman?"



I mulled this a while, finally said, "I am happy as a woman. I have a good sex life, a good profession. There are certain negatives such as the risk of sexual assault, and economic disadvantages, but overall, I would not change even if I could. Realistically, I am a member of a privileged class -- women. I love being a woman."



Sighing, he noted with mixed sadness and optimism, "I don't think I have a choice, I can't face being half a man, I can't look at a woman the way I used to. I think I will discuss transgendering with the docs."



"It may be your best choice; it won't be easy, it will be long and difficult. But on the plus side, you have good features, height, and weight so you would be physically a good candidate. Normally transgenders knew for years that they were 'born in the wrong body' but in your case you've had an abrupt change, which will probably be accepted by the therapists and doctors as good reason to change your gender. Whatever you choose, I wish you luck. If there is anything I can do to aid you, just call."



"Thanks nurse, you've been a great help."



****************************



My husband and I met in college. He was an accounting major and became&nbsp; a CPA. I graduated high in my class as a nurse, then studied to become a nurse practitioner, and then became a surgical nurse. Our professions were hardly compatible but we seemed to be happy even after four years of marriage. Our hours were not compatible and we frequently dined separately or went out to dinner. Breakfast usually consisted of toast and coffee; lunch taken hurriedly in the hospital cafeteria or, in his case, in a local restaurant.



One day I returned home early from work, since the had surgeon called in sick. The sight facing me shocked and sickened me. I found my husband in bed with another woman, and he was dressed in a bra, stockings and heels. I was devastated! I lashed out with a cane hitting both of them repeatedly, screaming epithets at them. I didn't know her. But she was with my husband and I hit her as hard as I could. He grabbed me, trying to stop me, and finally overpowered me, throwing me down onto the floor and holding me down while she hurriedly dressed and fled.



"Get off me goddamn you, you dirty bastard, how could you? And in our bed! You wretched fucking piece of shit."



"Shut up Janet, I can explain. Hold still!"



"Off me damn it, you're hurting me! Explain! No way! No way can you explain this crap!

You're fucking another woman in our bed! God dammit! Don't bother explaining! It's obvious! You've betrayed me! Betrayed our vows! I've been faithful to you -- to our marriage! There is no excuse for this!"



"Calm down Janet, when you can talk rationally, we'll discuss it."



"I am calm! I am very calm! The calm before the storm! The calm before for the fucking hurricane you bastard!"



"Please Jan, shut up so we can talk."



"Talk shit, there is nothing to talk about! I'll fix you, you treasonous rat, you dirty piece of crap!&nbsp; My husband!&nbsp; I'll see a lawyer in the morning!"



I left the house, drove around for over an hour, fuming, steaming, cursing, finally stopping at a strange bar. I walked in, sat at the bar, ordered a stinger, finally cooling down -- a little. The second stinger brought a man to my side. 



"May I join you? You seem agitated, may I be of any help?" he asked. He was a nice looking fellow in his thirties.



I responded, "Thank you, but it is personal, I can't talk to strangers about it, but thanks anyway."



"If I may ask&nbsp; -- without being indiscrete -- ah, this is a gay bar and you look great, but

are you a GG or CD or....?"



Oh crap, I had wandered into a gay bar - oh my!&nbsp; I chuckled, "Thanks, I am all&nbsp; woman and not gay. I just came in here because I'm having a personal problem. I hope no one minds too much. But... I had a conversation today with a young man who may become a woman. I can't reveal any more because of privacy, but tell me; what is the environment, the attitudes, the thinking about a man who has undergone a sex change? This fellow asked my opinion and I could only tell him that I loved being a woman."



"Hmm," he responded thoughtfully. "Lets get a table and I'll round up some diverse characters and we'll have a roundtable for you. Oh yes, I'm Gary."



"Well, OK. I'm not too sure because I'm also having a personal problem, and I'm not sure I can hold a worthwhile discussion. But sure, lets try. I appreciate the input not only for the fellow I just mentioned but also for myself and my problem."



Gary rounded up a few barflies and we had a lively chat. I met Sheila, a lesbian, Ronny, who was 'in transition', Ralph, gay, and Jean, a CD who otherwise was Jonathon. Gary was the only straight person in the group. Denise and Laura, a pair of lesbians completed the group.



Ronny had been under HRT for some time and had had an orchiectomy and was saving up the money for SRS. He explained that he knew from childhood that he should have been female and that now, living as a woman and approaching full womanhood, he is at peace with himself and has never been happier.



Sheila was a very pretty young woman who looked somewhat like Ellen Degeneres. Beauty has no relationship to one's sexual orientation. Sheila has several girl friends, loves being a woman, a gay woman, and is quite happy 'in her skin'.&nbsp; Jean, Jonathon, was a horny heterosexual who simply liked to crossdress. He/she looked great, very convincing as a young woman, and she dressed elegantly, perhaps too elegantly for that bar, but that was her preference. Yes, she preferred to be addressed as Jean and to be referred to as a lady or girl.



After some discussion the music started and some of us danced. Gary asked me to dance. I accepted and we danced, slow and intimate. I was intrigued, pleased, and held him closely. I needed some relief from the pain caused by my husband's infidelity. As we danced, he responded with a modest tumescence which I encouraged. I desperately needed reassurance that I had worth. Before we went too far the dance ended and Laura asked me for the next dance. Laura led as the man and I felt a closeness to her, and we danced intimately, rubbing our bellies and groins together. She whispered that she liked me and suggested that we might become even more friendly. I demurred a bit but I was intrigued with the idea that two women could be so close sexually. She commented that the 'rabbit,' a vaginal vibrator, had made men almost unnecessary -- almost but not quite.



A few hours later, I was ready to leave and made my goodbyes, telling Gary and Laura privately that I would like to see them again. The evening gave me the beginning of a plan of how to deal with my husband. I had met people who lived alternate life styles and were quite content -- apparently. Whether John liked it or not I was going to do something to him in retribution for his egregious betrayal. The plan I was developing would also be most egregious -- oh God would he suffer, for a while, before he became a woman. 

YES, that's was it! I was going to make him a woman. He would suffer to the point where he would beg me to let him complete the transition. 



*****************************



I returned home and told my husband to take up residence in the guest room. 



I laid my plans.



I smuggled home surgical instruments that I needed and didn't have. 



I brought the anesthetics, painkillers and other medications home with me over the next few days. 



I locked them all in a safe I bought and had installed.



I also started him out on a HRT regimen, disguising it as vitamins and watching him take them.



A week later, after a brutal silence, I confronted him, "John, why? Why did you do it? Did she force you? No, of course not. What was purpose of the lingerie, stockings and heels? Did she want you to wear them or was it your idea? Who was she, John?"



"Ahhh, well, uhmm, I don't want to tell you who she is, she's innocent. I failed you."



"Bull, John, it takes two. I want to know who she is -- I want to find out what appeal she has. I want to scream at her! John, what caused the clothes, such as they were?"



He remained mute, hung his head.



"Where do you keep the clothes John? Show me, dammit. You have no idea how close you are to a divorce."



He caved in and led me to his stash, which he kept in a large suitcase in the attic. He had a large collection, from shoes to wigs. He confessed that he liked to wear some bits of womens' wear while he pleasured himself, and then when he started the affair he learned that his partner, his paramour, enjoyed sex with him while he wore lingerie and even heels. I thought she was nutty, that she had a problem, but on the other hand I recalled how much I liked dancing with Laura. It did feel good to rub myself against her and her clothing.



"Well John, you are a well dressed -- what? Do I call you a lady, a woman? What? Explain yourself. Tell me all about it -- your feelings -- your desires. Do you feel more like a woman when you're dressed or do you do it just to masturbate? Speak! Dammit!"



"I...I...I, I...uhm, I...have masturbated while dressed, yes. Do I feel like a woman? I really don't know... I think so... maybe. I do know I love the clothes -- I love dressing. I feel relaxed while dressed. I frequently wear lingerie under my work clothes. I like the feel. I like the idea. It relaxes me"



"John, go to the guest room, take your womens' collection of clothes with you, and dress. Dress completely, top to bottom, and come to the living room and show me."



"Yes dear." he responded eagerly, perhaps thinking he would be forgiven. 

Little did he know!



Shortly thereafter, John showed up well dressed, with a wig and black velvet evening dress, halter type. His bra clearly had forms inserted, and he wore a gold collar and thigh high stockings, glitter type. He lifted his skirt, showing his black lace panties. His bare shoulders meant that he had been depilating himself. Whether he knew it or not, he was quite feminine and really looked great. Then and there I decided that he would wear that ensemble when we sallied forth to do the bar scene.&nbsp; Yes, WE. WE two girls would go to a bar and do our best to pick up some studs. But that would be down the road. I had much to do to him before that time.



"John, I am amazed at how good you look as a woman. It gives much food for thought. In fact I think things will work out very, very well indeed! You are the right height, weight, and age, with good facial features. And you have such cute ears -- chandeliers will look good on you once we pierce your ears."



"Ahhhh, no dear, I'd rather not."



"Ohhh, well John, we'll see. Now go to bed John. Here, have a pill. It'll relax you. See you in the morning and we'll discuss this some more. I am interested in what moved you to dress like that."



I waited until he was asleep, then walked quietly into the guest room.&nbsp; He was sleeping soundly, the sleeping pill had done its work. I readied the needle, injected him, and waited.

While I waited, I brought in the instruments I'd need and a rubber sheet to put under him during the procedure. I shaved his genitalia and cleaned the site thoroughly with antiseptic, checked his vitals, and cleaned a few other sites.



Then I quickly cut open his scrotum, removed his testes, tied off the tubes, and neatly stitched the scrotum. Then I took a large needle and made a hole in his glans and put a ring through the hole, crimping the ends of the ring together. I attached a short, light chain to the ring, and hung a little bell at the chain's end.



Next I pierced his ears, putting studs through the holes. For the piece de resistance I put holes in his nipples and put bar bell shaped fittings through the holes. Later, when the holes had healed and his breasts had developed I would put nipple stretchers over the nipples forcing the nipples out when held by the tiny bar bells. I again checked his vitals; he was OK so I cleaned everything up and left him to sleep. Not wanting him to wake up, panic, and run, I chained one ankle to the bed frame and went to bed, quite satisfied with my night's work.&nbsp; 



In the morning I awoke before him, checked his vitals, and made breakfast. He awoke with a start, realizing that something was wrong. He felt around, felt the bandage on his scrotum and penis, and felt some pain in his ears and worse yet in his nipples. He tried to rise but fell back from pain, and then realized that his ankle was chained to the bed.

He screamed.



"Janet!! What the hell have you done to me?&nbsp; You bitch, you goddamn bitch, what have you done? Why? My God, Janet, I could kill you -- with the utmost freaking pleasure. Let me loose! Loose, dammit! Now!"



"Oh John, be calm, calme tois, mon cher Jean. Or perhaps I should start to call you ma chere Jane. After all when I'm finished with you, we will be like sisters, just think Jane and Janet, out hunting for men. Be careful Jane, don't pull your stitches. No longer will you cheat on me -- your wife -- you philandering dog! H'm, that's an idea, I'll bring Rover in&nbsp; to break in your ass. Until your vagina is complete, your ass may get a lot of attention!"



"Oh my God Janet, you've gone crazy. Look what you've done to me. Yeah! What have you done to me?"



"Well Jane, you no longer have testicles, you are about half a man now and your penis is ringed so don't even try to get an erection! And that little bell will ring merrily while you are mincing along on your heels; it will be sooo cute! Your ears have been pierced for those beautiful earrings and chandeliers and last but not least your nipples have been pierced for those little bar bells which someday will be forced out by a spiral ring fitting over your breasts&nbsp; -- yes Jane, soon you will have breasts."



"Oh my God! My God! You've ruined me, ruined my life! Damn you! And damn you!!!

Let me loose, I want to go to the hospital and get fixed!"



"Oh no, Jane, you've already been fixed -- well fixed -- very well fixed!"



"I'll call the police!"



"If you wish, but think Jane, if your plight becomes public you will suffer more than now, more than you think possible. First, what woman would want you -- half a man? You'd be an object of ridicule -- a man castrated by his wife because he strayed. No Jane, your best course of action is to follow my instructions from here on. You don't have much choice and if later on you do want to change direction, you may. Now, if you've calmed down enough I'll undo that chain and we'll have breakfast and discuss our future."



"Please, Janet, help me! I don't know what to do! What will become of me?&nbsp; What of my future?&nbsp; Do I have a future?&nbsp; This is so cruel! You should not have treated me so cruelly!

Oh....my....God!"



"Jane, get a hold of yourself, you've simply had some procedures done on your body. It happens every day -- well, not castration, but other little things happen frequently. Little girls get their ears pierced daily. No biggy, darling."



"How the hell can you call me darling after what you did to me?"



"What should I call you? Castrati? No, darling we are still married and I still love you in spite of your betrayal. Oh well, maybe we're even now. Maybe now we can look forward to the future."



"How? I'm no longer a complete man -- no balls, a ring in my prick. What use am I to you?"



"Darling, we are now almost sisters. We will live as sisters, we'll have so much fun as sisters, shopping together, hunting men together, maybe even playing sex games together.

You will be a lovely lady, just you wait! I'll probably be jealous because with your male mind you will be hunting for sex continually."



"How can I hunt for sex with a ring in my cock? Damn you anyway!"



"Be patient, Jane, all will be well, just wait, just be patient. I have a plan. I know where this will lead&nbsp; and I know that ultimately you will be thrilled. You may get more sex than you ever imagined. First, Jane, call in to work, and tell them you're sick and won't be in&nbsp; for at least three days. That will give you time enough to feel well and return to work. When you return, go to your HR manager and explain that you are transgendering, that is, you are in the process of becoming a woman. Tell them that next week you would like to start dressing as a woman, that this is part of the process that you have been undergoing for some time. If they pin you down to dates, tell them you started six months ago and that in about six months more the process should be complete. Don't explain the completion, let them research it themselves. In a couple of days we'll do some shopping and buy you your first business suit. You are a professional and should dress accordingly. A tweed suit, knee length skirt, beige or nude pantyhose, three inch heel black leather sling back pumps, earrings, discrete, and pearls. We'll buy you a signature wig that may be supplanted by your own hair when it grows in. I will make you an appointment for a makeover. You need training in makeup. Tuck the bell up in your panties; you don't want to attract too much attention."



************************



We ended up buying more than planned, but that's how shopping usually goes. Jane and I returned home laden with female goodies. I had done the deed to him and&nbsp; I must not have any second thoughts. I must forge ahead with the plan to make him over into a convincing woman and then someday perhaps finish the transition. I wouldn't force him to do SRS but I wanted him eventually to desire it. Gentle persuasion could do it. Gentle persuasion in the form of my having sex with other men might make him want the same -- we'll see.

H'm, perhaps sex with a woman will show him the beauties of lesbian love.



************************



As the months passed, Jane began to look increasingly convincing as a woman. She was accepted at work, dressed nicely with confidence, and did her own makeup very well.

She was still angry at what I did to her -- I insist on calling her .. her -- and our life together had this underlying feeling of hostility. To my regret, I wondered if had not overreacted when I castrated him out of my feeling of rage. But, what's done is done, I decided, and I have to move on. 



"Jane, you're looking great, very feminine and very lady like. Lets go out tonight as girl friends, have dinner, then perhaps a bar and possibly some dancing."



"Oh", he remarked sarcastically, "So we could meet the girl I was screwing and you could have a good laugh? Don't think I've gotten over what you did to me. No way in hell did I deserve to be castrated.&nbsp; However, I realize that I have no choice now, at least no good options, so I have to live with you -- I suppose. I do appreciate how well you've taken care of me after... that night.&nbsp; I'm beginning to suspect you feel somewhat guilty about it. Part of my problem is that I think like a man, not a woman, and frustration and rage are a constant part of my life. I also suspect that you may want me to undergo SRS.&nbsp; You realize of course that if I become a really functioning woman I will probably start screwing every man I can get my hands on, and if you ever enter into a liaison I'll probably try to take him away from you. You may be changing your male philanderer into a full blown nymphomaniac. Well, whatever, let's go out, I'm ready to face the world."



I had no ready reply -- there was some truth in his outburst.



So all I said was, "Come on Jane, lets get dressed. I have an idea, lets both wear our black velvet halter neck dresses, jeweled belts, collars, black pantyhose, and our really sexy almost five inch heels. We'll both wear Chanel No. Five. The main difference will be that you are cuter than me and your breasts are a B cup whereas mine are a C."



Jane looked hot when we finished dressing her and we sallied forth to dinner. Naturally we dined well; the waiters enjoyed the views, and when we finished we went out to find a place to dance.&nbsp; Without thinking, I drove to the gay bar I'd visited months ago after finding John in bed with some woman. We walked in.&nbsp; Jane was uneasy and said, "Janet, what kind of place is this?"



"I was here once, some time ago. It seems to be a place where people of varied tastes and life styles gather because it's a tolerant establishment."



"Why were you here? You weren't out prowling were you?"



"No I found my way here by accident. I was driving around after I found you in bed with her, and here is where I alighted to cool off.&nbsp; I met a few people and chatted a while, then returned home. Let's take a table, have a couple of drinks."



We found a table, sat and watched some folks dancing. I thought I recognized the lesbians dancing together and when they looked our way I waved. They stopped dancing and came to our table, grabbed chairs, and sat down.&nbsp; We made introductions, chatted and yes, they were Denise and Laura, the girls I met some time ago.



I introduced Jane simply as 'Jane', no explanation as to relationship or history.&nbsp; The girls took a liking to Jane and asked to dance.&nbsp; "Jane. How about dancing with me?" asked Denise.



Jane said yes and they started dancing together, slow and close, chatting, gaining a rapport. Laura and I watched for a few minutes and then looked at each other and without speaking, got up and danced also.&nbsp; I remembered how it felt when Laura and I danced those months ago, and again we danced intimately, slow and very close.&nbsp; I had not had sex since castrating my husband and I felt the stirrings of desire, never mind that I was firmly heterosexual. But I experienced feelings of desire as I danced with Laura and as we danced we became mutually aware of feelings for each other. 



Laura broached the subject first. "Janet, I like you, you are so soft, so tender. I would like to be intimate with you.&nbsp; Would that be possible, Janet?"



"Oh, Laura", I gasped quietly as I held her more tightly, "I've never done anything like that. It could be a wonderful experience. Would you teach me the ways of women in love?"



"Yes", she whispered throatily, "I'd love to teach you. Lets exchange numbers, I'll call you. I don't want Denise to know. We aren't exclusive with each other but discretion may be best. What about Jane?"



"I'll take care of Jane. I'll arrange something, either we'll meet somewhere or I'll get her out of the way. Actually, she could be home with us, though we'd have privacy even so."



"Do you think that's wise?"



"I am thinking about it -- I'm not sure yet but I'll do something."



Back at the table, Jane and Denise were quietly engaged in discussion. Denise laughed and then, "Janet, why didn't you tell us the Jane was a cross dresser? Her voice betrays her."



I swallowed, hemmed and hawed. I knew what I'd say but I wanted it to look as though they'd sprung something on me. "Well", I started to say, "Jane is actually in transition. She has a long way to go and she is my dearest friend; she has been my dearest for years."



"Janet, is it possible for you to shave her adam's apple and perhaps tweak her vocal cords to raise her voice? She's very pretty, she makes a lovely girl, but her voice should be a tad more feminine."



"Jane, if I may be permitted to ask, if you are in transition, when will you do SRS?"



Jane looked at me aghast. She couldn't speak. She squeaked, "Well?"



"Girls, that is a personal subject we don't discuss. Period.&nbsp; Come, Jane, lets dance."



Jane led me to the floor, her male instincts prevailing, and we danced -- she leading.



"Janet, you alluded to SRS some time ago and we let the moment pass, but tell me, is that what you have in mind for me ultimately -- to make me into a woman?"



"In truth, Jane I was so mad at you when I castrated you I was not thinking clearly but womanhood did flit through my mind. The reality now is that you live and pass as a woman and you seem to be quite successful. If you want to remain such, I would suggest that you follow the girls' advice and get some minor improvements. Your voice could be a little higher. And yes, eventually you might want SRS which would permit you to function as a woman sexually. That is, you would complete the process and not worry about some intimate friend finding unexpected parts. You are not compelled to do so and indeed you may still leave me and strike out alone. You may also do SRS and then decide to leave me. You have that right. I care for you.&nbsp; I don't want you to leave but I do understand your position."



"God dammit Janet, you really fucked up our lives -- both our lives!"



"You started it Jane, when you took that woman into our bed! Jane, our lives are not fucked up as you so colorfully put it, though they have been changed.&nbsp; You have to decide what path you want to follow. As do I.&nbsp; Should I be satisfied with you wearing a strap-on or me playing with my rabbit, or should I seek out some truly male companionship?"



He couldn't answer, since at that moment Gary walked in&nbsp; and sat down with Denise and Laura. Jane and I joined them and I introduced Jane to him, then quickly asked Gary to dance, since I wanted to brief him on Jane. I told him only that Jane was transitioning. As we danced Gary again&nbsp; became tumescent and I responded by holding him more tightly and rubbing my groin against him.&nbsp; We looked at each other. I nodded slowly and he responded. I said, "Gary, it's been too long -- I need loving -- sex. I want you in me. Will you? Can you? Are you available? No HIV?"



"I'm OK, no bad things, I am available and I would love to -- I'd be honored. When and where?"



"I'll have to arrange it. Give me your number and we'll see. Uhm... would you mind a hotel? My place includes Jane and I'm not sure quite how to handle that situation... yet.

What would be nice would be a weekend at a resort. If we get along well enough we might try a week at a resort. In the winter we could fly to an island in the Caribbean; in the summer, a resort in the Catskills or.... a cruise."



"Sounds like fun, but one step at a time. Tell me about Jane. She lives with you? As a girl friend? As a sister?"



"Not now, I'll tell you about her some time, but right now lets return to the table. Sit next to me."



We sat down, resumed conversation and Ronny joined us. He was in transition and I wanted an update so Jane could hear what he had to say. I was taking a chance; he might have bad things to recount.



"Ronny", I asked, "At what age did you realize that you should have been female and not a male? Also Ronny, tell us how the transition has progressed -- benefits, joys, problems."



"Well, when I was a kid, I liked to play with dolls, I was gentle and reserved, not a bully, not an aggressive child. My parents noticed this and eventually through therapy and psychological examination it was determined that I was a prime candidate for transition. Subsequently I attended a girls school with special dispensation. Naturally I dressed as a girl and continued on into my teen years, then through college.&nbsp; I was on hormone therapy for many years and finally had my testes removed, and happily enough&nbsp; I will very shortly have SRS. My name has long since been changed from Ronald to Ronny and I will shortly become a fully legal woman.&nbsp; Fortunately my company has no concerns, and in fact I have been living as a girl or woman for many years.&nbsp; On the downside, my sex life has been limited but with SRS it should improve and I am really ready to prowl!"



While Ronny was kindly revealing this personal history, I was busy stroking Gary's thigh and penis.&nbsp; His penis responded gratefully, and I thought to myself how much I wanted it in me. I started to breathe more heavily and Gary reciprocated by finding his finger's way to my clitoris. Breathing ascended to gasping and I blushed, causing Jane to glare at me.



To regain control of myself I said, "Ronny, you certainly have taken good care of yourself, you're quite slender and yet athletic."



"Yes, from childhood I have been taking ballet lessons, and although I'm not good enough for a corps de ballet, the lessons have taught me poise, grace and of course, I am a hell of a good dancer."



Gary added, "Ya' know Ronny, a good ballerina could castrate a bull with one kick."



I shuddered at the word, wondering what effect it would have on Jane, but she showed no reaction. Gary and I just kept on diddling each other, getting hotter and hotter. I didn't want to stop but realized I had to since there was no opportunity to make love.&nbsp; It would have been unseemly to throw myself on the table, spread my legs and invite attention. Reluctantly I let go of Gary's cock, pulled my skirt back into place and got up to go to the ladies'.



Jane came along and once in the 'ladies' she hissed,&nbsp; "You horny bitch, you could at least behave yourself in public.&nbsp; If you hadn't cut my balls off we could be making love tonight.&nbsp; You nearly had an orgasm in there.&nbsp; I am pissed and embarrassed at the same time."



"I'm sorry Jane, I got carried away since it's been a while since...."



"Don't blame me Janet, sorry doesn't cut it.&nbsp; I didn't deserve castration."



Driving home in silence, I mulled the evening.&nbsp; What to do?



************************



Laura called a few days later and suggested a 'get together'.



"Janet, Laura here, I was wondering if our moment at the bar was real and if we could see each other."



"Laura, I would love to. I have been doing a little fantasizing and yes, I really want to see you again.&nbsp; I want you to teach me how women make love. Where and when hon?"



"I have my own apartment, Janet.&nbsp; Lets meet there."



We arranged a time and I mulled over an excuse to give Jane. The hell with it.&nbsp; Jane does not get an excuse. She will simply be informed.



"Jane, I'm going out.&nbsp; I'm going to visit Laura.&nbsp; Be back later.&nbsp; Be a good girl and do the dishes please."



"Oh nice, you're going to get fucked and I do the dishes."



"As you wish. Bye."



And I left. 



Laura had a cute little apartment.&nbsp; She welcomed me in and we had a couple of drinks while she showed me some of the accessories, gadgets, and appliances that she used in making love with women although she emphasized that tongues and fingers were the primary tools of love.&nbsp; Examining these toys raised desire in me and we started to cuddle and kiss, I followed her lead, emulating her techniques. Gradually we stripped.



"Janet, what would you like me to do or show you now?"



"Laura hon, it's been a while since I have had a man in me, how about something -- anything -- in my pussy?"



"I have just the thing. My double dildo panties will please both of us. Watch as I put them on. One dildo goes in me, the other in you and when I thrust, we both enjoy the feeling.

You do it.&nbsp; Pull them up to my crotch, then lube the one that goes into me and slowly shove it in.&nbsp; That's it!! Oh my!&nbsp; Oh, Ohhhh.&nbsp; Now, you lie down, spread your legs, lube your pussy, then lube the dildo and guide it in. There, that's it.&nbsp; And now my love we fuck like mink!!"



And did we ever! Fucked and fucked and fucked some more.&nbsp; I hadn't realized I'd been so deprived. Oh God, was I horny!&nbsp; I really wanted to be fucked!&nbsp; Making love, no, making lust with Laura was an eye opening experience.&nbsp; After we disengaged we rested awhile in each others' arms, quietly enjoying our new love.



"And now my sweet Janet, let me show you something else. This is a rabbit.&nbsp; It vibrates, rotates and you thrust it as you wish.&nbsp; Here, lube it and try it, it'll drive you up the wall into ecstasy.&nbsp; Like it?"



"Oh my God, this is freaking awesome! My God! My God! Ohhh, my God!!"



"I take it you like it."



"Ohhhh!"



"Now Jan, my best!&nbsp; This is a 'fucking machine'.&nbsp; You straddle it, lower yourself onto the dildo then turn it on.&nbsp; It rotates, vibrates and thrusts as fast or slow as you like.&nbsp; I assure you that you will be fucked and thrilled beyond belief."



I lowered myself onto it, turned it on, closed my eyes and entered paradise.&nbsp; I screamed and squealed and cried out and moaned and rotated myself 'till I almost fainted, it was so great -- so... so...!



"Oh my God&nbsp; Laura, when can we do this again?"



"Soon."



I returned home to an unhappy Jane who greeted me with a snarl and asked sarcastically, "Well, did you get fucked?"



"If you must know, yes! And well fucked at that! But I tell you Jane, there is a world of love and pleasure woman to woman. I almost envy you. With your male mind and womanly equipment you will be a terror -- or joy -- to both sexes.&nbsp; Jane, don't give me a hard time over my need for sex -- after all, this situation began when I found you in our bed with some woman.&nbsp; I think that the next time I enter into a liaison with someone I'll do it at home. Maybe you'd like to watch!"



"I'd rather not."



"Fair enough. If I bring someone home or invite someone to dinner 'and', you may retreat to your bedroom.&nbsp; You do have a TV there."



"If it's all the same to you, I'd rather not know what's happening. Just do it and shut up!"



"Oooo, nasty, nasty"



Just for that I decided to bring Gary home and fuck him with as much noise as I could make.&nbsp; I called him forthwith and suggested he come to dinner the next evening and be prepared to spend the night.&nbsp; He accepted with alacrity.&nbsp; Of course.



"Jane, I just invited Gary to dinner tomorrow evening -- dinner for three of us."



"Hmph"



I didn't tell Jane I expected Gary to spend the night.&nbsp; Our bedrooms were adjacent. 

I hoped he would hear us.&nbsp; 



I arrived home first as usual and prepared dinner, set the table and then showered, did my hair, my makeup, and dressed in my silver sheath, silver sandals, diamond necklace and bracelet, and a splash of Chanel No 5.&nbsp; I was ready and more than willing.&nbsp; Oh, God was I hot.&nbsp; The anticipation was causing my panties to get wet -- I changed them twice.



Jane arrived, took one look at me and stalked off to her bedroom in a fit of pique.&nbsp; 



Gary brought flowers, I kissed him on the lips, gently, but with passion and held him.

I did stick my tongue in his mouth and he reciprocated and I whispered quietly, "Gary you will spend the night, won't you?" He nodded yes.



"Oh Gary, how nice. Make yourself at home while I put the flowers in a vase.&nbsp; 

Jane should be joining us for dinner but then the evening will be ours."



I adjourned to the kitchen, cut the flowers for the vase, put them in the vase, added water and brought them to the dining room and put them on the center of the table for all to see and admire, especially Jane.&nbsp; Catty me.



Gary and Jane both enjoyed my dinner. I served pork chops specially selected. I asked the butcher for chops that were heavily marbled and one and one half inches thick. I breaded them and cooked them to 145 degrees, assuring the most succulent result. They were accompanied by asparagus and mashed potatoes.&nbsp; I served a Zinfandel blush and oeufs a la neige for dessert.&nbsp; Jane naturally was in a snit, and when I asked her to clean up she simply said no and walked, no, stalked off to her bedroom.&nbsp; I was glad because I could then cuddle with Gary as we were clearing the table and loading the dishwasher.



We adjourned to a small study where we had a comfortable love seat and a TV and incidentally, our computer.&nbsp; 



"Gary, what's your pleasure, porn or comedy or drama? I have all the above."



"How about a Jewell Marceau bondage disk?"



"Oh yeah, you like bondage, huh?"



"Some, gentle, not too complicated, more symbolic than actual, such as wrists tied loosely in front of you."



"Gary, I think I could get really hot if I had my hands cuffed behind me, then was put down on my knees and 'forced' to suck you off.&nbsp; You could hold my head and thrust your cock all the way into my mouth down into my throat.&nbsp; That is soooo erotic."



"H'm....suppose you get a couple of sashes or ties or something like that and I'll tie your hands behind you and see if you like it. OK?"



"Oh honey, I like, I like. I know, I have some old ties, you know, mens' ties, we'll use them."



I rummaged in my bedroom closet, found some of John's old ties and brought them to Gary. He tied my wrists behind my back.&nbsp; I immediately felt submissive and looked up at him asking for more.&nbsp; He tied my arms together at the elbows, pulling them almost together, forcing my chest out, erotically displaying my breasts.&nbsp; Then he 'forced' me to my knees, spreading them for balance and tied my ankles together so I could not move.

He sat back smilingly viewing his handiwork.&nbsp; I waited.&nbsp; He unzipped his trousers, brought forth that cock I had so much fun stroking at the bar and placed the tip between my lips.&nbsp; I held it with my lips, tickling the underside with my tongue.&nbsp; As it stiffened, he thrust it farther into my mouth.&nbsp; I gagged, withdrew my head and tried again.&nbsp; The gag reflex annoyed me as it interfered with Gary's pleasure.&nbsp; I apologized.&nbsp; He said, "no problem."&nbsp; I continued to take it deeper and yet deeper until I felt his balls on my chin.

He exploded.&nbsp; My God, it spurted right down my throat. And it spurted and spurted some more. 



"Janet, that was great. You are good!!"



"Thanks, that was my first!"



"None of my business but your husband never asked for oral sex?"



"Never!&nbsp; Are you going to leave me here, tied?"



"I'll think about it.&nbsp; I like seeing you there, waiting for my pleasure -- accepting me as your man!"



"Gary, carry me to our bedroom, yes, our bedroom, yours and mine.&nbsp; I want you to fuck me and I want to make a lot of noise showing you that you please me so much."



"I'd love to but I think you just want to irritate Jane."



"There is that element of my character, no doubt.&nbsp; Enough of that! Untie my ankles, spread my legs! Fuck me 'till I cry uncle! Fuck me! Fuck me! Fuck me!"



My arms were still tied very tightly and it hurt, but it hurt so good as I thrust up against him while he rammed his cock deeply into me again and again.&nbsp; Oh God, what a fucking!!



He untied me and we coupled again and he came and came again and then we rested -- walked naked to the living room -- had another drink and when I was able to bring him to another erection we didn't even wait to return to the bedroom but screwed on the floor.&nbsp; What a night!&nbsp; Exhausted, we went to bed, slept 'till dawn.&nbsp; Upon rising we showered together, dressed, made breakfast, and faced a very unhappy Jane, who scowled, growled, and refused to even look at us.



Gary had no idea of the relationship between Jane and myself but was put out and embarrassed by Jane's obvious discomfiture.&nbsp; He motioned me into the kitchen and demanded an explanation.&nbsp; I explained the situation leaving out the castration, noting only that he was in transition and was living as Jane and was still legally my spouse, at least until we did divorce.&nbsp; He might resent my social life but that was unfortunate -- for him.

I did tell Gary that Jane (John) and I ceased having relations some time ago and I was certainly not going to deny myself a normal sex life.



"I needed you Gary, I really needed you -- in me."



"Janet, you are the most passionate woman I have ever met -- at least the most passionate screw I've ever experienced.&nbsp; I guess you were... ready... for a date."



"Date hell Gary, I was ready for a fucking!&nbsp; Tell it like it is!&nbsp; Will I see you again?"



"Wild horses couldn't keep me away from you.&nbsp; I have an apartment, would you like to move in with me?&nbsp; It might make things easier for Jane if she didn't have to listen to nightly screaming."



"Oh! Was I too noisy?"



"No, not really... but perhaps... we could be a little more quiet."



"I'll think about it.&nbsp; Off hand I'll say no.&nbsp; I still have obligations here -- Jane's transition.

But I'd like to spend some time with you at your place.&nbsp; Perhaps next weekend we could visit New York and take in some shows and wreck a bed.&nbsp; Don't look so disappointed. You could come for dinner Wednesday and stay 'till midnight.&nbsp; Hmmm?"



"It's a deal, I'll bring the Zinfandel and make a reservation for the weekend."



Gary left and I called Jane. She slammed her bedroom door, tromped into the living room and started yelling at me.



"Too bad I can't castrate you! What a goddamn carrying on!&nbsp; All for my benefit I suppose!

Is this the way we're going to live, with you cuckolding me day after day?&nbsp; You're a bitch!&nbsp; I can't think of any other way to put it.&nbsp; You castrated me, put me on hormones, and now you're fucking the neighborhood!"



"Jane, you can leave me anytime; you may leave me anytime.&nbsp; You are in transition, you have a good job, you look like a woman, pass easily as a woman, you are not far from SRS and becoming a real woman.&nbsp; Since castration you have not done anything to please me or give me any sexual relief.&nbsp; I had to do something to revive my sex life -- to feel like a woman again after the devastating revelation of your infidelity. By the way, Gary is coming for dinner Wednesday and we will go to New York for the weekend.&nbsp; Why don't you go to Cape Cod for the Fantasia week?&nbsp; You'll meet many like-minded or similarly affected souls there. You might have a great time."



"You're so fucking nice", he answered as sarcastically as possible with true venom in his voice.



************************



Wednesday was strained, since Jane insisted on hanging around us until Gary and I finally simply gave up and locked ourselves in my bedroom, but the sex was great -- naturally.



The weekend in New York was a ball. We saw two shows, ate well, and screwed with gay abandon.&nbsp; Returning from the city fatigued, we called it a weekend, he dropped me off at my home promising to see me on Thursday.&nbsp; I didn't tell him I wanted to spend time with Laura.&nbsp; I called her on Monday and proposed dinner and fun on Wednesday.&nbsp; She accepted and we made arrangements.



***********************



Wednesday came and we met at that little exclusive Italian restaurant we had visited for lunch some weeks ago.&nbsp; We hugged, and exchanged kisses like old lovers.



"Oh Janet, I'm so happy to see you again. We had such a good time.&nbsp; I hoped that you enjoyed it as much as I did.&nbsp; I hadn't heard from you and wondered if you were a bit off put by the special relationship."



"Oh nooo, love, I was just busy with -- shall we say -- a heterosexual affair that happily consumed a lot of very hot time.&nbsp; I'm in love again.&nbsp; Yes! With you and with him!&nbsp; What shall I do?&nbsp; With my two lovers? "



"Well, you can take turns with us. He's a guy -- I don't like guys -- I like you. Tonight I have something new that you might like. I don't want to discuss it here but lets not take too much time over dinner...." 



"Oh Laura, you hot little pussy you, I can hardly guess what you have in mind -- you showed me so much the last time.&nbsp; I still get twitchy pussy thinking about that machine"

I picked up my glass. "Here's to us, girlfriend."



Laura and I finished our dinner, gave the valet boys an eyeful, and drove off to Laura's apartment.



"Janet, as you know, I am the dominant side of a lesbian pair and thus I like to control the relationship and I want you to wear some erotic clothing and I want to restrain you and make love to you while you are suitably 'tied up' or 'tied down' or whatever I happen to have in mind.&nbsp; H'mmm?"



"Oh Laura! That makes me so hot!&nbsp; My hetero tied me up and screwed me to distraction.&nbsp; I was soooo freaking hot!&nbsp; We screwed for hours!&nbsp; When he couldn't get it up any more we used a strap-on and I sat on top of him and pounded him into the mattress.&nbsp; Please tell me, show me what you have.&nbsp; Handcuffs?&nbsp; Steel collar?&nbsp; Leg irons?&nbsp; And please make me sit on that machine!&nbsp; I dreamt of lowering myself onto that awesome dildo and having it screw me to oblivion.&nbsp; Do you have a gag?&nbsp; I don't want to wake the neighbors!"



"We'll do all that and more, Jan, but first I want you to strip and put on this corset, thigh highs, and a special pair of boots.&nbsp; Then I'm gong to spread you out on the bed and use a strap-on.&nbsp; First the corset.&nbsp; Stand up.&nbsp; Hold on to those chains hanging from the ceiling.&nbsp; That will stretch you while I lace up the corset.&nbsp; Suck in your gut, Jan. Here we go!&nbsp; Tighter and tighter as you look more like a Gibson girl!&nbsp; Can't breathe?&nbsp; Take shorter breaths.&nbsp; You'll get used to it. And now the ballet boots.&nbsp; Point your toes, we'll pull them on and lace them up and then you can practice walking for a few minutes."



"Ow, Laura, they're so high, I can hardly stand much less walk.&nbsp; I love the corset -- the constricted feeling.&nbsp; It makes my pussy twitch."



"Walk, Jan. I can wear them and walk well in them. It's just a matter of practice and when you do better I'll put leg irons on you.&nbsp; That'll make you really strut and make you very hot."



"Yeah, but how can I spread my legs for you?"



"No problem. I'll just bend you over that table and screw you from behind. I could get you vaginally or anally, whichever you're in the mood for my sweet."



"Ohhh, God, Laura, please do me now, do something, I'm so hot."



"Put your hands behind your back Janet, I'm going to cuff you and kneel you beside the bed so you can entertain my pussy.&nbsp; I'm cuffing your ankles together so you won't get up

until I'm done having orgasms.&nbsp; With your teeth, girl, pull my panties down and make ready your tongue.&nbsp; Good girl!&nbsp; That was number one! Keep going!"



Laura squeezed my head between her legs, keeping me right at her cunt licking away while she moaned, howled, and writhed.&nbsp; Finally, spent, she lay back, released my head and I rested against the bed.&nbsp; We stayed like that for a while just resting.



"How's the tongue, Janet?" she asked.



"Tired, tired, tired", I replied.



"Janet, I want a dildo in me.&nbsp; I'm putting a harness on your head that holds a dildo gag.&nbsp; You bite hard on it, holding it, and push it into me, faster and faster until I orgasm again."



She strapped a harness tightly onto my head. One end of the dildo functioned as my gag and the other end was a large dildo for her pleasure.&nbsp; By the time she came, I was exhausted.



"Laura darling, you've had all the fun and I'm tired. I want to play on the machine, please!&nbsp; Please Laura, uncuff me so I can get some relief."



"OK Janet but first I want to put some more restraint on you.&nbsp; I'm cuffing your arms above the elbows and I'm going to hoist you to your feet, stand you, spread your legs and 

shove a rabbit into your pussy.&nbsp; I think you'd love that, right Jan?"



I started to breathe more heavily at that idea.&nbsp; She had a hoist affair of some sort and linked a chain to my arm cuffs and hoisted me 'till my feet were off the floor, then she spread my legs with a bar, sat down in front of me, and started thrusting the vibrating rabbit in and out of my pussy.&nbsp; 



I could do no more than squirm, writhe, and howl with joy as that rabbit drove me to climax after climax.&nbsp; My arms tired from holding me up but she finally let me down.



"Oh God, Laura, that was awesome.&nbsp; Let me rest please, just for a while.&nbsp; Then we can resume. I still want to impale myself on the fucking machine Laura, please."



Thirty minutes on that machine and I had come again. ' Oh, what fun! 



"Janet, help me on with my ballet boots and we'll practice walking together. They are difficult but very erotic.&nbsp; Lets race!&nbsp; See who can walk the fastest."



I helped Laura on with her boots, helped her up and we practiced the ballet strut -- difficult but erotic as hell.



"That was fun Janet, now lets put on leg irons, yes, on both of us and try walking again.

Now see if you can kneel gracefully holding your hands behind you as though you are readying yourself to suck.&nbsp; H'mm, very good Jan, you're very graceful. Now that you're down there tongue me again.&nbsp; I'm going to cuff your wrists to your ankles and leave you."



"Laura! What do you mean?"



"I'm going to the kitchen to get us some drinks, that's all."



Eventually we both tired and quit for the night and I left for home.

Laura was kind enough to lend me her fucking machine.&nbsp; I wanted to show Jane what a ball one could have and also demonstrate the feeling of a good prick in ones' anus or vagina.



****************************



At home Jane was waiting -- pissed.



"You look like you've been screwing again. Believe me I am pissed!"



"I was out with a woman, a friend, we had dinner and then watched a movie at her place. And these two toys are what we played with. I borrowed them from her to show you what fun we women have with them. I'll demonstrate.&nbsp; The rabbit is primarily for vaginal use since it has a little vibrating tongue that diddles your clit and this machine -- awesome!&nbsp; Watch how I use it. First I'll put on a smallish dildo for my anal fun then a jumbo size for vaginal entertainment." 

I laid down on the living room floor and proceeded to se the rabbit to full effect, squealing, screaming, moaning with obvious pleasure.&nbsp; Well, maybe I overdid it a tad.

Then I demonstrated the anal dildo on the machine and again screamed, squealed and moaned, gyrating passionately, squirming, thrusting myself up and down.&nbsp; Then I used the jumbo dildo lowering myself onto the rotating, thrusting, vibrating dildo as I as before voicing my ultimate pleasure of the unbelievably joy given me by Laura's toys.



" Some time when we have Laura over for dinner I'll show you how we use the double dildos that come with the machine," I told him.&nbsp; They are configured so we two women impale ourselves vaginally, facing each other.&nbsp; I&nbsp; guarantee you a demonstration when we have Laura over for dinner and I assure you that you will be greatly impressed.&nbsp; Laura and I have done this at her place and it was an unworldly pleasure -- we held each other, kissed and even came together -- a number of times.&nbsp; When we finished we were exhausted -- totally."



"Maybe, but most of the time you're out I know it's with Gary. I may be half woman but we're still husband and wife legally and I am trying to cope with what you did to me and your blatantly fucking Gary is so painful to me.&nbsp; I tell you again that castrating me was beyond belief and that goddamned ring in my prick is a constant reminder of your sadistic bent.&nbsp; I don't want you to bring him into our house again!"



"Get over it Jane. I want to help you make a smooth transition into womanhood. I am trying to help you. Your job is going well, you look like&nbsp; a woman.&nbsp; One of the surgeons will help with your throat changes this coming Friday so you'll have the weekend to recover.&nbsp; Make arrangements for Friday off&nbsp; and I'll nurse you over the weekend and Monday if necessary."



"Thanks, I'll accept that but I am more than suspicious of your nursing techniques."



"Next week, Jane, we'll start going out together and developing your social skills. In other words, you'll learn how to cope with men.&nbsp; That includes fending them off or attracting them and seducing them."



"Oh great! What do I do if some guy wants to get into my panties? Well Janet?"



"You'll do what we women do&nbsp; --&nbsp; plead that time of the month, and if you like the guy offer to 'do something else' and lick your lips suggestively. Also we'll get you a body shaper that will protect your privates.&nbsp; If the evening plays out well enough, you or we could bring him home, or if necessary find a hotel.&nbsp; Love and lust always find a way, lovey!"



***************************



Two weeks later, Jane's throat had recovered, her voice had taken on a feminine quality and we dressed to go out.&nbsp; I had planned on the QT with Gary to bring a friend to a bar we agreed upon.&nbsp; I emphasized that his friend be someone Jane could find desirable.



"Janet", she complained as we were dressing, "I like the idea of going out and drinking, dancing, and socializing, but I have never sucked anyone off and I don't know how and worse, I don't know that I want to.&nbsp; I still think like a man and I don't like men&nbsp; -- I'm not gay."



"Of course you're not gay, but as a woman what you do for your man may be quite normal and acceptable.&nbsp; Many women won't touch a penis, much less suck on it but there are many other women who adore it for many reasons.&nbsp; For example, teen girls are known to prefer oral since it protects their virginity and their health.&nbsp; I do understand that it would be new for you. I remember my first was a bit frightening.&nbsp; Not because of what it was but because I wanted to be good at it and satisfy my man.&nbsp; When I finally got to it, I found that it was quite pleasing, in many ways.&nbsp; The feeling of power over the man is extraordinary.&nbsp; They will do anything for you if you'll suck them off.&nbsp; It isn't that they have power over you although with you on your knees it looks that way, but really when you kneel before him, he is in your power.&nbsp; And also Jane, the longer you live like a woman and socialize like a&nbsp; woman the more you will accept being a woman.&nbsp; I love being female and I'm convinced you will like it too&nbsp; -- just give it time."



"Maybe, Janet, maybe I'll find out and maybe I'll agree but I've&nbsp; never done it. Show me!"



"H'mm, OK Jane.&nbsp; Come with me."



I clipped the chain off his penis ring, and demonstrated some oral techniques although he could not achieve an erection.&nbsp; But he did feel and observe my technique.



"Now Jane, we'll lube a dildo and you can practice on that for a while, not too long, we are planning to go out.&nbsp; Give it a quick try. We'll do more later, but now lets finish getting dressed.&nbsp; I'm wearing my satin sheath; I suggest the velvet for you, and of course we'll wear perfume, very high heeled sandals, and I'll help you make up.&nbsp; But first Jane lets try the machine. I want you to sit on the dildo and experience what we women love so much."



A little later a well fucked Jane rose unsteadily from the machine,&nbsp; turned&nbsp; to me and said, "Oh my God, Janet, that was awesome -- soooo freaking fabulous.&nbsp; Lets try it together, I'll do anal of course and you face me doing vaginal."



We did, oh how we did.&nbsp; Jane and I bonded as we have never done before. 

I said, "Jane, no matter what happens now or no matter what we do, I want you to know that I do love you and want you to be happy.&nbsp; You are at a point where you can start to think of the decision to go forward with womanhood or simply continue to hate me.&nbsp; Hate is non-productive.&nbsp; What's done is done. I love you and I want you to be happy -- as a woman since there is no choice now -- no going back."



Shortly thereafter we two hot looking girls sallied forth to do battle with the other sex.

I anticipated a fun evening&nbsp; -- I hoped it would work out well for Jane.&nbsp; She needed a boost. 



We drove to the bar Gary and I had agreed upon, entered and took a table, ordered drinks, 

and glanced about, viewing the other patrons, primarily the men.&nbsp; Shortly thereafter Gary and a friend entered, saw us, and came over to our table and asked if they might join us. I smiled and said please do. Laughingly I added that it would be nice for someone else to buy the drinks.&nbsp; Jane scowled at me, knowing full well that this was a set up. 

 

I said, "Jane darling lets dance."



She reverted to a neutral face, stood up, and we danced.



"Well Janet, it's obvious this was a plant since your fucking friend is here and I'm supposed to suck his friend off.&nbsp; Right?"



"Jane, for Chriss' sake let up!&nbsp; Yes dammit, I asked Gary to bring a friend -- a nice friend.

You are not obligated to do anything you don't want to do but you could at least be pleasant and not wreck the evening for all of us.&nbsp; Straighten up Jane and have fun or I'll walk out and leave you here and I'll take the guys with me.&nbsp; Then what will you do?&nbsp; All dressed up, no money, no way home -- not good, girl!"



"I'll try, I know you're trying to help and I'll try to be good. Maybe after a couple more drinks I'll mellow out."



"That's the spirit, girl!&nbsp; Lets go get 'em!"



We returned to the table, the guys asked us to dance, and we had fun slow dancing, rubbing bellies and grinding groins. Judging from the way Roger and Jane chatted and danced they were having a good time, which augured well for the evening.&nbsp; A few drinks later Jane suggested we take a booth in secluded corner of the bar.&nbsp; Surprised the hell out of me but I was more than pleased, since Gary and I could then indulge in some heavy petting. It didn't take long before he fingered my clit while I sucked his tongue, and I noticed that Jane had encouraged Roger to caress her breasts while she stroked his penis. 



I watched this intermittently for a few minutes and then said, "Jane, ladies room!"



We went to the ladies&nbsp; and I said, "It looks like you're having fun. What's your intention?"



"I like the guy and believe it or not I want to spend the evening with him and maybe have some....&nbsp; some kinda sex with him."



"Sounds like a plan. How soon should we cut out?&nbsp; I know Gary would leave anytime.

But where? What's your thinking?"



"I think... that... we should take them in both cars... to our place and you and Gary use your bedroom and Roger and I will use my room -- the goddamn guest room. OK darling?

That's what you want isn't it?"



"Don't be pissy, Jane, you don't have to, and certainly don't do something for my sake."



"Lets go get the guys. No, we'll take one car. I want to suck cock in the back seat."



"Alright Jane, at least try to be pleasant."



"It's awfully difficult to be unpleasant with your mouth full of cock, Janet. You should know, I'm sure that you spend a lot of time with a full mouth."



"Oh, shut up Jane, lets get to it. I have an idea! Lets suck them off together in the living room and see who can bring her man to an orgasm first!"



"OK Janet, winner gets to finish the other one."



The guys were fucked and sucked to a frazzel.&nbsp; Jane sucked; I fucked.&nbsp; They stayed over night and the next morning after breakfast we resumed. I let Roger fuck me while Jane was sucking noisily on Gary's tiring prick, trying desperately to bring it to life again.



When they were ready to leave, Jane and I drove them back to the bar to pick their car.

I drove while Jane continued to entertain Roger in the back set. I could hear a lot of slurping and gasping.&nbsp; Evidently they were having a good time.



Gary said, "you guys are insatiable, haven't you had enough for the day?"



Jane couldn't speak but Roger said, "Never, never could I get enough of this girl! I'm waiting 'till the moon changes so we can do more."



Jane and I returned home and we discussed the past evening and morning.



"Jane, I am so pleasantly surprised. You appeared to have had a great time. What happened darling?"



"Well Jan", he somewhat reluctantly confessed, "sucking him off wasn't too bad and it was nice to please someone who appreciates your efforts for a change." He gave me a sour and reproachful look.



"Ha! You did swallow, Janie baby, you must have liked the taste of his cum. Want to do it again? H'm."



"Yes, by God, Roger was so nice to me and I wouldn't mind seeing him again. Will you set it up Janet or should I just call him? Perhaps I could start having him over for dinner and fun and if you wish, you can disappear for the evening.&nbsp; My ass is twitching just thinking about an evening with him.&nbsp; He said I was a great suck and he'd like to find out how good a fuck I would be.&nbsp; I looked at him coyly, smiled and replied that I was looking forward to it."

"Fortunately Janet, spending time on the fucking machine has showed me how much fun can be had with a dildo in my ass.&nbsp; I would feel much more emotionally attached with Roger because of his warmth rather than the cold plasticity of your damn strap-on.&nbsp; I am sure his warm throbbing cock would be much more satisfying than your dildos."



"I understand you, Janie but you just can't imagine the feeling of Gary's really big cock thrusting in and out, up and down as he transports me to fucking heaven.&nbsp; I am so glad that I found Gary.&nbsp; He is giving me all the things, all the feelings that you could not possibly have provided."



"Well Janet, where do we go from here? Divorce or truce? Do you love Gary or just like to fuck him? I like Roger but I don't want to live with him; I don't love him although I do like pleasing him. If we continue as spouses, how will we satisfy each other without this flagrant cuckolding?&nbsp; What will become of us and our former love if I finish transition and become more of a woman?"



He hesitated a moment, as if uncertain about sharing an idea that had occurred to him.



"Janet, you really fucked us up when you overreacted and castrated me.&nbsp; A casual fuck never deserves such terrible retribution. The only way we can ever be united, content, is if I do something to you."



I replied firmly, "No way Jane are you going to do anything to me that you might consider 'getting even'."&nbsp; "We are done with this tit for tat crap, we move ahead together or we separate! Make up your mind!"



"OK, Janet, you win. I'd like to experience a few new things, though. I would like you to do some bondage on me -- rope or cuffs or whatever you might have in mind."



"Interesting, Jane but I'm not sure exactly what to do.&nbsp; Aaa.. show me what you might want me to do to you."



"Well, OK Jan, I hadn't thought about bondage as the dom, I was really thinking of myself being restrained.&nbsp; But OK, lets see what we can do.&nbsp; Lets go to the bedroom."



Holy Christ was I stupid!&nbsp; As soon as he cuffed me, he gagged me, knocked me out with chloroform and when I awoke I had rings through my labia absolutely preventing me from having vaginal intercourse and I had my nipples pierced with bar bells through the holes.&nbsp; When I awoke I hurt like hell!



"Jane, you bitch, why?"



"Why the hell do you think??&nbsp; We are now even, at least as even as we can get without really screwing you up. There's more to go.&nbsp; When your nipples are healed I'm going to put a nipple stretcher on each breast so your nipples will really stand out.&nbsp; Now Janet, my darling wife if you want sex with Gary, it will be oral or anal.&nbsp; If you like getting it in the ass, maybe I'll try it -- maybe I'll like it.

I don't have many choices."



*********************************



A week passed. I was healing nicely but getting really frustrated from not being able to fuck.&nbsp; Jane had really fucked me good.&nbsp; I'm going let Gary try my ass to see if I like it.&nbsp; Jane warned me that if I took out the rings without her permission, she would put them back without anesthetic.&nbsp; She is stronger than me.&nbsp; The only choice would be to move out and I don't want to do that.&nbsp; I'm getting to the point where I might have to ask her forgiveness so we can go on with life.



*************************************



Weeks passed.&nbsp; I had no trouble dating Gary but our sex was limited to anal and oral.&nbsp; Gary was pleased -- he liked ramming it into my ass, hearing me squeal with -- delight? Or with pain? Either way, he loved it and he loved having me blow him regularly. Jane evidently had no problem with my sex life outside our marriage even though she was less entertained than I.&nbsp; Roger did see her now and then.



"Jane", I called her from the kitchen Friday evening, "Gary called, would like to go out with Roger and the two of us -- dinner and dancing.&nbsp; OK?"



"Sure", he replied, seemingly pleased, "It's been a while since we've been out together.&nbsp; It would be a change.&nbsp; You and Gary have been out regularly and I can just imagine what you've been doing and maybe it's my turn for some fun, I haven't seen Roger lately.&nbsp; Maybe he's tired of me.&nbsp; Yeah, sure lets go out. It might be fun, getting dressed for a fucking."



"Dammit, Jane, I hope you're not being pissy and sarcastic again."



"Not really Jan, actually my outlook is improving, my figure is looking more feminine, I don't know why but you've been styling my hair nicely, I feel better about myself and I'm starting to think about taking the rings out of your labia. 

You have been very nice to me. Could we finally declare a truce and get on with life?"



"I hope so Jane. I am believing more and more that I did overreact and did do something terrible to you.&nbsp; I hope you'll forgive me.&nbsp; There is no return however and you should still consider SRS as a way to have a real life.&nbsp; There are many men who have become women and are still successful in life and in their professions.&nbsp; In some cases, profession dependent, women are more successful than men due to their sex.&nbsp; C'mon hon, lets dress and do battle with the opposite sex."



"OK Janet, after we return home, I will anesthetize you and remove the rings. The next time we go out we can really get a good fucking. I'm ready to try a man in my ass.&nbsp; But don't tell the boys, otherwise they'll be too anxious to terminate the evening and get back home.&nbsp; Lets just drag it out and have a good long date.&nbsp; We can suck and fuck them silly when we return home.&nbsp; If we wish, we can suck them off.&nbsp; A few days from now we should be able to fuck, I'll work on educating my anus.&nbsp; After all Janet, doesn't a girl need an educated anus?"



"Yes, Jane, but more important is a deep throat, a very deep throat."



Jane and I dressed to kill -- well, dressed to fuck. We wore our skin tight satin dresses, patterned stockings, garter belts, panties over the belts naturally and for a change we did wear our fuck me pumps, a full five and a half inch heels, ankle straps with locks.&nbsp; We wanted the men to get hot -- absolutely.



The men arrived, we had a good, very good, meal at our favorite upscale restaurant and then adjourned to a bar for drinks and dancing.



Gary and I ground our groins, I got hot; he got erect.&nbsp; Returning to our seats gave him the chance to diddle my clit while I stroked his cock.



Jane danced with Roger, close and tight, obviously rubbing each other.&nbsp; I saw Roger holding Jane by the ass, pulling her tightly to him.&nbsp; They just stood there on the dance floor rotating themselves against each other getting hotter by the minute.



"Jane -- ladies!"



"Having fun, Jane?" I asked with a smile.



"Yes, Janet, I'm not really sure what a woman feels like in those circumstances but I believe my feelings were those of a woman. As we danced and I thrust my groin against his, I felt fire -- I felt desire.&nbsp; I couldn't have his prick in me but I was determined to make him happy.&nbsp; I loved it.&nbsp; I did like having his cock in my mouth and I'm sure now that I want to try anal, I have been practicing with dildos and I think it may be good.&nbsp; Lets take the boys home, Jan and make a lot of love -- as best we can."



We did go home and oh yes we did fuck around. We sucked, we fucked -- anal only, darn it. The next morning we sent the boys home with shrunken pricks and big smiles.&nbsp; Jane kept her promise, anesthetized me, removed the rings from my labia but left the nipple bars in place explaining that this was not a punishment but a really erotic addition.&nbsp; By exchanging rings for the bars, I could hang little bells from my nipples, wear a half bra and tease the boys unmercifully.



"Oh Janet!&nbsp; I want SRS as soon as possible!&nbsp; I want to be a woman!&nbsp; I want it desperately!&nbsp; Can you arrange it?"



I was thrilled!&nbsp; Absolutely thrilled that my husband was accepting womanhood -- actually panting for it.



"Yes, Jane I can arrange it. We have superb surgeons here.&nbsp; We'll arrange it as soon as possible and then take care of any procedural legalities to reflect our new status and you will after a while be able to prowl and we'll have such fun prowling together."



****************************



Jane had her SRS. No complications. Expected discomfort.&nbsp; Regular dilation. As soon as she returned home I took care of her, aiding her recovery.&nbsp; She was anxious to resume life but I cautioned her to be patient and not to overdo anything but be prudent.&nbsp; As soon as I felt that she could have visitors, I invited the Roger and Gary over for dinner.&nbsp; Roger had in the interim learned all about --&nbsp; well, not all about -- Jane and was most sympathetic, asking her all about her procedure.&nbsp; He did know that Jane had been in transition but did not know exactly why.&nbsp; Apparently he felt that discretion was better than full disclosure.



*************************



Weeks passed as Jane regained her strength and worked on her femininity.&nbsp; She started a new job in high level sales where a woman was expected to succeed better than a man.

She particularly liked the job since it gave her the opportunity to take male clients out to dinner on a frequent basis.&nbsp; It was obvious from her disheveled appearance and a broad smile when she returned home from a dinner date that she had been fucking the client. 

What else?



She also had a clothing allowance, spent more on clothes than I and rubbed it in my face, doing it with glee. We seem to get along better than before, although we are competing for a screw record.&nbsp; We also please ourselves, woman to woman and we frequently include Laura in our games.&nbsp; That fucking machine is worth its weight in gold.



I am so happy now that he is what I wanted him to be -- a woman.&nbsp; My revenge for her betraying me is now complete and our life is where I want it -- my beloved is a woman and my sexual preferences are satisfied.&nbsp; We are having so much fun together. 



End



(c) 2009 Janet Baker

























Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Janet Baker(no email) 


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





