BDSM Library - Sheila at the park




Sheila at the park
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: 






Mistress Munira strips me naked and puts handcuffs behind my back, then inserts a vibrating buttplug in my tight asian hole. She puts a 10" vibrating dildo inside my pussy. Then locks them both inplace with leather thongs (the vibs are remote controlled). Black stockings and 4" high heel boots are put on me along with a very short school girl skirt. She puts on nipple clamps that are attached together with a little silver chain. A small shirt that just barely covers my nipples is put on me, it does not cover the chain hanging off my nipples. My hair is tied into 2 pig tails and she puts red lipstick on my lips 

and also writes "SLUT" on my forhead. On my stomach she writes, "pussy and ass full, use mouth" with the lipstick, then inserts a ring gag into my mouth. Then she puts me in the trunk of her car and drives to the nearest park. I am dropped off there and told that she would meet me at the end of the trail. Who knows where the trail passes ny or how many people are around. Before mistress Munira drives off she sets the vibs on high with the remote. So i am making my way slowly along the path, carefully so no body would see me. About 10 minutes of walking go by and i get to this clearing where there is a group of 20 guys smoking some weed. I tought i could sneak around them without getting cought, i almost made it but 1 of them noticed the buzzing noise of my vibs. "Hey look boys a hooker", i tried to run away but its no use with the high heels and they catch me. They pull me back to the clearing by my nipple chain. Once back there all they all want to the sucked off so they line up and make me suck their dicks. They all cum in my mouth and i am forced to swallow it all, some of the cum stays on my face. They almost left but i begged them to put my shirt back over my tits but they said i need to pay them. Since i have no money they said all of them would cum inside a bowl and i would have to drink it. So i agree to their terms. I drank it all and licked the bowl clean. They all leave and i am ready to continue my journy with cum dripping off my face and out of my mouth. Now that im covered in cum i continue my way down the path even more carefully. Another 10 minutes of walking i come up to a small shed. Looks to be old and abandoned, i slowly sneak around back of it and make my way towards the trees on the other side, the vibs are buzzing, my pussy is soaked. All of a sudden 3 black girls jump out from the shed grab me and bring me inside. "Look at this little asian slut, what are you doing out here? You are dressed like a slut, and your holes are filled.". I couldn't answer them. They keep humiliating me "Look girls this slut has cum all over her face and cloth, she must be a real cum sucker. Lets get you out of them cloth and teach you a lession". They remove my skirt and shirt and set me ontop of a table and tie my hands to the legs of the table my legs are spread and tied to the ceiling. They remove the dildo out of my pussy, it is covered in juice so they make me lick it clean. Then they tie my nipple clamp chain to the ceiling tightly, any movement will pull on them. Now they attach 3 wand vibrators to my pussy and clit then a couple of small vibs to my nipple clamps. The butt plug is still vibrating away in my asshole. All the vibs are turned to max and i instantly cum, "You little slut are gonna cum as many times as you sucked the boys off earlier, and then your gonna cum all night long slut". All 3 girls take turns having their pussy's sucked and licked by my mouth. Every time i make one of them cum i must have cum about 3 times. Once their are satisfied they grab the ring gag from my mouth and replace it with a big ball gag. She said "wouldn't want people going by to hear me moan". With that they leave the shed and said "will be back tomorrow, have fun cuming you slut". I am in pain and pleasure at the same time being forced to cum over and over again. After the girls left me there all night i am exhausted from orgasming all night. I must have cum over 40 times couldn't sleep all night. My clit and pussy lips are swollen to 4 times their usual size and the table and floor covered in pussy juices. Mistress Munira shows up at the shed and said "did my slut have a good night ?" i could only moan into the ball gag. She said im gonna take you home now, but we need to clean up first. She unlocks the restraints holding me to the table, removes the vibs and butt plug from my holes. The ball gag is removed, my face is covered in cum, pussy juice and drool. Munira makes me go into the doggy position and lick up all the pussy juice i leaked all over the table floor and vibs while she plays with my swollen pussy. Then she makes me lick the butt plug clean and tells me to get dressed in the skirt and shirt. The nipple clamps are removed and she attaches a leash to my neck and walks me to the car.&nbsp; 

 







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Mistress Munira(no email) 


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





