BDSM Library - The Breaking of a slave




The Breaking of a slave
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: 






As she sits on the couch watching TV, watching the time, waiting for Him to come home. she knows what she has done. she knows she has broken the rules. Why is it so hard to follow simple rules and directions. He has made them perfectly clear. He has told her that if she can not remember something to write it down or He would be happy to write it down for her. But she thought she could remember. He does not have that many rules for her. she thought this would be a minor infraction, until the phone call came. One of the rules is after she masturbates she must email as soon as she is near the computer. What is so hard about that. Well, He knew when she didn't email for a few days that she had played and not done as she was told. He knew this because she plays a lot. Some days He gets 10 emails. So to not get any for a few days was more than unusual. she prepared herself for His arrival. Those rules she has down now and knowing she was already in trouble she made sure to be very careful they were all done. she made one more walk around the house because He will inspect the house as well as her. It is almost time now. she kneels in the living room in sight of the front door and does not move. It is now 11, 11:15, 11:30, and He is running late but will usually call. she dares not move to get her phone to call him but is starting to feel such pain in her knees with just the wood floors under her. Without realizing she was day dreaming about what would happen, she heard the door open. she moved her eyes down to face the floor and waited for His directions. He put His things down and walked into the room she was kneeling in without saying a word. He put her collar around her neck and restraints around her wrists. He said nothing but strip slut and do it quickly and without saying a word. He knew she hated being naked. she felt humiliated and He knew that. Once all of her clothes were removed He undid her bra and slid her panties down. He wanted her to be embarrassed and feel this way. He blindfolded her and walked around her a few times. All of a sudden she felt the sting of His hand across her ass but before she could compose herself she felt Him pinch her nipple and twist it harshly. Don't dare say anything slut if You know whats good for You. He released her nipple and she heard Him walk away. He then clipped the leash to her collar. On all fours now slut, He said. Corner time while i think about what i else i am going to do with you. Sir, i cant see where to go. Oh slut I will lead You by the leash and put You there. you really cant do anything alone can you slut. He picked up her leash and she started to stand. What are you doing? Did i tell You at any time to stand up? Smack across her ass over and over again until her cries of pain came. i'm sorry Sir please lead me to where You wish me to be. He grabbed her by the hair and said, today i will break you. Today you will know what it will be to be a slave. After today you will have no more limits except the ones i set for you. After today you will realize that when i tell you something it is because it is for your own good and it is my will. your only job is to please me and do as you are told and since you seem to have such a problem following simple directions, I am going to change that today. I do hope My slut that you realize when you go back to work tomorrow you will feel me every step of the way and know I am with you. He then pulled her by the leash as she followed behind Him on all fours to the corner. Kneel here for a while slut and think about what You need to do to please me and do what You need to. her knees were killing her but she knew better than to complain or move. Without realizing she starting squirming and felt the first sting of the belt across her back. Did I tell You to move slut? NO I DID NOT! Again, why can you not follow simple directions. my knees hurt Sir, please. I do not care if they hurt, I only care that you follow My orders. After several moves thrashes across her back He told her to crawl over to the couch. He removed her blindfold and told her to look down as He spoke to her. she wanted to cry and lay her head in His lap and beg for forgiveness but she knew this time that was not going to happen. Today is going to be a hard day on you slut, emotionally and physically. I am not planning on being easy on You as I promised You when I arrived I was going to break you today. Now on your hands and knees, I want to rest my feet some. With a puzzled look on her face she moved on all fours and felt Him rest His feet on her back. Don't move now slut as You are my table. You will hold my legs up as long as I feel the need to rest. What felt like an eternity, when she looked at the clock was only 10 minutes. How much longer was He going to make her do this. How does it feel to be just a piece of furniture? Just another item in the room for me to use as i wish and need? How do i answer that? What do i say? The truth. i feel humiliated and embarrassed. Good, He tells me. Now we are getting somewhere. He put his feet down and told me He had a hard day and i should remove His shoes and socks and rub His feet. i did as instructed and started day dreaming again. He realized this and before i noticed His hand went across my face bringing me quickly back to reality. Do I bore You slut? Does taking care of me bore You? No Sir, i reply, never. Get on all fours NOW!! He picks up my leash and leads me to the basement door. Crawl down the stairs as You are not worthy for anything else. You want to misbehave and act like an animal, that is how You will be treated. He leads me downstairs and see the hooks for the bicycles in the corner. Wonderful He says. Stand up now! He tells me to hold my hands over my head and turn and face the wall. He then hooks my wrist restraints to the hooks in the ceiling. i almost have to stand on my tippy toes to reach. Now, lets see if W/we can break the slut from all her bad habits and manners. Not knowing what will happen next, i feel the crack of a whip across my back. Before i can even cry out the next one strikes. Over and over again until the tears start flowing. He comes up behind me, pulls me by the hair and says i know You love this slut. I can see the juices flowing from your pussy. Please Sir, i will behave. Please. Not this time. You are going to realize that you are Mine and you will do as you are told. Following simple directions is NOT difficult. As i stand there crying i have to wonder what is still in store for me. That's when i heard it. He brought the cane. i hated the cane and He knew it. But i am starting to see that my behavior is not going to be acceptable. He tells me that if i dare ask one time for Him to stop He will start again. I think 50 lashes are in order don't you slut? Yes Sir i reply still sobbing. Count them slut and don't lose track or it starts again. And do not forget to thank Me after each one. One, thank You Sir for putting me in my place, Two, three, four...........................50. my ass, thighs and back feel like they are on fire and can not longer truly stand. He takes me off the hook and tells me to crawl after Him back upstairs. He takes me to my bathroom and tells me to stand in the tub. Sir, may i please use the toilet. i must go. Sure slut, but you will go while you are tied to the shower. But Sir? Are You still arguing with me slut? No Sir, but i cant reach the toilet from in the tub. He takes my hands and cuffs them to the shower. How am i to go Sir? Right where you stand slut. He stands waiting for me to relieve myself. Sir, i cant go with You watching me. He tells me i have no more privacy. Anything i must do when we are together will be in front of Him. After a few minutes, i still cant go. Well, slut we can fix this. He closes the tub drain and turns the shower faucet on low so the cold water slowly trickles down my back. The burning of the water on my welts is astounding. i can no longer hold it in and pee in the tub. Good slut, now you are following directions. I am going to go get some lunch. you, my slut, will wait in the tub for me. my eyes open wide and wonder if i can stand here that long. The water is low and probably wont get to the top but i am worried. As i think that thought He tells me He wont be long and it wont rise above the level of the tub. He will know if i let the water out by the level and if i do the punishments will begin again. i am not quite sure how long He was gone but the water was only half full when He returns. Good slut. Now lets wash You off and get You out of the tub and have lunch. He unhooks my arms and i step out of the tub. i go to reach for a towel just to feel His hand across my face again. Did You ask for a towel slut? No Sir, i reply. Well now you will not get one. you may walk downstairs as i don't want to get the carpet wet. He leads me into the kitchen and tells me to take lunch out of the bag and place it in on plates. i do as instructed and place the 2 plates on the kitchen table. Now now slut, do you really think you deserve to eat at the table with me. No Sir, i reply. He gets a bowl from the cabinet and puts my food in it and places it on the floor by His feet. That is where you will eat today slut. Oh, and don't even think of using your hands. i am not an animal i cry out in protest. Again He pulls my head back by the hair and yells in my face. YOU ARE WHATEVER I DECIDE YOU ARE!! IF YOU BEHAVED AND DID AS YOU WERE TOLD WE WOULD NOT BE HAVING TO DO THIS!! Yes Sir, i cry. i am so hungry at this point i don't care and lean over the bowl and start eating. He sets a bowl of water down for me to drink. i have never been so embarrassed and ashamed as i am at this moment. Once lunch is finished and the dishes are cleaned He leads me back upstairs. Kneel slut. i kneel in front of Him and bow my head. Well aren't we finally learning our place. Over my knee slut NOW. i quickly take my position over His knee. The spanking begins and i finally break down in tears and not even realize that i am thanking Him for punishing me. Good slut He replies. You are finally learning. Lay on the bed slut, on your back. The pain is horrible and He can see it in my face. Are you in pain slut? Yes Sir. GOOD!! He tells me to roll to my side and links my wrist restraints together and rolls me back onto my back. He takes the top sheet from under me and ties one leg to the rocking chair and the other to the dresser. Now slut, i hope you are ready for your next lesson. He picks up a crop which He must have placed in my room when i was in the shower. He picks it up and starts to beat my clit pussy and inner thighs. i start crying again and thank Him for taking such good care of me and punishing me. He places the crop down and leans over and kisses me on my lips and tells me there is one more thing we need to do. He takes His jeans off and rams His now very hard cock into my mouth. i suck Him and lick Him and take it all in. He chokes me to the point that i throw up. He tells me that makes Him proud of me. Finally i feel so happy to have done something right. He gets on top of me and tells me because i have finally done as He wishes He is going to fuck me. i feel His cock near my ass and start to squirm. Oh slut, did you think i was going to make it easy and fuck Your wet pussy. NOOOOOO... He looks me in the eyes and in one shot rams His cock into my ass. I scream out in pain and He grabs me by my throat and starts choking me. Are You going to behave now my slave? i try to speak but there is not air in my lungs. He lets go for a moment and i take a breathe of air to just have his hand on my throat again. Are you slave? i shake my head Yes. Good girl! Now CUM for me! i cum so hard on His cock my body shudders from the excitement of knowing i am now His slave. He takes His cock out of my ass and cums all over my stomach. What have you learned today my slave. i have learned my place and i know better than to do anything but to listen well and follow all directions given to me. If i have questions to ask and You will right everything down so i will not forget. my place is at Your feet serving You and being whatever You wish me to be. my body, mind and soul are Yours and You will always know what is right for me. Thank You Sir for showing me my wrongs and allowing me to serve You today. He unties me and takes me back to the shower but this time to clean me up. W/we shower together and the pain is OK because it reminds me of today's lessons. He leads me back to bed and tucks me in and crawls in next to me and holds me and tells me what a good little slave i am. Thank You Sir, thank YOU!!






Review This Story
 || Email Author:  hilarie(no email) 


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





