BDSM Library - The fantasy




The fantasy
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: 






i just have dreamed of this day, this moment, this feeling. i imagined the morning of the "event" You calling me and i knew by the sound of Your voice seeing You this time was going to be different. i didn't come close to imaging how different however. You instructed me as always to play with myself but gave me a specific time to do so. Usually it is 15 minutes before Your arrival. This time it was to be done at exactly 10:30 am. You then instructed me to make sure the front door was left open and not to finish my chores upstairs 11 am. You told me to fold the laundry last and sit on my bed while doing so. i thought this an odd request but of course obeyed Your orders. As i sat there folding the clothes wondering what was in store for me, all of a sudden i felt Your hands go over my mouth which startled me because my back was to the bedroom door. You threw me around onto the bed and the look in Your eyes was not the calm i normally see when You arrive. That's when i knew i better fight back. You had it in for me today. Today was the day You were going to own my submission and me. You had warned me this day would come but i never knew it would be like this. i dreamed of You raping me but now i was nervous. After You threw me onto the bed You ripped my stocking off and tried to put Your cock inside me. i knew i better fight You back or the trouble was first to come. i tried to push You off me but to no avail. i rolled to my side which angered You more when You couldn't get Your cock inside me. You continued to roll me onto my stomach and somehow got my dress off. i felt Your hand smack my ass so hard it brought tears to my eyes. i tried to get on all fours to get off the bed but Your knee was on my legs holding me down. i tried to reach behind me to push them off but it just angered You more. You continued to try to ram Your cock inside me but i kept moving around trying to get away. You turned me over onto my back again and lay-ed on top of me. i felt You grab my arms and hold them over my head with Your hands. Not realizing the position was in i still tried to get You off me. Before i could find the opportunity i realized only one of Your hands was holding my arms and the other arm You had Your forearm on my throat choking me. i felt the air start to get low in my lungs but still tried to get You away. As the air decreased and i became more tired i felt You ram Your now extremely hard cock inside me. You started pumping away but i found the strength to fight again once more as You let go ever so slightly on my hands. i got out of bed and started to try and leave the room only to feel You pull me back by my hair. You then pushed me to the floor and were holding me down and grabbed the top sheet off my bed and tied my arms behind my back. i thought i would die now because how could i handle fighting You off this way. i still managed when You thought i could move no more to crawl to the bedroom door but You realized and came to get me. You pulled me again by the hair and had me on my knees as You rammed Your cock into my throat. i thought You were going to cum and let me go. i was wrong. After about 5 minutes You turned me around on my knees and pushed my face into the mattress. i had no idea what was going to come next. i felt it then. i felt Your cock inside my pussy but after just a moment, although it felt like an hour, You pulled out and started to move to my ass. Oh no! How was i going to take this. There was no choice with Your knee in my back and Your hand holding my face down, the pain seared through my body as You took my ass and fucked me for what seemed like eternity. As much as i tried to get You off at this point i was spent. i knew from not fighting anymore You would be angry but You just kept fucking me and finally bent over and whispered in my ear that i was now allowed to cum. i felt You pull out of my ass and turn me over and put Your cock back inside my pussy all the while my hands still bound behind my back. You came hard and fast inside me and i knew i would be punished but i knew i tried. 







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  hilarie(no email) 


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





