BDSM Library - The new toys




The new toys
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: 






i received the email on a wednesday afternoon at 5pm. All it said was be my house friday night at 7:30 pm sharp! Do not dare be late. It does not matter what you wear as long as you wear a thong under your clothes and your 6" heels. The moment you arrive at the house you will strip and the rest of the directions will be given to you then. As i sat an read it i could feel my pussy already throbbing and getting wet. i knew Sir just got some new toys and wondered what they were and if He was going to test them out on me. i usually know when i am in trouble but this week i thought i was a pretty good girl and He had not said anything to make me think otherwise. i was tempted to email Sir back but thought i would think about it for a while first. Two days of torture to wait to see what He had in store for me. By Thursday i could no longer take the suspense and replied to Him to ask a few questions, knowing that i might get in trouble for questioning Him or just not get a response at all. i am His slave and i know i do not have the right to anything but what He deems approprite but if i am respectful i may ask certain things at certain times. Sir,i replied, may Your slave ask what is so different for my rules for Friday night? slut, He replied, I know You have tried to refrain from asking me as You knew it would get You into trouble but it wont matter as by the time You leave My house you will feel me for days to come. And yes, as I know you are thinking, the new toys i purchased will be used as hard as i will use you. Sleep well slut, as you are going to need all the rest you can get. Now my mind is churning with possibilites. i can not even imagine what i will see when i walk down the basement stairs to the play area. His house is so warm and cozy and no one would ever know what lies beneath the living room down there. The wooden steps that lead downstairs are loud when i walk down in my heels. Once you turn the corner at the bottom of the stairs you can see the chains hanging from the walls, the clothes lines hanging over head (which are not used for hanging clothes), the hooks in the ceiling that can be used in a variety of ways, the canes in the corner of the room, and the saw horse sitting on the far wall. Sir, always keeps his "implements of torture" on the sofa down there. The ottoman has been used to paddle my ass before or to crop my pussy. Oh, i cant take this suspense for another day! i arrived at His house at 7:20 and sat in my car for the next 8 minutes and got out and walked to the front door. He opened the door and told me what a good slut i was for being on time. Thank You Sir, i replied. As soon as the door closed He looked at me and said why are you not undressed yet? i began to slowly get undressed as the excitement and nervousness all started welling up in the pit of my stomach and i was already wet. Sir, put my collar on and my wrist restraints and told me to go into the kitchen and look at my list of chores that i have to do first. i always have chores to do on each visit for Sir as it is my job to take care of Him since He takes such good care of me. i walked into the kitchen and the list had nothing on it but drop to your knees and wait. Of course i did as i was told and He came up behind me and put the blindfold on. That was unusual because He usually puts it on downstairs and i lovingly refer to it as the hidden dungeon. Ok, slut, get up and lets go. He led me by the wrist to the basement door and asked me if i trusted Him. Of course Sir, how could i not trust You. i am Your slave and You would never do anything to put me in harms way. Good, He replied, then you wont be nervous walking down the stairs blindfolded. He led me by the wrist and as soon as i thought i would fall we were there. He led me over to the ottoman and sat me down and told me that He got some new toys He thought i would like and even if i didnt He did and i will get used to them in time. my mind raced with wonder what Sir had in store for me. What could it be. i will start off lightly to get you in the right mind set and prepared to be used very very hard. He chained my wrists to the hooks in the ceiling and told me to stand still. i knew better than to get out of my restraints from previous experience. Thats when i felt the first crack of His whip against my back. He repeated the whipping over and over. i felt my back getting red and hot and was not sure how much longer i could remain quiet. After about 20 lashes, i felt His hands on my back and Him whisper in my ear what a good little slut i was for Him. He unhooked my wrists from the ceiling and told me to lean forward and keep my hands on the saw horse with my feet together. Yes Sir, i replied. All i could think is what a hard night this was going to be. That was when i felt His cane hit the back of my legs. Sir, why the cane? Oh, slut why do You question me? Have i not told You more than once that quesioning me is only going to make things worse on you. Yes Sir, but i hate the cane and please anything but this. He was being kind and using the skinny small one which even when i have ha a choice i have picked since it is a bit easier on me. After tanning my ass with the cane several times, is when He told me now i would get the big fat cane since i opened my mouth when i knew better. Whack, whack, whack across my ass, thighs, and legs. As i finally broke down into tears, i thanked Him for taking such good care of His slut and how i was sorry for quesioning Him. Oh slut, you are learning but the next time you dare question me dont think you will only get 15 with the fat cane but so will my pussy. He proceeded to move me to the corner to stand and think about what i said while He prepared my next present. i stood in the corner shuddering from the tears and the pain. What could He had bought that has Him so excited to use on me. Sir came to get me from the corner and sat me in a chair against the wall. He linked my wrist cuffs to the chains hanging from the wall and told me that it was time to meet His new toy. What could it be i wondered that He has me sitting in a chair. He tied my feet to the legs of the chair and i felt Him put something on my nipples. I will start slow my slut. Are You ready to feel the first new sensation. Yes Sir i replied and bit my lip with nervousness. Thats when i felt the fist shock as i cried out in pain and exctasy. What do you think of the TENS unit slut? i....i.....i....am not quite sure Sir, i replied. No slut? you arent sure? Well lets shock you a few more times and find out shall we. But Sir? No buts slut!! Who owns you? Why You do Sir. And who makes the rules. You do Sir and before the words left my mouth i felt another jolt on my nipples and at the same time my pussy. When did he put an electrode there? i didnt even notice. Now my slut how wet are you from that? i am not sure SIr, as it hurts! Good then I guess I have picked the right places to put the electrodes havent I? Yes....buzzzzzzzzzzzzz. Oh Sir this hurts. GOOD SLUT!! Thats what i want it to do! your pain is MY pleasure and isnt that what matters? Yes......buzzzzzzzzzzz....oh Sir i have to cum. Oh not so soon My slut. W/we have so much more to experience. With that said, Sir picked me up off the chair and positioned me over the ottoman with my ass high in the air. slut you are being such a good girl today why stop now. With that said He plunged His very hard cock into my ass and i screamed in pain. He continued to fuck me and as i tried to protest He pulled back on my hair and said your ass MY slut has not seen the last thing to enter it. What Sir i asked? Oh questioning me again slut i see. He withdrew His cock and moved around to the front of me and rammed His cock into my throat and while i was sucking His cock i felt Him put something else into my already sore ass. With no way to protest and the blindfold still on is when i felt the shock again through all the parts of my body. my nipples clit and now ass were all getting zapped at the same time. slut how do you like your new butt plug? oh that right, you finally cant answer with My cock shoved in your mouth can you? Well, i will tell you it is the perfect attachement to my new toy for you. It is an adapter for the unit that will zap your ass at the same time as the rest of where i decide. As He reached over and felt my very wet pussy, He made sure to remark how wet i was from the new device He purchased to use me with. Seeing this made Him fuck my mouth even harder. With in one more shock and hearing me yelp with His cock in my mouth He came in my mouth and when He pulled out after i had swallowed all His cum told me on the next shock i was now allowed to cum. i could not hold back any more and came so hard and collapsed onto the ottoman. Oh slut what a good little girl You have been. He moved me onto the couch and removed my blindfold and told me to rest because He was not yet finished with me. i am not sure why i was feeling all the feelings i was but i drifted off to sleep and was awoken by the feeling of His belt across my ass. Jumping up, He pulled me close and kissed me and asked me how i felt. i am feeling well Sir, thank You. Good slut we still have one more toy to try out before i let You go tonight. He stood me up and began to let me know that one of my daily emails to Him was late and He knew i had cum without permission again. Do you know what the puishement is for this sut? Yes Sir, i replied. Tell me slut. The punishement box Sir. Oh good girl. As He moved over to retrieve the box i could already hear the marbles moving inside of it. Sirs punishement box consists of a plastic box and within are 15 different pieces of folded paper with different punishments on each of them. They are surrounded by marbles. So when He shakes it all i can hear are the marbles. The collar He has purchased for me to wear every day is like the marbles and when i look at it, it makes me rememer to be a good girl as what will happen if i dont. That is when He started shaking the box and told me i had to pick 2. When He shakes the box i shake as well. i picked out 2 pieces of papaer and He then chained me to the ceiling again and i just had to wonder what was in store for me now. Well slut, the first paper you picked is the crop on your tits 20 times. my tits were already sore from the Tens unit but i was determined to make Sir proud of me. Do not forget to count slut and if you lose count of do not thank Me after each one I will start again. One, thank You Sir, i will never have a late email again, two.......twenty Thank You Sir. Well for once you did not lose count or complain. Good girl. Now for the second punishement. 50 lashes with my new horsee hair whip flogger. But Sir? Fifty? please? Oh slut, do you think you have a choice. This is what happens when you are bad. Ready? No Sir? NO!! Did you dare just tell me no? Sir, i am..........smack across the mouth with His hand. Sir, i am sorry, i did not mean.......smack again.....the answer slut is Yes Sir and thank You for showing me what i have done wrong. Yes Sir, please punish me and set me straight. Good slut. Now lets begin, One, thank You Sir for punishing me and i will never cum without permission again. Two....the flogging continued all over my body until we were at 30. 40..thank You...slut stop now!! Did you just say 40??? Sir, i slipped it was 30! Oh now lets start again. One.....so the 50 lashes were now 80 and placed all over my entire body. 50 thank You Sir. i did not think i could stand another moment and SIr unhooked my arms from the ceiling and i collapsed to the floor and just layed there and cried. Sir, i am so sorry for being such a bad slut. i am Yours and i am so very grateful. Lay over the ottoman slut! He was still so angry for me losing count and disobeying direct orders. As i lay over the ottoman i felt His hands running over my welts and telling me how beautiful i looked with His marks on my body. Thank You Sir i am honored to have them. With that said i felt Him shove His cock into my very wet pussy and lean over me and tell me how proud He was of me. He continued to fuck my pussy so hard and even though i was exhausted and beated i felt the orgasm well up inside me. Sir, please may i cum. Dont You dare slut until i am ready. How much longer i could hold on i was not sure and with that said i heard Him tell me to cum. i shuddered and felt Him grasp my hips and shoot His cum deep inside me. W/we rolled onto the floor and He pulled the blanket over us and just held me as i collapsed into His arms and cried and thanked Him for loving me so. 





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  hilarie(no email) 


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





