BDSM Library - Anakin and Ahsoka exploration




Anakin and Ahsoka exploration
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: 








an Ani-soka fan-fic

contains: Bondage, Nooseplay, and anything else I can think of while I am writing it.

 

Warning, this story contains a bunch of shit that youngsters shouldn't read, such as the word shit. so if you are under the legal age of your area, then please stop reading this story now. I'm serious. If you get in trouble, don't try and pin it on me.

 So, now that that's settled, let's get on with the story shall we.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



Anakin and Ahsoka were on their way back to Coruscant after another successfull mission. The ships gps (Galactic Positioning System) had calculated that the trip would take at least a week. "Well master, it looks like we have some spare time on our hands." Ahsoka said with a sly smile on her face.

 

 

"Well Ahsoka, why don't you head on to the back, pick out the sexiest outfit you can find, and I'll be there in a minute.". Ahsoka waisted no time and headed off to the rear of the ship, which was the docking bay. Since they were the only two on the ship, she knew exactly what her master had in mind for her.

 

 

As soon as she got to the back of the ship she opened one of the drawers and pulled out her favourite outfit. It was a pair of black latex gloves that ran up just past her elbows, and a pair of matching leggings. She then put on a 3" red ball gag and leather cuffs, which she tightly secured around each of her wrists, leaving the lock on the table.

 

 

She stood there for about fifteen minutes before her master entered with the rest of their equipment. He had a rope that had been fashioned into a hangmans noose, a leather hood with two long hoses portruding from the inside, a female chastity belt, and a role of clear saran wrap. All Ahsoka needed to see was the noose before her pussy started to get moist.

 

 

Anakin picked up the lock and locked her wrists behind her back. He then used the force to bring over a stool for Ahsoka to stand on. once he helped her up he grabbed the noose.

 

 

After securely fastening the noose around her throat, he put the chastity belt on her. She looked at him with pleading eyes, having hoped to come before fainting from lack of oxygen. He just staired deep into her soft green eyes for a moment before swiftly kicking the chair out from under her, leaving her gasping and kicking.

 

 

Anakin enjoyed hearing the soft little gurgle that came from her attempts to draw in small breaths, but he enjoyed the way her chest heaved when the rope completely cut off oxygen more. Her eyes were bulging now, and a small amount of drool was slowly trailing down her young&nbsp; breasts. Anakin could feel that she was nearing unconsiousness.

 

 

She started slowing down, wishing she could beg for her master to let her come, but with the noose and gag that was impossible. She started slowing down, until her muscles finally relaxed and her eyelids closed. Anakin waited about five more seconds and then cut the rope with his lightsaber.

 

 

He eased the noose off from around her neck and removed the ball gag. He then proceeded to remove her cuffs, gloves and leggings, and finally her chastity belt. He fucked her for about fifteen minutes before she finally started to come to. She awoke just as her master was coming into her pussy.

 

 

"I had better not get pregnent." she rasped, throat still soar from hanging. "Snips, what did I say about talking?". "Sorry" she said. "Sorry what snips?" "Sorry master." she added quickly.

"That's better." Anakin said. Then he grabbed the saran wrap and told her to stand up. He began wrapping her whole body starting with her feet. He used five layers to make sure she didn't have any wiggle room. He left har vagina and ass opened.

 

 

He then moved up to her head, wrapping until only her mouth and nose were exposed. "okay snips, here's how this works. I seal off your mouth and nose, and leave you like that for fifteen seconds while I fuck your pussy. Then I open them so you can take three breaths, and then I seal them off again for thirty seconds. I will repeat this process 'till we reach one munute. Then I will let you take five breaths, and seal you off again for two minutes. If I haven't cum yet, I will open it one more time, let you take ten deep breaths, then I will fuck you up the ass until I cum or you pass out or both.".

 

 

Ahsoka looked at him pleadingly through the plastic, and Anakin moved in closer to her face. They shared a long and passionate kiss before Anakin sealed off her oxygen once again.

 

 



3 hours later...



Ahsoka had been lying on the floor for god only knew how long before her master came back. He had said that she wore him out and he needed a nap, but he was actually watching her on the monitor. Admiring her beauty, the way the light shone off of the saran wrap was magnificent.

 

 

When he entered the room, he held a 3 1/2 inch metal O ring. He strapped it on securely before deepthroating ahsoka. He almost made her wretch twice, but he took the ring off before he came. He came inside of her mouth so he could watch her swallow.

 

 

When he was done he held up the hood. "Do you know what this does snips?" he asked. She shook her head from side to side. "Well, these tubes run down deep inside your chest, one down your esophogus, and the other down your trachea. I will then seal the hood around your head, eliminating sight and sound, and zip it up in the back. once I lock it, the tubes in your throat will expand, forcing your breathing through the tubes. since they reach down below your vocal chords, you will not be abled to utter a single sound. the hood itself will inflate around your head, while it expands on the outside, forcing your jaws around the tubes. you won't be able to taste anything, since I am going to keep this on you the entire flight.".

 

 

So he put the cuffs back on her, laid her down on her side on a mattress, and put the tubes down her throat. Before he actually put the hood on her, he told her where they were actually headed. "Were off to the outer rim, so that means you will be wearing this for at least 2 weeks, and maybe even a month.". She tried to scream or beg, but Anakin pulled the hood over her head and sealed it off. within 2 seconds her muffled screams died out as the tubes inflated deep inside her chest.

 

 

He then put the chastity belt back on her and secured it tightly, it had attachments so she could still piss without getting out. Anakin stopped in daily to give her food, water, and occasionally cum on her chest while she spent a month without vision, hearing, taste or sex.







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Gary.(no email) 


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





