BDSM Library - Broken




Broken
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: 






"The Penalty is death."&nbsp; My English speaking lawyer told me.

I froze, "But it was for personal use!" I explained.

He shook his head "One hundred per cent pure, I think not, and since 1st April there is zero tolerance, I am sorry but you admitted possession, there is nothing to be done." 

"There was a girl who got pregnant and they gave her life imprisonment instead of death." I pointed out.

"Not in this country," he said, " plead guilty, save yourself the anguish, that is my advice."

The Lady from the Embassy was even less use, "Miss Cathcart, you had your whole life in front of you, but you're over twenty one, just, which makes you an adult and the Government won't want a diplomatic incident so really there is nothing I can do, sorry."

The prison was all right, I had my own cell, my own clothes, and they gave me full access to everyone, I couldn't bear to see my parents, I asked them to stay home but the prison authorities let me talk on the phone almost as much as I wanted, I told my folks I could only talk fifteen minutes a day but that was a lie.

Sally my best friend, was segregated in a different prison, we were not allowed to meet, but plenty of people spoke English and I could listen to English language radio, so it was ok. as far as single cells with a metal framed bed and a bucket in a corner go.

The Trial was in their language but I had a decent translator and just said yes a few times and at the end the Judge pulled on a little lack cap and said I would be taken to the state facility and recycled, a euphemism for hung.


I met Li-An next morning, my first at the facility.

The facility really looked more like a hospital than a prison as I saw it for the first time as it nestled among the mountains as I peered through the prison van's tiny windows, it seemed huge and I wondered how many people I would find there. 

They took me to a reception desk where the green uniform prison guards handed me over to white uniformed women, women guards who wore nurses uniforms yet carried handcuffs and batons.&nbsp; They had me shower and gave me a hospital gown to wear before taking me to a ward with twenty hospital beds, it was like a hospital back home used to be in the nineteen seventies, with uniformed nurses, except I was kept handcuffed and after showering they put ankle cuffs with a short chain between them on me as well.

The nurses wore white trouser suits, a long pocket on the left leg held a baton, while one on the right held a whip. Sometimes a patient would speak and instantly the whips would be brought out slashing at the woman until she stopped making sounds, only silent sobbing was permitted.


That's when I first met Li-An, she was walking down the rows of beds, with some stony faced officials, Li-An was tiny, barely four feet tall, sweetly beautiful in a childlike way, and she was checking every patient intently, Li-An spoke, the patient looked at the nurse the nurse nodded and the patient replied.

They came closer, and I sensed rather than saw Li-An was no child, she had the manner of an adult, and some undefinable quality, an aura of power, and finally she came to me.

She spoke, I looked at the nurse-guard, she nodded. "I don't understand?" I said in English.

"I ask if you want live?" Li An said.

"Yes, I guess." I agreed.

"You run fast?" she asked.

"Yes, I ran for my school team in 200 metres and 200 hurdles." I agreed.

"You show me, come." she said, and spoke to the nurse in their language.

The nurse pulled me to my feet and we walked down the ward, Li- An had selected two other girls and we went down a long corridor to a locker room.

Tee shirts and shorts were laid on a bench, and boots, not running boots but black knee length boots with three inch stiletto heels.

They released the cuffs and I followed the others example and found some things that fitted and got dressed, and then they handed each of us a heavy rucksack. I fastened the rucksack straps around me, and they led us outside.

A running track was marked out with a high perimeter fence and stands for spectators within the H formation of the facilities buildings and unknowingly I lined up to run for my life.

I thought it was a bit of fun, I sort of jugged behind the other two for a while but seeing a tape across the trap s we exited the top curve for the third time I sprinted a little for the fun of winning.

I looked at the other girls as I slowed down, they were exhausted, broken almost, and Li-An came across. "I choose you."

"For what?" I asked

"My new pony of course, you want live yes?" she queried, "Or you want be cut up for healthy organs?"

"Live, please." I said.

"Good." she agreed and gave a signal. "I get you broken in then we clean up at Ponyshow, we be great team you me."

I stared at her, "How old are you." I asked rudely.

"No questions, but how old you think?" She asked. I stared at her tiny frame, her breasts were developed, her skin had lost the childish elasticity."Fourteen?" I asked.

"No, I am twenty six years," she admitted, "I am, what's the word, trainee, I train from child, diet and hand and foot bounded, and everything for Pony rider, we do display much places, you live maybe three seasons if you don't break leg."

"Ok." I smiled.

"I break you, come with me." she said, we went through the main building and out into a cobble stone surfaced courtyard.

She broke me. I had no idea that they used human ponies in this country, but it seemed they loved their pony races like the people back home likes horse races, and in the monsoon human ponies could race indoors.

It happened so easily, she made me hold my hands in front of me while she handcuffed me then she made me kneel at a low table, a very strong table with a slot cut in it, which she made me place my hands so that the chain dropped through, and as it did so she pulled a metal ring and something caught the chain holding my wrists to the table.

"I break you now, you scream and cry all you want, Ok." she asked.

"What?" I asked .

"You see." she said as she struggled to pick up a heavy long handled hammer from the floor.

"What are you, Aaaghhhh" I screamed as she brought the heavy hammer head down across my fingers, the bones crunched and splintered.

"No," I screamed.

"Yes have to break hands all up." she said and she hit the other hand, and then as I screamed she hit the back of my left knuckles, I noticed that the hammer head was faced with leather, and my skin was not being cut nor was I bleeding as she systematically broke every bone in my hands.

I passed out several times from the pain.&nbsp;&nbsp; I came round to find Li-An and a nurse checking for unbroken bones and when they found none they carefully made a fist of both my shattered hands placing the round a hollow metal tube before sealing them in layers of wet plaster of Paris. 

They wrapped the plaster around both my arms fist to elbow, so they lay just below my breasts and wrapped tie wraps around to make sure they didn't move until the plaster set. 

"We go first ride together tomorrow." Li-An promised. "Worst over now."

She left me kneeling, a guard pulled my shorts and boots off, offered me a drink, and then they left me for hours.

I was physically sick, I shook, I was sweating yet freezing,&nbsp; Li-An came later and fed me lumps of meat, and sickly sticky cola, it was like being a baby again, or somebody's lap dog, or pony.

Li-An carefully measured me while I continued to kneel, and the wished me goodnight as the tropical night descended and I shivered with the cold.

I passed out rather than slept, I needed the bathroom and just had to go where I knelt.

In the morning Li-An brought a bowl of what looked like Museli and one or cola for me and at last I was released.

"I need the bathroom." I said.

"All place bathroom for Pony, you go we clean up." she said.

"What do you mean?" I asked.

"You want shit or shower? she said.

"Yes, Toilet." I told her.

"Shit anywhere, no shower, I use hose-pipe and bucket on you, you like very much." she chuckled, "We be best friends, now you eat."

It was not too difficult to eat and drink, I just stuck my face in the bowls, and when they were empty, she led me to a sort of shed between the formal buildings of the complex where a leather harness lay on a bench, she cut my Tee shirt off leaving me naked except for the boots, and then she dressed me.

The leather collar came first, then the heavy leather corset which thrust my exposed breasts up but curiously had broad shoulder straps., and then a bridle, but first she had to gather my long blonde hair into a single sort of ponytail and thread it through a brass eyelet on the back of the bridle to form a mane.

The bridle came down my forehead then split down each side of my nose with a padded rubber and steel bit which fitted in my mouth with little reins and straps passing back alongside my cheeks, to complete the encirclement of my head.

Li-An worked away, and then she left me, the door was closed but not locked, I tried to open it but it had a round door knob and no way could I turn it.

"See, you cannot escape, said Li-An as she returned with two large nurse - guards.

"We go for ride yes?" she suggested.

 I nodded."I gonk hab mug hose." I said, I don't have much choice, my attempts to speak hampered by the bit.

"We get boot," she ordered.

She took me to a small room, a sort of workshop, where a man in a brown smock was waiting, I sat down on a wooden bench and he found me some shoes, they were like horses hooves to look at and my feet went down at a forty five degree angle, like I was walking on tippy toe all the time and the shoe extended to lace up nearly to my knee.

They were almost a perfect fit and the soft leather was supremely comfortable. 

He didn't lace them up he stitched them, firmly, applying sealer to the stitches so they would need to be cut off, suddenly I was inches taller and it was time for my ride. 

I felt them fiddling with my waist belt, and corset and suddenly the guards were lifting Li-An.&nbsp; Her weight fell on me much the same as the weight of the rucksack from the day before, and I realised that she was effectively riding me.

"Final piece then you tacked up."&nbsp; she said. as the guards lifted her down.

She fiddled with my waist belt and then there was a swishing noise and the guards lifted her again.

"Oooh, slowly, please." she begged, and then as the weight fell on me just above my waist she ordered "Walk on."and tugged my head to the left.

I did as she said. "Oh." she said as I took a first step, "Graceful, please Pony."

We went to the running track, "run like the wind," she said. I did one lap. "Stop," she ordered. "I'm sore."

"Kneel," she said. 

I carefully knelt down so she could climb off me, and to my surprise she applied some powder up between her legs under her miniskirt and then she climbed on my back again.
I didn't understand why she was saddle sore even less why she was excited.

"Stand up" she ordered, I staggered to my feet, "Run," she said, I ran. "Smooth" she said, I slowed down, "No faster, that's it,&nbsp; Oooh, lovely pony,"&nbsp; She had released my reins and was gripping my breasts, turning me on as I ran, the sensations were building, building and then they overwhelmed me, I had to stop.

"Let me down pony," Li-An ordered, "I had enough."

"Please," I said, "I need to cum."

"No Cum, till you earn, you come stable now." she led me away, to the far end of the buildings and around a corner to a stable block.&nbsp; There were rows of sad looking stables all shut up but I could hear the rustle of animals moving around. She showed me to my stable, it&nbsp; was quite large, with straw on the floor and bowls of rice and water. 

She took my bridle off, and said "Eat then we go long ride."

The rice tasted funny, but I had to eat, not bad, but tainted with something, when Li-An, returned she had a different bridle for me, It left my face clear, the strap passing along my forehead connected by brass loops to an under chin strap and to the new rubber and metal bit.

She had a new saddle, this time it had a curved extension to curve around between her buttocks, she showed me, "Riding saddle," she said, she unbuckled the old one "Racing Saddle" she suggested as she showed it to me and giggled, it was little more than a spike with a huge wooden dildo fitted over it, no wonder she had been so excited and had needed the powder, she tightened the straps for the new saddle and said quietly, "Come we go shopping." she suggested.

I seemed to have trotted for miles through the pathways of the jungle foothills, and after a while I was almost glad to be naked with the humidity even so the sweat glistened and dripped as I ran. Eventually we came to a Village, there were people around, watching and only Li-An's whip and words of encouragement kept me moving forward as I saw that men were staring at me.

"They no see white Pony before, all want fuck you, but you got earn fuck first."











Part 2.

She threw my reins over a high bar outside the Post office, and I almost dangled from them as she went inside.

A crowd surrounded me and then I heard footfalls and squeaking, I turned and saw six almost identical naked Oriental girls harnessed to and pulling a cart.

A woman climbed down and came across to me gibbering, she slashed my back with a whip then unhitched my reins.

I saw the waist height rail and water trough before me and at her implied suggestion I bent over and drank.

Firm hands immediately gripped my waist, a penis nuzzled my sex, my poor dry unexcited sex and he thrust at me.

I heard the sound of running feet and Li-An appeared flailing her whip around.

Li-An swore at him and he stepped back, she whispered "You no earn fucks yet." and with that she climbed on my back and ordered me home.

I was half was back when I had to stop, Li-An was worried, "You lame." I shook my head.

She unhitched the bit so I could speak, "Need the bathroom." I said.

"Stupid, Ponies don't stop for bathroom, walk on."

It was agony, but the pressure eased, but when Li-An stopped near the facility to find I still needed to go she was cross, "I sort you out." she said conspiratorially.

She led me inside and then took a syringe, filled it with something from a two litre bottle and pushed it past my bit and squirted it down my throat.

"There, we go other walk."&nbsp; she said.

My stomach churned and suddenly I disgraced my self leaving a trail of stinking mess behind, "Clever Pony, you best Pony ever." Li-An said, "You have treat now."

We went back to the facility, into a concrete floored room almost laid out as an operating theatre with an operating table and powerful lights and equipment lockers yet somehow not sterile or clean. Li-An spoke to a man in a white coat.

They had me sit down in a dentists chair first. The white coated man put straps around me to hold me to the chair and Li-An put something over my front teeth top and bottom, I felt her fiddling with something and then I realised she was cranking my mouth wide open, I gasped as she carefully extracted the bit, and then suddenly the man was advancing again.

He put something on my back tooth, "Uggh" I queried because my teeth were just about perfect, but then Li-An was holding my head and the man was trying to tear my back tooth out of my head, the pain was unbearable and I guess I passed out.

I drifted in and out of consciousness, and then I woke lying on the operating table, there was something at the back of my mouth, and several teeth just had to be missing. Blood trickled down my throat.

"You wake pony?" Li-An asked, "We fit proper metal bit like real pony, you like?"

I shook my head.

"You feel rings?" she said, "We give jab, but you feel soon, look very pretty now."

I sat up, my breasts felt funny, and as I looked down I saw two huge brass rings hung from my numbed nipples, "Thwag" I asked, why?

"Pretty Pony," she said, "We give try pull cart then we decide whether you pull cart or if I ride."

I didn't know what to think.

"No try talk now have pit, stamp foot one time yes, two time no all understand?"

I stamped my foot.

She helped me from the bed, and a heard a tinkling noise I could not place, then I felt something against my thigh.

"Is clitty bell, is nice yes?" she said.

I stamped twice.&nbsp; She laughed.

I was becoming confused it was as if I was being segregated from the others somehow, I heard pony-girls exercising yet never really saw any except the six in hand oriental team, not that I could speak the language or even talk at all with the damn bit in.

Li-An showed me how I could now eat and drink with the new bit now that it was behind rather than between my teeth, she left me to rest for a few days, just fed me and watered me and left me in my stable, my nipples hurt, the piercings were huge, but every time I took a drink the pain subsided.

We started training again, the rings jiggled, and the bell tinkled as I ran every time she took me out this warm glow started and built and built until it overflowed and I stumbled and stopped in helpless release, sometimes Li-An pulled me up and I stopped, while she recovered, usually we used the dildo saddle for sprints and the curved between buttocks for road work, but now I was getting super fit, but my breasts hurt and my broken hands itched and throbbed in their plaster encasement.

Again in the Village I was left to fight off the men as best I could before Li-An rode me home. She spent a long time cleaning me, like a little girl with a real pony.

"They choose me special when little girl," she said, "My daddy teach me English when I baby then when I four I special small, so they put me on program, bind feet and hands, keep indoors, no exercise, special diet so I no grow, so I still tiny when I stop growing at eighteen, then they let me get fit, I want be big graceful like you pony, not woman trap in little girl"
she explained. "But I like you."&nbsp; she continued.&nbsp; She let me sleep, she encouraged me to sleep standing up, the floor of my stable was soiled now so I tried not to lie down, but with no sleep I became like an automaton.&nbsp; Everything went grey punctuated by crimson explosions of orgasm. 

"You very pretty pony but Li-An have other very pretty pony, Li-An have choose." she said one morning, "We get look at front hooves today later, see if you pull cart." she said, "You want pull cart?"

Stupidly I stamped twice, "No?" she said, "all right, what about fuck, you want be fuck- pony?"

I stamped twice "No" I shook my head.

"Is all right, we see, you come." she said as she led me away.

We went to the operating room again where they cut away the plaster with a power saw.

My hands were just about black as they removed the bandages, completely deformed, just blobs with a steel tube passing through, I cried when I saw them, I would never write or drive my car again, I knew.

They brought up the cart, but I stamped and shook my head stupidly without even trying it.

"You want fuck-pony?" Li-An asked again.

I stamped twice, shook my head stupidly and said "Nunnnnrr." No through the bit.

"Ride pony No sex."all right?." she asked.

I nodded and stamped.

"Good, other pony be cart pony." she said and then she gave instructions,

They sat me on the operating table. I remember the injection.

I remember everything.

They strapped me down, straps around my middle the reins shortened to hold my head and then the men came, one started cutting, "nnggg." I said as he cut my arm above the wrist.
"NNggg" as the other man took my arm and wrenched it around, my shoulder dislocated with a sucking noise and my arm twisted to a hideous angle, then the snip they were cutting, thankfully I passed out.

My left arm was on the bench by the operating table, I knew it was mine, it was the pain of wrenching the right arm from the shoulder socket which woke me, and the pain of the doctors knife as it severed my nerves which sent me back to oblivion, but not before I saw a girl strapped to what I thought was a dinner table, they were harvesting organs, and scalping her, four men working as a team, I saw her lovely long hair, my colour I thought briefly before I passed out.&nbsp; 

I regained consciousness, my arms itched, but they were gone, tubes protruded from my abdomen and nose and throat, Li-An came to see me, "It went well but you lost too much bloods, you had to rest before finish." she said, "Oh you tail is lovely,"

I looked, "Ngg"
"We waste three weeks training waiting for you to heal." she told me."Yes, they do skin graft, lovely hairs grow all on ass, none on cunts now, you see, look me mirror."

I had been savaged, almost hairless skin now covered my pubic mound while around my Anus. I could hardly bear to think it, around my Anus grew that other girl's scalp with her hair hanging to my knees.

I tried to throw up but the bit prevented the vomit throwing clear and I almost choked.

"Rest Pony." she said.

They released me the next day, and Li-An led rather than rode me around the track at a steady trot, before returning me to the stable. 

Li-An comforted me, she took off my bridle, and the bit.

"You happy pony?" she asked.

I struggled to speak "No" I said.

"We get very good offer your heart, you want be dead?" she asked.

"No," I said again sadly.

"Good," she said, "You love Li-An?" she asked.

"Yes," I agreed.

"Then show me." she said as she hopped up on the ledge where they put my food and spread her legs revealing her hairless snatch beneath her skimpy miniskirt.

I kissed her little mound, and licked at her but she wanted more, and the more was a double ended dildo which she reached down from the side board, she made me put the short end in my mouth and then I slid the long end deep inside Li-An, she squealed with pleasure, and all too soon she was refitting my bridle and bit to leave me alone once more.

I fretted I wanted Li-An to come for me, to ride me, to need me.

I heard noises, clopping and creaking, my door opened and Sally stood there, pulling Li-An's cart, her hands smashed like mine had once been yet she still retained them.

"Oh god." Sally wailed, "Oh god no." she had a bridle but no bit, "Please mistress I'll be a good pony, please." she wailed.

I couldn't answer, my bit stopped me.

 







Sally.

































Broken Part 3

The Training continued, more and more each day, gradually I realised I was just one of many similar Human Ponies, some of us no longer had arms, and some barely had a scar to show the had ever been anything beyond the shoulders, some had well established tails, again some looked as if the hair around their Anus were natural the grafts had taken so well and as I got into training I found I was among the fastest and tallest, sometimes Li-An took me to the Village and each time she asked if I wanted a fuck.

"I ask last time you want be Fuck-Pony?" she asked one afternoon.

I remember shaking my head and then as we ran home she stopped me in sight of the facility and again asked, "You sure you don't want be Fuck-Pony?" she asked, "Sally, you friend, she Fuck-Pony."

I shook my head again and she slapped my thigh with her crop and I walked on again.

Li-An took me to the room where they had mutilated me and spoke to an elderly man with a weather beaten face wearing a leather smock who was standing there, waiting. He nodded as she spoke and then led me through into another room, like a blacksmiths workshop, with a hot glowing coal fire in a corner.

I wanted to run but there was nowhere to run to, I had a bad feeling that I was about to be branded but the reality was so much worse.
 
There were two posts, perhaps six inches square, set in the ground and about a couple of feet apart and they strapped my lower legs to them holding them spread wide apart so I sort of had to squat obscenely and then the man n the leather smock took a piece of brass rod, maybe two or three inches diameter and several feet long which he put in the fire, I saw his assistant start to stir the fire to life by pumping a handle up and down working the bellows,&nbsp; and gradually the fire started to glow red and almost white in places.

As if in slow motion I watched as the brass was heated to a dull glow and then working with hammers the men curved one end like a shepherds crook.

A small crowd had gathered watching the men and watching me, I didn't understand what was happening until I felt someone lift my tail and then felt the searing heat on my thighs and smelled my own flesh burning as with unbearable agony he eased the red hot end of the crook into my puckered brown anus.

Burning flesh, burning shit, agony, the red hot intruded burned its way inside me and then as the curve took it around I heard myself scream, and I prayed for the purple horizons of unconsciousness to save me but no relief came and every agonising millimetre of its path etched itself into my brain as I howled and screamed until I'm sure the windows rattled&nbsp; and the tiles cascaded from the rooftops.

I smelled myself roasting, and thankfully the nerve endings died a thousand deaths leaving just permanent numbness then as the brass sizzled and ping-ed as it cooled the agony hit again and this time it sent me to oblivion.

I was in my stable when I woke, my crotch was on fire, unbearable agony or so I thought and as I looked I could not believe my eyes. 

A huge brass ring now hung between my legs, one end in my vagina holding my lips apart the other buried in my anus and clearly both ends were connected together inside me.
The man must have curled the rod into a loop and welded the ends as I was unconscious.

I worried about the puncture between anus and vagina, I could die of peritonitis but I guess the searing heat had cauterised the wound and it didn't even bleed.

"Exercise." said Li-An, as soon as she saw I was conscious, "Come."

I nearly passed out with the pain, but she quickly fitted the curved saddle and we set off for the Village, this time she lashed me to the rail using the new ring, and she had to speak harshly to a large man who was clearly upset.

"He want fuck you bad." she said, "You never fuck again now pony."

It was self evident that never again would my vagina or anus welcome a penis, the thick ring largely filled both orifices, but over the next few days the pain dwindled until just the warm tingle of my filled vagina really remained.

The training started getting hard, the ring jiggled as I ran, and of corse my clit ring and nipple rings also jiggled and then of course I started to feel excited and as I approached climax I would slow down so Li-An would start to whip me, which made me even more excited and I would cum, as I ran, my juices leaking down my legs, oblivious to everything.

Soon, Li-An found she could delay my orgasm with a whipping before we set off, as I began to associate whipping and orgasm, and sometimes she would just whip me and make me cum for no reason, except to amuse herself. 

Of course with the ring I could no longer sit like a human being, only lie down or stand up, like an animal.

"Special treat Pony, six month treat." said Li-An one afternoon, Sally very sad, you talk her Ok." I nodded.

Li-An took me into the main block of the facility, Sally was lying in a bed, naked as always but completely naked not even any tack or a harness and then Li-An removed my bit so I could speak.

"Hi." I said reasonably clearly.

"We're dead." Sally complained.

"Not yet," I said hopefully.

Sally spread her legs and said "Look" softly.

Her whole crotch was covered with coarse black fur, and something had been done as her Vagina appeared huge.

"Look, what they did to me." she said.

"What?" I said stupidly.

"They did it, They asked if I wanted to be a Fuck-Pony and when I saw you I said yes, they're going to make a real Pony fuck me, Jen, a real Pony."

I stared incredulously as she took her poor mutilated fist still wrapped around its iron tube and pushed it easily inside her vagina.

"It's all gone, Jen, Hysterectomy, I can take half a metre of cock, Jen, half a metre, she wailed almost hysterically."

"Calm her." ordered Li-An.

"You might like it." I said but I became aware she was not listening as she was too intent upon fisting herself.

"Look randy little cow, we go train." Li-An suggested and she gagged me once more and led me away.

The best was when Li-An used the dildo saddle and we practised until we could cum together almost every time, she told me she loved me and I wished she would take the bit out and let me tell her I loved her too but she would not.

Sally became morose and would not train, one evening there was a crowd around the stables as we came back from a road run, Li-An made me join the crown and I saw Sally strapped to a bench, laying on her back, legs spread.

I realised they had been waiting for us and as soon as Li-AN gave a signal a man I had never seen before brought a large male Pony through the crowd and turned it to approach Sally so it could see her exposed Vagina.

A strange creature, a shaggy black coat, dull eyes, poorly proportioned, but its penis was huge, disproportionate and it seemed to know the drill, and as soon as its handler released its reins it trotted noisily across the yard before climbing over Sally, its hooves each side of her head where he paused briefly for someone to position his erection at the entrance to her vagina before he flexed his powerful hind quarters and rammed his meat deep into her.

There was a gasp as the whole immense length of his appendage slid inside her, but the gasp was quickly drowned by Sally's screams, her bit had been removed so her scream could have been heard miles away as the black brute pounded into her, and then suddenly he slipped, his fore legs spread sideways crashing his full weight onto Sally's upper body and face.

Sally's head flopped&nbsp; towards me at an unnatural angle and I watched her eyes grow dull as I realised her neck was broken, and then she gurgled and lay still, her staring lifeless eyes bearing testimony to her final agony.

The pony seemed unperturbed and recovered and recommenced its pounding only to falter as Sally no longer responded, he nuzzled the top of her head as if to wake her but her head just flopped round facing the wrong way now before flopping sideways and swinging limply. 

The pony struggled and then its handler came across and whipped its flanks and buttocks with a cowboy whip and the stimulation sent convulsions through its body and horse cum suddenly erupted from Sally's tortured cunt.

The Pony backed away, its legs buckling and its now limp penis dangled like an elephants trunk as its reins were clipped on and it was led slowly away.

A smartly dressed Lady in a European business suit stood watching as two men carried Sally's&nbsp; lifeless body away,&nbsp; then she climbed on the bench and started yelling at us, I had no idea what she was saying but Li-An translated. 

"She lazy Pony, no good." Li-An said, "You end up eight like her if you bad."

"Eight, Ate, Eaten?" what did Li-AN mean, surely not, but we were kept waiting in the yard for an hour may be, before a four wheeled wagon with a charcoal burner like a giant Bar-B-Q with a huge frame like a roasting spit was brought in.

I can't describe how I felt as&nbsp; Sally's mutilated body was returned, the wounds where her organs had been harvested and the wounds crudely stitched all too clearly evident and as I watched in horror they forced the shaft of the roasting spit up her Anus until it emerged from her mouth.

It was worse than that, there was a screw thread tike a giant wood screw and they forced it as far in her anus as It would go and then they put a long bar through a hole in the far end and three men started twisting while three more held her body down.

"Sometimes do when live if no fit and organs poor," Li-An whispered, "as warning." she grinned,"You next, If you no win Saturday." 

We watched as the men expertly guided the pole through Sally's lifeless body, supporting her head and manipulating her so the screw thread came into her mouth through her throat.

"One time girl still live when wood come out mouth, it funny!" Li-An explained morbidly.
 as four men lifted Sally and guided her pole into the end supports and adjusted her height above the fire, straight away her skin started to crisp and blacken even before they began to turn her to roast her, to cook her throughly and evenly, the smell spread across our crowd and I started to salivate, and as I looked round it was clear I was not the only one. 

It was horrible, a clear message to us all to work harder or face the consequences, un-imagined consequences more horrible than I could ever had dreamed possible.
I didn't see them carve Sally up, Li-An brought me a small glass of blood later, I wouldn't drink it so she threw it over me, and snarled "you next."
The love I had imagined flowing from Li-An was illusory, a sham, just a ploy to make me work harder and the knowledge tore my heart like a stake thrust through the heart of a vampire.&nbsp; 

I cried all night for Sally and when Li-An came in the morning she was annoyed.

"She lucky one, you come." she said, "Doctor Lu, he say you have thick strong pelvis, he say we use you cuntshaw if you no good racer, you come try."

It was like a rickshaw, except it had a single drawbar, not two handles but just one which divided at the outer end, Li-An undid the bolts and the end fitting came apart, a short iron tube between two pieces of wood.

"Stand, Pony." Li-An ordered. and she reached between my legs, the tube went through my Ring and she clamped the wood together with the bolts which had like winged nuts that don't need a spanner.

"Now, Must not twist, Pony, you step sideways turn whole shaw round, you Comfort?"

"No," I said.

"Best learn sleep stand up." she said, "If you no good Saturday."

The Shaw was balanced so there was nothing but a gentle downward tug until Li-An climbed in and then all the nerves I believed had died came to agonising life, and before I could understand Li-An whipped me and I started to run. "Stop" Li-An squealed but I ran,ran for my life, I turned right, through the gates into an area I had never seen before, I saw other girls like me, with the same one person carts or cuntshaws, queueing for passengers, all filthy some with shaved heads and on through the outer gates and towards the terraces of paddy fields.

I ran despite Li-An's pleas to slow down and the pain dissolved into a feeling almost of euphoria, the cool breeze on my breasts the clit ring and nipple rings jiggling and the pounding my anus and vagina experienced as the cart bumped over the ruts, I felt I was flying!

On and on I ran out of control, Li-An now urging me to go ever faster, abandoning her attempts to stop me,&nbsp; but fatigue suddenly kicked in and I slowed, the euphoria ebbed away to leave just nakedness and exposure and the cold, I came to a halt gasping for breath, and I looked around me..

I saw a team ploughing, six naked native women, not harnessed just fixed to the ploughshares&nbsp; by their cunt rings, I thought they were kneeling, then I saw, I saw, but didn't believe, that while they had arms but, and this is the horrible bit, they had no lower legs, just spikes, below the knee, six of them as a team, pulling a plough attached to their rings as a guard whipped them, "Spikes give grip." Li-An said, as I stared.

"You need drink, lose lots fluid." Li-An warned me, "And wipe off feet before slip over on cunt juice."

I looked down, the ring and cuntshaw fitting glistened with slippery juice, "Yes much girl have orgasm as they run, you like yes?"

I shook my head but Li-An was gently rocking the cart, the ring rhythmically working within me and I realised it was true and I fell to my knees.

Li-An expertly guided me to climax and then she made me turn the cart around and head back to the facility, I felt fulfilled, I guess that's the word for it, running easily with no need for Li-An to order me about, and then through the outer gates, and through the inner gates until we came to the door to the accommodation block, it was open, Li-An screamed "no."&nbsp;&nbsp; 

I emerged into the corridor and suddenly "Bang" I stopped dead, an unbearable pain engulfed my crotch, bones splintered, and as I fell I realised the cart had been too wide for the doorway, I was aware of a screaming Li-An flying over my head and then with no arms to protect me my head hit the concrete and everything went black.


Broken Part 4

I woke with a start, something was badly wrong, there was no ring between my legs and my arm hurt, I rolled on my side and my arm flopped uselessly where I had laid on it.

My mind raced, I had an arm again, what had happened?

The digital clock glowed greenly at 4 A.M. I checked and realised that I had two arms, I was in a bed in a hotel bedroom and not in a stable, I felt my nipples and there were no rings, neither my clit had any rings, and the huge ring through my crotch, through my Vagina and Anus was gone, and slowly I realised I had experienced a nightmare, the whole thing had been a dream.&nbsp; A horribly vivid dream, well not that vivid, more sepia than techni-colour perhaps, on reflection they were just faceless characters in an indistinct location, the workshops and courtyard and shed all had seemed to be in the same location, now I thought about it yet it had all seemed so real.

I was soaked with perspiration, my head throbbed horribly from the Tequila and Orange I had been drinking with Sally and Mitch my boyfriend in the Hotel bar earlier, I had no recollection of coming to bed, or undressing, or anything, just a grey fog contrasting with the vivid recollection of the dream,

I heard ragged breathing, Mitch lay in a pool of psychedelic vindaloo vomit on the deep pile of the red hotel bedroom carpet beside our bed, snoring gently, the moonlight and streetlight glow lighting the pale green of the bedroom walls to a hideous turquoise hue, the white bedsheets sheet to lemon and the carpet to dark inky black

Mitch looked so pathetic lying there, mouth open, blowing vomit bubbles, completely oblivious to my movements, the bruising around his left eye silent witness to some drunken brawl, and I suddenly remembered what I had promised to do. 

It seemed reasonable enough at the time, to take a few drugs home, through customs to help pay for my two weeks in paradise but the dream seemed like some kind of warning.

I started shaking I couldn't face it, the money was good, but he had expected me to help him take&nbsp; a whole kilo of white powder home, initially in a condom up my bum, it only cost fifty Dollars here&nbsp; but worth maybe Twenty Thousand back home.

I knew the dream was a warning, and I didn't know if I could trust Mitch, as soon as he started drinking in the cheap bars of the resort he seemed to change to a different person to the quiet sensitive man I fell for back home so I quietly dressed, just a thin red dress over a thong and my lacy black bra, and my flip flop sandals, and I sneaked my purse from my case and I just tipped everything out of the purse onto the floor and I left anything he could have hidden anything in behind, Lipstick, powder, everything, I just took my money and passport and papers, and left everything else, I just had this idea that he had hidden the drugs in my luggage, he had dropped the subject altogether too quickly when I refused to help him, it seemed out of character somehow.

It was five forty five when I sneaked out of the room,clutching my purse and an envelope full of my papers and paperwork.&nbsp; I locked the door oh so quietly before walking away slowly and silently along the plushly carpeted but dimly lit corridor towards the stairs.
I relaxed and walked more normally as I realised Mitch was not following me and only when I got to the foyer, did I remember Sally.

I sneaked up back up the plush carpeted stairway, with its dark wooden panelling, and along to Sally's room, a single on the fifth floor, I knocked and she came to the door looking sick.

"It's the middle of the night!" she exclaimed, "My head aches!"

"I leaving!" I told her.

"I drank too much!" she exclaimed. "What's your excuse?"

"Mitch wants me to take drugs home through customs, I think he's hidden something in my luggage, so I'm just dumping it and going home." I announced, "Right now."

"He gave me a present, for my nan." Sally told me, "Do you think he planted drugs there as well?" she asked, her brown eyes now wide and frightened

"I'm leaving everything except my money and papers," I told her, "will you come with me now, there's a bus at seven, maybe we can get an early flight?"

She agreed and we set to work finding her keys and papers and tickets, and making sure nothing was sewn into her clothes and then she dumped most of her stuff and we made our way down to the foyer and waited for the bus. 

The Yellow American stye bus came at six thirty and the driver waited outside, we went out to it and found the driver spoke reasonable English so we climbed aboard and waited as the clock hands crawled seemingly interminably towards seven, all the time I expected Mitch to appear, but Seven o'clock came and we left right on time, taking the scenic route across the mountains instead of the dual carriageway around the coast which we had arrived on and then the strangest thing, we skirted a Village just like the one I dreamed of and there through the trees I glimpsed a building almost exactly like I dreamed about.

My blood ran cold, I stared, I had no idea such a thing existed, and I sat peering through the gaps in the trees searching for mutilated inmates, human ponies perhaps, but there were none, and soon, though it seemed an age we were over the mountain ridge and away in the distance I saw the airport, the glass control tower shimmered in the morning sun, the runways dark against the yellowish sun-scorched grass and the airplanes sparkling silver and gold in the sunlight..

There was only one terminal building, a nineteen sixties legoland creation in concrete and steel, we checked in, and the receptionist was delighted when we asked about a transfer to an earlier flight, but it cost fifty pounds each, "Where is your Luggage?" we were asked.

"We think some one hid drugs in our cases so we left them behind." I admitted, which caused some confusion.

"I never heard that excuse before!" she said, "but don't be surprised if Luton want to do a full body search when you arrive, if you understand me?"

I nodded, at least they would not find anything, and made my way towards the plane. Sally followed behind and we followed the directions and just walked across the sun drenched tarmac and boarded the waiting Plane, a big beautiful plane to take us home, Silver and Blue with 747, painted on the front and RR on the engines and we just gazed at it as we walked across the Tarmac like we were catching a bus or something, and the sense of relief as I climbed the staircase&nbsp; was intoxicating.

I paused briefly at the top of the stairs and I looked back towards the lush green mountains away to my right and to my left the golden sands of the beach were visible through the gaps between the hotels and high rise apartments, and I thought of our two weeks of idleness, the warm sea, sun bathing under the cloudless bluye sky, getting drunk, just generally having fun, and yet the images of my nightmarish dream refused to fade, the featureless face of Li-An and the image of Sally slowly roasting on a spit&nbsp; overlaid everything.

I just about leapt inside the Cabin, to safety, never had an air-conditioned claustrophobia tube felt so good, and I just clutched my papers and purse tightly as took my seat and waited impatiently until the steward gave the life-belt and oxygen demo and the doors were shut and it was only when I felt that push as the plane lifted off the runway that I relaxed.

Ands that's why I need to borrow a thousand pounds, to buy some new clothes.

Oh and Mitch, I haven't seen Mitch. I don't think I want to.

I'll always remember him, on the bedroom carpet, blowing vomit bubbles as he lay in his own sick, yuck.

The End



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Angie.Fuchs


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





