BDSM Library - a trip to Cathy's




a trip to Cathy's
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: 








&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; While I was at work today, Cathy called me. She told me that she would be getting home at 8 p.m. When she got there, she wanted to find me in her garage. I was to be naked, freshly shaved and standing in the middle of her garage. I was to have my legs tied spread wide apart, and my hands tied high over my head. I was to have a blindfold on, and clamps on both my nipples. She wanted me with a separate string tied around each of my balls, tying them each off as tightly as I could. On the hanging end of each of these strings she wanted me to hang a one pound weight so that each of my balls was being pulled on. I was to have a small cock ring around the very base of my cock, so that when I got hard, I would stay hard. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; On a table near where I was going to display myself, I was to have ready for her to use on me, a small penis whip, a paddle, a tube of ben gay, q tips, a bowl of ice cubes, a dress makers pin wheel, a med butt plug, a vibrating cock ring, a pocket pussy, and a utility knife.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; When she was done telling me this and making me write it all down, she asked me if I understood what she wanted. I told her yes. And she hung up on me.&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The rest of the day at work, I thought about the things she wanted me to have ready for her, and how I was to have myself tied off, and what she was going to do with me. By the time I got of work and home, I was Horney as hell.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I jumped into the shower and cleaned up and shaved my self again just to make sure there was no stubble around my cock and balls. I figured since she brought it up, she would be checking later. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; After I was dressed, I grabbed a bag and threw the small whip Cathy had brought with her the night before. I also took the ping pong paddle, blindfold and the nipple clamps she had brought and put that in the bag. I got the wood ruler, ben gay, Q tips, a utility knife, and a bowl and put them in the bag also. Then I ended up driving to Select Video and buying a med sized butt plug, a pocket pussy, a cock ring, and a vibrating cock ring. I had to ask the clerk if they had the pin wheel and where I could find it if they did. After she showed me where they were, she rang up my stuff and told me that she hoped I had fun. Yes I turned fifty shades of red as she knew what each of the items would be used for. Then it was on to the hardware store for rope and cord, and fishing weights. But then I was on my way to Cathy&#8217;s place.




 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Just before I got to Cathy&#8217;s, I stopped and picked up a small bag of ice. Then drove to her place. I get to her place and park in the drive. The house is dark. I grab the bag of items she wanted and the bag of ice and head for her garage. I find the walk through door to her garage unlocked and go in. It is not heated and is dark and cool inside. I find the light and get to work. I need to put eye hooks in the roof joist and on the walls as close to the floor as I can. Then I cut lengths of cotton rope and cut them to size and tied them off to the eye hooks. Then I found some boxes and a small piece of plywood and made a table out of them close to where I was going to tie myself off, and laid out all of the items Cathy had me bring on the make shift table and filled the bowl with ice.&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; While I was looking for something to make the table out of, I saw an old table lamp on a shelf so I set that on the make shift table, plugged it in and turned it on. Then turned off the big florescent overhead lights. There are windows in Cathy&#8217;s garage and I didn&#8217;t need a neighbor walking by and looking in the windows because they were all lit up. This would give Cathy enough light to see me and do want she wanted.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Then it was time to get undressed. I striped out of my clothes and put them in a pile out of the way. Then I cut two short lengths of string and used them to tie off my balls. I made a slip knot on the end of the string and pushed one of my balls through it and then pulled it tight just above my ball, then wrapped the string around the same spot a couple more times, tightening it as I go then tied it off with about four inched of string hanging down. I then do the same to my other ball. Then I feed the string through the hoops on the top of the fishing weights and tie them off. I let the weights hang free and I had one pound of weight pulling on each of my balls. My balls hurt already and have turned a dark red. Next I work the cock ring down over my cock until it rest right at the base of my cock. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Then I stand where Cathy is going to find me, and I spread my legs as far as I can and tie the ropes coming from the side walls to each ankle, holding them spread. Then I take the nipple clamps and clamped off both my nipples.
Once I had them on it was time for the blindfold which I put on. Then I reached above me and found the rope hanging from the ceiling joist and put my hands through the slip knot and pulled it tight.







&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I was now tied naked and spread eagle in Cathy&#8217;s garage with no way to get loose without her help. So all I could do was wait for her to get home.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; As I hung there, I could hear cars driving past and had time to think about what Cathy was going to do to me. I heard a car pull into her drive and stop. Then a car door slammed shut, then a 2nd door slammed shut and I could hear her walking towards the walk through door to the garage. I was wondering what she had brought with her that she had to bring to the garage with her, and was it another item she was going to use on me. Then I heard the door opening. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I could hear her walk over to where I hung, but I had not heard the door close. She didn&#8217;t speak, but I knew she was standing next to me, looking at me. I jumped a little when I felt her nails run across my left ball. Then she flicked my ball like she was flicking a bug off her arm. That stung a lot, and I knew she must be smiling because I could feel my cock start to stiffen so she knew I was enjoying having her hit my ball. She flicked both my balls a few times, enough to give me a partial hard on. Then she pushed the weights and got them swinging pulling my balls with them. Still she didn&#8217;t say anything. Then she ran her nails down both my side scraping them hard as she went. This sent shivers through me, but it also excited me enough that I could feel my cock swelling and I knew it was pointing out how much I was enjoying the humiliation of her seeing me hanging there naked, and what she was doing to me. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Then I felt just her finger tips, she got them wet with the slime that was leaking from my cock, and she coated the head of my cock with it running her finger tips around the head. I got totally hard when she did this. I could feel the cock ring biting into my cock.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The first thing I heard her say was, oh, it looks like you like the feeling of that. She continued to coat the head of my cock with my slime, making my cock head more sensitive as she did. I could tell she was using her thumb and first two fingers to rub my slime around the head of my cock. It was feeling great. As she was doing this and I was enjoying it a lot, she must have picked up some of the ice out of the bowl, because the next thing I felt was her fingers leaving my cock, and her other hand closing around the head of my cock, covering it with ice. Dam that was cold.



 She moved the ice around the head asking me if I was enjoying that hand as much as I was her other hand? I told her no. then I hear, oh, well then maybe you will like this better. She now had ice in both hands and she closed them around both my balls. She rubbed the ice all over my balls, and as she pressed the ice into my balls, she was squeezing them also. She went back and forth from my cock to my balls with the ice, until my cock had shriveled up to nothing. My balls were really hurting from having the weights hung from them, but also from Cathy squeezing them, but then she started to make the weights swing back and forth, pulling on my balls even more. She kept the weights swinging for a while, and then I heard her walking away from me and towards the door. Then I hear the door close and I can hear her walking on her drive. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I was left hanging in her garage with my balls being pulled on as the weights swung them back and forth. I hung there for what felt like a long time, even though I have no idea how long it was. I know that if I could have, I would have reached down and jerked off. I was wishing Cathy would return and make me cum. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Then I hear the door opening again, I had not even heard her walking on the drive. This time the door closes. I can hear her moving around the garage, and then all of a sudden, she was standing right next to me and she asked me, did you miss me. I tell her yes Mistress. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I feel the clamps on my nipples move and she asks if they hurt, I tell her yes they do. She asks me if I would like her to remove them, I again tell her yes. She tells me, you know it going to hurt worse if I do, and I tell her yes, I know, but they will only hurt a little bit, not constant like they do now. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I feel her take hold of the clamps and twist them and my nipples, this hurts big time, but them she removes them both at the same time, and my nipples burst into more pain as the blood flows back into them. Then she had set the clamps down and has taken hold of both my nipples and is rubbing them, but then the rubbing turns into pinches and tugs. She is asking, does that feel better, and I tell her yes. I feel her let go of them and then I feel her tongue as she is licking and sucking on my nipples. I really enjoyed that feeling. As she was sucking on my nipples she was starting to bite down on them as well. She knows that I like to have this done, and as she was doing it, I could again feel my cock start to stiffen. She must have seen it also, because I heard her say, I see you like what I am doing. I told her yes maam. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Then she quits sucking on them and I am left to hang in front of her again. 



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Then I feel a sting on my left nipple and then right away on my right nipple. She has picked up the small whip and is whipping my nipples with it. Back and forth she goes. I can hear her giggling because my cock has become hard again as she keeps hitting my nipples. She then takes hold of my right nipple and pulls it hard straight out and up stretching my boob out and then she is whipping my boob, top and bottom, back and forth. It stings a lot but I get more excited the harder she hits me. Then she has let go of my nipple and she is again hitting me across the nipple. When she feels that nipple and boob has had enough for right then, she takes hold of my left nipple and repeats the same thing on that side. Take hold of the nipple pull it out and up and whip my boob, and then whip my nipple until she must have felt they matched the other side. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; When she stopped whipping my nipples, I heard her say, wow you must have enjoyed that, there is a long stream of slime hanging from your cock. Then I heard her say open up, and she put her finger into my mouth and told me to clean it off.&nbsp; She had wrapped the stream of slime leaking from my cock head onto her finger and had me lick it off and swallow it. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I could then feel her running her hands over my chest and telling me, wow your boobs feel nice and warm, I bet they hurt, and I told her that yes they did. She said, well I have just the thing to take your mind off them. I could hear her moving around and other noises and then she was telling me to push my ass backwards. Which I did. I felt her spreading my ass cheeks and then I felt it as she pressed and ice cube against my ass hole. Then she pushed on it until she had pushed it up inside my ass. She pushed two ice cubes up inside of me asking me if it helped take my mind off my boobs. I told her yes, but it was real cold and did not feel good. She told me to keep my ass pushed back and out and she would see if she could help with that. 
I didn&#8217;t hear anything for a minute and then I felt something pushing against my ass hole again. As she pushed it into my ass, I could feel it getting wider, she was shoving the butt plug into me. Then I got a wiff of ben gay. She had used the ben gay to lubricate the butt plug. I could feel it starting to burn already. By the time she has pushed the plug all they way in and it pops into place, my ass is burning. I feel her lean against me back and ask me how that feels, I tell her it burns and she says good, that is what it supposed to do.







 I can feel as she is pressed against me that she no longer has her shirt on. I can feel her bare breasts on my back, and I can even feel her hard nipples pressing into my back. Then again she is pressed against me, and then she is gone. I can again hear her as she moves around the garage and then I feel her standing next to me at my side. I can feel that she is standing straddling my right leg. I feel her take hold of my hard cock in her right hand and just hold it. Then I feel the paddle hit my ass and I move forward with the blow, my cock sliding though her hand. She is not hitting hard but it stings. With each hit of the paddle, I am fucking her hand that is holding my cock. Her hand feels so good. Her swats with the paddle are getting harder as she goes. First one check, and then the other, back and forth. Then I realize that she has pressed herself against my leg and I can feel her pussy as she rubs it on my leg as she paddles me and makes me fuck her hand. I can feel her juices wetting my leg as she rubs herself off on me. All I can think about is how I wish I could see her. She continues to paddle my ass and have me fuck her hand, I am getting close to shooting off and I don&#8217;t know how she knew&nbsp; it, but she let go of my cock and stopped swatting my ass, and then she stepped away from me. I was so close to cumming, I know I was thrusting my hips forward trying to make contact with her hand and I could hear her laughing as she watched me fucking the air. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Then I feel sharp pricks across my nipples, she is using the pin wheel on them. She makes sure that she lines it up so that one of the pins sticks right into the tip of my nipples as she does this. Then she was running it up and down the shaft of my cock, and around the head. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Cathy was going back and forth between my cock and my nipples, while she was using it on my cock, her other hand was pinching and pulling on my nipples. When she was using it on my nipples, her free hand was lightly stroking my cock keeping me close to shooting off.&nbsp; Then this also stopped.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I then feel her squeeze my cock from base to head and then she was telling me to open wide. She has milked another stream of slime from my cock and she has me lick it off her fingers which she put in my mouth. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Then she wasn&#8217;t doing anything and I didn&#8217;t hear her. She must have been standing watching me. Then wam, she hit my cock with the whip. She whipped my cock all along the top of the shaft, and then she took hold of the head and pulled it up and whipped the underside of my cock.







 This continued for awhile, top and bottom being whipped, then she took hold of my cock, and started whipping the head of it. Then it was back to her whipping the shaft. Then this also stopped. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Then the weights hanging from my tied off balls started to swing, Cathy had to have pushed them. Each time the weights would swing to the front and pull my balls with them, Cathy would lightly hit one of my balls with what felt like the ruler. She kept the weights swinging and kept hitting my balls until she tired of this. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Then I feel something against the head of my cock. Very slowly it is pushed down over my cock. Soon my cock is totally encased in it. Cathy has pushed the pocket pussy down over my cock. She holds it very still and tells me I have one minute to get off. I start to thrust my hips back and forth fucking it as she holds it. She must be watching me do this and it is very humiliating, but feels so good. I was getting close to shooting when I feel it pulled off my cock. She told me, to bad, you took to long. Then I feel her holding a handful of ice on my cock as she must have thought it would cool me down. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; When she is done with the ice, I hear her at the table again. I try to remember what is left on the table that she could use on me, when I feel her pressing something into my bound hand. Cathy then tells me that I can cut myself loose after she has left. I must leave my balls tied up and the weights stay on, the cock ring stays on also. But as soon as I have myself free, I am to come to the living room. Then I hear her leave the garage. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; It takes a bit, but I manage to cut the rope I am hanging from and get my hands loose. I take the blindfold off and untie my feet. The whole time I am doing this, the weights hanging from my balls are swings around pulling on them. I see my cock and balls are both a deep red, and very sore. I turn the small light off and leave the garage walking naked to Cathy&#8217;s house. While it is only a 50 foot walk from the garage to the house and it was dark out, Cathy does live on a main road and someone could have seen me.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The front door is unlocked and I go in. I enter the living room and see Cathy.&nbsp; 








&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; She is naked; sitting in a chair with her legs spread wide open and hooked over the arms of the chair. She tells me to kneel in front of her, which I do. Cathy tells me it is now time for me to thank her for the pleasure she gave me by hurting me in the garage. I move forward and start to lick her pussy. Cathy is sitting forward in the chair so as I lick her pussy, I can also lick her asshole. I suck one and then the other of her lips into my mouth and lightly nip them, and then let them go and continue to lick her. I kiss the insides of her spread legs working my way back to her pussy. I use my tongue to lick along the length of her pussy dipping down to run my tongue around her asshole and push it inside a little. I can hear her breathing coming faster now, as I work her towards her climax. I have waited a long time to taste her pussy, and I just loved her taste. I push my tongue as far as I can up inside of her opening tasting her juices. I can feel the hard button of her clit as it pushes out the more excited Cathy gets. I can see it has extended out of its hood and is exposed all nice and hard and pink. When I feel Cathy is close to her climax, I whip my tongue back and forth over her clit and feel her cum on my mouth. Cathy holds me mouth against her pussy as she goes through her climax, and I continue to lick her and taste her cum juices. Then she relaxes and pushes my head away. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I look at her as she continues to come down from her climax. She is so beautiful. Then I hear her telling me to stand up. Then as I watch, she places the vibrating cock ring on my cock right behind the head so that it is pressed up against the ridge of the head where it meets the shaft. She tells me to put my hands on top of my head, which I do. Then she turns it on. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Cathy tells me that I am to look at her, and only her until the rings makes me shoot. But that I am to tell her when I am going to shoot because she wants me to aim my cock so that I can get as much of my cum as I can to land on her pussy. So as the vibrator works on my cock I watch Cathy.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Cathy runs her hands up and down her body, she cups her breasts and plays with her nipples as I watch, then she runs her hands down and then back up the insides of her legs until she reaches the top, then she is holding the lips to her sex open and telling me, won&#8217;t it feel great when you can use your cock for what it was meant for and push it deep inside of her.





 She asks me if I enjoys eating her pussy, and didn&#8217;t I wish I could fuck her. She told me that she was hoping to see me cover her pussy with my cum soon, that she wants me to see if when I start to shoot, if I can cover her clit with it. The vibrator is getting me close and as I listen to what she is saying and watch her play with herself I find myself telling her I am going to cum. Cathy tells me to grab my cock and aim for her clit. Most of my cum lands on her pussy lips, but some does cover her clit. When I am done cumming on her, she turns the vibrator off and removes it. Them she tells me to again kneel in front of her. Which I do. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; She tells me it is now time for me to cleanup the mess I just made. I lean forward and start to lick up my cum from her pussy. As I am licking her clean, Cathy tells me that I am to continue to lick her until a again bring her off. Which I do. Only after she has her second climax, and I have cleaned up all my slime and swallowed it, does she allow me to stand in front of her again. She then tells me I can remove the weights and cord from my balls. Which I do as she watches. They are very sore and swollen and it takes a little work to get the cords untied. But it feels much better once they are. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Then I see that she has brought two items from the garage with her. She tells me to put my hands back on top of my head. And as I watch, Cathy takes a q tip, opens the ben gay, covers the end of the q tip with ben gay and then proceeds the cover the head of my cock with ben gay. It starts to burn before she is done. When she has the head covered in it, she takes hold of my cock and as I watch she recoats the end of the q tip with more ben gay, and then she puts the end of the q tip against the opening in my cock and starts to push it down in side of my cock.&nbsp; She works it in and out covering the inside of my cock with ben gay and then pushes it deep inside of my cock so that just the end is sticking out, and tell me that it stays inside until I get home, just like the butt plug, and the cock ring. And then tells me it is time for me to leave, I should get my cloths and head home. By then my cock is on fire but I go out to the garage and get dressed and then head for home. 



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Betthsuer John(no email) 


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





