BDSM Library - Out of State




Out of State
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: 






"Out of State"


"See, the way I see it, is that who cares if it's uncomfortable? As long as I look hot, it doesn't matter!"
Zach nodded, gritting his teeth against the stupid pouring out of Amanda's mouth. The girl must've been dropped, thrown and kicked in the head as an infant; He found himself wondering all the time how exactly she's survived long enough to hit 20; people this stupid just should not be alive. No matter, he thought with an inward chuckle, that'll be remedied soon enough. "What're you so happy about, huh?" Zach sighed, his heart racing with excitement as he draped an arm over her bare shoulders. "Oh, nothing." 
Zach had put up with Amanda's moronic bullshit for 6 months, a month short of how long it'd taken her to come up with the money for a plane ticket to New York to meet him. On some whim of boredom and sadistic tendancies, he'd actually accepted the friend request from her. To his surprise, he'd soon realize that a molten ball of stupid had been dropped into his lap. Initially, he found the prospect of this braindead ditz obsessing over him offensive, and even disgusting, but the longer he listened to her rant and wondered how much it'd take to shut her up, the more a plan began to formulate in the recesses of his twisted little mind. It didn't take long until he was making plans of how he'd get rid of her, how he'd make the whole thing disappear. After all, no one would suspect Zach. Not 27 year old Zach, working for a good company in the graphics department, single but happy. Just like no one would've expected to find photos of dead bodies, books about serial killers, graphic drawings of dismembered girls and the like, all compiled and categorized in Zach's bedroom closet. No, he hid his inner thoughts exceptionally, Zach. A classic sociopath, and with a capacity to feign empathy as well as concern, he'd been hoping for the day that he'd sum up the balls to finally act out what he'd dreamed of for nearly two decades. 
And that's where Amanda came into it. 

Amanda was one of those girls. The ones who'd had everything handed to them, forked over on a big, shiny golden plate; From good grades to expensive clothes, to a 900$ guitar that one of her exes had bought, that she now used as a conversation peice (Something that disgusted Zach beyond belief; While he only dabbled in music and wasn't exceptional at the guitar, he'd always respected it along with every other art, as something that should be founded in passion, not in a need for attention). Zach hadn't done any of that, had barely given her the time of day, which-of course- he assumed was why she'd pursued him so badly. For girls like Amanda, playing princess was fun, but to really enjoy themselves, Zach assumed that they were almost as sadistic as he; Girls like that seemed to relish the thought of sinking their claws deep into some headstrong guy and pussy whipping them until they were nothing more than wallets with hardons. Zach had enjoyed every second of it, once the seed of his plan was planted. As soon as he was past the stage of irritation, he loved talking to her; scraping out every fear and insecurity, Amanda completely oblivious to the fact that she was not only handing him ample ammunition, but loading the gun and all but pointing it at herself. 
And now, all that was left was to pull the trigger.
Zach could already feel his fingers itching. 

"Oh come on, you can't be afraid of NOTHING. There has to be SOMETHING that scares you!"
Zach had to sit and think about that one for a while. He wasn't an idiot and wasn't about to type "Having the cops search my apartment after I cut you into little peices", but he knew he had to say something. After a few seconds he finally responded
"Spiders. I hate the fucking things."
And amanda had 'loled', said how funny it was for a 'big strong guy like you' to be afraid of bugs.
"Well, what about you then? You're so adamant on fear, what scares you?"
After about a minute, Zach was blessed with seemingly all the information he'd ever need, on a big, golden platter.
"Honestly? I'm terrified of some whacko abducting me. I tend to be too trusting, and I'm scared it'll fuck me over one of these days...Being embarassed, getting fat, being ugly...Those are the things that REALLY scare me..."
Zach about pissed himself. A fear of being abducted? It was almost too good. The possibility of her being on to him flickered across his mind for a split-second, before he was reminded of the fact that this was, afterall the same girl who'd asked him "What language do British people speak?" Yes, infinitely stupid. Walking with her through downtown Binghamton, Alex let all these little conversations come back to him, forcing himself to remember anything that scared, angered, or hurt Amanda. And there had been so goddamn much...It'd taken her about 20 minutes before she decided that Zach was not only trustworthy, but apparently her new best friend, and obviously interested in her. Soon enough..He kept reminded himself, as he forced a shit-eating grin everytime some new idiocy flew out of her mouth. Soon enough..

After a night of catering to the Bitch Princess, Zach was practically itching to get the hell home and start the real show. He slowed the Stingray down, easing into a parking lot next to Lanes' Liquor and killed the engine, turning to Amanda. "Anything in particular?" She seemed to think for a second and then shrugged. "Oh, whatever the hell. Just make sure it's good..." She winked at him and he felt himself want to gag as he forced another fake smile. Zach hated when people winked. It was just stupid and corny, like a bad old cartoon. Paying for the two bottles of Grey Goose, though, he found himself smiling a lot easier. Soon enough, he thought again. He slid back into the car and drove back to his house on Riverside Drive, parking in the garage. Still ranting sporadically, Amanda followed him into the house and into the living room. She settled into Zach's long, curved couch and as he began to pour the first drinks, the gravity of the situation finally settled fully into his head. He was about to kill this girl that he'd befriended for half a year. She'd never hit 21, would never be able to legally buy the alcohol that had to make up 70% of her system. Zach Madison would, for the first time in his life, end another human being's life.
He felt like a kid on Christmas morning. It was exhilerating, and he couldn't remember feeling so alive.

He sighed contently and settled onto the couch a few inches away from her. "Cheers?" He held up the glass and clinked with hers, drinking down the vodka straight, not surprised to see her do the same. He sighed again and kicked his legs up on the foot stool, smoothing out his black pinstriped pants. "So..." He leaned on his fist and looked over at her, thousands of ideas swimming through his head. Without saying anything, she climbed on top of him and started kissing him, pressing against his crotch with her palm. Zach couldn't say he was shocked by the reaction, nor was he displeased by it, afterall a good half of their conversations had been perverted in one way or another. He wasn't shocked when she unzipped his pants, either, grabbing ahold of his dick and squeezing. "Oh, I've been wanting to do this for months..."She whispered in his ear, her free hand trailing around behind his head, brushing her fingers over the back of his neck. Zach shivered and bit his lip, trying to contain himself before the real festivities started. Oh hell, in here is as good as anywhere, he finally decided. He'd wanted to do this upstairs where he could show her just how little she'd known about him, unearthing his morbid collection but he couldn't wait any longer. 6 months had been too fucking long already. He reached up and wrapped his hands around her neck, thumbs pressing tight against her pulse. Amanda laughed nervously, gasping for breath. "Baby, that's...that's kind of enough..." Zach smiled and clenched his hands, feeling her fingers tighted reflexively around him. He shoved his full weight into her and threw her to the floor, pinning her legs with his knees. "Do you ever get the feeling that youre a bit dim, darling?" He tightened his hands around her throat, watching her eyelids flutter. "Maybe like the world's got an upper hand on you?" He let go and pulled back, hands drifting across her curves. 

He watched her face twist into anger, her dull brown eyes filled with stupid, animal hate. "What the fuck is wrong with you? Zach, what's your problem?" He pulled his arm back and slapped her, hard across the face. The sound rang out in the silent room, tension hanging in the air. He couldn't help laughing when she started struggling, knees flailing, deep red mark darkening on her face. "YOU MOTHERFUCKER, YOU CAN'T HIT ME!" She swung at him with both hands and he grabbed both, twisting her fingers back. She screamed out, wriggling under him. "Why, because you've got tits? Because you've spent your entire life admitting to ever stereotype that a bitch should be? Honey, I'm going to do a lot more than hit you tonight." He twisted her small hands until he felt bones crack, heard the muffled satisfying snaps as her fingers bent into angles not humanly intended. He threw his head back and laughed as she screamed, banging her ruined hands against the floor. "Oh, shut your fucking mouth!" He shifted so he was sitting on her chest, pinning her to the floor and yanked her skirt up, hooking his fingers in her underwear. "I wouldn't want you to ruin the fun now, would you?" He ripped her panties down, wadded them up and stuffed them into her mouth to keep her screaming at least muffled. He paused and slid his hand into his pants, pulling out a utility knife. "Now..we can get to the real fun." He flipped her onto her stomach and whipped the razor blade across both of her ankles, laying open the skin deep to the bone. He felt her body go rigid, screaming and gagging into her underwear, her arms banging on the ground. He rolled her back onto her stomach and stood up, smiling. Oh, this was how he'd always envisioned it, watching love turn to hate and then to terror. This was true control, complete and irrevocable. It was goddamn perfect. He knelt back down and cut her dress open from the front, glad for it to be strapless and tossed it to the side. 

He grabbed ahold of her breasts, digging his fingernails into her, loving the little whines that came out of her throat. "Fuck, are these even real? They look fake enough.." He unhooked her bra and pulled it down, poking her nipple with the edge of the razor, feeling her twitch. "Guess I'll have to find out, huh?" He lifted her left breast and slowly dragged the razor along the curve of it, heart racing as she screamed and bucked. Blood oozed out, saturating her bra and Zach's pant leg. He stopped and realized that even though his floors were ceramic, blood would probably stain that too, and he did like to have company occasionally. He grabbed her by the hair and dragged hoisted her up, throwing her over his shoulder. "We'll just have to take this party somewhere else, won't we?"
He carried her through the kitchen and to the cellar door off to the side, flicking the light switch on as he did. He carried her down the cement stairs, into the cold and damp basement, the smell of mildew and decay surrounding. He dropped her in the middle of the floor and headed back up the stairs to lock the door. His basement was small and empty except for a large deep freezer, so there was no risk of her finding something to hurt him with. Heading back down the stairs, he was amused to see her trying to crawl across the floor, fingers swollen and terribly bruised. "My god, you're even dumber than I thought. You're in a fucking basement, there's ONE DOOR. Where exactly were you going?" He ripped the underwear out of her mouth and tossed them aside, crossing his arms. "Why are you doing this to me!? I thought you loved me, what's the fucking matter with you Zach!" He shook his head and chuckled, crouching down over her. "No, Amanda. I loved the idea of doing this to you. You...are a complete fucking moron. You should've died a long, fucking time ago..." He paused for a second, watching her terror deepen. "And you've made the mistake of telling me way too many fucking things. Congratulations, darling. You've dug your own grave." He slid two fingers into her cunt and wriggled them around, listening to her squeal and protest. "Oh, shut the fuck up, you love every second of it." He spread her legs open and forced four fingers in, scraping his nails against the walls of her vagina. He pulled his fingers out and wiped the wetness across her bare stomach, shaking his head. "And you're still saying no? Amanda, you want this just as bad as I do...Well, maybe not as bad.." He unzipped his pants and let them fall to his knees, forcing himself into her. She scratched at the concrete with her broken fingers, biting her lip against sobs as he drove himself as deep as he could into her. Zach had fucked plenty of girls, but he could never remember it feeling anything like this. 

Staring down at her, her eyes shut tight , bood still drizzling from her tit, her cheek now bruising from the hit earlier..it was a thousand times better than any fantasy. He pulled out and forced her onto her stomach, grabbing a fistfull of her hair. "I know how much you love this, so enjoy!" He spread her ass and slid slowly, painfully in, relishing the way she shrieked. Amanda had told him dozen of times that she hated ass fucking, thought it was disgusting and incredibly painful. He kept that in mind as he yanked her hair back, listening to her groan and wheeze. Her ass was so tight it almost her, constricting in terror against him, trying to force it back out. he let go of her hair and slammed her face against the concrete, grinding it against it. He leg go and grabbed ahold of her hips, burying his nails into her soft flesh, pulling her tight against him. She must've screamed "Stop" about a hundred times by now, her voice already going hoarse. Zach laid back and pulled her on top of him, watching her tits bounce, flecks of blood landing on his face. He licked his lips, the metallic tang turning him on even more and he grabbed her ass, bouncing her up and down. She sagged against him, unable to hold herself up and sobbed aganist his chest. "Please, Zach...please stop, stop fucking hurting me! What the fuck did I DO!?" He ran his nails up and down her back, digging at her hips. "You're a stupid, fucking slut Amanda..." He hissed in her ear, throwing her back onto her knees. He hunced over her, forcing his cock back into her ass and kept fucking her. "You fucking fat, ugly bitch..." He groaned, knowing how concious she was about her weight. He laughed as fresh tears coursed down her face, her chest heaving with sobs. "People only fuck you because you're easy!  You think you're beautiful? You look like fucking TRAILER TRASH!" He forced her face against the concrete again, grinding it hard against. He realized his hands were shaking, his dick throbbing inside of her ass. He pulled out, knowing he'd come soon and rolled her onto her back again. "Get over here and suck my cock." She tried to sit up, failed and fell back over. "I..I can't move, you broke my fucking fingers you bast-"&nbsp; She shut up when she felt the nick of the box cutter against her throat, tip even now drawing blood. "I don't care if I break your fucking ARMS, bitch. Get the fuck over here before I slit your throat NOW." She sobbed, whimpering as she crawled onto her knees and turned around, her shoulders twitching with each sob. He grabbed her hair and forced her open mouth around his cock, shivered as the hot wetness surrounded him. He clawed at the back of her head, forcing his dick deep in her throat, paying no attention to her gagging all the while. Zach felt himself tightening, felt his nerves tingling and he let out a long, deep moan. He bit down on his lip and came into the back of Amanda's throat, hands shaking as he did. He slid out, watching her gag and try to spit it out. Zach grabbed ahold of her face and covered her mouth, shaking his head. "Oh, no. You're swallowing that. Every fucking bit." Her eyes pleaded at him as she finally swallowed, gagging again. Zach shoved her hard, watching vomit spill out of her mouth. "Oh, for fuck's sake...you're disgusting. You know that? Fucking disgusting." He stood up and dragged her away from the puddle of puke, hoping that the concrete scoured her skin and burned as he did. He slammed her up against the wall and watched her fall over, her eyelids fluttering. He walked slowly back to where she was and thought what was next. Watching her lay there, helpless and worthless, crying hysterically he felt torn. He wanted to kill her, but he didn't want it to be over. 

Finally he decided to hell with it and broke the edge off of the boxcutter, wanting a fresh edge. He sat down on her hips, tracing his fingers over her bare skin. "I just want you to know, this has been wonderful...was it as good for you as it was for me?" He snickered, setting the tip of the razor between her tits. Slowly, forcing it deep, he slit her open, loving the sudden hot gush of blood over his bare hands. Zach was shocked that already, he was hard again and figured that nothing would be better than fucking AND killing her. Slowly, still dragging the razor down her midsection, he eased into her cunt, the sight of her blood driving him crazy. "Oh..at least you've finally got a purpose now, Amanda...wouldn't mommy be so proud?" At that, Amanda screamed louder, wailing until her voice cracked. Zach knew that Amanda's mom hated her and called her a whore all the time. "She was right, after all!" Zach hit her stomach and forced the boxcutter as deep as it would go, laying her stomach open. The air reeked of blood and vomit, his hands almost purpe with gore. He buried her fingers into her stomach, caressing her intestines as he pounded in and out of her, his breath catching with sharp gasps now. This was beyond wonderful, it was unimaginable. He felt his first pang of regret, worrying that after this nothing would be able to get him off again. That quickly dissapated as he brought the razor down again, shredding her intestines. Amanda's screamed started to change, switching to a low, keening moan, interrupted by a hitched sob or gasp for air. Zach pulled out before he came, wanting to prolong this as much as possible. He stared down at her, at the beautiful mess he'd made. His arms were slicked red up to his elbows, blood spattered across his chest and face. She stared up at him, eyelids fluttering weakly. "Please...please stop..Zach please.."

 He spat at her, slapping her again. He slid his dick into the gaping wound of her stomach, rubbing up against her innards, blood clotting in his pubic hair. He bit down on his lip hard, his balls twitching on the edge of orgasm already. He reached down and squeezed her intestines, poking at her kidneys, running his fingertips over the smooth walls he'd so easily cut down. When he felt sure he could contain himself, he slipped his cock back between her guts, into the steaming pool of viscera. Still pushing in and out, he leaned over and begain to saw at her arm with the boxcutter, with the intention of severing it. Her pulse quickened and she started screaming again, blood pouring out of her open wounds. Zach realized that she was probably dying, realized that it would be over soon. Frantically he pulled out of her gut and slid his cock back into her mouth and went back to sawing at her arm, feeling her lips spasm as her body slowly drained of blood and life. Halfway through amputating her other arm, he felt her body jerk. He looked down and watched her eyes go wide, almost comically so. And then she stopped struggling. Her broken fingers stopped twitching, the strained heave of her chest ended. Zach realized that she was dead and kept pounding his cock into her mouth. Knowing that she was dead and he was no longer in any rush, he realized he had an even better idea. He pulled is cock out of her mouth, spit and blood smearing across her dead lips and began sawing at her throat with the boxcutter. A fresh spray of blood gushed across him and Zach almost came at that but managed to force himself to wait, just a little longer. He cut around her neck until her head lolled on just the spine, and then he pulled. Hard. Until her head managed to snap off of the spine, decapitating her. Zach almost had to laugh, having seen and read this a million times. He sat back on the concrete and pulled her severed head into his lap, forcing it up and down over his cock. He shuddered, staring over at her butchered corpse, at the blood that was dripping onto his bare legs and the floor. Her mouth was slack but her throat was still nice and tight, as he slid it up and down his now painful hardon, fingers rubbing against the the stump of neck. And then he came, harder than he had in his entire life, until it almost hurt. He gasped for breath, twining his fingers deep into the dead girl's hair and yanking hard, filling up the back of her throat with his cum. When he was finally done, he slid her head off slowly, staring into her dead eyes as he did. Idly running his bloodcovered fingers over his cock, he stared at her with some kind of strange affection. She'd been so stupid, so irritating alive...but she was absolutely perfect dead. He tossed her body into the deep freezer, deciding that there was no real reason to get rid of something that was still perfectly useful. 

The next day at work, everyone wondered why Zach was so happy. He'd simply told them "I had a hell of a night." and grinned, shaking his head. And it was true. Zach had enjoyed the best night of his life, and he decided that it couldn't be the last time. Sooner or later, he'd find another Amanda. The world was full of them, full of people that no one would miss and shouldn't exist in the first place. Yes, Zach was pretty sure he'd found his niche. 



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Chaos_N


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





