BDSM Library - Extensions




Extensions
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: 









Extensions

1.

Through their twenty-five years of marriage Ted and Joan had enjoyed a successful and varied sex life. Joan allowed Ted his kinky side and often went along with and enjoyed erotic dress and a little bondage. She knew that Ted had wishes for more but had always kept their experiences within her own limits. She was well aware that tonight would stretch those limits but had agreed with Ted that a little indulgence might be fun. 

Over the years Ted had purchased all manner of sexy things for Joan to wear and her collection was extensive. The latest additions were the most expensive but more erotic in an adult way than the kinky things he had purchased when they were younger. Tonight he had asked that she go out to dinner with him wearing a very sexy set of things under a sexy but fairly modest dress. Other than this request he had not described what she would be wearing, leaving an element of risk in her mind. This was new to their activities, having kept sex play limited to either their own home or locked hotel rooms. Playing in public, even in a covered up way, had tweaked Joan's interest and instantly turned her on a little when Ted had suggested it. To her own surprise, she had agreed.

They had made reservations for nine o'clock at a very nice place in a high end hotel downtown. The food was said to be superb and the atmosphere dark and private with each table being a semi circle booth with curtained&nbsp; privacy walls on each side. They had been there for drinks at the attached old fashioned bar but never for dinner. 

2.

At six o'clock Ted suggested that before they dressed for dinner they have a drink to get the evening on its way. He prepared a pitcher of martinis and after he poured he kissed Joan gently on the neck and whispered that the drinks would relax and stimulate her. He told her that was all the disclosure she was going to get.

Several martinis and a potent joint later, shortly after seven o'clock, Ted suggested that they dress for dinner as the limo to take them downtown was due shortly after eight. With their approaching date, and the stimulants, Joan was starting to feel more than a bit turned on and asked Ted if he felt like a little pre dinner play. Aware that the drinks and dope she had finished had enough long lasting stimulants in them to rid Joan of her usual inhibitions Ted was in no hurry, and suggested that just dressing her for the evening would be more than enough for him this early. He led a disappointed and frustrated Joan to their bedroom, told her to shower and meet him in thirty minutes to dress.

3.

Ted was dressed in black tie when she emerged. He had carefully planned almost all of the evening to come and Joan's attire was no exception. Some things she had seen before but he had added some others for this special occasion. Sitting a bath robed and perfumed Joan in the upholstered arm chair she favoured for reading in their bedroom, Ted laid out the things he had selected for her to wear. Suspecting that she would hesitate if he hadn't included a bra and panties, he had obliged. A shining black leather platform bra, custom made for Joan's ample breasts, was the first item. 



Ted noticed that Joan showed little surprise at this inclusion as she had worn the bra before, much to Ted's enjoyment. The second and third pieces were new to Joan. The black leather combination waist cincher and garter belt might have unnecessary given Joan's flat stomach, but she could easily see how, framing the matching leather g-string panty and Joan's smoothly shaved pussy, the overall effect would be very erotic.















Ted also produced seamed silk stockings in a dark smoke shade which he explained had been special ordered to fit Joan's thirty-six inch legs. The stockings he explained would look incredible when slipped into the six inch heeled black ankle-strapped pumps he now produced and laid beside the other garments. Joan remarked, only half joking,&nbsp; that she wouldn't be walking far in those. Ted responded that they weren't really made for travel pointing out the small gold rings and locks set into the side of the shoes ankle straps.



Ted moved behind Joan and, gently stroking her long auburn hair , slid a smooth black leather collar around her neck and fastened it at the back bringing two small gold loops together and sliding a tiny padlock through the loops and fastening it with a click that drew a puzzled look from Joan. 



Ted explained that it was a symbolic thing that designated her as his property. Joan started to protest but was stopped when Ted ran his hands around the collar gently tugging the larger gold ring in the front and down the front of her robe gently squeezing her breasts. The stimulants had done their work and Joan's arousal level leapt at the touch.

Moving back to the bed Ted laid out elbow length leather opera gloves each with a built in wrist strap which when fastened prevented the gloves from being removed. Each wrist strap bore another of the small gold rings.


Joan, in her mid-forties was a beautiful woman. Nature had been kind to her 
body making it fuller and smoother as she aged. She was tall with extraordinary long legs and breasts that occasionally prompted her friends to mistakenly suspect implants. Her rear was larger and her hips broader than most women would wish for but on her 5' 11" body the effect was perfectly balanced to her legs and breasts and broad shoulders. Ted was always mesmerized when she appeared before him with passion in her eyes. He was prepared to make this night unforgettable.

A quiet knock on the bedroom door startled Joan as there was not supposed to be anyone else in the house. Ted laid a soothing hand on her shoulder and moved to place a sheet over the clothes on the bed. Opening the door, he allowed Joan's younger cousin Suzanne into the room. Joan understood immediately. Suzanne was a makeup artist and a genius with imagery through cosmetics. Ted had hired her before to prepare Joan before special occasions and Joan fully relied on her talents. This time her work went quickly and without comment. Joan's hair went back in a tight pony tail exposing her impressive "widow's peak". And highlighting her face. Her makeup was darker and heavier than usual almost causing Joan to protest. Suzanne was done, gently running her hand over the leather collar and left without a word in ten minutes.

Ted uncovered the clothes Joan was to wear. Bringing her to her feet he lifted the robe from her shoulders and left her standing in front of him. He suggested she start with the stockings and Joan deftly slid them up her long legs leaving them dangling. Next she was told to slide the g-string in to place. Ted walked to her and adjusted the leather so that it rode high against her pussy and deeply through her rear, pointing out the snap below her pussy where the leather piece joined the string.

Helping her with the cincher garter belt Ted tightened the garment from behind so that Joan had to draw in a breath to let it close. She bend to snap the garters to the stockings and Ted took the opportunity to run a finger through her rear, making her moan but not stopping her chore. The platform bra Ted let Joan adjust until she was comfortable than complimented her on the fit and tweaked her extended nipples.

Leaving her standing aroused but not at all embarrassed, Ted helped her into her shoes and snapped the locks on the sides. He offered the gloves and slid them up her extended arms securing the buckles on each. Joan offered that she felt captured and Ted assured her that she was but that captivity was greatly under valued.

In answer to her unspoken question as to how she could go out in such a manner Ted brought out the last piece of her clothing, a short and styled leather cocktail dress which he helped her slide into. 



Joan looked almost respectable as Ted admired his work and kissed her firmly on the lips. He mentioned one more drink and the limo would be here.


4.

Ted brought the last of the martinis out to the limo and helped Joan, a little wobbly on her shoes, into the back seat. She relaxed back into the warm leather and turned to speak to Ted who had slid in beside her. He motioned her to quiet with his finger to his lips and reached to raise the privacy window telling Joan that the driver knew the restaurant but didn't need the extra tip the view would entail. He offered her the last drink and placed his hand behind her back as she sipped. Asking her to please keep straight posture he explained that "owned" women should not relax as she was doing. Enjoying their game, she quickly sat to attention and then truly appreciated his compliment on her doing so.

Lowering the zipper on the front of her dress, Ted asked if she minded if he coloured her nipples with some dark red rouge. She politely told him that he may but if she orgasmed while he was at it that it was not her fault. Exposing her breasts, beautifully displayed on the leather platform bra, he proceeded to paint her nipples with a brush covered in the deep red colour. Her eyes rolled backwards with the touch and only his slight slap to her breast slowed her climax.

Drawing the zipper back up he gently slid his hand up her thigh above the stocking top and pulled back the front of her g-string. Slipping one finger into a vile in his lap and then down her g-string and into her pussy he replaced her clothing and waited to arrive at the restaurant. Joan moaned as her pussy heated and her mind concentrated only on sex. She imagined her husband stroking her clitoris and tried but could not find climax. Frustrated, she reached to touch Ted, only to have him place her hands back in her lap with instructions not to touch herself fully aware that the lotion he had applied would make that command nearly impossible. 

5.

Ted helped Joan out of the limo and into the restaurant. The host showed them to the booth that Ted had requested. It was private, but had a clear view of the adjoining bar next door. Ted seated Joan and ordered a scotch for himself and a white wine for Joan, explaining that she had quite a bit at home. Ted politely asked Joan what she wished for dinner but Joan found she was not a bit hungry, she was aroused beyond anything she had felt before. Ted sat beside her and ordered a steak and a fine red wine. He enjoyed his dinner as his wife squirmed beside him. 

Having finished, he told her it was her turn do him a favour and asked her to look into bar beside them. A tall black man, well dressed in expensive clothes was at the bar talking to an equally tall and curvaceous black woman dressed in heels, tight black designer jeans and a tight black sweater. Neither were really good looking but both exuded strength and sexuality. Ted asked Joan if she would go slowly across the room to the bar, attracting attention if she could, and tell them that she found them exotic and ask them to join her husband and her in our booth.

Every eye in the room followed Joan as she assumed the "model" walk learned years ago and moved, one foot in front of the other, through the restaurant, the controlled gait caused her hips and rear to sway side to side. As taught, Joan carried her head high and eyes straight forward. 
She approached the black couple and stood speaking with them for several minutes. The black man looked over her shoulder and raised his glass to Ted. Alone, she again crossed the room and seated herself beside Ted. Shyly she explained that they had said thank you but they would not join them. She was however, to tell him that she was welcome to leave with the couple in a few minutes, but that she had also declined. Sensing that she had been stimulated by being on obvious display, Ted moved his hand to her lap and gently pulled the front of her dress up to her waist. He let his hand drift over her bare thighs and across the leather patch covering her pussy, Reaching down to undo the snaps holding it in place he deftly pulled the g-string away from her body and placed it on the table in front of them. Softly tugging at her moist lips he told her that the couple were old friends and that it had been a test of her obedience. She asked him how well she had done, receiving in return a gentle circling of her clit with his fingers. Ted withdraw his hand just as her arousal started to peak and Joan knew that she could look forward to more tests before the night was done.

6.

Asking her to hold her right arm out to him Ted slid a small brass lock through the ring attached to the glove at her wrist and move the arm behind her. Reaching behind her he gently moved her left arm beside the right and joined them by closing the lock through both rings. Standing, he helped Joan to her feet and led his obviously bound wife through the restaurant to the elevator. As the door slid closed Ted raised his fingers to Joan's mouth and pressed her teeth apart providing room for him to squeeze a black rubber ball deep inside and secure it in place behind her neck with the leather lace which ran through the ball. Ted had never used a gag on her before and Joan suddenly felt very helpless and very much into new sexual territory. The elevator doors opened but instead of exiting, Ted pulled Joan to the back
of the car and the black couple stepped in and stood with their backs to Ted and Joan.

The doors closed and the car rose two more floors. Again the doors opened and the couple stepped out without glancing back. As the doors started to close Ted gripped Joan by the upper arm and moved her through the door leaving her alone in the hallway with the black couple. Ted's last words as the door closed stunned Joan. Ted had called out that she might even meet Allan if she was lucky. 

Allan had been her secret for the last few months. It wasn't really an affair but she had been attracted to him at work and it had led to the occasional bout of recreational sex. Surely, Ted couldn't have found out, she had been too careful.

Moving to her sides to control her the black couple led Joan to a door at the end of the hall saying that Ted would join them later. The black woman lifted Joan's short skirt several inches and said that only naughty girls dressed like this and that she liked naughty girls. Inside, the room was dark but Joan could see and hear enough to know that the shape in the middle of the room was moving and making muffled noises. As the light came up she was shocked to see a man naked and tied to a chair with a tight leather hood over his head. His eyes were covered with leather patches which were closed with zippers. His nose and mouth were exposed but the end of an inflatable gag hung from his mouth. Joan could see from the way his cheeks bulged that whoever had inflated the gag had pumped it up as tight as it would go. 




A leather cock ring had been strapped tightly around his cock and balls which were now quite swollen and painful looking. As Joan stared in disbelief she suddenly realized it was Allan, her part time lover. 

Pressing her into a matching chair facing Allan her gag was removed and she was instructed to sit quietly as the black couple introduced themselves as Vic and Alba. Vic stood behind Joan holding her wrists while Alba explained that Ted had asked them to collect Allan and prepare him for this evening. They had brought him here several hours ago and Alba had spent the last two hours making him cum as many times as she could aided by several Viagra pills she had forced him to swallow. The last time was about thirty minutes ago after which she had retied his cock and balls just as she had the first four times she made him cum. She smiled as she described how painful cumming had become for the poor guy but that she had a job to do and loved her work. She demonstrated by gently stroking Allan's bound cock which caused an muffled agonized groan through his gag.




 

Alba asked Joan if she would like to help with the next milking but Joan only begged to be let go and&nbsp; to have Allan released. Alba quietly explained that Ted had a full evening planned and that it would be rude to not participate. Squeezing Allan's balls in her left hand Alba slowly unbuckled the links holding Allan's cock as he rolled his head and moaned. Once Allan's cock was free and only his balls remained bound Alba slowly deflated the gag in his mouth&nbsp; and removed it allowing him to mumble for mercy. If any was coming it wasn't from Alba as she began to alternate between crushing Allan's scrotum and stroking his cock back to hardness. Faster and faster she pulled as the Viagra again&nbsp; brought him to arousal. As he came her left hand clamped down on his balls destroying any pleasure he might derive and pointed his shooting cum on to the deflated gag. When he was done and quietly begging to be let go, Alba shoved the cum covered gag back into his mouth and mercilessly pumped it back to full pressure. After replacing the cock rings and cranking the buckles as tight as she could, Alba explained to Joan that poor Allan was going to consume every bit of the cum he shot and that there would be plenty more to come. 

Vic raised Joan to her feet and held her arms as Alba unzipped her leather dress, threw it aside and tore the platform bra away from the front telling Joan full access to her tits was required. When Joan began to mumble about being sorry and begging them to let her go Alba placed a leather hood with an attached gag over her head and whispered that her night had just begun.


.

Continued later in Part 2 


























Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Northern Wolf(no email) 


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





