BDSM Library - Captured Threesome




Captured Threesome
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: 






I am completing the end of my schooling life in about three months, there has always been this girl or shall i say group of girls that has cought my attention. These girls name Christina, jenny and Courtney were the most good looking girls and always cheery. Cheery was good, my intentions I hope will cramp that style and make then cheer when I tell them to cheer. I have a house on boulevard Ave in Miami overlooking a great scene of the beach. My house is large and great little cellar with two levels where all my families junk is held from over the years of living in the house. 
(3 months later)
I have completed all my exams and now that high school is done I have no routine to hold and can DO WHAT I WANT. The next day I had caught up with my mate jack who had mentioned that I should have one of my famous parties. I may have been a bit of nerd but I did know how to throw a party. I invited the whole graduating grade over and especially invited the 3 ladies that I most adored. Coming on 6 o&#8217;clock guest started arriving and the house started filling up. I had something special reserved for Christina. Christina has nice little petit but fairly plum breast with nice ample nipples that show through most of her uniform always teasing to be played with. She had a nice round ass that would easily fit a size 8 pair of jeans. Christina was my first target. I had already set up her living quarter where she will be spending the remainder of her late teens to 20&#8217;s after that I will most probably have no use for her of sexual need. I was looking for her through the crowd of people that I had invited and there she was with Courtney and jenny. Wearing a nice tight top she displayed her tits very promptly when I started to chat her up a bit about how live was after school. She told me how she was started her own hair salon and how she was becoming very successful with her business. I knew exactly that I had to do something to make that stop. After leaving her to talk to my mate Jackson I asked if he was doing alright and if he NEEDED anything. 
The party was soon coming to an end and people were starting to leave and Christina was very intoxicated she asked if she could stay the night. I told I haven&#8217;t got a bed and that she has to sleep downstairs in the basement on the fold out couch. In her current state I did no matter what she slept on. I took her downstairs and made her acquainted with bed and there she slept till the afternoon. I was awake for a lot longer than her getting her cell ready for her to move in. Jackson wandering where I was, was still up stairs making us three breakfast. Getting her cell ready I added a mattress and two dog bowls for her to eat from. Water will be drunk through a dildo that has a hole on the penis head and the shaft made hollow with a pipe going to the outside of the cell. The only way to consume water will be for her to strenuously suck on the plastic cock. Nevertheless is headed up stairs and woke her up to tell her that breakfast is served. I left so she could get herself in order. Coming back down I noticed she had left to go to the toilet thus I left her water spiked with drugs on the side table. I left to go upstairs. While I was gone Christina had seen that I had left her a glass of water on the side table which she of course drank with keenness. The drug acted quickly and with a matter of minutes about 4 to be exact she was stumbling up the stairs and sundenly there was a thump that only I could here. I ran to see if my merchandise was not injured. I dragged her down to the second level of the cellar where her living quarters were. To make it even more realistic I her arms behind her back with her wrists reach her neck. This is forcing her to not be able to use her hands and make it even more fun.&nbsp; 
While I was getting her cell ready I had smartly installed a small CCTV camera I the top right-hand corner of the cell. By the way the cell is only about 5ft high keeping her from standing up and introducing her to a new life style as a pet.
Five hours had passed and I was becoming eager about the what was going on down in my captives new estate weather she was lively and accepting her new home or writhing and thrashing about and waiting for me to show her, her new place in live. Switching on my TV screen and the little light above her head I saw how she was still a little wobbly and trying to come to terms with what happened. Knowing she was thirsty I told her that she would have to suck on the penis to attain to the water. Rashly nodding her head in disagreement she moved over to the dildo and hesitatingly put her mouth around the plastic cock. She started suckling on the rubber dick with joy that It was not unreal and that water actually came out. Before I put her in there I left a note next to the cock that if need be and if ordered that she use it a sexual relieve. Reaching five o&#8217;clock I realized that she would be getting hungry so I prepared her a nice meal made from rolled oats and honey so she could keep up her energy. This I figured will be done once a day so she would not gain weight but also not lose any. Opening the small cell door she started to let out a high pitched scream expecting to be heard by the outside world. As she started to calm down I told her that no would here her and that screaming was useless. Next to the door I filled the dog bowls with food and then left. Before she would be left to eat in peace I noticed that my dick was aching to get wrapped round by that pretty little pussy of hers that was not yet quite in the mood to be fucked. But nonetheless I crept in and quickly jumped on her back. Noticing that I forgot to bind her ankles to her upper thighs I grabed some rope and did that with quite some ease.&nbsp; Grabbing her from behind I placed her in front of my growing dick. Squirming loudly I thrust my dick into her pussy I started to rashly fuck her from behind. Of course she Is not yet used to the idea of her being trapped in my cellar explaining why her cunt in not yet ripe for fucking but I still had to show her who was incontrol and who fucks who in this relationship. Fuckiong her hard I grabed her hair thrusted even harder nearly cumming I stopped and put her mouth on my dick and squirted all my jizz into her mouth which I demanded be swallowed.
It was now 8 o&#8217;clock and I was tired I left Christina to her meal and left her shuting the steal bars behind me. 



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  SEXUSCOMMODUS(no email) 


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





