BDSM Library - Sorority Sex Olympics - Ultimate Strip Fighting




Sorority Sex Olympics - Ultimate Strip Fighting
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: 






Sorority Sex Olympics &#8211; Ultimate Strip-Fighting
by R.E. Lavaque

Ultimate Strip-Fighting is a sport invented by the collaboration of a pimp and a web master. The history of Ultimate Strip-Fighting is a story unto itself. While its origin and general practice is anything but wholesome, USF is very popular among college girls who want to make some extra money. The sport is simple and adaptable: Two girls find a group of guys to put up a kitty (usually money). The girls fight until one is stripped naked. The winner gets the money, the loser does all the guys. Sorority girls have been known to make thousands of dollars a year doing strip fights, usually just giving blow jobs when they lose. 

The Sex Olympics has its own version of Ultimate Strip-Fighting. The game is played as a tournament, the winner goes on to the next round while the loser becomes the live-in slave, until the Olympics ends, of a hosting fraternity. The tournament starts with 16 willing and not so willing contestants and three lucky frat house hosts. Four first round matches are played at each of two fraternities, then. four days later, the winners are paired again in a third frat yielding four USF finalists. The final four fight in a single no-holds-barred cage-fight, winner take all. The three losers are spared slavery but are gang-banged until the sun rises the next morning.

Most of the frat houses were kind to their slaves, just some playful go-go dancing and pole dancing, and of course some on-call fucking and sucking. But one fraternity, Sigma Pi, was known for treating their slaves as... slaves. They were kept chained 24 hours a day. They were forced to look down at all times. They must keep their lips and legs open, accessible for a casual finger, cock, or fist. They must not make a single sound. They are punished for even the slightest infraction, not knowing the rules. Punishments ranged from public spankings and canings, given by frat brothers during morning and evening lectures, to private torture sessions auctioned online to campus perverts for hundreds of dollars.

This year Sigma Pi was selected to host the first round of USF matches. In preparation for the event, the huge back yard of the frat house was decorated to look like a roman brothel. Columns where bolted into the ground and statues of nude men and women where placed around the grounds. Beer, wine and lube would flow from the private parts of the statues. Excessive lube was the key to prolonging the pleasures of the night while causing the least amount damage to the skin, both internal and external. One sign popular during these Olympics games was &#8220;Slippery when wet. Lubed when dry.&#8221;

The frat president, called Emperor Sigma Pi for the night, would sit on a throne directly behind the main stage, presiding over the festivities surrounded by a bevy of unclad slave girls. An open wrestling ring was set up for the fights, while the rest of the space was available for the crowds. Sigma Pi had added their own twist to the strip fight. Surrounding the ring were four trained guards holding bull whips. They were not there just to reinforce the seriousness of the game, but to prevent the competitors from prematurely leaving the ring, either intentionally or accidentally. If either of the two combatants were to leave the ring for any reason, these guards would whip them until they reentered the fight. If the Emperor deemed that one of the girls intentionally tried to run away he could order her to be strung up, wrists and ankles spread and whipped on the back or even the front. During this night's proceedings he invoked this punishment only once. The offending sorority girl begged for forgiveness, even dropping to her knees attempting to push aside the slave already sucking his dick to replace the mouth with her own, but he was undeterred. He ordered the girl to be strung between two columns and whipped, ten strokes on the back between the knees and the neck, and ten more on the front aimed directly on either her tits or between her spread legs. The girl was first gagged to ensure that the man who wielded the whip did not let her pain effect his effort. She passed out twice during her beating, both times after a direct hit by the tip of the whip on her clit. After a short rest she was forced to continue the strip fight. Needless to say, she lost.

Given the theme of the evening, escorted females were allowed in only if dressed in a toga with one breast exposed. Unescorted females must come as slaves in bondage. The more severe the bondage, the better the view. One girl arrived with a dildo in each of her lower holes strapped in with a chain between her legs and around her 18&#8221; leather corseted waist. The chain was sealed with a lock to ensure it would stay in place for the whole night. The nipples of her A sized tits were pierced and stretched by a heavy metal bra that was shaped to follow the ideal form of a female breast. Her arms were forced behind her back with her wrists chained to a thick metal ring surrounding her neck. As part of the entertainment before the fights, she stood in the middle of the stage and begged for someone to come up and cut off all her hair and shave her head bald. Of course she got her wish. Needless to say she got a front row seat at the feet of the Emperor himself. It turned out she was a high school junior that was put up to it as the initiation rite to become the next year's queen of a secret high school sorority. 

It was a hot night for springtime and the frat backyard was packed. Working their way through the crowds were the girls of Sigma Pi's sister sorority, Kappa Alpha. They were topless carrying trays containing harder drinks, condoms, and ecstasy. The Kappa Alpha girls sweaty boobs and butts were fondled all night by both the male and female guests. The head Kappa Alpha was spared servant duty to be Empress. Unfortunately for her, however, during the pregame show she was banished to the punishment pit for commenting negatively on the size of the Emperor's dick. Her punishment was to &#8220;ride the Trojan horse&#8221; for an hour. The Trojan horse was what the frat guys called the Sybian they bought to allow their dates the pleasure of an orgasm without having to put out the effort themselves. The vibrator was controlled automatically to randomly vibrate and rotate while inside its rider. After the hour was over, the Kappa Empress was chained to her throne, legs spread for all to see. Nobody was allowed to enter her unless is was to immediately deposit their cum.

After all the preliminary entertainment, the tournament began. The first match pitted an uptight sorority bitch named Kelli against Carla, the odds on favorite to win the whole thing. Kelly had a nice body with big DD tits but a bad attitude. She was liked a bit by some of the in crowd, mainly because her daddy was rich and would invite the girls to his vacation home, a 10,000 square foot mansion on a 500 acre vineyard, on weekends. Kelli was one of those girls who teased guys not to be coy, but to hurt them. She was a cruel bitch. She wasn't a virgin but the only guys she would fuck were those that could advance her either socially or politically. She was the kind of girl who would perform at charities to raise money for a good cause on one day, and then belittle those same people then next day. Kelli had a nice car, nice clothes, a nice computer, a nice life, all paid by her daddy.

Carla on the other hand worked her way through school. She was tall and muscular but lean with C cup breasts and a pretty face.&nbsp; She was very strong and very dominant. Carla had a short unbeaten career in USF. That unbeaten streak was her demise, however, because after a while nobody wanted fight against her. Carla was not fond of sex, at least not fond of giving it. She did like, however, to watch it. There was a rumor that she was a virgin or even a lesbian, a lipstick lesbian. The truth was that Carla had issues. During her first strip-fight, just before she removed that final piece of torn clothing clinging between her opponents legs, Carla looked into her victim's eyes and saw a moment, a moment of resignation on her face. At that very point in time, the point when the loser knew that all was lost, that she was about to become a cum whore for a bunch of horny guys, Carla saw that look and came with the first orgasm of her life. Carla had never masturbated before that day, but after she tried to get that orgasm back, tried to frig herself off, to no avail. She even raped her little brother's best friend to see if a zipless fuck could get her off but no. When she needed more money she fought again and as her next victim fell to a certain defeat, Carla orgasmed a second time. Each fight brought her a new orgasm and more money. It was only after&nbsp; she could no longer fight, when she realized that her only pleasure came during that fleeting moment of true victory, that she sunk into deep despair. The Olympics were more to her than just a chance for glory, it was her only source of real pleasure.

The guys at Sigma Pi, of course, matched bitch Kelli against Carla knowing the outcome in advance. Carla didn't know it was a setup but sure enough, she won a quick victory when bitch Kelli on her back, her shoulders pinned to the ground with Carla's pussy directly over her face, knew she was defeated and resigned her fate. Carla looked between her breasts through her legs at the expression on Kelli's face as she tore off her final covering, exposing a newly shaved cunt. Carla came for the first time in a year, sitting her spasming pussy onto Kelli's face, her juices dripping over the bitch's lips.

The match was over, Carla was happy, but the slave life of Kelli was just to begin. At first Kelli was handled as Sigma Pi handled all their new slaves. Her arms were tie wrapped as she was bent at the waist to a stock railing specially installed for the initiation and punishment of slave girls. An wire O-ring was wedged behind her teeth and fastened with a strap around her head. Her pendulous breasts hung down begging to be slapped and punched and otherwise tortured. She was completely available: mouth, ass and cunt. One of the frat guys started to fuck her as the second match began. The girls fighting in the second match showed a bit more motivation, seeing their future if they lost.

During a one minute break in the second match, the Sigma Pi head perv took out a cowbell and hit it with a drumstick. &#8220;Clang Clang Clang... This slut whore (referring to Kelli) used to call me a cow in High School. Now it is my turn and I will turn Kelli here into a cow. Right Kelli? or should I call you by your new name: Elsie.&#8221; Kelli shook violently trying to get away. She cried in abject fear knowing that this guy would do it, that he was a real perv. As Kelli, soon to be Elsie, started to scream the perv kicked her tits and then placed a ball gag over the ring in her mouth. While all this was happening, her asshole was still being ridden by the perv's frat brothers. 

The perv then opened a medical bag and pulled out a syringe, injecting its contents into her larnyx. She was calmer and quiet now so he removed the gag making her mouth available again for his frat brother to use as they wished. To prove the effectiveness of the injection, the perv crushed her left breast with a pair of pliers and, while she looked like she is screaming, alas there is no sound, just the mindless thrashing of an animal in pain. &#8220;I have paralyzed your vocal cords.&#8221; He told her with an evil look in his eye. He then wrapped and locked her hands in tight leather mitts that removed her ability to hold anything. He bent down to inject her with something else telling her &#8220;You have lost your ability to use language, either spoken or written. You will not stand upright, only walking on hand and knees. Your breasts will grow large, like utters, requiring milking twice a day. All that is expected of you is to be a fuck hole, three fuck holes actually.&#8221; He then put a specially modified hearing aid into her ears. This hearing aid would scramble the sounds going into her ear making it impossible for her to understand anything, but still able to distinguish sounds like music or screams. Kelli would now live the life of a real cow, except she would be a sex cow. After her initiation that night he would pierce her septum and install a ring, and put a metal collar around her neck locking it to a short chain that ran to a pair of shackles around her ankles and another chain connected to her wrists. This would prevent her from standing. He put a spiked leather belt around her waist that would painfully assault her breasts and her arms if she attempted even to right herself. She would spend her days in the frat house basement now filled with hay for her to lay down and sleep. The three slaves rendered from the USF contests that night took turns looking after her in between being used and abused themselves. At least ten times a day the frat boys would threaten to turn one of these other slaves into a cow or a dog or some other subhuman animal. 

Elsie's abuse quickly became legend in the Greek system. During the day she was allowed to sleep for the most part, except for an occasional fuck or suck. The ring in her mouth was removed when she wasn't being plowed from the front, but otherwise she remained outfitted the same as always. As the sun set her real day would begin. First came the evening feeding. The ring, again installed behind her teeth, prevented her from rejecting any fluids that made it past the back of her throat. It was fun to watch as guys would start a stream of piss and then push their huge hard dicks down her throat directly filling her stomach while draining their bladders. Her diet of cum and piss was augmented by some force-fed Ensure. Next she was installed into the same sort of wooden cage used to house young calves while her tits were milked by suction cups specially modified with dull spikes. As a milking machine ran they would watch her shake her udders trying to remove the cups as they pressed the spikes deep into her young tender flesh. After the feeding and milking she was free to &#8220;roam the range&#8221;, which meant that anyone could do anything they wanted to her either sexually or otherwise. Some common torments she suffered were pins into her tits and through her nipples labia and clit, branding of small dots onto her skin, being forced to lick ass, and of course being whipped over pretty much all of her body. The boys would have contests to find the her most sensitive parts, those parts that would cause her to jump the most when hit by the sting of a thin crop. One guy wanted to mate Elsie with his doberman pincer but the frat's president said that was going too far- he had more respect for a dog than that. Meanwhile, the head perv jerked off five times a day relishing the revenge he carved into his high school tormentor's body and her psyche. Strangely though, during her entire stay at Sigma Pi, he never once fucked her either in the mouth, the pussy, or the ass.

On the day of the final USF cage fight, the head perv herded an always crawling Elsie to the venue. He guided her, blindfolded, with a crop in one hand and an electric cattle prod in the other. Her nipples rubbed on the ground trailing a line of fluid. Her tits were full of the milk forced to accumulate over the previous two days. &#8220;Moo&#8221; you cow, he repeated every few minutes adding to her humiliation. A shock directly on her clit elicited the desired moo in reply. When they finally arrived, after a four hour suck tour of frat row, he parked his heffer in the front, next to the stage. Then, in an impromptu auction, he offered Elsie to the highest bidder. The winner claimed his prize by pulling down his pants and planted his cock deep in her ass, slowly massaging his shaft in and out. The cage match was about to begin.

The final four sorority girls, the winners so far, were a very mixed bag. We know about Carla already. The second mostly likely winner was Faye, also very strong with some previous strip-fight experience. Unlike Carla, Faye was not unbeaten before the Olympics, but her record was a very respectable 24 wins two losses. Faye was smaller than Carla but still lean, skinny actually, athletic and tight. But Faye's biggest asset was her skin. It was clean and clear and blemish free. Her second biggest assets were her perfectly shaped, all natural, D cup breasts with youthful, puffy areolae. Any plastic surgeon will kill to be able to install such breasts into a patient. She was known on campus for being stubborn, unwilling to yield anything to anyone. She could seduce any man with just a little bite of her lower lip. She was one of those girls who only gave blowjobs when she lost, but all of the male and most of the female population of the University would be more than happy to receive just a blowjob from Faye. She wasn't a bitch really, but more of a hard-ass. Faye grew up in a very permissive household. Even as a little girl her parents forced her to choose her own paths in life: clothes, food, candy, schools, music, where to go, when to go, and as a teenager even drugs &#8211; all her own choices. It was a bit much for a a little girl and was still a source of confusion now that she was pretty much on her own in college. Perhaps you can say she didn't have a strong foundation, so instead she put up a strong facade. Faye and Carla were not rivals, but there was certainly some underlying tensions between them even before they knew they were to face each other.

The third and fourth finalists, Britney and Dana, were not known for their athletic abilities, but were fast and smart. Both girls were very skinny with small boobs and almost no body fat. They won their bouts by quickly pinning their opponents and then ripping their clothes off before any retaliatory strike could be mounted. That technique might work against a weak opponent, but against Carla and Faye they would have to team up to win. Carla figured out that B&amp;D were bound to fight as one so she approached Faye before the match and convinced her join together to first defeat the pair, and then it would be womano e womano. Faye said she would go along, but Carla was suspicious. This was Survivor with a twist and Carla knew she was the one who was going to get stripped off first.

Each contestant wore the same clothing: a t-shirt, a bra, shorts and panties. The t-shirts had their collars, sleeves and bottoms cut off to allow them to be easily ripped off. During a pregame uniform check the referee found that Britney had illegally reinforced her bra causing her to forfeit it as punishment. 

The cage match started with a loud &#8220;Let's get busy and show some pussy&#8221; from the audience. B&amp;D came out together to take on Faye. That was a twist. I guess they figured that Carla would help them get rid of Faye and then it would two against one. Carla had other other plans. She jumped on Britney and held her down, twisting her arms behind her back until Britney cried for mercy. Carla was playing with Britney, kissing her neck giving her a hickey while she dug her knee into the girl's cunt. After a few minute she removed her knee and grabbed onto her&nbsp; victim's shorts, removing them down her legs and the off completely by using her feet. Britney was now face down on the floor with her butt in the air trying to fend off Carla's hand that was feeling around her asshole. Carla rimmed Britney's asshole with her finger teasing the now scared shitless soon-to-be loser. Finally Carla used the anal variant of her signature move, she pushed one finger, then two then three and finally her whole first into Britney's ass eliciting a scream from the girl. With her one hand still deep inside Britney, Carla then let her up and in one quick motion removed Britney's top exposing her perky tits. The crowd cheered knowing what was to come next. Carla spun Britney around, causing her fist to spin in the sobbing girl's ass, and then lifted her and dropped her onto her back. She removed her hand from inside Britney's ass and sat on her face. &#8220;Lick me, loser.&#8221; she taunted the girl. Britney complied. This was probably better treatment than she would get if she just forfeited. Carla sat like that watching Faye and Dana battle it out.

Dana's opening move was very quick. Before Faye noticed anything Dana had torn Faye's top, not removing it completely but removing it enough to expose more of her perfect skin than 99% of the people present had ever seen before. Faye moved back to get away from her attacker and tripped, so Dana made a second pass and pulled off the rest of Faye's top and her bra. She held Faye's tattered clothes in the air as a trophy and made a quick victory spin as Faye got up from her feet.&nbsp; 

The crowd went wild. Those tits were so nice, and the way they shook as Faye tried to get Dana back was enough to cause Elsie's ass master to cum into his cow. &#8220;Fucking ass&#8221; he shouted at the bitch, &#8220;you're going to pay for making me cum too fast.&#8221; Of course it wasn't her fault, but that didn't stop him from whipping her swollen udders with the crop shouting &#8220;I'm going to turn your USDA Prime tits into ground beef.&#8221; Elsie screamed and screamed raising her head as far as she could. Still nobody could hear her torment but it was easy to see it. After the match the head prev auctioned the use of Elsie's holes again, this time to a fellow, but more creative, pervert. He pushed a spiked, twisted, vibrating, rotating dildo in the cow's ass as he fuck her pussy. He could feel it slamming against the membrane that separates the two organs and that really got him off. He wanted her to move a bit, she had become so lazy that no amount of fucking would get her going anymore, so he pressed the cattle prod into the back of her neck and shocked her, causing an involuntary reaction that made her look like she had mad cow disease.

As the match continued, Faye's anger erupted causing her to suddenly lash out against Dana with such fury the Dana ran around the ring trying to escape. As she passed Carla and Britney, Dana tripped and slid half way across the floor on her chest. Faye took the opportunity to control Dana, who had lost her breath when she hit the floor. Faye started by tearing at Dana's top and bra, removing them and then shredding them into pieces. Next she stepped on the small of Dana's back, grabbed her two wrists, and lifted straight up. Dana's head and torso bent backwards. Dana tried to wiggle her way out of the hold but she wasn't strong enough to counter the pain that Faye was inflicting on her arms and shoulders. Faye yelled over to Carla to let go of the all but beaten Britney and get a lick from her cohort Dana. Carla obliged, releasing Britney, and walked and grabbed Dana's hair. Carla pulled down her own shorts, which was allowed by the rules, allowing Faye to push the tortured Dana's face of into Carla's hairless slit. &#8220;Lick it&#8221; the two girls chanted. Dana complied. Carla didn't achieve an orgasm, she wanted to save that for Faye. She had a plan that involved Faye, more accurately Fayes's tongue, and her own clit.

It took Britney a few minutes to regain her composure and mount a counterattack. She started by running straight into Faye from behind, trying to create a domino effect that would free her friend Dana. The move almost worked except Carla took one step to the side, causing the other three girls to fall into a pile below her. She stepped back quickly to avoid having her legs kicked out from under her. Carla was still the only one with all of the clothes on, she had pulled up her shorts and panties by now.

As the three girls stood up, Faye grabbed Britney's panties and pulled them down her legs and off. Britney was naked now. She was the first loser. The referee called timeout to lead Britney from the stage, her hands cuffed behind her back like a criminals. The three remaining girls were given a short water break. Carla was completely clothed, Faye and Dana were both topless. 

As the match started the strategy now was unclear. It seemed logical to Carla that the two weaker girls would go after her, so she quickly made a move and tackled Dana, pinning her back to the ground. Carla then, just as quickly put her arm under Dana's shorts and panties and out her right leg. This position left Carla in complete control of Dana and exposed only her bottom to a possible attack by Faye. If Faye would attack, Carla would just spin using Dana's chest as a pivot, to avoid Faye. Faye decided to let Carla take on the sobbing Dana herself. Carla looked into Dana's eyes and felt her cunt start to juice. Carla didn't want and orgasm now so she just quickly stood up pantsing the second loser of the night. Another break was called and Dana was lead from the stage watching Britney being fucked in her ass by two cocks, cum dripping from her swollen lower lip.

So that left Carla and Faye in the final battle. Carla had the advantage of being fully clothed while Faye was topless. The two approached each other as though a large barrel was between them. They circled and circled until Carla fake jumped to the left, causing Faye to jump left. Carla then jumped to the right, holding out her thumbs aimed at the top of Faye's shorts, as she leapt onto Faye's tits. Faye was a bit shocked and hesitated just long enough for Carla to successfully pull down Faye's shorts. Faye used Carla's closeness to tear open her top, but it was too little too late as Faye's shorts feel to the floor along with their owner. Faye was now on her back wearing only her thong with a topless Carla sitting on those D's holding Faye down with her weight. Carla quickly grabbed Faye's leg, locking on the back of her knee, and pinned Faye's torso to the ground with her own knee. She then grabbed at Faye's thong and looked into her eyes. Faye was fighting back, she was not about to give up. Carla was obviously going to win at any moment but Faye didn't relent. Carla had a firm grip on Faye's thong but still no surrender. Then Carla took two finger and shoved them into Faye's cunt. No reaction. She took her whole fist still holding that thong and crammed it up Faye's cunt. Faye wouldn't give up. Carla finally, frustrated in more than one way, gave up and just ripped the thong from Faye and held it in the air. Victory has hers but it was a hollow victory because Faye had robbed Carla of her real prize, an orgasm.

Carla was furious and stood up shouting down at the loser. Faye just smiled and replied, &#8220;So fucking what... I don't mind fucking a few guy, what are you going to do about it. Ha Ha Ha ...&#8221;

Carla started to kick Faye in the tits and a defenseless Faye curled up in ball to protect herself. The president of the Olympics and a couple security guards ran onto the stage to hold Carla back to cool down a bit. The crowed was confused as Carla just huffed off stage without claiming her championship trophy. Off stage Carla talked to a couple of the Sigma Pi guys trying to convince them to go along with a plan she seemed to be developing on the spot. After a few minutes of talking and arguing Carla came back into the ring smiling, ready to claim her trophy and apologize to Faye. Faye accepted Carla's apology with a smirk on her face, and Carla accepted her trophy, gave a short speech and then left the stage holding her prize high over her head. Faye, meanwhile was lead off stage to her gang-bang fate.

Carla spent the next hour celebrating her victory, partying and drinking with her new fans. She was having fun but also seemed to have this expression on her face like she knew something nobody else did. Her plan was about to start. The two guys from Sigma Pi were fucking Faye, one in the face the other in the pussy when Carla approach the girl, &#8220;You will submit to my will, dear&#8221; she told her. Faye ignored her, concentrating on the two penises inside her. &#8220;Guys take her away.&#8221; Carla ordered the two guys to pick up Faye and carry her down to the basement. There Carla had set up a special chair with chains that would force Faye's legs to remain open the rest of the evening. It was still within the rules of the game, which was why the guys at Sigma Pi agreed. Carla locked Faye's head forcing it to look straight up and then stood over her helpless victim and reiterated, &#8220;You will submit to me. Bitch.&#8221; Faye didn't. She was enjoying being fucked.

Carla's blood pressure started to climb. She lowered her cunt onto Faye's face and shouted, &#8220;Submit Submit Submit...&#8221; Nothing. Guys were lined up now to fuck and fill Faye's pussy and ass. Nothing. At one point Carla pushed the guys away and inserted a 15&#8221; long 2&#8221; wide dildo into Faye and fucked her herself, but Faye wasn't going to give in. She was a hard-ass alright.

Carla's plan was failing until she got a new idea, something that she remembered from Psych class. Carla took Faye's cell phone and recorded a long message on it, and then infinite replayed the message through headphones covering the now blindfolded Faye. Carla told the guys they could do what they liked to Faye, as long as they didn't remove the blindfold or the headphones. Carla went upstairs to party the rest of the night. She even fucked a few guys herself. 

As the orgy died down, and the sun started to come up, Carla worked her way down to see what had become of Faye. When she got downstairs she saw a shorter but still active line of guys waiting to fuck the never before available Faye. The guys left were not from the frat A list or B list or C list or even D list, but they had hard cocks and tongues and hands and used all of those to pleasure themselves with the chained super-vixen's perfect body. Carla could see some cum drooling from Faye's mouth but most of the guys that had used her that night concentrated on her ass, which had an enormous puddle below it.

Carla could see Faye mouthing some words as she approached the still blindfolded girl. When Carla removed the blindfold, before anyone could manage to cram their cock down her throat, Faye started to speak, &#8220;I am a cum whore. I live to give pleasure to my master. I must dress like a slut at all times or wear nothing at all...&#8221;.&nbsp; It was the speech that Carla had recorded, with the word &#8220;You&#8221; replaced with the word &#8220;I&#8221;. Carla looked into Faye's eyes and saw complete submission. Her pussy started to swell and she felt an orgasm coming quickly. Carla jumped onto Faye's chair and quickly lowered her ass onto Faye's lips.

&#8220;Lick my asshole.&#8221; Carla whispered, testing to see if Faye would respond to even the weakest command. Faye complied. Carla came and came and came. Her legs shook so hard two guy had to rush over to make sure she didn't fall. Carla's orgasm lasted at least 60 seconds. Wave after wave of pleasure rolled over her. Faye didn't let up licking until Carla stood up, still shaky. &#8220;Let her go, time is up.&#8221; Carla ordered the guys in the basement as she left the venue to return to her sorority house and get some sleep.

At 2:00 pm Carla was awoken with a knock on her door. Carla had her own room at the sorority only because her roommate was now a slave to a frat guy down the street until the end of the school year. Carla shouted &#8220;Come in,&#8221; and to her surprise, before her was a naked Faye dripping cum from all parts of her body. &#8220;What the fuck are you doing here.&#8221; she barked at cum whore in front of her. 

&#8220;I am your slave. I am here only to please you.&#8221;&nbsp; Faye kept babbling the things that Carla had recorded. She was completely brainwashed. 

&#8220;Clean yourself up and go home and stop bothering me, you whore.&#8221; Carla started to say wanting nothing more than another hour of sleep. But just as the word home came out her mouth, Carla had a new idea. &#8220;Stop slut!&#8221; she shouted. Faye froze. Carla gave new orders, &#8220;Go get cleaned up and then get your stuff and bring it here. You will be my live-in slave now. Here wear this T-shirt and shorts so you don't get arrested.&#8221;

&#8220;Master, thank you. Master, this T-shirt is not slutty enough to wear. Master, do you have anything sluttier?&#8221;

Carla was shocked. Faye was really taking this 20 minute tirade she left on her phone as the gospel. &#8220;OK, take this Bebe cropped top here and these black hiphuggers, and you know what, don't bother cleaning up. That should be slutty enough for now.&#8221;

&#8220;Mater, thank you.&#8221; Faye put on the apparel and looked hot.&nbsp; Her new outfit showed off her perfect body, her perfectly clear skin, and her perfectly shaped tits. As she walked back to her sorority house, cum was still oozing from her asshole and pussy, seeping through the thin material, revealing her perfect lower lips. It took Faye less than an hour to completely move into Carla's room. 

Carla welcomed her slave with a dog collar and a leash attached to the base of her bed. &#8220;Get down and lick my clit, slut.&#8221; Carla ordered as she lay back on her bed, legs spread, orgasming every hour or so until she fell asleep happy for the first time in a long time. Faye feel asleep too, her head still lodged between her master's legs. 

In the morning Carla let her slave up and together they went to get ready for the day. As the two where showering together Carla felt like again testing her slave. &#8220;Get down and lick my pussy until I cum&#8221; she ordered. Faye complied. Carla then started to pee into Faye's mouth. She just drank it up. Carla came quickly. Carla dressed in the bathroom but Faye remained naked, except for the collar and leash that were now to be worn as permanently as a tattoo.

Next the two girls sorted through Faye's old clothing, segregating them into two piles: slutty, which she could keep, and not slutty, which she would have to donate to the local salvation army. Carla recognized that some clothing, like a nice conservative button-down top could be easily worn unbuttoned, which would make it kind of slutty. She asked Faye to try on the top as she cut off all the buttons except one on the bottom. The shirt just barely covered Faye's boobs, showing her tear shaped cleavage accented by the chain links of the leash fastened around her neck. Any slight movement flashed a breast before it would quickly recover behind the silky bodice. That was a keeper. Carla wasn't sure if Faye should really go to school dressed in slutty clothes, but then going to school naked would probably be more problematic. Instead of making an exception to the rule, Carla compromised by letting Faye either wear something slutty or go naked underneath a rain slicker overcoat. Even so, Faye was almost kicked out of school three times before she found slutty but acceptable clothes to wear to class.

One day Carla tested Faye's obedience to her dress code by taking her to a mall and forcing her to change into jeans and a T shirt. Then Carla left with Faye's &#8220;proper&#8221; clothes and her wallet. Faye immediately stripped and just sat in the changing room for an hour until she realized that Carla was not going to return. Faye left the store naked and walked through the mall holding the end of her leash. People looked but just couldn't believe she was naked. They couldn't believe her body was real. Nobody looked like that, it must be some skin tight clothing. It wasn't.

It took about three minutes before Faye encountered a rent-a-cop who asked the girl to follow him down to his office. He lectured her that walking naked through a mall was not appropriate behavior. Her answer was to get on her knees, loosen his belt, pull down his pants, and slurp his cock into her mouth with her tongue. &#8220;Is this appropriate behavior?&#8221; Faye asked between suckings. The man came in her mouth before she had time to offer him her pussy. Faye noticed a roll of duct tape on the security guard's desk and asked if she could use it. He was in no shape to say anything but yes to the stunning beauty. She took the tape and ran it between her legs and around her waist to cover her private parts, and then ran a piece around her back and over her nipples creating an impromptu bra. &#8220;Enough?&#8221; she asked. He again replied yes even though later he would not remember saying anything to her.

Heads turned as Faye left the mall and walked down the street wearing her duct tape outfit. Hundreds of cars passed her before one stopped to see if she needed a lift. Faye bent over to talk to the couple, an older man and his younger wife. Faye's tits rippled as she shifted her weight from one foot to the other. The couple eventually delivered Faye back to her sorority house, naked, but not before the threesome checked into the local no-tell motel for a couple hours of afternoon fun. Faye was very giving in bed and the couple appreciate her youthful enthusiasm and her youthful body. Faye entered Carla's room holding two hundred dollars in her hand. As Faye described her journey home, laying prone between Carla's legs, Carla masturbated imagining what Faye had just experienced. When the story was over, Carla let her slave give her an orgasm with her tongue. Later that night the two went dancing, Carla dressed to the nines and Faye dressed in a brand new duct tape outfit.

Inspired by her exploits at the mall, Carla started to order Faye to get things for her by fucking guys for it. Carla told Faye to chronicle her soon to be overflowing sex life by taking pictures, with her cell phone, of herself covered in cum and the cocks that put it there. No faces except Faye's though, just cocks. Carla's first target? a pair of $400 shoes. It took Faye an afternoon to fuck her way into those shoes. The pictures showed about ten loads of cum on her face for the trouble. Carla sent Faye on runs for all types of stuff: clothing, electronics, jewelry, and of course drugs. Faye would even earn a few dollars here and there. Faye had become her whore. The two would sometimes go to clubs where Carla would send Faye to get cocaine. Everyone knew Faye by now, the girl with the leash and the smoking hot body. This one night Carla walked in while Faye was getting fucked by a couple of bouncers at the club. Carla just watched as Faye took the huge cocks in her every hole. As one guys came on Faye's flat belly Carla looked into her eyes and saw that look of submission. Carla came on the spot. She then walked over to Faye and licked up the cum that had landed on her stomach and her tits and transferred it from her mouth into Faye's. Faye was not allowed to remove any of the cum deposited on her body without permission from Carla, except for the cum that landed in her mouth. That, she could swallow.

One day Carla's car broke down and had to be towed to a local shop for repair. She couldn't pay to have it fixed so she sent Faye to make a deal with the mechanic. The car needed not only a new fuel pump, but the engine needed a tune-up and the brakes where almost completely worn. When Faye told the mechanic what she would offer for payment, he closed the garage and invited 40 of his closest friends and best paying customers to come cover her expenses, and cover her in cum. These four hour marathon fuck sessions were normal for Faye now. One thing was different this time though, two sadists decided to string her up, tighten a metal clamp around her perfect tits, attach an electrical wire to them and use a battery to shock the shit out of her. As they all watched her body jerk like the marionette of a Parkinson's afflicted puppet-master, her tortures were video recorded on her cell phone camera. When she returned home, Carla watched the video sitting on the girl's face. Carla whipped Faye's pussy scolding her: &#8220;You are a cum hungry slut to the world, bitch, you can fuck and suck anyone and everyone, but only I can torture you. Got it?&#8221; Faye tried her best to hold back the screams but relented after about ten strokes directly on her clit with a piano wire crop,&nbsp; Carla once again lost control and came and pissed into Faye's wired open mouth.

Carla quickly became dependent on Faye not only for sexual satisfaction, but for the money and things that she needed to survive. Carla would go to posh nightclubs on weekends while forcing Faye into USF contests to pay for it. If Faye came back the victor, Carla would give her a kiss and let Faye make love to her. Carla was still cold and ungiving, using sex to get what she wanted and to control her slave. She would lay down on her back while Faye hovered her naked body over Carla's, letting her nipples gently rub up against her lover's body as she kissed her all over. If Faye lost, Carla would tie her to the bed, gag her, and whip her tits. She would then untie her and kick her onto the floor, making her sleep under Carla's bed. Often, to punish Faye, Carla would invite one of the other sorority sisters to make love to her while Faye lay under them, with a penis gag stuffed down her throat and a dildo in each of her other holes. 


Living up to their obligations Sigma Pi released Elsie, after the Sex Olympics closing ceremony, into her father's vineyard. She was found there by two farm hands the next day drinking from a pond on all fours. Written on her body were the frat's parting instruction to anyone who might find her. &#8220;Fuck often&#8221; &#8220;Milk twice daily&#8221; &#8220;Keep well lubed&#8221; &#8220;Don't spare the crop&#8221;. The farm hands decided to double team the cow before returning her to her daddy's house. Elsie barely noticed the two as they fucked her pussy and ass at the same time. The pair shot their loads in her mouth trying to humiliate their employer's bitchy daughter. She had complained many times about them and their friends being sloppy and dirty. One guy told her &#8220;You are the dirty bitch now. I'll try to be careful and get every drop of my cum on your face.&#8221; They didn't know that she still couldn't understand a word. Elsie was so out of it that when she finally arrived at her house, walking the mile and a half on hands and knees, she didn't recognize her own father.

&#8220;What the fuck?&#8221; her dad shouted. &#8220;You did this to my princess. I'm calling the cops. You guys are going to rot in jail the rest of your short lives.&#8221; He pulled out a pair of guns and shoved them into the guys' mouths. The farm hands tried to explain that they found her like that, that they didn't touch her, that they were innocent. They were eventually convicted and sentenced to 100 years in prison based on the DNA evidence found on Elsie's face.

It took Kelli's dad two days to remove the riveted and welded bondage paraphernalia from his little girl. While she recovered physically, Kelli never completely recovered mentally from her experience as Elsie. She didn't remember the experience and her father made sure that nobody told her exactly what had happened. Kelli underwent all types of therapies: shock, psychoanalysis, drug, but she was never normal again. 

Kelli did find one thing that brought her happiness though: self bondage. She would chain herself in her room with machines fucking her pussy or her ass or even her mouth and milking suction machines on her breasts for hours at a time. She didn't understand why she became obsessed with certain positions, being on all fours for example, or with being whipped with a crop. She bought very expensive equipment including a whipping machine and a number of fucking and milking machines with the trust fund money her now deceased father had left her.

One day she was on a porn website looking for tips on self bondage pony gear when she saw a picture of someone who looked a lot like herself, except this person was a cow being fucked by three guys at once, with a line of guys looking like they were next. The caption read &#8220;Sex Olympics Bitch Cow in Heat.&#8221; Was this her? She had lost all contact with the University and with the Greek system. She had assumed all the time that two farm hands had done something bad to her but now she had the feeling they were not completely responsible. Kelli tried to contact some of her long lost college friends but none of them would answer her phone calls, texts or emails. 

Kelli had to calm down, her brain was on fire trying to put together the pieces of the puzzle of her torment at the hands of ... of someone. Finally, in the middle of a computerized two day self bondage session, while her still huge tits were sucked full inside two quart glass suction jars, Kelli flashed onto the first image of her Sex Olympics experience. She cried for hours at a time as her memory returned. By the time the session was over Kelli had completely remembered every detail of her Olympic experience, at least every detail she could understand. She still didn't understand why she couldn't remember what anyone had said after that perv told her she was going to be his cow.

After a night's sleep Kelli called a private investigator to find that perv. The investigator had worked for her father and was unsure if he should tell her the truth. While he had promised not to say anything, she easily convinced him with a big check and blowjob. Guys are weak. It turned out that her father was in the process of putting together a case against the perv, whose real name was Jason, when he suddenly had his fatal &#8220;heart attack&#8221;. The papers showed Jason's last known address. Her first reaction was to kill him. She was pretty sure that no jury would convict her if they knew the truth of what had happened. Temporary insanity at least. But then she remembered the line from the Bible, &#8220;an eye for an eye.&#8221; Kelli would lure Jason to her house, no her bondage room, and then she would torture him as he had tortured her. 

Jason was an easy mark, especially as Kelli seduced him wearing a low cut top. Jason didn't even recognize Kelli, who called herself Angel. He was too busy staring at her boobs. When Jason woke up he was strapped into Kelli's self bondage device. He couldn't escape even though he tried and tried. The machine would randomly whip his balls, crush them, fuck his ass, choke him, jerk him off, force him to swallow bull semen and urine, whip his legs and back, brand him and all other sorts of things that had been inflicted upon her by Jason and his frat brothers. His program would last ten days, same as hers. As a final touch, Kelli put the whole spectacle on the internet live. She had closure, his eye for hers. 

After the machine finally released him, Jason called the cops to have Angel arrested. The cops tried to track her down but she was nowhere to be found. Instead the cops found a complete dossier showing what Jason had done to the girl. The courts ended up sentencing him to 10 years in prison.

As the summer ended and the next school year began, Carla and Faye moved out of the sorority house and into an off campus apartment, one with very thick walls. Faye dropped out of school, skipping her senior year to become a professional Ultimate Strip Fighter. She supplemented their income by stripping in sleazy clubs, doing porn movies and otherwise whoring herself. Faye couldn't carry on a normal conversion anymore. Everyone who saw her only had one thing on their mind, and she was always willing to oblige. She tried to talk to the people she was fucking but nobody really cared about her words or her thoughts, they just wanted the feel that body, to fuck that pussy, to cum in that slut's mouth. She grew to hate her perfect body, but that is common among women.

Carla stayed in school and continued on to a Master's degree in psychology. She used Faye as the basis for her research into mind control and conditioning. When Carla's research professor asked her where she had come up with her theory on sudden transference of cultural permissiveness to sexual submission, she invited him to her apartment to answer his questions. He was hoping that he could get into her pants, thinking that she was her own subject one, a conditioned sexual submissive. Instead, as he and Carla were sitting on her couch chit chatting over a couple of drinks, Faye walked into the room completely naked except for the always present dog collar around her neck and 7&#8221; heels on her feet. The professor's face turned bright red as he couldn't stop looking, no leering, at the still radiant beauty before his eyes. For all the cum she had been covered with and swallowed, for all the fucking and sucking and the occasional beatings, for all of the sex that had been inflicted upon her, Faye was more dazzling now than ever. Carla made sure that her slave was always well rested, well conditioned and a bit hungry. The professor finally managed to stutter out a question, breaking the silence that had befallen the room, &#8220;Is this subject number one in your research?&#8221;

&#8220;Yes.&#8221;

&#8220;So then you are the dominant and she the submissive?&#8221;

&#8220;Obviously.&#8221;

&#8220;This is interesting. You know, such an extreme theory as yours must have more than one subject. Have you found a second subject to confirm the theory?&#8221;

&#8220;I remember a girl that I met just before I beat... I mean met Subject One here. Her name was Kelli. It seems she disappeared. It was in all the papers. There were rumors that she left the country to become a dominatrix in Eastern Europe. But I have my own theory, based on my work. I read that there was a huge donation to a non-profit farm run by a famous cult around the time she disappeared. Part of that donation was for a local plastic surgery clinic. My theory is that she had plastic surgery to permanently convert herself into a Hindu sex goddess in the form of a cow.&#8221;

&#8220;Wow, why would you think that? Can you prove that? That would validate your theory in spades.&#8221;

&#8220;I'm working on it. You know the paper I wrote about Subject One. That paper was the G rated version. Let me tell you the real X rated version...&#8221;

Carla's professor left her apartment the next morning wearing the biggest smile and the sorest dick of his life. Carla had celebrated his generous offer and stipend towards a Ph.D.&nbsp; watching Faye getting fucked in the ass from behind while eating Carla's pussy. At the very moment that the professor came, Carla saw that look on her slave's face, that look of submission, and had her first orgasm of the night.






Review This Story
 || Email Author:  R. E. Lavaque


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





