BDSM Library - My New Belt Design




My New Belt Design
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: 






My New Belt Design



I'm Alexa and I've always been up for a challenge. Being the only female engineer in a large firm of custom tubing manufacturers I'm only too aware that to survive in a male world you have to truely competitive.



Joe, my better half, will testify that when my dander is up I am like an arrow on the way to it's target, nothing will deflect me.



It was my sister who started it off, we had been watching a film in which a man had been chained up in a cellar for five years by a crazy woman - she said that any man could have gotten out in a week and it was totally unbelievable. Joe mentioned it first, that things like chastity belts were a myth and that one couldn't be designed to keep a man permanently entrapped. Reg, my sister Ruby's better half, said he could believe it was possible but it would have to be so massive that it would be completely unwearable for hygiene reasons alone. 



Ruby had occupied her time on the internet and brought up pictures of the plastic CB range and we all agreed that a pair of metal shears would easily demolished any of them.



I started criticising the more robust metal designs with my engineer head on saying a narrow square ring in cross-section would be too dangerous in its effects on blood flow if tight enough not to be removed - anyway all the designs brought up depended on angular lumpy projections which were impractical - including the lock which was the worst offending part of them - any idiot engineer could design something far more sleek, hygienic and secure, and capable of being adapted to different male anatomies.



It was Ruby who uttered the words that would change all our lives - put your money where your mouth is? She looked at our husbands and said:



"Joe and Reg are very different down below, why don't you make a chastity belt that can be adapted to fit either of them to prove your point, they'll be your guinea pigs - Let's measure them up?"



Hoisted by the petard of their own prior enthusiasm, two sheepish men removed their trousers and pants and submitted to the tape measure Ruby now wielded. The difficulty of gaining a flaccid measure as to both girth and length proving the threat of chastised incarceration certainly had a kinky attraction to both of them. The growing wetness I felt down below proved I was motivated by more than my engineer's pride. As a reward for their efforts we both gave them a blow job they would remember, especially when it came to the point of their enforced chastity.



That night when our guests had gone I checked in with Joe that he was all right with the idea of the project. 



"You know the thing that worried me most was I found the whole idea of being locked up by you and not being able to do anything about it to be the biggest turn on I've ever experienced - I just didn't realise I was into anything like that. It really both excites and frightens me."



"Me too, I love you just as much as I always have, but the thought of holding you in chastity and being your keyholder made me instantly wet down below. I think this a journey we both need to take!"



Even in the heat of passion I'd already I'd already decided my methodology.



Firstly a stainless steel napkin like doughnut shaped ring, about an inch in length, would be cut roughly in two halves. 



The adjustment for penis girth would be the lower half could be increased / decreased in size along a slightly straightened side to cope with different sized penises. 



This broader flatter shape would hold to the penis much firmer and prevent pull through, yet despite its tighter fit the rounded bevels of the doughnut would minimize the obstruction to blood flow. 



Four deep holes would be drilled almost through the leading edge of the doughnut in which interconnected steel rods could be inserted from which the penis cage would be attached. Two of these holes were equally spaced to divide the top section into three equal spacings, and the other two exactly bisected the the joints between the semicircles of the steel doughnut.



The rods would project forward and either be spiralled round to make a frame around and restricting the penis, or jointed to additional elements which would form a straight cage in which the penis would be trapped.



I used my CAD package to exactly specify the dimensions for both Joe and Reg and on seeing the printout Joe clammed up, obviously in a turmoil of emotions. I decided to let him stew until I had perfected the design.



The next day I improved on my idea for the connection of the two semicircles of the doughnut, from 2/10ths to 6/10ths of an inch in the width of the join there was a step back / projection in the two halves through which the hole for the steel rod was joined, when inserted the two rods would permanently join the semicircles together. A screw hole over the centre of each rodded cavity whould allow a security headed bolt to be tightened into dimples in the inserted rod so that the gap between cage and doughnut could be adjusted to take on board the varying dimensions to be embraced. 



I would make up a thin sheet of plastic to mask the doughnut joints from the skin when it was being closed, which could be pulled out afterwards, to stop skin being caught during the installation process. I had a finished product, all I had to do now was make it.



Now it was time to tackle my doubting Thomas,



"I am your wife Joe, we're meant to share things, but you're treating me as though I was your mother or schoolmistress having caught you masturbating. We've always tried to enjoy every aspect of sex, now please put aside your obvious embarrassment I just need your honesty to make a success of this project!" 



"It is without doubt the sexiest and most beautiful thing I have ever seen and in comparison to the ugly contraptions available over the net it stands completely in a category of its own. I am proud to be the partner of such a clever woman. There is such a passion in me to have it as part of me I know it will be a vital part of me well into the future. Can you cope with a partner whose manhood is locked away?"



"I also want to be honest. The inspiration for this design has nothing to do with engineering pride, it is the thought of being able to lock you away that seems to target the heights of my own sexual excitement. It is only your own pleasure at this prospect that frees me from the guilt of wanting to do this to the man I love. I promise I will tease and torment you probably more than you can bear, but just tell me you want it to stop and it will be over."



That ended the discussion and he pulled down my knickers and tongued me to orgasm.



I think it was Ruby, shortly after seeing my first prototype (which I had managed to secretly make during down times at the factory), who first voiced the opinion that this was a radically improved chastity device and could be highly commercial. We all agreed that our whole experiment would be kept very secret to protect the commercial potential until we had patented our design and proved it out by testing.



Joe first wore the spiralled cage a week later and despite the ice to reduce his erection he quickly inflated again once it was bolted down. The spiral proved its worth by pressing into his erection and causing sufficient discomfort for the penis to finally accept the limits of its new confinement. Hygiene just wasn't an issue,&nbsp; a soaking in a bath or shower cleaned everything. On day three one issue emerged, the urethra was being compressed by the circle of steel so I redesigned it with a concave hollow to give it space to freely pass urine. 



When Ruby fitted Reg with his new belt it had eight steel rods that bent with the shape of the penis to a ring which covered the end of the knob and could be peed through. The one thing about both of them was that they were totally smooth with no projections to announce their presence under the trousers. 



Ruby called up with progress reports, apparently Reg was equally taking to it like a duck to water. I had a real success on my hands. She reported that he was becoming an expert in his oral attentions to her under her precise tutor-ledge.&nbsp; 



Despite the absence of anything negative in our experiences of its use I modified the spiral of steel rods so that just in front of the join with the scrotal sac there was a tighter curving fit to more tightly encompass it as it hung down.



Three weeks in Joe was still in love with his new appendage, and enjoying the constant mental stimulation of his restraint and what he called his 'divine frustration'. He claimed this gave him a constant level of sexual awareness and certainly I have never had a more attentive husband, ready and eager to pander to both my sexual and my other domestic needs.



Having read all the literature on one thing both us sisters were agreed, our men had to be given sexual relief periodically for the good of their health, but as though as it were a conspiracy both flatly refused, saying the constant sexual high they were on was worth more than the deflating and temporary effect of an orgasm. 



Faced with this refusal we researched the problem on the internet and found the exqyuisite subject of milking. When we talked it over with them we could see the conflict in their eyes, the deep humiliation and dehumanising of being treated like a cow being milked by their wives,&nbsp; against the sense of achievement of maintaining the state of 'divine frustration'. 



Bending them over the edge of the bed weekly and using a rubber clad well lubricated index finger to stimulate the prostate to an slow ejaculation without an orgasm was a process that brought bright red faces but was always followed by an extended session of oral attention.



Three months in and I declared the experiment a success - what to do now? 



We agreed what we'd do was to report this story on an internet site and see if a demand would grow for the new chastity belt. I was already working on a female equivalent and to be honest needed both our men free to be the dominant control element in that experiment. Reg complied, but Joe didn't, and when I insisted he simply put super glue on the screw so it couldn't be removed. 



To be honest I had thought of such an eventuality and the pointed end of the bolt was made of much softer brass, and with the pressure of a mechanical spreader this point would shear and the rods could be extracted without doing damaged to the main elements. In deference to his obvious delight in adding a permanancy to his imprisonment he will only discover this fact when he reads this. If anyone else is disheartened by this please note I will insist two sets of bolts will be included with the product, one soft headed, the other hard. It is your Mistresses choice which is to be fitted.



To any manufacturer out there please note this design is patented but for a very reasonable royalty fee per unit I will agree any quality manufacture for its production.



Ruby and Reg are now more of a give and take couple, and I am envious of her now it is her turn to be chastised in my newly designed female belt - but more of that when it is fully tested and the design is perfected.



On a personal note I have given way to the considerable pleasure of treating Joe as my sexual slave, and we now really live the life. On his request he is now shackled in a cage each night when I have no need for him in bed and I now completely shave him weekly as a sign of his servitude. To date I have resisted his desire for more noticeable control piercings as I insist I do need the option of us operating as a conventional couple in public. 



Other than this so far BDSM doesn't currently play a significant part in our way of life, but who knows where our obsession will lead in the future, particularly if I allow him his head. I certainly don't think either of us have learnt the lengths and consequences of our joint obsession, although I hope it will always remain something we exclusively and privately share, I just don't want to test the limits of my love by letting pure cruelty being my main motivation. 



Its funny the journey life takes us on.



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Alexa(no email) 


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





