BDSM Library - The Regent's Maid




The Regent's Maid
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: 






﻿This is a role play between darknessmonger and Aurelié Catena 

It is written in third person so it can be read as a story instead of those roleplays that switch between characters. 



The rules of the game are: Aurelié decided on a torture that would break her and darknessmonger had 7 days to figure it out by noticing the hints on her reactions, and taking care of not overdoing and losing her. 

So, do you want to know who won? Read on. 



Introduction 

Aurelia is a maid at the Regent’s castle. At least she looks like she is because actually she has entered this service a couple of months earlier for quite a different reason. She is here to observe and transmit information to the rebels. Their chief is her lover and she is ready to do anything for him and the rebellion. 



With her beauty, she had no problem getting hired for the job. She is rather tall and has an amazingly curvaceous and well-toned body. Her auburn, curly mane flows freely to the middle of her back. 



She is waiting in her room in the castle. Suddenly, there is a knock on the door. 



"Aurelia? the Regent wants his tea!" 



It was not an unusual petition, what was a little odd was the time, it was earlier than the time Aurelia served tea at the terrace. 



“When you are all ready go to the first floor, a guard should lead you to where the Lord is". 



A few minutes later in the first floor, with the usual tray of tea and cookies. 



"Follow me, we will take you were He is" 



The guard leads Aurelia to a small but heavy door, as he opens it with a key Aurelia see a narrow way, two persons can barely walk side by side. She has never been here, but she knows that it is the way to the dungeons. 



And indeed the air becomes damper, the smell of a bad ventilated place combined with the oil of the torches, the only thing giving light in this part of the castle. Aurelia shivers as the wet coldness seems to penetrate her dress to reach her very bones. This is a sinister place where many a Regent’s enemy has entered without ever coming back alive. 



The passage ends in a stair, it goes about two stories down, at the end of the stair is a door with a pair of guards at each side. They push a metal bar on the wall, and with that bar out of the way they can move the other bar that blocked the door, opening it. 

When both have passed the door, it is closed behind them, in front of them there's another door, and a guard from the other side too pushed the bar back and moved the other heavy bar blocking the door. This is a clever mechanism so only one door can be open at the same time. 

After that second door is a small hall, with several metallic doors, they take Aurelia to the last door, and it also opens to a stair that goes down and to the side, there is a huge chamber, the ceiling is the same as the place Aurelia came from, meaning this is a chamber two stories high, the other doors must be small rooms, or most probably cells, they have windows into this big chamber, surely for making the people inside be able to hear and even look at what happens in this room. 



But the interesting thing about the room isn't the windows or the height, the really odd thing about this room is the person in the centre of it, a woman, she has a hood over her head, but there is no doubt she is a woman, because that hood is the only piece of cloth on her body. 

She is hanging by her arms in the center of the room. Her legs tied to a pair of rings set on the floor, her body all covered in bruises and whip marks, strangely enough she is not making any sound. just behind her is that ugly fat man, the regent's executioner. Sometimes he goes to the kitchen for something to eat, the rest of the persons in the castle try to avoid him, even some of the soldiers seem to be uneasy with him around. Aurelia cannot turn her eyes from the limp, naked, tortured body. This is horrible. This poor girl must have suffered incredibly. 



In the front, from a place that can have a look at every part of that chamber, is a comfortable chair, and on that chair is the regent, besides him a table. He stares at Aurelia and calls her closer. 



"Thanks for the tea, had to attend some urgent business and this place dries my throat. Don't worry about her, she's a traitor, she is helping the rebels, everything must be done to stop them, don't you agree?" 



“Yes, my Lord. They are a band of thieves who must be destroyed”, Aurelia answers with a curtsy. But in her heart, Aurelia gives the Regent’s soul to damnation. She tries to guess whether she knows the girl hanging there, but her body is so dirty and covered with wounds and scars that it is difficult to recognise. 



"We are positive she has already told everything she knew, what awaits her is a slow and painful public execution, we want to make an example out of her and give a clear message to all the rebels of what can expect those against me!" 



“She deserves it,&nbsp; I have no doubt, my Lord”, answers Aurelia again. 



"Before you leave I just want to ask you a question" 



The executioner removes the hood, the woman is gagged, and her face severely beaten and her sweaty hair plastered over it. It was Marie, one of Aurelia’s contacts with the rebels. 



Aurelia’s heart misses a beat as she recognizes her. Still, she manages to keep a straight face. 



"Do you know her?" asked the regent watching Aurelia carefully. 



“Not personally, but I believe I have seen her a couple of times at the market place. She looked quite innocuous. Are you sure she is a rebel?” 



"Because she has kept telling us your name, quite a lot of times, and quite loudly". 



At these words, Aurelia feels an icy rivulet of cold sweat dribble down her spine. She gathers all the courage to answer. “I do not know her, my Lord. But maybe did she covet the maid position you were kind enough to give me? She might be jealous?”&nbsp;&nbsp; 



The eyes of the naked woman get fixed on the maid's eyes, a face begging her for forgiveness, at the same time all the guards inside the chamber are approaching Aurelia, ready to act at the order of the Regent. 

"Take her to her cell, and make sure they take good care of her, I want her strong and healthy for her execution" says the Regent. "And Henry, I hope you don't mind working extra time today, but your skills are urgently needed" 

"Not at all sir" the ugly man answers. "It's always a pleasure to do my job, especially with certain subjects..." 

Day 1, 3:00 pm 

The guards were alert, and quickly grabbed Aurelia's arms before she has time to react. 

&nbsp; 

“My Lord!” she protested, vainly struggling against the guards. “Please, you don’t believe her, do you? She is jealous of me, that’s obvious! Noooooo!”. But the guards’ strong hands were digging deep into the muscles of her arms, half lifting her from the floor. She looked at the Regent with pleading eyes. 

&nbsp; 

"Take her to the centre of the room and make her lie between those rings on the floor". 

&nbsp; 

The three guards did as directed, and the executioner removed her sandals and proceeded to tie a rope from each ankle to the pair of rings near her feet. Then he walked around her and tied each wrist to other rings near her head. The ropes were not taut, but were short enough so that she was not able to bring her hands together to try to untie herself, not that she could have achieved something trying. 

&nbsp; 

Aurelia was lying on the cold, damp, stone floor. She could feel it transpiring through the back of her clothes. The ropes were digging cruelly into her ankles and wrists. She pulled on them, trying to protect her splayed body but her limbs were soon stopped. As she struggled, the bottom of her dress was trussed up, revealing her tanned, strong, shapely legs up to her knees. 

&nbsp; 

“Please, my Lord! You must believe me! I am not a rebel! Please, don’t hurt me!” 

&nbsp; 

"So my lady, you better start telling the Regent all he wants to know about the rebels before things get nasty for you" said the torturer. “Marie spoke about an attack and that your task was to open the gates to the Rebels. We want to know when this attack is going to happen.” 

&nbsp; 

He knelt beside the girl, and grabbing her blouse with both hands, he started ripping it revealing her curvaceous breasts. The fabric of her dress was stronger, so with the use of a knife he also removed that piece of clothing; finally her underwear joined the rest of her clothing on a pile on the floor, while the soldiers enjoyed the beautiful sight of the naked maiden forming a letter X with her body. They would recall that memory frequently on their long lonely shifts. 

&nbsp; 

Aurelia struggled with all her might as her cloths were brutally removed from her, but to no avail. She was soon totally naked and her skin was covered with goose bumps. Her nipples were standing erect. She had strong muscles and they were rolling under her skin as she fought her restraints. Her grapefruit-sized, firm breasts were heaving on top of her chest as she panted slightly. Her ribs could be seen pressing against her skin, her flat belly was sucked in and showed hints of powerful abs. She yanked once again on the ropes, trying to cover herself. She hated been displayed like this, humiliated, to the lurking eyes of all men around. 

&nbsp; 

“Please, don’t!!!” she begged once more. 

&nbsp; 

Henry grabbed the pile of clothes, and making sure the maiden saw him, threw them to burn on the fire that was always burning in a brazier on one side of the chamber. 

&nbsp; 

Then he went to a cabinet, opened it revealing momentarily tons of objects whose purpose was easy to guess, but only a twisted imagination would have found out how they worked. He returned with what looked like a wide leather belt, the particular thing about it was that one side was covered with hundreds of small spikes. 

&nbsp; 

"Raise her a little" 

&nbsp; 

As the guards raised Aurelia, the interrogator placed the belt under her across the&nbsp; small of her back, spikes facing upwards. She was the lowered again. She could feel the evil little nails pressing against her back and she arched her spine to escape the discomfort.. 

&nbsp; 

By operating a winch on the wall, a rope was lowered from the high ceiling; he stopped when the rope end was just above her abdomen. And then he fixed the end of the belt to the rope. He went back to the wall and operated the winch in the other direction, pulling the rope, and belt attached to it, higher and higher. 

&nbsp; 

After a few turns of the winch, her body left the floor completely, forming an arc with her body, he continued turning and turning, increasing the tension of the ropes holding her to the floor. 

&nbsp; 

Aurelia felt first the little nails pressing into the small of her back. She moaned as they pierced through her skin, feeling an intense pain. Her waist was lifted higher and higher, arching her body painfully and stretching her limbs backward. This was an awfully painful and humiliating position. For some time she kept her head lifted but soon the muscles in her neck could not support her head anymore and she had to let if hang limply between her stretched arms, her long, auburn mane flowing downwards. Her body was now as taut as a bow string and she could hardly breathe. 

&nbsp; 

The Regent who had been quietly watching the procedures finally spoke. 

&nbsp; 

"Leave her like that to contemplate what awaits her if she refuses to speak, and let's go to rest, we still have a full day ahead of us" 

&nbsp; 

“Nooooooooooooooo! Pleaaaaaaaaaaaase! My Lord! Don’t leave me like that! I am not a rebel! I swear it!” 

&nbsp; 

He stood and started to leave, followed by one of the guards, while the torturer untied Marie from her bondage and as she collapsed on the ground, carried her to the cells. Only the two other guards remained at the door after having closed it. 

&nbsp; 

Aurelia was left alone with her agony. Spread and stretched as she was, she could barely move. She wiggled her helpless toes and fingers to no avail and turned her head from side to side. She had to breathe in short gasp, her ribs seemed about to pierce through the skin of her chest. In spite of the cold dampness, her body was sweating like a fountain because of the agony in her stretched and contorted body. The worst was her nakedness. She felt completely helpless and at the mercy of the men. She could not avoid even their stares. She was also worried that the spikes piercing her skin could be inflicting permanent damage to her perfect body. 



As time passed, the pain was building in the poor maid's body. At first, her stretched limb had gone numb, but her joints and bones then begun to ache more and more, while her muscles were filled with cramps. But the most painful was her spine which was arched so cruelly that every minute, Aurelia thought it was going to break. She sweated profusely, rivulets of perspiration dribbling along her taut limbs and dripping on the floor. 

Day 1, 4:50 pm 

Finally after about an hour and a half, the Regent returns to the chamber, followed by the executioner, and a guard.



"Still you have nothing to tell us?" 



Aurelia lifts head, which was dangling between her arms, and looks at him with pain-filled eyes. Her face is drenched with sweat. She parts her lips and moans: "Please, I am not a rebel! You must believe me! Please, stop torturing me!" 



Henry goes back to the cabinet for more devices of horror, returns with a short chain, with a clamp on each end. Aurelia's nipples are erect because of the cold of the chamber, but nonetheless he starts manipulating them, until they are fully erect. It's then when he closes one of the clamp on the left nipple, turning a little screw to crush the sensitive piece of flesh. He passes the chain up to her shoulder, then around her neck and to the other shoulder, ending the chain in the other nipple, with the other clamp closed shut on it. 



Aurelia grits her teeth as the clamps flatten her nipples. They are not particularly sensitive, but the clamps are very powerful and she gasps, biting her lower lip.



A big bucket, one that could hold about 5 litres, is hung by a hook from the center of the chain, right under her neck, it is now empty, but its weight is already enough to pull her nipples toward her shoulders. 



She moans as her nipples are slightly pulled up. Her breasts are firm enough to resist the traction and only her nipples get elongated. Aurelia lifts her head and look down at twisted, flattened nipples. She can't believe what is happening to her. How long will she be able to resist torture?



A big metal frame is pushed towards the naked victim, placed just above her head. it holds a big barrel, with a large spigot on the bottom, a handle can regulate the amount of liquid that can come out of it. The mouth of the spigot is just a few centimeters away from her mouth.



"Since you don't want to tell us about the rebel attack, then you better put your mouth to good use. You have two choices: drink the water, or let it fall on the bucket. I'm sure you can imagine what it would be like if the bucket got heavier".



Having said that, Henry opens the flow of water, slow but unrelenting, while the Regent watches the procedure with great interest sitting in his comfortable chair.



The water begins to trickle into Aurelia's gaping mouth. She had sweated so much during the preceding hour that she was quite thirsty and the fresh water is welcomed to her dry mouth. She swallows it eagerly. After having drunk about half a litre, things become more difficult. Her stomach is now full of water and she has to force herself to gulp more. She drinks and drinks, until one litre has entered her belly. It is now difficult to force more water into her stomach, specially because her head is slightly below her belly. It feels like her stomach does not want to accept any&nbsp; more. She is swallowing more slowly now, leaving her mouth to fill a bit before forcing its content down her gullet. 



Suddenly, she feels her stomach revolting. She heaves and retches and just manages to keep the water inside, but her full mouth spills a bit of water. She feels the cold rivulet snakes along her jaws, her nape and makes a metallic sound as it drops into the bucket. The weight makes no difference yet, but the sound acts like a warning. 



Swallowing water is getting harder and harder. Her eyes are focused on the trickle running from the spigot. Her mouth is gaping wide, full to the rim. Each swallowing demands for a strong effort from her part. Her belly is beginning to bloat as her stomach and now her bowels are filling. From time to time she is not fast enough, or she has a glitch, and some water dribbles from her mouth and later into the bucket. She can now feel it pulling harder on her clamped nipples. Her face is soaked with water, as is her auburn mane. 



As time passes, Aurelia's belly is getting more and more bloated. She can hardly swallow any more water now. She can't even complain about it as her mouth is almost constantly filled to the rim. Water is trickling continuously into the bucket, with periodic larger burst when her throat retches or she coughs uncontrollably. The bucket must now contain about one litre. One kilogram pulling on her poor nipples. They are stretched almost to her chin and her breasts are now deformed into cones. The bucket is gently swinging under her head. Aurelia's face is livid but she resists courageously. If I can resist this, surely the Regent will be convinced of my innocence. I must hold. My love would be proud of me! If only these evil little nails were not grinding into my back! she keeps thinking to strengthen her determination. 



Seeing no progress with breaking the willpower of the maid, the Regent leaves the chamber after telling the interrogator to keep him notified of any change. Henry just sits patiently on a stool, satisfied that this method doesn't need constant work to keep the victim suffering. 



The time passes slow, painfully slow. It sounds as if the seconds are marked by the dripping of water into the bucket. Aurelia's bloated belly can hardly accept more fluid and most of what falls from the spigot spills over into the torture vessel. The pressure on her internal organs is growing as well as her stomach and bowels begin to stretch. She feels anguish growing inside her mind. As the bucket fills more rapidly, so does the stretching of her breasts. Their firmness is not protecting them any more. They are now stretched to her ears, elongated in narrowing pieces of flesh. Her aureole now very thin and long and her nipples, naturally long, have doubled in length. Her proud, full breasts are one of the pretending maid's favourite attributes. The fear to have them definitely deformed is added to the pain. 



As the bucket is three-quarters full, another kind of suffering appears. So far, Aurelia was able to swallow water in more or less regular gulps, each time allowing her to take a lungful of air. By now, the water internal pressure is too much. No water will get down her gullet, whatever her efforts. She is just full to the rim. With her mouth and throat so full, breathing becomes impossible. The first time it happens, Aurelia feels panic growing in her heart. Her eyes being to bulge out, she produces pitiful moans. At last, her lungs in fire and unable to swallow even a drop of water, she spits all the content of her mouth and throat adding in one shot 200 g to her plight. She takes a deep breath, moaning in pain as the length of her breasts takes another couple of millimetres. But again, her mouth begins to fill. 



She closes her mouth but the water begins to enter her flaring nostrils and she sneezes, painfully shaking in her restraints. She quickly opens back her mouth, letting the water pooling there until her urge for air passes her fear for her breasts. 



This unbearable cycle continues for several minutes. The bucket is now filling much faster and her poor breasts soon seem on the verge of being torn from her chest. At last, she begins to pee, a rivulet of clear urine dribbling from between her wide-spread thighs. In spite of the burning humiliation, this provides some relief to her bloated bladder. 

Day 1 6:00 pm 

By now the bucket is almost full, the torturer closes the flow of water and goes to check on the subject, her breasts seemed like ripping out of her body. He walks around between her legs and with one hand spread her vaginal lips while with one finger he starts searching in her intimate flesh until he find what he was looking for: her urethra, he starts pushing a long narrow piece of cork up her opening until it is set firmly in place. 



Aurelia screams to the top of her tired lungs as she feels her most intimate parts violated. The insertion of the dry, rough pierce of cork inside her pee hole drives tears to her eyes. It feels as if liquid fire has been poured into it.





He's not done yet, and goes to the end of the room returning with a piece of coarse rope about two meters long, he loops the rope around her belly, just besides the spiked belt, and makes a running knot on the centre of her abdomen, the loose end of the rope going down towards her crotch, then between her legs and along her back until being passed between her back and the loop of rope surrounding her abdomen.





The bucket full of water is removed from the chain, that act stops looking like mercy and turns into cruelty when he hangs that bucket from the end of the rope under her back and lets it fall. The loop of rope across her stomach closed tighter,The coarse rope being pulled between her legs, hurting the sensitive flesh and driving the cork even deeper





That's not all, soon another empty bucket is being placed on the chain attached to her breasts and the flow of water reopened, this time less water, as he knows she won't be able to drink much more. He adds some salt to the barrel, by years of experience he know that pure water in excess can kill some subjects.





Aurelia is beginning to despair. Will this torture never end? Her overstretched joins are screaming in agony. Her breasts have recovered their natural shape, but already she hears water accumulating again in the new bucket. To her predicament, the burning in her urethra has added its toll. She has no way to expel the piece of cork and her bladder is so full that it seems on the verge of exploding. No amount of hip contortions can bring her relief. Similarly, her bowels and stomach are over-bloated with water. She feels sick. Moreover, the salty water that is splashing on her terrified face is now burning her eyes as well. She is once again breathing once every 30 seconds. 



This time, the bucket filled much more rapidly. Aurelia's breasts were soon in deep agony once again, stretched to her ears. Her belly was even more bloated. She was gasping and retching; her eyes were bulging out. She was exhausted, covered with a shiny layer of sweat. Her cramped muscles were forming knots under her glistening skin. Water began to trickle from her anus, barely relieving the pain in her abdomen. She began to give signs of utter panic as her diaphragm got tired from fighting to bring air into her burning lungs. 

Day 1, 8:00 pm 

The Regent comes back to the chamber to check on his prisoner. After seeing that not much progress has been made they decide to end the session for the day, not wanting to put her life in danger. The buckets are removed, the rope around her belly untied, the clamps are opened, while he checks them and&nbsp; applies an ointment on them. After that the spiked belt is gently lowered to the floor. 



Aurelia yelps as the clamps are removed after so many hours on her nipples. As the blood floods back her crushed nerves, the pain is incredible. Moreover, every move of her body makes her bowels to ache and makes her sick. As they put her on the floor, she cannot help but puking water on her chin and breasts. She is exhausted and her limbs are so cramped that she can hardly move them, even though they are not held taut any more. 



Henry goes to one part of the chamber, returning with an iron bar, about one and a half meters long, it has 5 circles along it, one on the center, two smaller at the extremes and the smallest two in the middle between the other circles. The circle on the center is opened and placed around her neck, closed and padlocked. Then the hands of the maid are untied one at a time, and placed in the small circles at the mid distance of each side of the bar. Finally her feet are untied, and with some effort and the help of one of the guards, they are pushed back and away, to be placed inside the holes at each end of the bar. All the holes of the bar are closed and locked. The position leaving her both wide open, and putting a great pressure on her bloated stomach. 



Aurelia is bent in half at the waist, putting extreme pressure on her bloated belly and over-full bladder. It seems that the urethra plug should be about to burst like a Champagne cork. But it holds well in her burning pee hole. Her legs are spread very wide, making her crotch widely spread, her nether lips parted and her sex gaping under the bush of her pubic hair. Water kept trickling from her anus, which was clearly visible between her spread buttocks. In this position, she was totally helpless. She could neither crawl nor even turn or roll. Only her toes and fingers could wiggle freely. Framed by the wide V of her legs, protruded her swelled belly and her firm breasts. 



A pair of guards lifts the bar from each end, taking her out of the chamber and to the hall. She grunts and moans her full weight is hanging by the five shackles holding her limbs and neck. She pukes more water and coughs as she tries to recover her breath. As they walk, she feels her heavy belly swinging from side to side. More pressure is applied on her bladder, making her crazy with peeing urge. The torturer opens the door of a cell and they put her inside on the floor. Then they exit and the door is closed. 



The first thing that strikes her as they close the door, leaving her lying on her back, is the staunch smell filling the air. A stinking mix of stale water, old urine and human sweat. The air is so thick with this stench that at first she can barely breathe. 



The cell seems to be very large, it's so dark that she can't see where it ends. There are noises, as if this cell was holding other prisoners. They slowly crawl away from their corners, about five men, they all eager to see what is in the entrance of the cell. The time with no contact with women only exceeded by the time with no contact with soap and clean water. They are incredibly filthy. In the feeble light, their oily skin is glistening. Their faces are covered with long beards. Who knows how long they have been held prisoner in this place, waiting for an improbable trial. They are mostly naked, the stronger among them wrapping their loins with some filthy piece of shreds. Their neck are locked into heavy, thick, iron shackles. Their wrists are shackled and chained to their collar at a length that does not allow them to get their hands lower than their pectorals. Their ankles too are shackled, with a 30-centimetre chain linking them. Ten pairs of lusty eyes are coveting Aurelia's helpless, widely-spread body. They all show gigantic erections. With their hands chained so short, they are even unable to masturbate. 



"Maybe if you ask them nicely you can convince them to remove the cork in your piss hole!" taunts the guard posted on at the cell door.&nbsp; 



Aurelia shivers as she sees the prisoners crawling toward her, their eyes seeming to glow in the low light. "Please!" she begs. "Help me! I have been tortured. I feel so weak. My whole body is aching and I badly need to piss. Please, for God's sake, help me!" 



"I can give you the release you need, but first you have to give us the release we crave" 



They all get closer to the defenceless maid. 



"Open that mouth of yours, if any feels any teeth, you stay as you are"



Aurelia looks around herself, hoping to find a friendly face. But she only meets avid stares, focused not on her eyes but on her breasts and her crotch. And not only their eyes, but also their cocks all point in the same direction. As they are surrounding her at close quarter, their stench is even stronger. Sweat, urine, old sperm... The mix is disgusting. Their cocks are already drooling in anticipation.



"Please, don't!" she pleads.





The one that talked seemed to be the leader among them, so nobody complained when he took the first turn at satisfying his need on the helpless body. Even in his previous life before being imprisoned, he never had a chance of enjoying the delights of such a beautiful woman. He penetrated her vagina, the pressure causing some more water to come out of her anus. Months of desire concentrated in a few seconds, so much that he ejaculated rather quickly and stepped aside, letting all the others have a go at the unexpected prize.



Aurelia's sex is as dry as the rest of her body is soaked. The hasty penetration stretches her unprepared tissues, making her moan in pain. A few thrust and she feel the hot sperm spurting inside her. She screams in protest and asks for help. But no help is to be expected. At the sight of the quick rape, one of men cannot control himself any more. His dart bursts and spurts long shots of acrid sperm on the poor, girl's chest. Disgusted, she feels the hot liquor landing on her breasts as all the other men laugh at her plight.





During their stay in prison some of them had become accustomed to sodomy, and couldn't find a reason to change that use even when having a wide open vagina before them. A soon as the leader crawled backwards, another man took his place. Willing to rape an untouched hole, her darted for Aurelia's anus. Once again, the poor girl felt her intimacy violated and her inner walls torn to let passage to a rapist's mast of flesh. This one stayed a little longer than the first, just enough to completely ravage her behind. When he shot his load, he pulled out and soaked her belly with it, encouraged by his cell mates.



Aurelia was aghast and she screamed in agony and terror. Opened as she was, she stood no chance to protect herself. Her crotch was totally and entirely available to all attacks. The other men followed in the steps lubricated by their two mates, continuing to grind Aurelia's delicate tissues. As one of them raped her, the other were busy around her torso, mauling her proud breasts, digging their filthy fingers into the soft flesh.





The leader having had time to recover his vigour, placed his dirty penis in front of her face, probing for her mouth. "Do it good and I let you piss".



He was kneeling behind her, his knees on each side of her head. His half-erect cock was hanging above her face, dripping with sperm on her forehead. She could see the puffy, purple head just a few centimetres above her nose. The stench coming from it was overwhelming. Her eyes were wide open in terror. He spread his knees and almost sat down on her face. Hist hairy, sweaty, filthy testicles rested on her nose. His stinking butt sat on her eyes and cheeks, blinding her in his hairy buttocks. She gasped and felt the disgusting head pressing against her lip. It parted them and pushed deeper into her mouth. The taste was horrible. She retched and coughed but he did not care. He pushed deeper. His cock was swelling fast, taking all the room in her mouth, pressing against the back of her throat. He humped her face brutally, bouncing his hairy balls against the face. Once again he could not control himself for very long. Two minutes later he exploded into her mouth, shooting his sperm into her. The sperm bubbled around her shaft, spilling over from the corners of her mouth and from her nostrils. As he pulled out, his cock linked to her lips by a long, parabolic thread, she coughed and puked a sticky gooey on her upper chest.



Finally, he burrowed his filthy fingers into her slit, seized the thin cork and pulled it out brutally, ripping a howl of agony from Aurelia's coarse throat. Immediately, a strong stream of clear urine began to spurt from her over-pressured bladder. The pee flowed for two full minutes, adding to the general stench of the cell.





The prisoners returned several times to her, not knowing when they would have another opportunity like that in the rest of their lives. For hours they took turn molesting and raping her. Their turn took longer and longer as their lust was exhausted. The humping, and banging and grinding got longer and more painful.





A pair of guards entered the cell, by instructions of Henry, to make sure the plug had been removed, and while one kept and eye on the prisoners, the other took also in the delights of the maid, then changed turns, and finally left the cell again, the prisoners now free to ravish every hole. They didn't even bothered when she kept pissing and evacuating water all the time. 



She was awoken several times by the smelly men, spending every ounce of stamina in making the most out of the situation,&nbsp; life had been hard on them, and they were compensating for several years of suffering. 

Day 2, 6:00 am 

It was impossible for her to tell the time, as she had never been left to sleep more than an hour straight, when she was awoken not by some man wanting his pleasure, but by a pair of guards. Her body was covered under a thick layer of sperm. It was soaking her hair, layering on her skin and dripping from every hole. Her stomach was sick from having swallowed so much of it. The guards emptied two buckets of water over her, water that joined all that had been expelled from her body during the night on the smelly ground of the cell. They took the bar holding her in that uncomfortable position, and carried her, down the stairs, back to the chamber, into the waiting hands of her tormentor.&nbsp; 



As they carried her to the torture chamber, she left a trail of water mixed with the sperm of her cell mates. Her appearance had much changed. Her hair was soaked with water and soiled with sperm. The matted, auburn curls were sticking to her face and shoulder. Her eyes were shallow and reddened from the lack of sleep, her limbs were coursed with agonising cramps, threads of cum were hanging from her mouth, from her pussy and from her gaping anus. Gone was the formerly proud Aurelia. But in spite of her destroyed appearance, the flame of courage and rebellion still burned strong and hot in her heart as she readied herself for a new torture session. 



"I hope you had a good night's rest, because unless you want to tell us about the rebels, we have a very long day ahead". 



Aurelia was carried to a part of the chamber dominated by a big heavy chair, most of it made of metal, and upon closer examination, all the surface of the back and seat covered with spikes. She was put on the floor in front of the chair, letting her have a good look at it, while the restraints encasing her legs where undone. 



As he long-restrained legs were freed, she immediately moaned in pain as flood circulated again normally in her cramped muscles and nerves. Her spine, which had been bent and resting on a hard floor for long hours also exploded in pain as it unfolded itself. For a moment, she was totally unable to use her legs and the guards had to carry her. 



She was forced to stand and turn, then made to sit on the chair, a metal bar placed above her thighs was fixed into place, also another hinged metal piece was fixed across her abdomen, forcing her back against the chair, and all the spikes in there, reopening the wounds of the previous session. Aurelie gasped in agony as the spikes ground into the flesh of her back, butt and under-thighs. But the relief of being released from the contorted posture she had suffered for hours was her strongest emotion. 



A leather strap was passed under her arms and over her breast, and finally a strap across her forehead forced her head against the top part of the chair, mercifully that part didn't contain any spikes and was instead made of wood. 



The bar that was still attached to her neck was removed, and so her arms, who where quickly tied to the arms of the chair, her palms made to lie flat on the end of the arms rests. That part of the chair had a metal part with indentations for each finger and two threaded holes at each side. 



The purpose of them became clear when a metal plate with a pair of screws was placed over her left hand, and as the screws when put inside the threaded holes and turned, it became clear that this was a vise. At the moment he just turned it with little pressure, so she couldn't even move her fingers, but the vise could go down much, much more. The other hand was secured in a similar fashion. 



Aurelia was following the preparation as from another world. Her lack of sleep and the pain that slowly leaving her sore nerves were putting her in a state of oblivion, although, back in her mind, she perceived the pain potential of the device she was being strapped to. Anyway, she relished these seconds of rest, gathering energy for what was to come. 



There was still one part of her body that wasn't heavily restrained, but not for long: A pair of wooden stocks where pushed in front of the chair, and her feet fixed in the pair of holes, holding her legs horizontally and slightly apart. 



"You already know what we want, so I won't keep asking, I just go on with my work, by midday the Regent will come to see if you are more talkative, I think by then you will be willing to tell&nbsp; us everything". 



He talked with one of the guards giving him something, and then went to the brazier, restocking the coals and making sure they were red hot, meanwhile that guard went in front of the chair, a cane in hand. He started landing blows on the exposed soles of her feet. With great strength he alternated hitting one and then the other. 



Aurelia yelped and jerked in her tight restraints with each new blow. The guard was caning her soles very methodically, criss-crossing them with red lines, as if they were steaks put on a grill. With each blow, Aurelia yanked on her legs, bumping her ankles bones against the stocks wood and grinding her bottom on the spiked seat. She arched her torso as much as the straps and steel band allowed her. Of course this was to no avail. She could only twist and wiggle her feet, hoping to break the aim of the cane. 



By chance, Aurelia's soles were not too sensitive. She was used to walk barefoot in the forest along with the other rebels when they were ambushing or hunting. At some point though, as she wiggled her feet wildly, the cane landed on her right toe thumb, sending an incredible wave of pain up her legs and making her howl a strident screech. 



After some more blows, the torturer told him to stop, and instead he started applying grease to them. 



"Good, I want them sensitive and tender for the next part" 



The torturer came back with a pair of iron objects, a pair of boots made of very thick metal, the sole of those boots about 10 centimeters thick. He put her feet in them, and with a series of screws adjusted them so they fitted her foot size. 



The boots were very uncomfortable and very heavy. She wondered if she would be able to walk in them. With her soles heavily beaten, it would already have been difficult but with those shoes... 



"Now we begin" 

Day 2, 6:30 am 

He brought the girl on the chair a jar and let her drink from it, it contained water and sugar, to make sure she didn't dehydrate and to give her some strength as she had not been fed since her capture. 



Aurelia drank avidly, more to wash her awfully tasting mouth than to satisfy thirst or hunger. Curiously, all the sperm she had been forced to swallow was somehow nourishing her. The sugar water was very welcome though as it reinvigorated her body. 



Then the torturer returned to the brazier, and using some pincers, carried a pair of red hot coals, that he put inside the metal boot, on a hollow space on the sole for that purpose. The same was done with the other foot.&nbsp; 



At first nothing seemed to happen, then the boot started getting warmer and warmer, but that's not the only thing that happened, the metal on the inside of the boot was of a different kind that the one on the outside, the heat of the coals caused it to expand more than the outer part of the boot, the only way to expand was on the inside, compressing everything else in the boot. And that was still not all the cruelty contained in that device, for the expansion of the metal also pushed out some small spikes until now hidden, they covered both the top and bottom of the foot, from heel to toe. The heat was also getting greater each passing second. 



As the heat increased inside the evil shoes, Aurelia felt first her feet begin to sweat profusely in the tight space. The warmth kept increasing, turning to slight burning. She also felt the sneaky little nails beginning to push against her skin, causing some discomfort. The soles of her feet, which had been thoroughly tenderized by the caning, began to hurt first. Aurelia began to moan and pull on her trapped legs, to no avail. As the heat increased, the grease began to boil and her feet to blister. The tiny nails had now pierced the skin and were now grinding against her very bones. To Aurelia, the pain coming from the piercing of her flesh was far worse than the heat itself. She was screaming and shaking her feet violently. But however powerfully she struggled, there was no way she could get rid of the tightly screwed steel boots. 



Henry let the iron boots do their grisly work, and instead prepared everything to attack on another front. A strange iron contraption,&nbsp; like two cones side by side was brought forward, and when it was fixed to the chair's back in front of her chest it became apparent it resembled a bra, only one taken out of a nightmare. It had a screw along the axis, connected to a clamp in the inside. Clamps which were attached to her nipples. Then the bra was pushed against her chest, and fixed tightly around the back of the chair. Aurelia, who was by now sweating like a fountain and moaning continuously, shivered at the touch of the icy steel against her panting chest. When the clamps bit on her tender nipples, she yelped. 



With one hand on each screw, he slowly started turning them, pulling her breast away from her body by the nipples, her flesh taking the form of the cones. The cones were, like everything else in contact with her body, filled with small spikes on the inside, also there were several small orifices in them, and they were thick and heavy. He stopped turning the screws only when they wouldn't go any further, the nipples having reached the apex of the cone, and all her flesh both pulled and compressed. 



The cones were too small for her generous breasts and their flesh was tightly packed inside the cups. Her nipples and aureole were stretched in a most painful position. However, it was the piercing of her breast flesh that scared most Aurelia who desperately struggled against her restraints to shake her head and chest. To no avail. She just managed to grind her soft skin against her seat's spikes. 



He went for another pair of coals, this ones smaller than the ones on the boots, opened a tray on the underside of each of the bra cups, and put them inside. They must have been the same boutique that made the boots, because in this case too, the inside expanded more than the outside. 



Soon, the heat in her steel bra had reached the same level than that in her boots. Her tender flesh was punctured in uncountable places and her skin was beginning to blister. Now Aurelia knew that her beauty was severely altered. Would her lover be proud of her resistance or would he be horrified by her scars? As her feet and breasts were slowly roasted and punctured, Aurelia tried to keep her mind centred on her lover and the rebels, trying to get courage to resist from these images. 

7:10 am 

Not allowing her to concentrate and wanting to attack on yet another part of her body he went back to the brazier and started working on filling a big tray with several coals, and with the help of some pincers,brought it close to the chair.



Meanwhile, although the coals were slowly cooling in her steel shoes and bra, the heat was still high enough to torture the poor Aurelia. In particular, her blistered skin was now very sensitive to even the smallest amount of heat, and the short nails kept grinding into her softened flesh.





The torturer then knelt beside the chair, and pulled a little lever at the side. The seat of the chair was in fact made of three plaques covered with spikes that could be detached. He removed the middle one. He went to the cabinet and returned with another metal piece to fill there, but this one didn't have the form of a plaque, instead it was curved, ending in a tall cone with a rounded tip, the base of the cone was about ten cm. in diameter, it had several small orifices along the surface, and it was hollow. He started greasing it in front of her, letting her imagination work on deducting the way it would be used. 



He placed it under the chair, making sure the top of the cone was directly under her anus. The lever gave him the force he needed to slowly start pushing it up, the strength of the bindings made sure she would not just rise, but instead be penetrated by the hollow device. With little effort this part of the chair was finally in place, at least it wasn't covered with spikes like the other seat sections at left and right of it.



Aurelia felt the cold cone pressing against her anus. Its entrance was still raw from the many rapes she had suffered the night before. In spite of all her efforts, the wounded sphincter could not resist more than a few seconds to the relentless pressure. The steel penetrated her anus, forcing its way, stretching it farther and farther as the cone diameter increased. Aurelia gritted her teeth and moaned as she felt both pain and humiliation at the outrageous attack. Once the cone was entirely inside, her anus was stretched 10-centimetre wide and wounded beyond repair. She doubted she would ever be able to close it again. Still the pain was not so high as the one caused by the tiny nails biting onto her tightly compressed breasts.





Finally he pushed the tray under the metal seat of the chair, the hollow cone working as a chimney for the hot air, it climbed up to exit by all the small orifices. The air was not the only thing heated by the coals, after some time the metal of the seat started getting warmer. Mercifully the coals on the boots where dying by now. 



He just watched her for a while, studying the patient, wondering where to attack next.



As the cone heated up, the pain in her stretched rectum increased proportionally. An atrocious smell of burned flesh and hair came to her flaring nostrils. She moaned and tried desperately to evade the intruder. But it was not possible and she had to remain suffering the triple burning of her flesh.



&nbsp; 

After some time, he placed a table right beside the chair, on the table were several needles of different sizes, slowly arranging them, he wanted her to have a good look at them.



At their sight, Aurelia felt her hair stand up on her head. They were so long, so thick. They could only mean one thing: deep piercing. She began to tremble uncontrollably.





He grabbed a long one, and put it facing down at the top of one of the small holes of the cone encasing her left breast, their purpose now revealed. Slowly he applied pressure to the needle, piercing the immobilized flesh, more and more, the point travelling all the way until it exited through a hole on the bottom, with a few drops of blood that dripped on her thighs. Six such holes could be seen on the top of each cone, matching the eleven long nails still sitting on the table. 



As soon as the long needle approached her breast, Aurelia felt panic obscuring her mind. She began powerfully to yank on her restraints, her muscles bulging under her oily skin, the straps and shackles digging into her flesh. The chair squealed under her frantic but vain efforts. As the needle punctured her skin, she howled to the top of her lungs and her screams increased in volume as the needle slowly travelled through her glands, causing inhuman agony. Her torso was so tightly maintained against the nails of the seat that she could do nothing but look at the needle slowly disappearing into her very breast. Blue veins swelled on neck and temples and her eyes were bulging. The transfixing pain traversing her boob seemed to radiate pain through her whole torso.





Satisfied with the reaction, he took another needle, and did the same to the other breast. 

Ten more needles on the table, ten more opportunities to cause her such agony, the next hole was a little to the left of the first one, he pushed the needle, making it pass to the center of her nerve rich flesh, and exit the other side, a little to the right of the first one, his skill and practice apparent as he got the angle correctly so the needle exits the metal bra exactly on the opposite side. 

Then on that same breast he put one horizontally from left to right.



As the needles were slowly pushed through her breasts, the pain grew to incredible levels in Aurelia's breasts. She could not believe so much pain was possible. She was screaming with all the power of her lungs, her voice turning coarse in the process. The horizontal needle caused even more pain than the other needles and sent her voice pitching to unheard-of heights.





And proceeded to the other breast, always taking his time and letting her savour the pain of each insertion. 



Then her left breast was skewered on the other diagonal, followed by it's twin. 



Only two needles were left, he grabbed one of them, moved it towards her left breast, but this time perpendicular to her body, along the axis of the cone. In fact the length of the needle was exactly the height of the cone so it couldn't go deeper inside and risk puncturing a vital organ. 

He put it through a little hole next to the screw, the tip of the needle touching between the clamped nipple an aureole, and started pushing, slowly, until the tip of the needle was stopped by a rib. 



He finally pushed the remaining needle in a similar fashion on the right side, only this time he managed to catch more of the nipple in its way inside her glands. 



Aurelia looked down at her cone-covered breasts. They looked like pin cushions with all these needles protruding from them. Every breath was making her chest to move slightly, causing the needles to grind into her glands, causing even more suffering. Aurelia was now crying openly, tears rolling down her cheeks.



8:40 am 

He removed the coals from under the chair, and went to drink some water himself, satisfied with the result so far, he gave the woman some more sugared water. Although Aurelia welcomed the water as she was pretty much dehydrated by her abundant sweating she had some difficulty to swallow it as throbbing pain in her breasts caused her to cough and scream continuously. 



The coals were cooling, relieving the pain coming from her multiple burns, but the agony caused by the needles remained horribly alive, launching darts of pain in response to the smallest twitch in her torso. Breathing had become extremely painful and she was panting with frequent and as shallow as possible gasps. She could not believe so much pain was possible. 



After about 20 minutes of just watching her cry, he returned to the table besides the chair, grabbed another needle, this one small, about 5 cm long, put it in front of the middle finger of her left hand, between the flesh and the nail, and started pushing. 



Aurelia's eyes grew wide in terror and then clenched tight in agony as the needle slowly penetrated through the sensitive space between flesh and nail. She tried to move her finger but it was securely held against the arm rest and she was unable to do anything to protect herself.&nbsp; 



Then he grabbed another needle, and pushed it on the same finger. The second needle was even worse than the first and seemed to lift the nail slightly, as if it was going to rip it of her nail. 



One by one, from the index to the little finger, each of her fingers was decorated with two needles under the nail. The pain was incredible, but still, it seemed light compared to the pain radiating from her pierced breasts and particular from the horizontal needles pushed through them. In a very curious way, the pain throbbing in her fingers, almost seemed to distract the hapless maid from the pain she felt in her chest. Almost but not completely, and the combined pain was beginning to feed on her vital energy. 



At least there were no more needles on the table, but it seemed the work on her hands was not over yet. A turn of a wheel started making the metal indentation where her fingers were placed to raise under her fingertips. The effect was to slowly bend her fingers in the opposite direction, the joints forced to do what they were not designed to. 



Aurelia gasped at this new outrage. The cruelty of the torturer was beyond anything she could have imagined. She screamed and begged and moaned as her fingers were relentlessly bent backward but no amount of pleading could find its way into the armoured heart of the nasty man. She began to feel her finger joints creaking, her bones grinding against each others. She screamed and protested, sending more pain in her raw breasts as her chest was expanding and the needles moved insight her boobs. Suddenly, there was an audible crack and she felt a lightning of pain in her fingers. And then she could feel no more resistance in her hand. The acute pain subsided immediately, replaced by a dull ache. With horror, she realised her fingers had just been broken at their roots. She felt her heart tightening inside her throbbing chest and she passed out. Her body was so well fastened that except for her sudden lack of responsiveness, and her closed eyes, her body did not change its position. 

10:20 am 

The boots were removed from her feet, then the stocks opened and the torturer shackled her feet together with a short chain. Then the bar over her thighs was lifted. The vices and restrains holding her hands fixed to the chair were also removed. The metal bra was untied from the back of the chair, the clamp on&nbsp; her nipples plus all the needles seemed to hold the heavy device in place. 



All the other straps holding her back and head to the chair were undone, and with the help of one of the guards she was lifted from the cone. With the heat, some of the tissues of her rectum had stuck to the metal intruder, and when it was pulled out, it caused some of it to tear. 



She was placed face up on a table, Henry gave a good inspection to her body, ready to treat any serious wound, but he was satisfied to see that while there had been a lot of pain, it had come with very little damage to her body. He would be able to continue working on her non-stop until the night if needed. 



He produced a pair of wooden poles, about two meters long, and placed them besides the naked maid. One of them was put on her left side, parallel to her body, and tied to the ankle and knee. The same was done to the right side. Then back to the left side, the pole was raised and moved upwards, still parallel to the floor, pulling her leg making it look as if she was sitting, the helpful guard held it in place while the interrogator raised her arms perpendicular to her body and tied the elbow to the post. He then bent her arm at the elbow towards her head and tied also the wrist to the pole. Having done the same with the other arm, and unshackled her legs,&nbsp; he splashed her with water, wanting her to be completely conscious and aware of what was being done to her. 



Aurelia awoke with a spasm. She blinked her eyes and, as the pain crashed on her brain again, the situation she was in came back to her memories. She looked around her and saw that she was somehow on all fours, except that she was resting on her back instead of squatting on her hands and knees. She lifted her head and examined her aching body. Her feet were in really bad shape. They were covered with blisters, some of which having burst. Their red skin was punctured by dozen of tiny wounds. Obviously, there would be some time before she could walk normally, but there was no life-threatening wound. Her fingers were adorned with their pairs of needles. But it was to her breasts that her anguished eyes directed most of their attention. Under their conical cups, they could not be seen but she was still feeling pain pulsating in them. However, it seemed that one could get used to even so cruel a torture. Or more probably, the tissues had begun to heal inside her breasts, adapting to the intruders traversing them through and through. 



Two other poles were brought forward, these shorter, about 1.5 meters. Again with the help of the guard, who was getting more and more involved in the work done in this chamber, they separated the poles, each to its side, until they were resting on the table. 



With some effort, the torturer managed to push one of the shorter poles across, over the left long pole , then under her buttocks, and finally over the right pole. Tying them firmly in place, her body forming a painful split, her thighs forming a straight line from one knee to the other. The other pole was placed in a similar way, across her back, at the height of her pained breasts. 



Then he pulled both long poles by the end were her feet were, until her crotch was just over the edge of the table. 



He took a stool and a small table and put them between her legs, several instruments placed on the table, and he took a seat, ready to resume his work. 



Aurelia was now lying on her back, looking like a spider flattened on the table. The joints of her thighs were strained painfully but she had no way to pull them together. She was panting feeling the weight of the steel cone resting on her chest.





He put his hand on the mons, grabbed a couple of hairs, an pulled them out. Then applied&nbsp; some sort of cream, and using a sharp knife started shaving all her pubic hair. Putting hist fingers inside and pulling out her outer lips to remove the hair on all the parts so widely exposed before him. As he touched her inner lips in the process, Aurelia could not suppress a spasm. Then he rubbed some alcohol on the recently shaved area. At least that would remove all the parasites that she could have contracted with last night's contact with her cell mates. The alcohol burned like hell and she moaned in pain, humping her hips and banging her buttocks against the transverse pole. 

10:40 am 

The preparations were finally done, and now the torture could continue. He took her outer labia with his hand, and spread it apart, with the use of a needle he fixed her left lip to the thigh, followed quickly by the right one. Her feminine flesh open like the petals of a delicate flower. Two more needles on each side were used to hold them firmly in place. As he worked on her most delicate area, Aurelia began to moan and yelp, shaking her head from side to side, struggling desperately to close her stretched thighs and protect her pussy. This extreme position, along with her pinned outer lips, made her pussy totally, obscenely available. Her vagina was gaping, still oozing the sperm of her cell mates. Her rosy inner lips were opened around it, fleshy and delicate.





He carried a small tray of coals, placing it on the table, and used it to heat a few needles. With he help of some small pincers, he grabbed one of those needles and pushed it on the rim of her vagina. Followed by another. Aurelia screamed to the top of her lungs as the red hot needle sizzled into her tender vagina, causing intense agony. The pain was very sharp and high, but it was also of very short duration as the needle quickly burned the pain receptors of her dermis.





The regent must be waking up by now, he would be here soon and the torturer hoped that by then the victim would be nearly broken. 



More needles were pushed around the crotch area, the inner lips, the perineum. A pair on the already badly damaged anus. Aurelia could not stop herself from screaming inhuman cries that were echoing between the sinister walls of the chamber. Her crotch was slowly transformed into a pin-cushion. It was covered with the round needle heads, each indicating that a length of still was buried under it, right into her delicate flesh and nerves. Her screams turned to unbearable screeches as he pierced her fleshy inner lips. At this point, her eyes bulged out, and her face was deformed in a hideous mask of pure agony.





Each time getting closer to the center, he placed a needle on each side of the clitoris, holding the hood open, revealing that little piece of flesh that could bring both great pleasure or incredible pain. Sadly for her, he didn't have any intention of pleasing her as he drove the red hot needle in it. 



This last attack was too much to the poor girl. The flash of pure agony, mixed to what had already accumulated in her crotch area, made her clench her muscles to the maximum. Her muscles bulged incredibly, the ropes dug into her limbs, the poles whined under her forceful exertions, and then her body fell back, limp, unconscious.



11:10 am 

He left her there for a few minutes; the chamber felt different without the sound of her screams. But it was at that time that he heard the Regent approaching, so he splashed a bucket of water on her so that the Regent would be greeted by the sight and sound of her agony. 



He was giving her more to drink when the chamber of the door was opened. The Lord seemed pleased by what he saw at the centre of the chamber, and took a seat to watch Henry's expert hands do his methodical work in extracting information from unwilling subjects.



As Aurelia came back to her senses, her breasts and pussy reminded her cruelly what she was doing here and she moaned in agony. Seeing the Regent looking at her, she moaned: "Please, my Lord, I confess that the rebels did pay me to give them information about the castle and its inhabitants, but I am not part of them and I don't know anything about them. My only contact was Marie. Please, I'm deeply regretting what I have done, have pity!"



"Good to see some progress has been made, now only tell us the details of the attack and the pain will stop, or remain silent and it will get worse, Henry is a very talented man, believe me you don't want me to tell him to use more severe methods". 





"Please, you must believe me. I have no idea of this attack. I would tell you if I knew. I can't take more pain. Please, I told you everything I knew!" pleaded Aurelia, anxious to escape further torture. 



But her captors were not convinced and decided to continue the interrogation. There were still more places in her flesh that could house some needles. The torturer sat on the stool between her legs, but instead of focusing on the crotch, he went to a side, to her right foot. It was not as restrained as her hands had been on the chair, but by grabbing the foot with one hand, he managed to push a needle into the small toe, between the flesh and nail. The nails being smaller, he just used a single nail on each, and for the moment left the big toe untouched before going for the other foot. 



Aurelia screamed her agony and lifted her head, trying to see what was going on. She was frantically trying to tear her feet from the torturer's strong hand. To no avail as nail after nail got its needle.





Before proceeding to work on the big toe, he tied a rope around it, and pulled backwards to tie the other end of the rope on the post holding her limbs apart. Aurelia gasped as the thin rope was coiled around her big toe. When it tightened and was pulled backward, the pressure increased on the soft skin if the toe's neck. Aurelia began again to struggle like a panther, pulling on the ropes with all her strength. Her toe was nevertheless relentless and irrevocably pulled backwards and strangled, until her foot could not move at all. She kept squirming and screaming as the twine dug and bit deeper into the soft flesh around her toe.





This toe bondage was to make the torturer's job easier, so she wouldn't be moving her toe when he inserted one heated needle, followed by a second one, and later a third, under the approving look of the Regent. Aurelia was so much panicking and contorting from the toe strangling it was almost as if she did not feel the needles pushed under her nail. But her screams were already so loud that it was difficult to imagine they could get stronger.





After giving her a few minutes to savour the pain, the torturer repeated the same procedure on the other toe, he liked the fact that some sensitive parts of the human body came in pairs, you can work on one side, and leave the victim fearing what it would be like when repeated on the other side. The binding of her right big toe renewed Aurelia's anguished screams. She was squirming on the poles, bumping her butt against the coarse wood, making her cone-covered breasts to swing madly on her heaving chest.





He had been working for almost six hours now, but he wanted to go on, to try to break her before meal time. He removed the stool and table, and instead went for a short whip, her body a big canvas ready to be painted with his master strokes. The lashes landed on her thighs, one side, then the other, so deliciously exposed. Then her torso received some blows at the unprotected sides, the abdomen. Then back to the thighs again, closer to the centre, then her abdomen, going downwards to her mons, like tracing a spiral whose end everyone in the chamber could guess perfectly but one in the chamber wished had guessed wrong. Then it landed on the place where her outer labia was held to the thigh, hitting flesh that was only used to gentle caress. He seemed to be using the head of the needles as a target, the lashes both burning the skin and pushing the needles deeper. With the sex so widely open, it was not difficult for him to land lashes on the inner parts of her vagina. He continued his assault, avoiding for the moment her clitoris because he suspected it would cause her to faint.



Red welt after red welt formed on her tautly stretched body. Her skin was soon criss-crossed with them. She was reacting faintly, yelping when the whip landed on a particularly sensitive spot, shaking her head from side to side. But to the torturer's experienced eye, it was obvious this was going nowhere. He had applied his whip to countless girls, and they usually danced a very different pace. Maybe this one was already suffering too much and was not receptive any more? Or maybe her skin was particularly strong or insensitive?





Finally he landed several lashed directly to that nub of flesh, one quickly followed by the other, trying to make her suffer the most as long as she remained awake. 



Aurelia bucked forcefully in her bonds, strangling her own flesh as she yanked on her limbs. Her crotch was so much stretched that it had no protection to offer. Aurelia's pierced clit was standing plainly in the middle of its pinned-down hood. The precise lashes of the whip landed on it hard and sharp. Each one extracted a stronger scream from the prisoner. The third one made her pass out. This time however, no amount of water, however cold, could revive her before two hours had passed. She really seemed to have been stretched to the limits of her strength.





Henry removed all the needles from her body and also released the clamps holding her nipples, as he removed the bra, her breasts seemed bigger than the previous day, and were of a purplish color. Some ointment was applied to her wounds, and then&nbsp; she was left to rest in that position while the others went to eat something. 

3:00 pm 

The Regent was a little disappointed of having just seen a small part of her torment this day and wanted Henry to continue, but the latter convinced him of letting her regain a little more strength or risk losing her. He even would start tomorrow session a little later so the Lord could enjoy a good show. 



With 'letting her rest' of course he didn't mean a comfortable bed. She was splashed with water several times to make sure she was well awake. She came back to her senses, coughing and chilling under the icy shower. She felt better now that she had got some rest. She looked down at her body, which had been freed from all its painful implements. The appearance of her breasts scared her. They seemed to have doubled volume, where covered with blisters and puncture marks. She doubted they would ever regain the beautiful globes that had made her proud. She sobbed, realising how she was slowly destroyed by these tortures. 



He released&nbsp; her hands from the poles, and tied them to her sides, at the waist. Then her legs were released, but only so that her knees could be pushed against her chest, and with a rope surrounding both her torso and the back of her legs,tied firmly in place, her legs compressing her aching breasts. 



She was then lowered to the floor, face up, and dragged by her armpits to a wall of the chamber. A crude grate, about 30-cm-high and 50-cm-long&nbsp; was removed from the wall. She was pushed head first inside the cramped hole - it was about 1-metre deep. Her face was just a few centimeters from the ceiling, and her legs were scratching against it as she was squeezed in. It was an interesting sight from the outside, a female crotch as if it was a painting on the wall, an image the Regent would recall tonight while being pleasured by one of his maids. 



Cold, damp walls were pressing into Aurelia's body from all sides. She could not move by once centimetre. Her legs were pressed hard against her chest, causing pain in her over-sensitised breasts and preventing her from breathing at full lung capacity. Very little light was making it to her eyes as her body was obstructing most of the pit's section. Her butt and feet were protruding a little from the hole. 



But Henry wasn't done yet however, a sticky substance was applied to her crotch, pushed inside her anus, and all over her genitals, he stuck two fingers inside her vagina making sure all was covered. It was honey what he had used on her. He completed it by spreading old mashed meat on her crotch and into her holes. Using a brush at the end of a long handle, he spread more of the stinking substance over her chest and face. Such a nasty mix was sure to attract ants, flies, and all the crawlers that were abundant in a dungeon. Finally the grate was replaced; It consisted in a lattice of four-by-four, thick, rusty bars, which had to be forced and pressed into her buttocks and feet before being pinioned in place. This finished to squeeze her in the pit. The torches were removed, leaving her alone and in complete darkness. 



Aurelia's nightmare began. The stench in the pit was awful, coming from the remnants left by its former prisoners and from the meat-honey mix covering her body. It smelled of vomit, urine, sweat and mould. Droplets of stale water dripped slowly from the ceiling on her naked, filthy body. After but 15 minutes, her limbs were already beginning to cramp, and she could not move them at all to relax her sore muscles. 



She began to feel insects crawling on her body. Cockroaches, spiders, bugs, attracted by the foul mix, were gathering in her cramped pit. Their tiny, furry legs were making her skin to itch. Later, their numerous tiny bites began to cause mild pain. After maybe one hour, they were swarming over her helpless body. Her crotch was the main focus of their activity as it had been so generously rubbed with the substance. It was also her most sensitive area. Her sex and anus were still gaping from her former ordeals, oozing cum, and the eager bugs penetrated in the smallest crooks her body offered. Their relentless crawling and biting were driving the poor Aurelia mad. The itching increased as lice and fleas found her body, attracted by its heat and by her breath. 



The time was passing slowly. At first, cramps, itching and pain prevented her from sleeping. But at length, she became so tired that she managed to fall asleep. At some point, she was awoken by an urgent need to pee. She could do nothing else but urinate through the grating, hearing her pee splashing on the floor, to her humiliation. 

9:00 pm 

The light of torches returned to the chamber, the grating was opened, and Henry pushed two fingers inside her vagina and the thumb inside her rectum and used&nbsp; that to drag her out of the hole. Then grabbing her by an ankle, he continued dragging her to another device. This one was a huge wooden horizontal X. At each of the four corners there was a winch. She was made to lie on the X, her hands untied from her sides and fixed each to a rope coming out from the winches. Then her legs were also untied, and pulling on the cramped muscles he tied each ankle to the corresponding rope at the other end. She was now completely spread. He turned the wheels a little, until she was stretched taut, but without much tension. 



Then he splashed her with water several times to remove the stench and remains of dead insects. With the help of a scrub he also cleaned her private orifices, oblivious to the fact that the brushes were also damaging sensitive tissue. He then left her there for the night, with the torches burning so she could spend awake hours looking at all the other devices whose use she hadn't been introduced too. 



Only a guard was left there mounting guard. After about an hour he decided that mounting her would be a better way to spend the night. He knew that they intended to let her sleep for a long time. 



Aurelia was too weak to react as she was lying on the rack, splayed wide open. She was trembling as she looked at all the torture devices surrounding her. How long would she be able to resist. She hoped it would be long enough for her lover and his companions to arrive and save her. But she was feeling her spirit destroyed slowly. This torturer was evil and methodical, pushing her to her limits. She tried to plead, to ask the guard to let her go, but all she collected was another rape of her already raw holes. 

Day 3, 10:00 am 

The door to the torture chamber was opened. The Regent walked around the X rack, admiring the woman. Several welts covered her body caused by the whip, rash where the insects had sunk their fangs. Her proud mounds were purple and swollen. Her face was the only testament to her former beauty, except for the eyes, which were red from the accumulation of tears. 



"You are placed on a very effective device called a rack, I've seen both male and female suffer the whole treatment, It can be applied for several hours, in fact, if you don't tell me everything I want to know about the rebels, I promise that by tomorrow, at this very same hour, you will still be screaming on this very same rack, your limbs popped out of their sockets." 



"I told you all that I knew! I swear!" lamented Aurelia. But he did not even bother to answer. He went to his place in the chamber, and signaled Henry to start today's session. 



Aurelia's limbs had enough time to adjust to the tension during the night. He cranked each limb one more notch, the wheels allowed for very small turns, each turn just moved the rope about one centimeter. Aurelia moaned as she fell her limbs beginning to stretch a little. She clenched her muscles, trying to resist the ropes, but there was nothing to be done. 



He waited a few minutes to let the muscles adjust to the new tension, and then another turn. He constantly checked his victim, his hands touching her muscles and tendons, to learn their resistance. The ropes creaked, and some sounds came out of her body, apart from the screams, her bones being moved and turned to absorb the energy of the pull. 



As the tension increased, so did the pain. Aurelia could hear horrible sounds inside her own body as her joints creaked and groaned. Her skin incredibly taut. Her ribs were pushing against it as if they were going to pierce it. Sweat was pouring out of every pore. She was gritting her teeth to resist the urge to scream. 



His hands touching her shoulders, finding the head of her bones. He now just turned the winches attached to her arms, slowly, until she was on the verge of dislocating. And then stopped, left her there suffering, the machine keeping her in that position. He was arranging some other devices, it was the beauty of the rack, that it not only gave hellish pain to the person tied to it, but also left her open and vulnerable for a variety of torments. 



Time passed slowly. In her position, Aurelia was barely able to breathe. Her diaphragm was taut, her belly sucked in, she breathed in tiny, shallow gasp. Her limbs and spine had slowly gained several centimetres. Her tendons and ligaments were slowly been torn apart, her body busily healing them on the go. This tearing and stretching was very painful, but it also allowed her body to adjust to the traction. 



From time to time, she gasped a plead: "Please, I told you everything. I can't take any more!". 

Day 3, 11:00 am&nbsp; 

It was time to turn the ropes a little more. Time had allowed her limbs to adjust to the tension, so no much damage was done, only pain. 



He then walked between her legs holding a device, it looked like a pear with a&nbsp; handle at the end. He parted her lips and pushed the device inside. He turned the handle just a little, so that the device would not move. Aurelia shivered as the cold device touched her warm sex. As her vagina was well lubricated by her night rape, the pear entered easily but she was anxious about what was to come. 



This pear had a long neck, a lot of it still visible coming out of her vagina. He placed a ring around the neck of the device, the ring was covered with tiny spikes on the inside. He put the ring around the pear, holding her inner vaginal lips between the ring and the pear, and with a screw adjusts the diameter of the ring until her flesh was held firmly in place, the spikes digging into it. As the spikes pierced the flesh of her inner labia, Aurelia's body had a spasm and she moaned in pain, biting her lower lip to stop the scream that was mounting to her throat. Her muscles vibrated as she vainly tried to move her extremely stretched limbs. She lifted her head and peered down her body to look at the dangerous object shoved in her crotch. 



Henry then proceeded to turn the handle, opening the three petals of the pear-shaped device deep inside her vagina. The device started expanding it's bulbous side, filling her private place to the maximum. The flesh inside her being softer than the rim of her vagina, it started going deeper and deeper. It could not go forever though. It was finally stopped when it reached her cervix. He left her there for a few minutes, letting the pain and fear do their work. 



The deeper the pear went, and the wide it grew, the more pressure Aurelia felt on her pierced and clamped labia. Her frail petals of sensitive flesh were almost shadowing the pain that was swelling inside her vagina, whose walls were stretched beyond anything nature had prepared it for. Aurelia was shaking her head from side to side, howling in deep agony. 



He then put his hands again on the screw of the device, and gave it another turn. The device was not able to move anymore inside her, just expand more. The ring moved a little to the narrow side, pulling the trapped flesh with it. Then another turn, pressing on her insides, and expanding the entrance of her vagina, pinching and pulling her sensitive labia. 



As her labia were stretched away from her body, longer and longer, pierced in several places, Aurelia began to get frantic. Her muscles were clenching and unclenching, they trembled, they sweated all the water they had in. The poor maid pushed back her head and screamed to the top of her hapless lungs. 



"Pleeeeeeaaaaaaaaaaaase!!!! Stooooooooooop!!!!" she babbled. "I just now there will be an attack! But I don't now anything about it!!!!". 



Her eyes were bulging out, her mouth was gaping. She was on the verge of passing out. 

Day 3, 12:20 am 

Henry knew he was getting near her breaking point, maybe just a little more. He let the pear alone and went to his cabinet to return with a new device, two in fact, because there were two possible targets to that device. It was simple: two wooden planks joined together with a screw at each end, widely used by carpenters and others workers all around. But these were different, no carpenter would use a vice that had spikes in it. 



Breast torture upon a rack was not something that could be visited on anyone, only women who had been given ample cleavage by mother nature were able to be subjected to this, the stretching making disappear the mounds of the less favored ones. This was a place where the girls that thought they were lucky learnt to view their blessing as a curse. 



He applied the breast press to her left mammary, turning the screw on either side, making the flesh bulge between them, small drops of blood forming on the places where her badly bruised breast were pierced again. Aurelia's screams grew a little as the vice was slowly tightened around her breast. She saw it bulging more and more from between the wooden jaws, getting redder and tauter. Several blisters exploded, letting a yellow juice drip from them. The real pain began as the spikes pierced her skin and ground into her already tenderised flesh. Her screams reached a new level. 



He then proceeded with the right one, meanwhile the left breast was turning red by the constricted blood. Aurelia could not believe how much pain her breasts were producing. The evil little nails were doing their destructive work inside her melons. Compared to the pain they were inflicting, the inner pressure in her bulging breast was almost laughable. 



Henry would have to give her a break soon, he just wanted to add a little more, hoping that it would be what would bring her over the edge. He took a pair of ropes. He tied a rope to a ring set in the bottom plank of the vise, the other end of the rope went down to her foot, and was tied around her big toe. The other rope did the same at the opposite side, he had to hold her foot firmly in order to tie the rope.



As the ropes were tightened around her toes, Aurelia felt panic invading her mind again. She wiggled her feet and toes frantically, trying to escape her destiny. But she stood no chance. Henry was holding her foot tight and he had little difficulty in completing his task. As the slack was taken from the ropes, her feet, then her toes were pulled upwards, arching. Simultaneously, her tortured breasts were pulled down.





After that, Henry took a long rope, tied it to the left rope, and made several loops around the pair of ropes going from breasts to toes. The loops were distributed along the length of the ropes. He finished by letting the rope fall to a side, and attaching a bucket to the end. He placed a heavy rock inside the bucket. It caused the loops to tighten,&nbsp; pulling the ropes going from breast to toe together, increasing greatly the tension on those ropes. Then Henry just stopped to admire his handy work. 



Slowly but relentlessly, the two ropes were being pulled together, increasing the traction on Aurelia's toes. This sent tremendous pain into these, while filling her mind with uncontrollable panic. Her feet and toes were arched painfully. She squirmed as much as the rack was allowing her, that is, not much. Her free toes were wiggling helplessly. The more she squirmed, the more the bucked fell, and the crueler the pull was getting.



Aurelia was shaking her head from side to side, her eyes bulging, saliva drooling from her gasping mouth, trying to bang her skull against the X beams. Her screams were so loud and high pitched that her voice was getting coarse. Her eyes rolled madly and her lips were trembling and crispating.



Day 3, 1:00 pm 

Satisfied that she was really appreciating all his attentions, he decided to grab a poker and heat it on the brazier that always burned in the chamber. He started exploring her body, just touching her, never leaving the poker much time in contact. He started at her side, and went up, to the armpits, then along one arm, leaving ugly red marks all over her body.



Aurelia screamed to the top of her lungs as she felt the burning of her skin. Still, this was just barely distracting her from the terror of having her big toes strangled and pulled up, while her nether lips were stretched by the cruel pear.





He decided it was a good time to make a break, then removed the heavy rock from the bucket and released some of the tension of the pear, not wanting her genitals much damaged. He left the rack as it was however; at the current tension, her health wasn't in danger, although it would take time until she was able to move again. They left her alone, even if she decided to speak, there would be no one to listen to her confession and free her from the pain, she would have to wait for their return.



Aurelia was left with a lighter tension on her toes, but still it was making her suffering. She had the impression that her toes were about to be uprooted from her feet. She was sweating profusely, stretched tight on the rack, unable to move even her toes. The spikes piercing her nether lips were torturing her crotch even with the pear slackened. Time was passing very slowly, incredibly slowly. 

Day 3, 2:40 pm 

Finally the door to the chamber opened, the Regent going back to his seat, not before asking the maid if she have had enough. 



The prisoner was in deep agony indeed, but in the mean time, she had managed to recover some energy as she slowly got accustomed to the pain that was wracking her limbs. Only her toes and labia were still throbbing in pain, and a little from the spikes grinding in her breasts, but even this pain was getting duller.





He decided a change was in order, and slowly released the tension of the rack, until she could be untied, he also removed the vice from her breasts and the awful pear and ring encasing it. Aurelia let out a deep sigh. She had finally won. She had out-lasted their cruelest tortures. She had saved the rebellion! 



But her joy was short-lived. She soon realised that she was just going to be submitted to another kind of torture. She was carried to another table - this one was all made of metal - and made to lie over it. Above the table hanged four pulleys. The rope from one toe was passed over the pulley, tied to a clamp, and the clamp attached to the labia on the same side. It wasn't taut, but forced her leg straight up in the air. The same was done the rope on the other side. As soon as her legs were pulled into the air by her big toes, Aurelia felt scared. The pain was shooting once more down her legs. But her terror really reached unknown levels when the string was connected to her labia. She moaned, endeavouring to keep her legs as straight as possible, so as to get slack in the connecting string and spare her toes and labia some pain. 



Next, a rope was coiled around her left breast, making the flesh bulge, and passed over another pulley and then tied to the thumb of her left hand. The same was repeated on the other side, leaving her lying flat on the table, with her hands and feet pointing up to the ceiling. As the rope was tightened around the base of her breasts, those began to swell and thrust upwards, getting tauter and tauter as the rope dug into her flesh. The rope itself was not causing much pain, but it was awakening the wounds made by the skewers the day before. 



The table was pushed towards her bottom, until the upper part of her body was not supported by it any longer. Its weight was instead supported entirely by her breasts and thumbs. Only her butt was still resting on the edge of the table. Aurelia moaned as her thumbs and breasts got strangled by the strings. As more and more weight were transferred to her breasts, the pain began to grow. To Aurelia, it felt as if her breasts were about to be torn from her ribcage. She shrieked in anguish. 



A small tray of coals was brought and placed under the table on a support specially made for it. After a few minutes the surface of the table was getting hot. The only way for Aurelia to lift herself from the table was by bending her legs, and supporting her weight on her toes and inner lips, her thumbs and her breasts. 



Only after tying her hair in a ponytail, and hanging a rock from it did Henry decided to go take a seat, and watch the girl torment herself. 



Aurelia had never felt so desperate. She was hopping her butt on the sizzling table, trying to save her buttocks from the growing heat. But each hop meant atrocious agony in her toes and labia and made her scream all the air she had in her lungs. Her breasts too were suffering a lot, in particular as she was squirming helplessly, causing great distress in her mammaries and cruelly stretching them upwards. The sensation of dangling in mid-air, of having nothing onto which support herself was deeply distressing her and increased her panic. 



At first, she managed to keep her head straight but after some time, the pull on her scalp and the tiredness of her neck forced to let her head bent backwards, cruelly pulled down. However, this was not what was concerning her. As time passed, the table top was getting hotter and hotter. Odours of burnt flesh were coming to her flaring nostrils. Still she could not resolve herself to lift her hips and be hanging in mid-air. She was hapless, her mouth gaping wide and letting out a continuous howling moan. 



He used one of those times with her mouth wide open to place a gag that didn't left her close her mouth. He grabbed her tongue with a pair of pincers, and pulled it out of her mouth. with a long needle he pierced it from bottom to top. The needle long enough to hold it outside of her mouth. He then used the pincer to press on her ears, pressing and pulling on the lobes. 



As soon as the gag entered her mouth, Aurelia's heart began to beat even harder and stronger. With her mouth forced to gape, she was now unable to even say stop to the torturer. Even if she want to talk, she would not be able to do it. She was trapped, forced to wait for someone to allow her to speak. This fact, even more than the needle that was piercing her tongue, filled her with sheer terror. She was breathing fast and deep, thankful that at least her breathing ability had not been constricted.





The smell of burnt flesh getting stronger, he guessed he had overestimated the victim, thinking she would be able to lift herself off the table. To avoid more damage, he pushed the table some more, this time leaving her hanging in mid-air, with no support for her body other than the ropes. 



Aurelia felt her world shattering when the support of the table was denied her. She was now swinging and squirming at the end of eight thin ropes attached to some of her most sensitive parts. Her toes and labia were particularly painful. Unable to find any rest or relief, she was squirming in mid-air, pulling on her arms and legs, swinging, vainly looking for a position that would not be dreadful. But the more she squirmed, the more agony she was inflicting to herself. 



As a final attempt at finally breaking her will, Henry set to use again some long needles to skewer her constricted breasts. And to crown the session, he goes between her legs, and uses a pair of needles on the elongated labia, and as a final touch, applies a long needle to her clitoris. 



"Noooooooooooo!" did she try to utter with her cruelly stretched and pierced vocal organs. She felt again pain exploding in her chest as the long needles penetrated the ultra-taut flesh of her ballooning, elongating breasts. When the torturer pushed a long skewer horizontally through her burning melons, she had such a violent spasm that she jumped in the air, only to fall back and bounce at the end of the ropes, making the pulleys to creak loudly. Then, from the corner of her eyes, she saw her tormentor reach for her crotch. As soon as she felt the needles piercing her frail labia, which were already clamped, that pain exploded again in her lower belly, sending waves after waves of intense, inhuman agony through her body. She was on the verge of breaking. Anguish was compressing her heart like in a vice grip. She howled a long mad cry and a burst of vomit spurted out of her gaping mouth. Unable to shake to swallow it again, she was about to drown into her own puke, her eyes bulging out and rolling madly, her nostrils flaring desperately to get some air into her vomit-filled lungs. Crazy with pain and anguish, she mercifully passed out, hanging limply from her ropes, bubbles forming over her gaping mouth. 



Would death by suffocation allow her to wretch the Regent's plans? 

Day 3, 4:00 pm 

It's not often that Henry feels fear in this chamber. He is used to causing it in others. But when there is risk of losing an important prisoner, and right in front of the Regent himself, he has to act fast. A mistake now could end both his career, and his life. The first thing was to turn her head around and make her spit all. Then he untied the rock pulling down her hair. Next he unclamped her labia, letting her feet touch the ground. After that he untied her thumbs until she lied flat on the floor, he checked her breathing, and even put his ear down to check her heart. 



She was now in no immediate danger, but any other torture would have to wait until tomorrow. It hadn't been a bad session, he was sure she was almost ready to talk, had she not being coughing so much. 

He extracted all the needles from her body and undid the ropes, applying some cream to her wounds. 



She was half-carried, half-dragged out of the chamber and to the hall with all the cell doors. There was some wooden structure, like a bench about waist level. She was made to lie face down over it, her ankles tied to the rear bench legs, then her wrists tied to the front legs. A metal semicircle was placed around her neck and fixed to the bench, not very tight, but it made her unable to move her head much. 



Then, the door to the cell was opened, and the bench pushed inside. Ten waiting eyes focused on the gift thus displayed.



Aurelia was awoken when she felt a burning in her rectum. She jerked out of her semi-coma and yanked on her new restraints. She blinked her eyes open, just to meet a purple, stinking, turgid cock darting at her face. Before she had time to realise her situation, a thick cock had entered her mouth and her head was being pounded hard. The filthy prisoner was holding her by her hair and was yanking on it to push her face farther on his huge cock. His hairy balls were bouncing against her chin, her nose was smothered in his pubic hair. In the mean time, another prisoner was forcing her raw butt. Aurelia moaned, unable to protect or defend herself. Once the two prisoners had emptied their balls into her, their place was taken by two others. And the double rape continued. Relentlessly, the prisoners took turn to satisfy their lust and all poor Aurelia could do was to swallow and engulf as much sperm as was spurted into her helpless body. Again, this was a very long night to the exhausted, tortured maid. 

Day 4, 8:00 am 

In the morning she was returned to the chamber. In the darkness of the dungeon, the only way to distinguish day form night was the time the torturer returned to do his job. Her body was a mess, covered with oily sperm and oozing the fishy stuff by all her holes. Her formerly perfect body was marred by the countless scars and brands she had collected during the last three days. Her cum-filled eyes could barely see, but despair was swelling in her heart as she knew she was up for another day of inhuman torture. Three days! I just have to resist three more days and my love is going to come and save me from these monsters! But will he recognise me then? Aurelia was thinking as she tried to gather all the courage and energy she had left.&nbsp; 



She was made to lie on the floor, her wrists tied together, her arms are pulled above her head, and then pushed behind her, the elbows touching each other behind her head. A rope was used to hold her elbows joined together, her hands now on her back, pointing down. She moaned desperately as she felt the rope digging deep into the flesh of her wrists and elbows. In this position, her breasts were pulled up and forced to jut forward. The extreme contortion of her arms was putting a lot of stress into her joints. Her arms were probably the last part of her body that was still fully functional and this new bondage was making her fear it would not last long. Once again she yanked on her arms, to no avail. 



Then, a short chain was passed around her back, fixed to the rope holding her wrists. Next Henry produced a very long skewer. She was made to lie flat on the floor with the help of a pair of guard, while the skewer went from a link of the chain on her left side, then penetrated her left breast horizontally, coming out in front of her sternum, only to pierce the other breast exiting her body from the right side of her right breast, passing trough another link of the chain at that side. Aurelia's eyes almost jumped out of their sockets as the skewer transfixed the sensitive flesh of her breasts. The pain was excruciating, stronger than anything she had yet suffered. Planting her heels into the floor, she arched her body and bucked frantically. The two guards had difficulty to pin her down as the torturer was threading the spike in its fleshy sheath. Once they were done, she was left squirming weakly on her back, sobbing and sniffing, her legs and feet uselessly writhing against the cold floor. 



Then, each toe was tied to a thin rope, and pulled up, bending her legs, until they were attached to the chain where it joined the skewer. The rope was tied short, forcing her to separate her knees like a butterfly. This caused even higher shrieks as her feet were drawn to her chest, pulled by their big toes. Simultaneously, the thin rope was pulling on the skewer, increasing the agony she was feeling in her mammaries. Aurelia's heart was beating hard. Her mind was overflown with sheer, original panic. She was desperately trying to resist the urge to tell everything she knew, just to make the pain to subside. But something was still holding inside her. She was not ready to give away all the things she believe in, all the friends she cared for, and the person whom she was in love with. 



Two more chains were attached to her wrists, these ending in a jawed clamp. One went from the wrist, to the left knee, did a loop there, then passed under her back in diagonal until it reached her waist on the right side. Then it was attached to her right labia. The same was done to the other chain, this one pulling her left labia to her left, each chain was adjusted so it was pulled taut. Every movement would bring agony to one or other part of her body. 



As the second clamp was closed on her labia, stretching it to an incredible length, Aurelia had the impression her mind was about to break, to explode, to shatter in a thousand pieces. The scream that escaped her gaping mouth was so strong and so high-pitched that it made the Regent's blood to chill in his veins. After a long, inhuman howl of agony, her drooling mouth trembled and opened. 



"Please... Please... I..." she began. And then she stopped short. Her eyes were rolling, her mouth opened and closed a few times. The look of cold panic left her bulging eyes, replaced by strong resolution again. 



She was lying on the cold floor, trembling, shaking, trying her best not to move a muscle and yank on her labia or her transfixed breasts. She struggled to keep her legs and feet as high as possible to lessen the tension on the breast skewer. She was in so much agony that she would have welcomed death itself. 



Of course, this was just the restraining for the real torture to be visited upon her. The frame with the barrel that had been used some days ago to make her drink vast amounts of water was brought back and placed over her. Then a triangular wooden block was placed under her buttocks and the small of her back, making her lie in a diagonal to the floor. The area going from her anus to the spread-open lips were directly under the spigot of the barrel. She was left there while he heated a bucket of a substance over the coals. 



The wooden wedge was biting into her lumbar bones, adding more pain to her plight. However, by lifting her hips higher than her chest, it helped to keep her feet and toes where they had to be to ensure the less tugging on her breast skewer.&nbsp; 



When the preparations were done, he poured the hot liquid into the barrel, and opened the valve just a little, only a drop every few seconds would drip. It never landed in the same place; sometimes on her anus, sometimes over her spread labia, a lot of times inside her widely exposed vagina, and if she squirmed too much she would be rewarded by a drop on her urethra or clitoris. Then another sensation started, it wasn't just hot water, it had something else, a carefully done concoction of irritants that itched and burned. He took a seat, and waited, and waited more.... 'she will break soon' he mused. 



Each burning drop was extracting a spasm from the cruelly-bound woman. Each spasm made her yank on her labia or on her breasts, or on both, eliciting renewed yelp of pure agony. Her rectum, vagina and urethra were slowly filling with the irritant liquid, giving her the impression that her internal organs had been set on fire. As hard as this new torture was, compared to what she was already feeling&nbsp; it looked almost negligible, almost distracting. 

Day 4, 9:30 am 

The barrel was finally empty, and he decided not to fill it again and instead left the torture chamber. Aurelia was left to suffer in her impossible position, moaning continuously. Her legs were trembling, pulling on her labia and on her skewered breasts. 



He returned about 20 minutes later, carrying a sack. He had got busy in the garden, and had collected a nice collection of plants, most of them thorns, but also some nettles. His hands showed some red spots where he had punctured himself accidentally. He put all the plants on the floor, forming a bed, and with the help of a guard dragged the bonded girl over them, the thorns all over her back and buttocks. Some of the plants had some insects in them, roaming all over the body that was invading their home. 



This new bed hardly increased her agony. Tiny scratches and nettle itching could hardly be noticed compared to the tremendous pain her labia and breasts were producing. She barely felt the ants and spiders crawling on her sweat- and sperm-covered body. She was too occupied fighting the cramps in her legs as she had to keep them high and folded. 



He grabbed some of the thorny branches. And pushed them deep inside her widely exposed vagina. Her rectum was also given some of the plants. In a final act of cruelty, he ignited those branches. Aurelia moaned in agony as they scraped her insides, as the thorns clawed their way up her flesh channels. Desperately, she tried to protect her crotch from these invasions. But the painful yanks on her breasts and labia reminded her that her feet had to remain in place, whatever could happen elsewhere. When the branches were set afire, blisters began to appear on the inside of her thighs. Her pubic hair soon took fire too as she contorted like a worm in deep agony. The flames propagated to the strings attached to her toes and labia, and suddenly they snapped. Aurelia's suddenly freed legs unfolded brutally. She rolled on her belly and extinguished the flames against the floor, still howling to the top of her lungs.



He doused her with water to make sure the burning had stopped, and also to make sure she was fully conscious. She was then dragged to the center of the room, under the evil pulleys. She was turned face down, and her arms freed only to be tied behind her back, wrist to elbow. Then he retied a strong rope to each toe, and passed them over the pulleys, this time each pulley was placed about 2 meters away from each other. When he lifted her, her legs were completely spread. As her weight was progressively lifted by her frail toes, pain began to course again down her legs. As her feet were getting higher and higher, so her legs were spread. Her crotch left the floor and she was now resting only on her breasts. The traction continued, lifting her hips higher, arching her spine backward, putting more pressure on her flattened, skewered breasts, and strangulating her big toes. Finally, her head was hovering a few centimetres above the ground. Her full weight was now only supported by her sensitive toes. She was swinging slowly, screaming in agony. The excruciating pain in her toes was combining to the anguish of being airborne that crushed her heart. Once again, she felt panic growing in her panting chest. 



Small weights were attached to the ends of the skewer that transfixed her breasts from side to side. He didn't want to rip them apart, just to increase her pain a bit. The weights made her breasts to sink a little while causing tremendous agony. Her screams echoes between the damp walls of the torture chamber. She might have passed out if her inverted position was not providing an abundant supply of blood to her panicking brains. 



He retied some ropes to the clamps still firmly attached to her labia, and also let some weight dangle from them. This sent her skyrocketting to new heights of agony. She was contorting her body like a cut worm, screaming and screeching, swinging violently at the end of the ropes strangulating her poor toes. She was calling with all her might the relief of passing out, but her inverted position did not allow her to escape this ultimate agony. 



Then he decided it was a good time to take a break, leaving her in agony. Henry left the room, abandoning the maid in ultimate misery. She was trembling and squirming, swinging in the air, the weights dangling from the skewer and her labia. She was barely able to bear the torture. Her heart was pounding hard inside her heaving chest, sounding as if it was going to burst her ribs apart. Pain was coursing her nerves, blinding her brain with blank agony. She was unable to concentrate on anything else than her own misery. She was on the very verge of breaking down, of revealing everything to the Regent. In a way, it was a good thing they had left or the temptation might have been too strong to resist. A tiny touch would have been sufficient make her swing from heroism to abject treason. Her mouth was gaping wide as she tried to feel her lungs with fresh air, to bring energy to her saturated pain centres. 

Day 4, 12:00 

Henry returned to the chamber after a few moments spent devising a new torture sure to break her, the Regent putting pressure on him. Seldom so many days had passed without him getting results. 



He carried a metallic box and placed it on the floor right next to her, over three wooden supports, about 10 centimeters high, the middle one shaped like an horizontal triangular prism. He lowered her down and untied her hands. As soon as her body was once again resting on the floor, she felt a deep relief soothing her anguish. She was on solid ground once again and it felt as if Mother Earth was feeding fresh energy into her exhausted body. 



She was made to lie down inside the box; the length of the box was almost exactly her length from head to bottom. Along the lateral walls of the box there were two horizontal bars; the ends of the skewer piercing her breast rested on top of them, so that if she tried to lie her back on the floor of the box, the skewer would pull her breast upwards; She could use her head and neck as a leverage to lift her back and stop the pulling on her pierced mounds. 



Her legs were pulled towards her head, making her bend over. They were tied to the wall of the box next to her head. Her clamped labia were connected to the other end of the box, both ropes tightly tied. Then her hands were forced down on her sides, and shackled to the bottom of the box. There were two handles over there that she could grab. 



He closed the box, leaving her locked in a very tight place. On the side of the box next to her bottom, a small door opened from the side, and a phallus was pushed inside, penetrating her vagina. It was long, thick and cold. If it were pushed all the way in, it would pound on her cervix. It was fixed to that side of the box, and the small door closed again. 



Now the real torment started. The two supports on the ends of the box were removed. It was now in a precarious equilibrium. She could grab the handles, and use her strength to move her weight a little up or down. If she tilted to the head, the clamps on her labia pulled harder, if she instead placed most of her weight on the bottom part, her toes were pulled and she was also impaled&nbsp; to the maximum on the phallus. All this movement also made the skewer attached to her breasts move along the lateral bars. As they were not lubricated, each movement produced vibrations caused by the friction of the metal. She had to use the handles carefully to balance her weight the best she could, and at the same time, push her back up with her head or suffer her breast being pulled upwards by the skewer inside them. 



By the sounds coming out of the box one would have thought a wild cat was trapped inside. 



"Speak now, or you will stay like this until tomorrow". 



Inside the box, Aurelia was suffering like a martyr. Her situation had gone even tougher now as she had to fight for her spine to stay arched. The slightest pull of her weight on the skewer fired thunderbolt of agony into her throbbing mammaries. In the dim light that reigned inside the box, she could see with horror her breasts stretching, elongating, pulled by the steel bone that was transfixing them. The sheer sight was enough to make a heart to fail, but the pain it caused was so cruel it kept pushing on the back of her skull as if her very life was depending on it. And maybe it was true. Maybe her life was not really in danger, but her mental health was definitely at bay. As her staggering concentration was focused on keeping her chest high, she was unable to maintain her balance. As a result, the box was swinging hard from head-tilted to foot-tilted, each time yanking on her toes or her labia, adding excruciating agony to her already pain-saturated nerves. In the middle of all this pain, the giant vaginal ram was hardly noticeable, nor was the heat and abundant sweating that resulted from the confined atmosphere. She kept shaking her head from side to side, vocalising her suffering with the utmost energy. Her fists were tightly clenched on the handles, as if, by strengthening herself on these support, she could brace her very mind against the tortures that were threatening to overwhelm her. 

Day 4, 2:30 pm 

In one of the movements the box didn't till the other way, meaning the wooden support had been put back in place. The metal intruder was removed from the side of the box, and the top opened. The woman was removed from the box, and put back on the rack, this time he let some slack on the ropes, his intention being only of restraining her while letting her rest. Even the skewer deep inside her breasts was removed, and he applied a generous amount of alcohol and then ointment to clean the wounds. Then he left the chamber. 

Day 4, 7:00 pm 

The Regent decided to take a visit to the torture chamber. He enjoyed being there, but other matters needed his attention. Either way, if the maid talked or not, preparations should be made to defend the castle. They had the trap ready, now they only needed to know the exact time to open the gates so the rebels would not suspect something was wrong until it was too late for them. He also had to witness the exemplary execution of Marie on the public square. He returned inside after a few hours, as the peoples also started leaving. The poor woman was still alive, but was reduced to moaning. 



The Regent ordered cold salty water to be thrown over Aurelia's naked body upon the rack. 



"Are you ready to talk? or do you want Henry to continue working on your body?" 



"Please! I have told you everything I knew! Please, stop torturing me. I cannot tell you anything else" Aurelia pleaded, as the salty water was dripping from her naked body. 



The same skewer was brought back and shown to her. It again followed the same path as before, visiting all the nerves on the way from breast to breast. The chain also attached to her back that allowed the bar a little movement, but prevented it from being ripped from her breasts. 



She was untied from the rack and placed on the floor face down. A long bar with two shackles, separated by about one meter from each other was placed under her knees. Her thighs were placed in the shackles and locked firmly in place, forcing her spread wide. Then her legs were bent at the knee over the bar, the toes attached to the extremes of the skewer inside her breasts. Then her hands were tied behind her back, wrist to elbow, and the chain across her back that prevented the skewer from moving too much also fixed to her forearms. The ends of the long bar holding her knees apart was attached to the pulleys. Then she was pulled up until her face literally kissed the ground goodbye. Twin clamps were attached to her over-abused inner labia. A thin chain going from each clamp, to the horizontal bar between her legs, and back down to the floor. Other similar chains were attached to the extremities of the skewer transfixing her breasts horizontally.&nbsp; 



She was raised more and more, until the links of the four chains left the ground. All four were attached to the four corners of a square metal tray. Her upside-down face was able to see all the procedures, and also able to see that another tray, this one full of metal weights, was being put right next to the empty one being supported by her sensitive spots. 



"I'll put this hourglass in here. every time the sand runs out, and you refuse to tell us what we want to know, I will add another weight to the tray." 



He turned the hourglass, so that she could see the sand going from one end to the other. It took about five minutes for it to run out.&nbsp; 



A small weight, about 500 grams, was added to the center of the tray. And the hourglass was turned again. 



The pain in her transfixed breasts, her labia and her toes was again revived. She let out a long scream of agony as her nightmare was starting afresh. She was squirming at the end of the bar that was holding her knees apart, her body swinging in mid-air, the tray oscillating under her as it stretched her sensitive flesh further. Her skin was dripping with a mix of salty water and sweat. Her strong muscles were knotting under the shiny skin as she vainly tried to escape the torture. 



As the minutes passed, the small weights kept being added to the tray, increasing her suffering. She was panting and grunting and babbling. Whenever the agony throbbing in her raw flesh was too much, she let out a long, inhuman scream, which, somehow, brought some relief to her tired mind. 



He pushed the tray a little, making it swing back and forth, turning her into a flesh pendulum that would have made Foucault envious. When the swinging stopped, he stepped on a stool to better reach her feet, and pushed a pair of needles under each toe nail. Then pushed the tray again, to resume her movement. 



Aurelie was in so much pain that she barely noticed the addition of the needles. She kept screaming to release her anguish and agony. 



The regent was getting tired of just hearing her scream, so he ordered the torturer to silence her. A dirty rag was pushed in her upside-down wide-open mouth. Then a rope was tied around her neck and over her mouth, holding the rag firmly inside her mouth. 



Aurelia gagged as the filthy rag was shoved into her screaming mouth. As the rope pushed it deeper in her throat, she felt a wave of panic strike her. She retched, she puked, but was forced to swallow the bile back. Her eyes were rolling in her orbits.&nbsp; 



"Now we just torture you, and decide when you are allowed to speak, if you by then refuse to talk, the rag goes in again until we get bored of seeing you squirm and decide to ask again". 



Another weight was added to the tray, and made to swing. It was followed by another when the sand ran out. Until there were six more weights, meaning about 30 minutes had passed. 



The whole time Aurelia had been squirming madly, screaming and moaning into the now saliva-soaked rag. Her cheeks were bulging because of the tightly packed piece of cloth. Its taste was acrid and was making her retch. But the worst was that it was preventing her from screaming and releasing her overwhelming fear. The idea that she was now unable to stop the torture even if she decided to speak was increasing her anguish to unknown levels. Unable to articulate words, she was now finding relief in chewing on the elastic rag ball and rope, thus managing to maintain her courage just a notch below the breaking point. 



"Think carefully what you are going to say now that I remove the gag. You have one minute to convince us not to put it back again. Scream and it goes back before the scream ends". 



As the rag was pulled out of her mouth, a big gob of saliva drooled on her flaring nose. She looked&nbsp; at he Regent with tear-filled eyes, her brain churning to decide whether she should speak or not. Gathering all her courage, she finally uttered: "I don't... know... anything... else!" 



He grabbed the rag again, but before putting it back inside, he dipped it in a jar, then pushed it back inside her mouth. The jar contained some sauce made from spicy peppers from the far East. The rope went again around her neck holding it in place. Then he pushed the tray again, to make it swing. 



Aurelia's eyes bulged as she felt the pepper setting her mouth alight. But still she kept chewing on the soft, filthy rag, feeling relief in the sensation. 



More time passed, and the gag was again removed. He just let it drop to the floor. Then he went to a cabinet and returned with a pear, this one a little smaller than the version used for the vagina. It was placed inside her mouth, and the handle turned again and again, making her open her jaw to the maximum, her voice muted by the metal intruder. 



The poor girl could hear her jaw bones creaking, the metallic pear grinding against her teeth as her mouth was spread wide open. Combined to all the other tortures she was suffering, this was driving her mad with agony. She shook her head in all directions, desperately trying to get rid of the oral pear, howling like a wounded animal. Sadistically, the torturer let her appreciate her new situation for several minutes. His long experience was telling him that this girl was broken. Her fear-filled eyes could not be faked.



Finally, he unscrewed the pear gag and removed it. For some instants, Aurelia was unable to speak as she tried to force her sore jaws to close. When she finally regained the usage of her mouth, she spoke in a desperate, very fast tone:



"Please, please, I'll tell you everything, but please, let me go. The rebels are going to attack the castle on Sunday during the Mass. It is planned that I open them the gate after having seduced the guards. That's all I know, I swear. Please, now, have pity on me!"





She was lowered to the ground, all the straps and instruments removed. Her feet shackled, and she was dragged out of the chamber into an empty cell. A metal ring was attached to her neck. From its sides short chains dangled and her arms where shackled to those, leaving her hands a few centimeters away from her shoulders. A soldier placed a bowl with some food, and another with water. It did not look nice, but at least it was something. She was left alone to rest for a couple of days. 



Aurelia spent the remaining days resting and healing. The heavy collar was constantly pressing on and grinding into her shoulders and neck. Her ankles too were chaffed continuously by the heavy, rusty shackles. But at least she was not tortured any longer, allowing her to regain energy. 



Shackled as she was, she could hardly use her hands at all. She had not been able to wash herself from all the filth she had gathered during those days and nights of torture and debasement. To eat, she had to kneel by the bowl, lower her face almost against it and then only could she use her hands. As days and nights passed in the dim light, she regained some strength. However, her beauty was gone forever. Her skin was branded, scared and chaffed beyond repair. She was stinking. Her hair was a matted tangle of greasy hair, a vermin nest. And all the time she was anguished by what was going to happen to her friends, to her lover, to her people. Because of her weakness, they would all perish. And there was nothing she could do to warn them. 

Day 7, 6:00 pm 

She was taken from her cell, and dragged to the torture chamber again. In the center of the chamber, naked, and strapped to that terrible chair was her lover, the leader of the rebellion. The regent spoke from his seat 



"It's such a nice reunion. Too bad for all the rebellion, you trusted this bitch and she betrayed you all. I've learned from interrogating the other captives that you both share a special bond". 



As she saw her lover on the dreaded chair, Aurelia's legs failed to her and she collapsed on the floor. She could read but hatred in the man's eyes. He was believing that she had indeed betrayed them. He could have no idea of what she had been through. 



"You will be executed tomorrow in front of all the town, it will be good for them to watch the strong man of the rebellion crying and screaming for mercy for hours. I wonder how you will scream when I have them crush your testicles, and then tie you to four horses pulling in four different directions. The bad thing is that it will end very soon, but I plan to compensate for that with your lovely woman. She will not be on the list of rebels to die tomorrow; she will stay here in this very dungeon. When you are being tortured tomorrow think on her, you will have your balls crushed, she will have a vaginal pear opened to the maximum inside her. You will feel the pain of your limbs pulled apart, she will be dislocated on a rack, you will be whipped, she will feel red hot needles applied to her breasts. The crows will feast on your dying form, vermin and rats will scratch and bite her intimate places. You will go unconscious and die, she will be sent back to the cell and taken care of, to be returned to the chamber to suffer all over again. I'm sure Henry will appreciate the opportunity of having a victim on which to try and investigate new devices and methods. And this is the last you will see of her, I want this image in your mind when you are sent to the square tomorrow" 



Aurelia was placed over what looked like a wide belt. She was made to kneel over it, then pushed back until she was sitting on her heels, and then her torso was pushed&nbsp; until her chin was resting against her knees. The chain from her neck was removed and her arms tied behind her back wrist to elbow. The belt was wrapped around her, tightly encasing her body from legs to back in what resembled a fetal position. The torturer placed his feet on her back and pulled more on the belt until it was impossibly tight before buckling it. 



Aurelia moaned as the air was pressured out of her lungs. Her large breasts were being crushed between her legs and her ribcage. She could hear her ribs groaning as the belt was tightened even more. When the strap was finally buckled, she could hardly breathe any more, except in shallow, painful gasps. 



Twin hooks where lowered from the pulleys in the ceiling, and passed in a pair of orifices on the belt at her sides. She was then pulled up until her body was about waist height. A ring was put inside her mouth, forced behind her teeth and tied around her neck, keeping her mouth open. All her orifices on display and at a convenient height. 



The Regent ordered one of the guards: "Bring all the soldiers that took place in this morning's ambush and all those who have been battling the rebels in the forest in the previous days. Let them feast on the spoils of war, and participate on the celebration of having squashed that band of criminals". 



Aurelia let out a long moan of anguish. She wiggled her toes and fingers helplessly. From now on, her life would be long and desperate succession of tortures and rapes at the hands of those who had killed her friends and were tyrannising her country.&nbsp; 



The End 



--- 

For reference, this was the original torture that Aurelié though of: 



Arms twisted cruelly up my back between my shoulder blades.&nbsp; 

Hooks pierced in my nether lips.

Big toes coiled with twine.

Twine connected to these hooks by a short length.&nbsp; 

A thick wooden rod or branch is shoved down my mouth to my throat and tied in place. 

A thick rod is pierced through both breasts.

The rod is hanging from the ceiling and me along with it.



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  darknessmoner and Aurelie Catena(no email) 


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





