BDSM Library - Reunited Friends




Reunited Friends
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: 






﻿Reunited Friends 





A Story by Eskimoman









My heart was pumping as I walked down the short driveway to number 23. That was the address given to me by Jo whom I had not seen in 20 odd years. It was a nice house from the outside, detatched, discrete, with a well maintained garden. I wondered who tended the gardens - did Jo have a boyfriend, or a gardener, or both, or were they the same. My mind was in turmoil. 



It was out of the blue when the email arrived in my inbox. Quite unexpected.&nbsp; I had not seen the sender's name written down since the last letter I received from her explaining that the relationship will never work out.&nbsp; I won't bore you with the details now but it took me a few years to accept it and move on. But move on I had, and I was happy being myself once more. So I was obviously quite intreagued to receive the email from Jo. It had said that she hoped I was happy and healthy, that she needed to talk some things over with me and hoped to be able to meet up sometime.&nbsp; I was very happy to receive the email from someone I thought I woulld never hear from again and thought it would be nice to catch up after all these years. I replied to that effect stating that I had gained a few pounds and lost a few hairs in the meantime (to manage her expectations). I still had my rugby legs but these needed to support a little more weight than they had before! 



Emails were exchanged over the following weeks which eventually lead me to her drive, walking up to the door to ring the bell. Heart racing and mind in a spin.&nbsp; There was no response to the initial press of the doorbell, nor to the second. There was a car in the drive. Black, naturally, but no answer. I tentatively pushed the door and it began to open.&nbsp; 



"Hello", I offered up. No answer.&nbsp; Pushing the door a little more I raised my voice slightly, "Hello, Jo, you at home?". 



I heard music playing deep in the house so I thought perhaps she had not heard the bell, I stepped into the hallway and called once more, "Jo .... it's Pete". 



Then, blackness ... someone had slipped a blindfold over my head from behind. 



"Hey!&nbsp;&nbsp; What!&nbsp;&nbsp; Jo?" 





"Shhhhhh" came a distantly familiar voice from behind, "Yes it's Jo. Don't worry. I thought I would surprise you. I didn't want you to see me just yet I have changed so much. Are you OK with this?" 



"Well, erm, yes I suppose if that's what you need to do then I am fine, but I am dying to see how you look" 



"Oh there will be plenty of time for that, just bear with me while I set things up". 



I heard the sound of heels clinking along the wooden floor becoming more distant, and then returning slowly and deliberately. OK, so this was an odd way to greet an old friend but then Jo was not a run of the mill kind of girl so I went along with her game, intrigued to see why she wanted to hide herself from me. 



"Let me see your hands", a voice whispered in my ear from behind me. I was surprised at the request and at the location of the voice.&nbsp; Jo was always quite a bit shorter than me but her mouth seemed just inches below my ear. 



I felt my right arm being tugged gently behind me.&nbsp; 



"Uhmmm still got those rugby arms I see". 



My left arm was pulled behind to meet my right. A series of short ratchety clicks followed, and I felt cold metallic rings encircling each wrist. 



"Hey!" I exclaimed with some annoiance. "What are you doing. I cannot separate my hands", as I tried in vein to pull my arms apart. 



"Oh, just a precaution, don't worry Pete. You trust me don't you?" 



"Well yes, I think, but are these cuffs really necessary" 



"Probably not, but I don't want to take any risks" 



"Risks?", I retorted. 



"Well, when you finally see me I want to make sure you do not get any urges to come and ravage me". 



I remembered Jo as a beautiful blonde of 20 years ago, but I could control myself back then and could not understand why I would fail to do so now. 



I was beginning to wonder what was going on now. I had stepped into this woman's house and within moment she had me blindfolded and handcuffed. Nobody knew I was here and my opportunities for doing anything about the situation were fast running out. I had heard the door close behind me before the blindfold and had noticed the latch was quite high up. With my hands cuffed behind my back I was going to struggle to open it. I could perhaps use my mouth to open the latch but I'd need to find it first and what would I do if I did get the door open? I had no idea which way to run.&nbsp; I had to accept a little that Jo was not planning to hurt me and that she was just having a little quirky fun. 



Again those heels clicked away on the floor heading into a distant room, to return moments later. I imagined her grinning. 



"Now, one more small precaution Peter. Open wide!" 



"Pardon" 



"Open your mouth for me. I want to see those old tonsils" 



"Why on earth doppphhh". My sentence was cut short as a soft rubbery thing was pushed into my mouth. Before I had a chance to push it out with my tongue it started to expand. It grew in spurts, 5 of them I counted, with a puff of air after each growth.&nbsp; "Wahhhh aaaa uuuuu oooinnn" I mumbled and tried to pull my head away. After 6 pumps it had filled my mouth uncomfortably full any more and I thought my jaw would dislodge. But there were more. Two more pumps and my mouth was well and truly stuffed. I had no chance of pushing the expanded rubber ball from my mouth, and really started to worry now.&nbsp; Why on earth would she need to gag me too?&nbsp; I grunted in frustration at the invisible Jo. 



"Oh stop being so grunty Pete. I'm just having a little fun with you. I would not want you to say the wrong thing when you see me. Trust me. You'll come to no permanent harm" 



A shiver ran down my spine at the word 'Permenent'. What did she mean by that. Did she mean that I would be fine, or that I would be harmed but not permanently.&nbsp; I was now pretty well stuffed and not just in the mouth. I could not run for help, open the door, nor make any phone calls. I could, I guess, call the police if I could find the phone but as I had never stepped foot in this house before I had no idea where to begin feeling for a phone. 



Suddenly, my fear factor rose another level, as what felt like a rope was placed around my neck and tightened. I started to panic, thrashing around to try and flip the rope off but it was too tight. Thankfully not tight enought to constrict my breathing nor the blood flow to my brain, but tight enough to remind me that my life was now in the hands of a stranger.&nbsp; I could hear my heart beating in my chest as the adrenaline pumped wildly around my body. 



"Come with me", Jo said with a slightly more menacing tone than before. 



I had no option, as she pulled on the rope, it tightened around my neck and made it difficult to breath. The only way I could losen it was by walking in the direction of pull.&nbsp; My head was pulled slightly upwards and then ... 



"Mind the steps. I would not want to hurt you at the first hurdle" 



I felt my foot come to rest at a step so I tentatively raised it and prodded forwards for the stair.&nbsp; I found it and pushed my weight onto the higher foot, and repeated the process with the other foot. All the time, the tension on the rope did not ease. It was firm enough to remind me that I had to comply. I followed its pull up the remaining stairs until I reach the flatness of the upper floor. 



"In here", she commanded, as she pulled me further. "Stand still now" 



I came to a standstill swaying slightly. Nervous and fearful.&nbsp; What on earth was going on?&nbsp; I decided to comply as best I could. I did not want to upset her and feared for my safety if I did. 



"Bear with me, we are almost ready", she said, slightly reassuringly, "You just need to loosen up a little". 



I felt her hands move around me from behind, reaching for my belt buckle. Deftly this was released and the belt pulled from the loops around my jeans. Then the trouser buttons were undone and slowly the trousers were pulled down towards my knees. 



"Hey what the fuck are you doing" I tried to say, but my mumbles were dismisssed. 



"Dont worry honey, I just wanted to see those rugby legs once again. Ooooh they are still there so thick and stong". 



She ran her hands down my legs pushing the jeans to my ankles and returning up to do likewise with my undewear. 



"You wont be needing these pants either for while", she said as she slid them down to meet the jeans in a pile around my ankles. 



I groaned a resigned groan in my gag and accepted that the jeans were coming off either with or without a struggle. 



She lifted each foot off the ground and released the jeans and pants from each leg. 



"Excellent. Now stand still for me there's a good boy". She slapped my arse and walked to the other side of the room returning with that invisible grin once more. 



I felt a belt-like leather strap being wrapped around my left ankle with a tightness which was firm but not uncomfortably tight. A buckle was fastened and a click finished it off. This was repeated with my right ankle. Two more clicks later and I felt my legs being pulled apart slightly perhaps shoulder width at most. My mind was spinning. I was being attached to something solid. I could not close my legs and could not run. I was at her mercy. 



"Kneel", she said sternly. 



I complied. I had no option. She prodded me in my back and I could do nothing to resist. I bent my knees and waited for them to hit the floor.&nbsp; I was surprised that they hit something a lot softer - a mattress perhaps. Some cords were pulled and I felt my legs being pulled slightly further apart. Not uncomfortably, but just enough to remove any free movement in my legs. The rope around my neck was picked up and I felt pulled slightly forwards as it was attached to something solid. I wobbled as I tried to stay on my knees. I pulled back against the strain on the rope but I was limited by its length. 



"And we won't be needing this on either will we?", she said as she undid the buttons on my shirt. 



I nodded furiously but to no avail. The shirt was unbuttoned and pulled backwards along my arms until it met the cuffed wrists. More leather straps were applied to each wrist above the cuffs and above the crumpled shirt sleeves. With a few more clicks these cuffs were fastened together. The metal on the cuffs began to dig into my wrists as they were pulled upwards breifly, and then unlocked dropping onto the mattress behind me, followed swiftly by my shirt. I felt each leather cuff tighten as she adjusted them to the width of my wrists. 



I was now completely naked and bound. My ankles were held firmly in place, and my neck was still attached via a rope to something in front of me. I could not use my arms to try to release myself as these were firmly connected with leather cuffs. I could not shout for help nor could I see the woman who has done this to me.&nbsp; The adrenaline pumped around my body as I tried disparately to think of a way out of this situation. I trusted Jo, but had she changed over the last 20 years. Did she have a deep seated vendetta. Is this revenge over something I had done or said all that time ago?&nbsp; I hope these questions would be answered soon and I would be released.&nbsp; 



Yet another leather item was placed around my neck, tightened and clicked into to place. With some relief I felt the rope around my neck release as it was untied, but my releif was short lived as I felt Jo's hands under my chin re-tying the rope to the leather collar. Suddenly I was pulled out of balance as the rope tightened and pulled me forward. I had no option but to follow it but I knew I would lose my balance and fall forwards. I resisted as much as I could but finally had to give into to the force and felt myself falling forwards and downwards into a deep, soft, mattress. The rope was tied off with just enough length and a slightly uncomfortable tension. 



Jo's silence was deafening as she worked slowly but methodically to immobilise me with assured deftness, but finally she spoke. 



"Comfortable Pete?" She asked rhetorically. 



"I am almost done with you. When I feel I am safe, I will tell you why I am doing this to you. Please bear with me for a few more moments". 



I heard her muffled footsteps walk away and into a distant room. I had figured that the upstairs was carpeted and her, probably, substantial heels would make less noise on this surface. The footstps returned. 



"Now one more thing to add I think before I am happy with you" 



I felt the ropes pulling my legs outwards tighten and my legs stretched further. 



"There, that's better. I can see my target now and there is no way you can resist. Open up!" 



I felt a cold hard shape pushing against my arsehole. What the fuck was this. I quickly moved my bound hands to cover my ass to try to prevent whatever it was from entering me. 



"Tut tut tut. I cannot be having this bit of resistance from you". Jo said with a slight tone of annoyance. She stopped what she was doing, grabbed some more rope, and connected my wrist cuffs with a loop in my collar. Pulling it tight my hands were pulled away from her target zone and were rendered effectively useless.&nbsp; I was completely at her mercy now, unable to prevent her from doing as she pleases to my nether regions. I sighed silently to myself and accepted the consequences. 



I felt the cold hard shape pushing once more into my butt. I squeezed both cheeks together as best I could but there was no way I could resist this invader for long. It's slippery surface had no friction as it slid slowly, inexorably inside. I let out a feeble yelp as the widest part of the shape slipped inside me and with a plop came to rest. I tried to eject it but it was just too large. I accepted it with humility and resignation. 



With some relief I felt my right leg being released and drawn towards my left leg. With a click of a padlock, my ankles were joined, and with a bit of tugging my left ankle was released from its rope.&nbsp; I rolled flat on my tummy and bent my legs up and down to try and create some give on what was plugging my ass, but to no avail. 



Some rope dangled on my calves as Jo tied one end to my connected ankles. I then felt my ankles being drawn up towards my wrists as the rope was looped though their cuffs and pulled tight. My back arched as it tried to accommodate this uncomfortable hogtie position. A few loops of the ropes and then they were attached to my collar, pulled tight, adding tension to my arms, legs and neck.&nbsp; I was completely immobilised in a tight hogtie unable to move any limb more than a few inches and certainly unable to escape and run for help. 



As if to add insult to injury Jo then tied my two thumbs together with some more slender stands of string, and did the same to both big toes. That was unnecessary I thought to myself as there is no way I could escape even with my thumbs and toes free but I guess she wanted to leave no stone unturned in her quest to render my helpless. 



"Excellent. You do look a picture", Jo said as I heard the familiar beep of a digital camera.&nbsp; "That's one for my album." 



"Now I think it's time I revealed myself to you. I think I am safe now. There is nothing you can do to me".&nbsp; 



With that, I felt the blindfold being pulled upwards from my eyes. I blinked a few times to get used to the light and as I focused I saw a vision that was Jo but not the Jo I had known.&nbsp; She was clad head to toe in shiny black latex, hugging her slender figure. She wore 5 inch platform stiletto heels which explained the clicking on the hard floor.&nbsp; Around her waist was a corset so tight it is a wonder she could breath. And she wore a smile I had never seen her wear. A wicked smile, but one of such confidence that she had not posessed 20 years earlier.&nbsp; She was breathtaking. 



"You like what you see Pete?" 



I nodded. Even ungagged I would have found it difficult to find words. 



"I see you are happy to see me" - she directed her glance to my dick which was now standing well and truely to attention. 



"I thought you would like this. I thought you would love the idea of losing control, of being dominated by a beautiful woman, and I was right it seems. You see, I have had a long time to think about us and I knew there was something missing from our relationship. I had always had thoughts and fantasies of domination but you were the spark that ignighted it, and I had not realised it was you that did this until recently.&nbsp; I have been busy learning the art of female domination for some time now and am highly skilled in finding men's limits and pushing them into places they thought were impossible to go. When I saw your entry on Friends Reunited I just had to show you what you had started. I had to show you the dominant, confident, woman I have become and not the timid girl you knew me as. You needed to see this. You needed to see what you had created and I intend to show you" 



I was gob smacked. OK we played a few innocent tie up games when we were going out but I thought nothing more of them. They had obviously been the catalyst for Jo's new found Dominant personality. I was worried for what was about to happen to me, but glad to know what she had in mind at last, though worried about limits being extended as my limits were, up to now, quote low. 



"Unfortunately timing is an issue as I have an errand to run. I have secured you quite tightly so that you do not run away while I am out. I expect to be gone for no more than a couple of hours so that gives you a chance to think about your predicament.&nbsp; When I return I will take you beyond your limits of pain. I have a growing selection of tools to help me with this and you will have no ability to stop me once I start.&nbsp; Safe words are ignored so dont even try to negotiate. I will decide when you have had enough. And when you have reached your limits you will submit to me. You may not think that likely rght now, but trust me, you will submit. You will belong to me completely. It may take days or even weeks but when I have your total submission you will be mine. Powerless to leave me. Totally under my dominant spell" 



With that she turned and left the room, spent a few minutes getting changed into something a little more subtle, and without a further word, closed the door on her way out. I heard my car start up and drive away. My Car!&nbsp; What was she doing?&nbsp; OK it was parked behind hers in the drive but she had not asked. Or perhaps that was the point - I had no say any more. I had lost control. 



I hooked my head around to see my predicament.&nbsp; I was lying on a mattress on the floor of Jo's room. My collar had been attached to a radiator pipe via a very short length of rope. There was no way this rope was coming free as the pipe was strong and my hands were held firmly behind my back.&nbsp; I tried to feel for the knots in the rope linking my hands with my ankles but to no avail. Jo had very adeptly looped the doubled rope through my ankle, and wrist cuffs and knotted it at my collar. Far away from prying fingers. Each of the thick leather cuffs had been tightly secured and padlocked so there was no escape from those until Jo decided to unlock them. My mouth was stuffed with an inflatable gag which, thoughtfully, had a breathing pipe attached so there was no chance of me suffocating. How thoughtful of her. 



I looked around the room to see laid out provocatively a series of whips, clamps, gags, and hoods, alongside her outfits which consisted of either black latex or black PVC with boots and shoes all with heels no lower than 5 inches.&nbsp; A clue popped into my mind - she always drove black cars - perhaps that should have told me of her passions and fetish for all things black and shiny. 



I struggled for a while to free myself but knew she had done a great job on my bonds. There was no escape. I had to lie there accepting my fate and looking at the implements of torture which would be used on me when Jo returned.&nbsp; Wondering if I would ever leave this place again. 







End of part 1



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  eskimoman.(no email) 


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





