BDSM Library - Early Retirement




Early Retirement
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: 






Early Retirement

By  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Ed Kilpatrick
E-mail:  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Edkbound@gmail.com

This tale has been written by Ed Kilpatrick and he would request that it is not distributed nor uploaded to any website without his prior written consent.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;

It had been a very long afternoon and I was hot; very hot and sweating profusely through the thick spandex (Lycra) Zentai suit, that covered me from head to toe. My hands were cuffed behind my back and my ankles locked into leg-irons, which had been reduced to a three-inch separation using a padlock. I was also lying on my side, in a strict hogtie because the chain attaching my handcuffs to leg-irons was also shortened, using another padlock! This was a prison transport set that I'd bought on eBay some months ago and I enjoyed the various levels of restriction they offered. I could obviously just walk around with some limited restriction as the prison set was designed but not today because padlocks had been used reduce the chain links between my ankles and the distance between my handcuffs and leg-irons. The Zentai suit I was wearing was one of several but my favourite as it was purchased my friend Cathy. (More about Cathy later and back to the Zentai suit): This particular suit was metallic black in colour and had absolutely no holes; not even for my nose, mouth or eyes! I could barely see a thing through the thick shinny Lycra that engulfed my entire head and breathing was possible through my nose, but not my mouth today. This was because I was gagged very effectively! I had a pair of tights stuffed into my mouth and sealed using high quality electricians duck-tape, which did a perfect job in sealing my mouth closed and holding the now soaking wet wad of Lycra in my mouth, silencing me for how long now, I had absolutely no idea! 

I guess by now you want to know how I got into this bondage. Did I do it myself of did someone else set me up for an afternoon of torment? Today was like many other Saturdays before. I had been put into this bondage by Cathy, my friend and bondage body. I guess it is now time to explain a little about myself:

My name is David and I'm not long retired. This isn't that strange except to say that turned 40, only a few months ago. You see, I owned an IT business, based in London until one-month ago, when I sold it to an American owned multinational, who wanted me to remain as the companies CEO but I wanted to take some time out and see the world before I was too old to enjoy myself. We agreed that I would remain as Company Chairman but for at least the next three to four months, I would have the time I needed to find myself after far too many years of 60-hour weeks and the stress of growing what was and hopefully will remain an extremely successful business. I was married once but that didn't work out so for the last ten years I'd remained single and after several short-term relationships, I'd opted for my current lifestyle in the hope that Mrs Right would one day appear into my life

So, who is Cathy you now want to know. As I said previously, Cathy is my friend and bondage body. We met several years ago in at a local business networking event near my home in Cambridge. Like me (at the time), she ran her own business but Cathy's business was much more interesting than my IT business, because her company designed, manufactured and retailed her own lingerie designs across the south east of England. Back to the business networking meeting which as usual was about exciting as watching paint dry. At the interval, Cathy and I caught each other's eye and started talking about some boring business stuff until the conversation naturally deviated towards her business and her lingerie designs. After several social meetings it was clear we had a friendship but it would never lead to anything because Cathy preferred girls over boys. This didn't concern me at all and for over a year, we remained close friends, with absolutely no idea of our secret love of bondage. The secret ended about ten months ago, when Cathy invited me to a party at her business, which was based just off the A14 north of Cambridge in an industrial Estate. I was invited to the launch of her new range of products, which not only included some fantastic lingerie but also included a range of silk scarves. Accessories have become a massive success over the past year (Cathy explained), which I fully understood because I saw more and more girls wearing scarves, which I'd always adored and somehow inside my head, connected scarves with bondage but I also found girls extra interesting if they wore a scarf wrapped around their neck. Anyway, back to that particular evening: As the party finished a number of Cathy's employee remained at the office and continued to drink. By now Cathy was rather drunk and I was enjoying the way she flirted with me in her short black dress and bright red silk scarf that was wrapped once around her slender neck, leaving the two ends draped over her ample breasts. Her long brown hair cascaded well below her shoulders and her long legs were tonight clad in the finest bright red opaque Lycra tights, which contrasted perfectly against the black of her short dress and the bright red scarf that she'd chosen to wear around her neck. As the night drew to a close, Cathy asked me if I would drive her home because I had been on cokes all evening, since I'd brought my car. This wasn't going to be a problem as Cathy only lived about two streets away from me in the same modern housing development on the suburbs of town. It was when we arrived back at Cathy's house that things got interesting. To say Cathy was drunk was an understatement; she was completely SHIT-FACED! As she sat in the car struggling to undo her seatbelt, I offered help, which she gratefully accepted. Like the gentleman I was, I turned off the ignition, stepped out of the driver's seat and went round to help my drunken friend. Her seatbelt was undone by the time I'd opened the passenger's door.

"Come on you drunken bum," I said as I took Cathy's hand and helped her onto her unsteady feet.

With that Cathy smiled, offered her hand and we were off in the direction of her front door.

"David," asked Cathy in a seductive voice? "Would you mind looking for my keys in my handbag as I'm so pissed, I'm not able to see straight, never mind search for the bloody keys?"


Now here is when I broke one of my first rules and that is never to rummage through a ladies handbag because you've absolutely no idea what you'll find in there. This is when I first realised that my little lesbian friend was into bondage, just like me; except she didn't realise this at the time:

"So what are these for," I asked Cathy as I held up a pair of shinny S&amp;W handcuffs in front of the nose of my drunken friend?

At this juncture of the evening, Cathy was simply too drunk to be embarrassed and replied as she grabbed the tools of bondage and I finally found her keys:

"These are to protect me from horny little bastards like you Dave," she responded.

I just laughed, unlocked the front door and helped Cathy inside. As we entered the house, Cathy thanked me and approached to give me a kiss, which she often did but as she approached, she took my hand and attempted to slap one of the cuffs around my wrist.

"Oh, who's the horny one tonight," I responded as I took control of the situation and very quickly had poor drunken Cathy's hands firmly locked behind her back.

"Hey that's not fair mister," yelled Cathy but she was in no fit state to argue!

Cathy then approached and we kissed passionately, which had never happened before. Cathy then started to rub her body against mine in an extremely erotic manor.

"Cathy, I've no intention of doing anything tonight that you will regret tomorrow but if you want me to tease you, then I'm happy to offer this service to you," I explained.

Cathy just smiled and she started kissing me again. It was then I peeled her red scarf from her neck and wrapped it twice around her head, making a quite effective blindfold. After some drunken rant about me being kinky, I picked up my drunken friend and took her upstairs to her bedroom. When we arrived I laid her softy onto her bed and we started kissing some more. I knew that I didn't want to make love to Cathy because I valued her friendship more than anything and nothing was going to destroy what we already had. I therefore did what I promised and teased my bound little friend. It wasn't long until I eased her shoes off her feet and pulled down her tights and removed her soaking wet silk pants. With every stroke of her body, I wiped my hand across her soaking wet pussy and fingered her clit. Cathy moaned in acceptance and yelled at me to screw her, which I'd no intention of doing that night! It was then I took Cathy's bondage to the next level. I forced her soaking pants into her mouth and used her bright red Lycra tights as a very effective gag, forcing even more packing into her mouth by the pants part of the tights and used the legs to wrap several turns around her head, ensuring Cathy wasn't shouting at me anymore. This obviously tipped poor Cathy over the edge because within only a few minutes of gagging her, she exploded with an orgasm that caused her body to buck against her bonds, forcing her pussy hard against my fingers that were still probing her most private of places.

I now had to find her handcuff keys so the only assumption I had was to go and find the key-ring that I'd used to unlock the front door. This meant I had to leave my drunken, handcuffed, blindfolded and gagged friend to fetch the keys, which startled her as I got up and left the room. As I walked away, Cathy moaned through the gag, I guess in some attempt to ask her why I was leaving her but off I went in the search of her key-ring and hopefully the handcuff key. As expected, the keys were where I left them and yes on the key-ring was a handcuff key that would allow me to provide Cathy with her well deserved freedom, which was now only minutes away. I therefore headed back upstairs with the keys but via the kitchen to collect a glass of water. Once back in Cathy's bedroom, she was exactly where I left her, lying on her side, still moaning into her gag:

"It's okay sweetie, I'm back with the keys," I explained as Cathy turned her head towards me.

With Cathy on her side with her hands pointing in my direction, I used the key to unlock one of her wrists, then the next. As soon as Cathy's hands were free, she went for the gag:

"Calm down my wee friend, I'll do all that so just lie there and allow me to take care of you," I explained in a soft voice.

First I removed the tights gag and pants from her mouth and then I untied the knot in the scarf that blindfolded Cathy and she was finally free. She then turned to face me:

"That was fantastic David, thank you," said Cathy in a voice that clearly told me that she was exhausted.

"You're welcome Cathy," I responded. "I know you're tired and need your sleep so I'll leave you now and we can talk tomorrow."

With that we kissed again and then I was off, leaving Cathy to wonder what actually happened that night ten months ago.

We did talk the next day and the day after that and in fact for the next ten months, bringing us right back to now. Cathy and I found that we both had a love of bondage and over the weeks that followed that first night, we became even closer friends and bondage bodies, which simply meant that we would tie each other up on request. This simply meant one of us would be tied up for no set time limit. When we started out in this adventure, both Cathy and I agreed that we would explain our time constraints to each other prior to each bondage session but it was up to the one doing the tying to set their own timeframe for each particular session, which meant the one being tied up, had absolutely no idea how long he or she would remain tied up! As the months passed, we got better at understanding each other limits and most importantly their fantasies. Cathy even purchased the Zentai suits as a uniform for our bondage adventures. She chose identical suits, hers in red and mine in black! This was ensure both Cathy and I were in the same clothing for each session and therefore no preference to attire was needed prior to either Cathy or I getting tied up. 

I'll not go into any more detail about the past ten months and bring this story right back to now, where I remained lying on my bed at home, wearing the Zentai suit with my mouth stuffed with a pair of tights and thick duck tape, sealing my mouth closed behind the faceless material of the built-in Zentai hood:

As I said at the beginning of this story, I'd no idea how long I'd been like this. Cathy had come round to lock me up at ten this morning. It was Saturday and she explained that she was going to the gym for a few hours. I had been prepared for Cathy's arrival and after a trip to the toilet, I'd put on the Zentai suit and even locked my hands and feet into the prison set. When Cathy arrived in my bedroom, she then simply padlocked my ankles closer together and used a second padlock to shorten the chain between my handcuffs and leg-irons, effectively putting me into steel hogtie. That complete, Cathy then used a second set of leg-irons to attach my left ankle to the bedpost, which meant that I wasn't leaving the bed in the foreseeable future. It was then Cathy unzipped the hood on the Zentai suit and kissed me before forcing a pair of tights into my mouth. She explained that she'd worn then all day yesterday and as it was May, it was getting warm in the south of England and therefore the stretchy material tasted rather stale! Finally the duck tape was used to seal the tights inside my mouth and the hood was pulled back over my head and zipped back into place, before Cathy left for the gym and me to my morning of torment. By now I did know that it had been more than a few hours since Cathy left me, hogtied and gagged. I was soaking wet from the hours of struggling in vain but to be honest, I loved every second of it! I had just rested for the 400th time, when I heard the door being opened downstairs and that familiar voice shouting upstairs:

"Hi honey, I'll be up in a minute!"

During every bondage session, it had become routine for a glass of water to be taken to the one who was tied up so I expected Cathy to go to my kitchen and fetch a glass of water before coming upstairs to free me. When she finally came upstairs, Cather sat beside me and rubbed her hands over my Lycra clad body, saying that she loved me when I was completely in her control and wanted to do bad things to me. Finally she unlocked the padlocks allowing me to stretch out a little before unzipping he hood and removing the gag.

"Would you like me to free you," asked Cathy in a seductive voice as she raised the glass to my mouth, allowing me to take small sips of water.

"What else do you want from me Cathy," I asked in a teasing reply?

Cathy just smiled and unzipped the crotch of my suit and peeling my manhood from the sticky hot cocoon, she starting rubbing, brining on an extremely fast erection. Next in a turn of events, which had never happened before, Cathy went down on me using her mouth to finish me off in less than 2 minutes, which wasn't surprising after three or four hours of bondage!

"Fuck me Cathy, what was that for," I asked?

"It was to celebrate our ten-month of bondage David," responded Cathy as she headed into the ensuite to clean-up. "After all David, you finger fucked me ten months ago, I thought that it is about time I repay you for all the times since, that you've helped me to come after a long bondage session.

Cathy then unlocked the cuffs and allowed me to clean up and get dressed, before meeting her downstairs for a cup of coffee.

As I appeared in the kitchen Cathy turned to me and asked, "I've been invited to a party next Saturday night David and I wondered if you would join me as my date?" 

I didn't need any time to accept Cathy's invitation but it was only then that she explained that the party was at the home of Jennifer Owens, another cloths designer who lived only five miles away. 

"David I also need to tell you that this is an 80's school disco party and everyone will be expected to dress in kinky school uniforms," explained Cathy.

Cathy then explained that she would pick-up the fancy dress during the week and meet me back here to get ready if I cooked us both a meal before we left for the party around eight. With the plans set, we said good-bye and Cathy left until next Saturday, when we go to the party as a couple.

I looked forward to Saturday but the fancy dress party didn't play too much on my mind as I'd things to do during the week as I settled into my early retirement. I guessed an eighties school uniform for a boy wasn't that embarrassing (or so I thought) so the week came and went and soon I was preparing dinner for Cathy, who was due round about six-thirty. 

At just before seven, the front door bell rang and as with nearly all visits from Cathy, she let herself in and came into the kitchen as I headed out in response to the bell ringing.

"Hello pet," was my normal introduction and we kissed on the cheek.

"Hey there good-looking," was Cathy's response and she popped two suit carriers on the couch in the family room, which is joined to the open planned kitchen.

I then headed back to the kitchen as Cathy poured herself a large glass of white wine while I finished the cooking. We then chatted over dinner before it was time to get ready for the fancy dress party. Cathy headed off to my bedroom to get changed as I cleared up and packed the dish-washer. I then joined Cathy in my bedroom with the remaining suit carrier in hand. By now Cathy was sitting by the desk and mirror doing her make-up. She was only wearing a black bra and a pair of thick opaque tights so by now I was a little horny and I couldn't wait to see how my date looked in a school uniform.

It was as I opened the suit carrier did I get my first shock: 

"Hey Cathy, have you messed up the fancy dress? There is a tartan pinafore and blouse in hear," I questioned?

"Nope honey, you have the right fancy dress alright. There should also be a school blazer, body-stocking, black bra with large gel packing, a pair of tummy-tuck pants, 120D black opaque tights, a school tie, school scarf and a wig," replied Cathy as she continued her makeup.

"But Cathy, I'd no intention to go to this party dressed as a school girl," I responded.

Cathy just laughed and explained that everyone at this party, even the few guys that would be there, would be wearing a girls school uniform so not to worry, I'd fit in just fine. As uncomfortable as I was, I ventured into a whole new avenue of Cathy and my weird relationship by me cross dressing:

First of all I got undressed, which I'd no problems doing in front of Cathy who'd seen me naked on many occasion, like I had, her. Cathy explained that the tights were so thick that my leg-hairs would not be seen behind the black Lycra material but I should slip into the body stocking first, which was a tight Lycra leotard in skin colour and was so tight, it held the various lumpy bits in as best it could:

"How do I take a piss wearing this thing," I asked Cathy?

"Well my dear," she responded. "Welcome to the wonderful world of being a girl. You'll have to pull down your pants and tights and while sitting, try to pull your wee man out from behind crotch of the leotard. I'm sure it will be very tight but it will work if you take your time."

Once in place I realised that the tight leotard was starting to give me the basic female shape and even some breasts with built in padding in various strategic places. Next were the horrendous tummy-tuck pants, which I pulled and pulled; and pulled until they finally sat into place around my waste, pulling what was left of my six-pack somewhere that meant I was now very uncomfortable.

"Don't worry David, you'll get used to the tightness in time and might even enjoy it," explained Cathy in an extremely sarcastic voice. "Anyway, hurry up and pull on the tights and bra and I'll do your make-up.

I thought about arguing with Cathy over the make-up issue but she assured me that she'd not put much on my so by the time I'd pulled on the thick black Lycra tights and padded bra, my friend was now dressed in a short tartan mini skirt and white blouse, looking rather slutty with her black bra clearly showing through the thin material of her blouse.

"Fuck me Cathy, you look great, sweetheart," I complemented as I was instructed to sit down and allow her to do my make-up, which I have to say was a horrible first experience!

That done, I slipped into the white blouse and strapped myself into the tartan pinafore that matched the mini skirt Cathy was wearing. We then tied the school ties loosely around our necks and Cathy pulled on a pair of black-leather low-heeled shoes.

"I wasn't going to force you to wear girls shoes David so as trainers are normal on school girls around the UK these days, go and put on the new pair of white trainers you bought last weekend," instructed Cathy, which I gladly did as the alternative wasn't worth considering.

Next Cathy placed the blonde wig on my head and tied to pig-tails into the false hair, which was the same style she'd just achieved with her own dark brown hair. That complete, we pulled on the matching school blazers and wrapped the matching long wool school scarves around our necks.

"Actually David, you look really good and I'm sure the straight girls at this party will love you," explained Cathy as we headed outside to her car.

The journey to Jennifer's only took about ten minutes in Cathy's Porsche Boxster. We chatted on route and Cathy brought me up to speed on Jennifer Owens, who herself was a very successful cloths designer who became extremely wealthy with contracts to design female attire for M&amp;S in the UK and Bloomingdales in the US. She lived in a large estate on the other side of Cambridge, which used to be owned by the English prison service and was one of their training schools until several years ago when Jennifer bought the property. This might be an even more interesting night as Cathy went on to tell me that Jennifer was straight even though she'd tried to persuade the poor girl into a female relationship some years ago but more importantly, Jennifer was single and she had maintained the training cell-block, which was an annex building in the grounds of her estate. As we pulled up to the old house in about ten acres of ground, I couldn't help notice the single story building behind the trees, which was certainly out of character. We got out of the car as a number of other guests had just arrived, all of whom were wearing girl's school uniforms but I hadn't spotted any guys (yet) unless their disguise was much better than mine!

"Jennifer, this is my friend David," explained Cathy as she kissed the tall, blonde and very beautiful hostess (Jennifer Owens).

"Hey Jennifer, it's lovely to meet you," I said as I shook her hand kissed this goddess on the cheek. "Cathy has told me all about you."

Jennifer then ushered us into the large lounge / drawing room where several girls in French maid's uniforms served us with glasses of Champagne.

"Folks, if I could interrupt you for a minute please," haled Jennifer as we entered the room with about fifteen guests all dressed in female school uniforms and dancing to Ah-ha. "This is one of my best friends Cathy and her date, David. For those of you who are interested, they're not an item as David is completely straight or so I'm told!"

Okay, if wearing a girl's school uniform wasn't embarrassing enough, I felt about two-inches tall right now as everyone accepted Cathy and me into the party. It was clear Cathy knew some of the people there but out of the fifteen guests, only two were guys and they were clearly gay as they paraded around in St. Trinian's uniforms; compete with stockings and suspenders clearly showing. As the evening continued, I got more confident and started to actually enjoy the attention I got being one of the few straight guys at the party and especially being dressed as a girl. I've always wondered why females find it a turn on when a guy wears a skirt or a kilt. By ten o'clock, everyone had arrived and only two other guys were present in the crowd of twenty guests. They were clearly a lot more embarrassed about the cross-dressing than me but as the night wore on, I enjoyed dancing with some of the other guests, well the female guests and flirting as much as I could. 

I have to admit, my attention kept drawing me to Jennifer, who wasn't refusing my advances so after I questioned Cathy a little, and I built up more confidence to push the boundaries a little further, which included some dirty dancing. Like everyone else, Jennifer was dressed as a school girl with her short red pleated PE-skirt and white blouse. What really drew my attention to Jennifer, other than her sexy body and long blonde hair, which was in a ponytail tonight; was the tight corset I could feel below her blouse when we danced slowly and my hands were holding on to her waist. Jennifer did seem to be wearing tights but they were skin coloured but most prominent were the bright red knee high socks and white trainers.&nbsp; As the alcohol flowed freely Jennifer started to get more drunk and flirty. She often used the school scarf that was still wrapped around my neck to pull me close and whisper:

"You've no idea how much I like a guy dressed as a girl David!"

These advances spurred me on to continue my advances on Jennifer by kissing her lightly behind the ear, as she pulled me close, using the long wool scarf.

"You're making me feel so hot David," whispered Jennifer on her next approach. "Do you think Cathy would approve?"

I then reached to Jennifer and put my arms around her slender torso, which I was confident was being squeezed several inches due to what I thought was a leather corset: "Jennifer, Cathy and I are friends and I know she will have no problems so can I please have a kiss?"

With that our lips touched and our tongues wrestled for the first time. This happened as we continued to dance to some cheesy 80's slow number by the BANGLES. As we broke for the fourth or fifth time, I looked into Jennifer's beautiful big blue eyes and said:

"Actually I haven't seen Cathy in about half-an-hour anyway, so I'm not sure she'll have any idea about this yet."

Jennifer smiled and said, "I know exactly where she is and another one of my guests (Karen). They'll not be annoying anyone for a while David so let's have another drink and see where this leads?"

I was intrigued to know where Cathy was and what she was up to but only out of interest for her well being, just like a big brother would have natural concern for his wee sister. Alternatively, I was sure Cathy was enjoying herself and I was much more interested in finding out more about this beautiful blonde goodness that I'd been kissing only a few minutes ago. Jennifer poured me another G&amp;T and we sat down on couch, trying to get to know each other a little better, even though the music was loud and the last few stragglers were still dancing.

"Jennifer," I asked? "Who are the maids and how did you persuade them to dress for the occasion tonight?"

They're fantastic David, aren't they," replied Jennifer as she took another sip of her JD &amp; Coke. "They all work for my business and as they're not paid that well, they earn a little extra by serving at events such as this. I persuaded them into the satin French-maids outfits by offering them all a little extra tonight and of course, they have all signed non-disclosure agreements so nothing that happens in my house tonight, will ever be revealed be them."

"So David," Jennifer went on the quiz me. "How did Cathy persuade you to dress as a girl tonight? Is this some secret fetish of yours?"

"Actually Jennifer, this is my first time," I replied. "If I knew the effect it has on woman, I would have started cross dressing a long time ago!"

This lead Jennifer to explain that she had a secret fetish for men who dress-up as girls and she'd always wanted a boyfriend to dress-up for her. I laughed and stupidly said I'd dress-up anytime for her and Jennifer explained that I should be careful what I wished for. We continued chatting for another hour and by now all the other guests had gone. It was a little after one when one of the French maids approached Jennifer and I:

"Miss Owens, that's everything cleared up, do you mind if we head home now?"

Jennifer just smiled and asked to be excused for a few minutes while she ensured all the girls got their pre-booked taxi home. When she returned, she stood and asked me to follow her as she had something to show me. With no encouragement, I stood up and followed Jennifer outside towards her single story out-house:


"Cathy's told me about your cell-block," I said, trying to make conversation as Jennifer led me hand-in-hand towards the small single story out-house, with lights shining through the small glass blocked windows of the old training cell block.

"To be honest with you David," I was going to have the cell-block demolished after I bought this place two years ago," replied Jennifer. "It wasn't on my immediate list of where to start the restoration work but actually Cathy persuaded me to keep it and she has spent many nights locked inside as my little bondage prisoner, just like she is right now."

"Yes, Cathy has quite an imagination Jennifer," I replied. 

"Don't be so shy David, I think you might have just as vivid an imagination by the way you've enjoyed your first cross-dressing experience tonight and the way you've been fondling my corset," teased Jennifer as we approached the outer door to the cell-block.

Jennifer opened the outer door, which was unlocked and we entered an open space, which looked down a small block of ten cells, five on either side. The entrance area was separated from the ten cells by a set of bars and by now, Jennifer had retrieved keys from the wall cabinet and was unlocking the barred gate into the cell block. As Jennifer stepped through into the cell block, I followed and she locked the barred gate behind her:

"Sorry David," just got used to the security Cathy has taught me over the years as we've both played in here for days at a time," explained Jennifer.

This evening was definitely getting much more interesting but I wasn't prepared for what I saw, when Jennifer allowed me to peep through the small hatch into the first cell on the left. There was Cathy and Karen, still wearing their school uniforms, with their hands cuffed behind their back and their school scarves tied around their heads as blindfolds. Both girls were kissing as hard as they could, forcing their bodies into each other, which can't have been easy, with their hands cuffed behind their backs.

"Isn't that sweet," whispered Jennifer into my right ear as I stared through the hatch into the cell.

"Fuck me Jennifer, this is making me so fucking hot," I whispered in response.

I turned to this gorgeous girl and we started kissing again, which clearly got a reaction from the girls in the cell:

"Who's out there," called Cathy from inside the locked cell!

"Just David and I," replied Jennifer. "Just get on with enjoying each other and let me show David around!"

"Jennifer, before you do that, would you mind freeing our hands," asked Karen from inside the cell?

Jennifer just laughed and told them to get on with it with their hands cuffed behind their backs and then she slammed the hatch shut, ending my viewing session! We then toured the small cell-block, which as I explained earlier, were simply ten cells in the small block. As we came back to the barred gate again, Jennifer unlocked the cell opposite the one Cathy and Karen were locked in:

"Come on in," explained Jennifer as she turned the large key in the keyhole and pulled the heavy steel door open, "let me show you one of the cells?"

I knew this might be a trap but one I was prepared to take a risk on as I entered the tiny room with a grass-block window on the far wall letting in no light from the pitches blackness of night outside. The single bed was a simple bunk affair made of steel piping but strangely, it was made up with a bright green duvet cover and matching pillow, neatly folded in place. There was an ensuite to my right as I entered the cell. Jennifer explained that this was standard in most modern UK prison cells but I wasn't sure about the Head &amp; Shoulders shampoo and Lynx shower-gel that accompanied the Gillette shaving tools on the shelf in the tiny ensuite compartment. In the rest of the tight space within the cell was a bench with chair and flat screen TV:

"I hope there is Sky in here like in other UK prisons," I joked as Jennifer turned to face me once again!

"Not in my cells David," responded Jenifer as she tugged on the ends of my school scarf to pull me in for another kiss.

This time our passion ended up on top of the small prison bunk and as we kissed, Jennifer held on tight to the scarf, tightening it around my neck. I was horny and didn't care as I continued to fondle her reduced waste, intrigued by her corset.

"Do you want to see my corset David," Jennifer asked?

"I'd love to Jennifer," I responded.

With that Jennifer started to seductively unbutton her white blouse and as she pulled it off her shoulders, I got my first view of an incredibly tight looking and fearsome black leather corset, that must be crushing Jennifer's torso:

"Fuck me Jennifer, I love it," I explained. "It must be killing you?"

"David, it is tight but then it's a corset; it is meant to be tight! I love corsets and I wear them nearly all the time. To be honest with you, I see corsets as part of my day-to-day bondage and I would be lost without the tightness.

"That's amazing Jennifer, I love how it shapes you so come here as I'm horny as hell," I carried on as we snuggled down for another passionate kiss.

It wasn't long after until I heard Karen shoring from behind her locked cell to be freed:

"Give me a second David, while I see what is wrong," explained Jennifer as she got up and headed out of the cell.

This was when I realised I was in trouble as Jennifer slammed the cell door closed behind her, making a terrifying CLUNK, that told me that I was now probably locked in one of Jennifer's cells. I quickly got up and headed towards the door but it was no use, I was now a prisoner, locked in a jail cell and still wearing a female school uniform.

"Hey Jennifer, that's not fair," I shouted from behind the locked door.

The only sound I heard was Cathy shouting; "Jennifer, is David locked in that cell!"

With that I heard footsteps approach and the small access hatch to the hatch being opened:

"Let me see Jennifer," was Cathy's next words?

Jennifer then explained that she would see Karen off and wondered if Cathy would like to join me in my cell. Cathy asked to see Karen off also so I was now left in the cell block all-alone until one of the girls returned for me. Time passed slowly as I sat on the bunk and waited for someone to come back for me. It was just after two when the girls left and it was now twenty-past-two. Finally they did return and the sound of the outer bars opening was hopefully the beginning of my freedom. It was only a minute or two before the sound of the key in the lock was turning and the cell door opened and Cathy entered the tiny room with her hands still cuffed behind her back and her school scarf hanging loosely around her neck with the knot still in place from when it was being used as a blindfold.

"Are you enjoying yourself David," asked Cathy with Jennifer standing right behind her?

I looked up at both girls and nodded. Cathy then asked if I wouldn't mind staying the night:

"Locked in here Cathy," I asked?

"Yes David; locked in here," Cathy responded. "At the end of the day my friend, you are kinky as hell and I know you will enjoy the experience."

Jennifer just looked over Cathy's shoulder, "David if you stay I'll let you try on one of my corsets tomorrow and anyway, you'll have company because Cathy will be just across the landing."

"You've been locked in here before Cathy, haven't you," I asked?

"David," Cathy went on to say. "Jennifer is just as kinky as you and I and both of us have spent hours in here. I even spent an entire weekend locked into one of Jennifer's cells and love every minute of it! Come on, you'll love it."

Who was I to complain as I told the girls that it was fine by me before Cathy came over to kiss me goodnight. She then whispered into my ear:

"You'll love it sweetie, see you in the morning."


With that the girls were gone but Jennifer did say she'd be back in a minute to kiss me goodnight but before that the cell door was slammed closed again and I had no choice to await Jennifer's return, which was only two or three minutes and the slamming closed and a key turning in the cell opposite mine.

"So you didn't leave her handcuffed," I asked as Jennifer re-entered my cell with a pair of open handcuffs swinging from her left hand.

"Not tonight David," replied Jennifer. "To tell you the truth, Cathy is kinky as fuck and has spent an entire night in all sorts of bondage and on many occasions."

This night was getting very interesting but it was clear Jennifer had no intention of spending the night with me:

"David, can I let you into a little secret," asked Jennifer?

I wasn't going to stop a girl who had a pair of open handcuffs in her hand and the ability to leave me in some discomfort for the rest of the night. Jennifer then continued:

"Just like Cathy and yourself, I love bondage and that's why I've kept the cells. Cathy got me into bondage a few years back and I've enjoyed the scene ever since. My real fantasy is to have a guy who likes to cross-dress and allow me to take control ever now and then."

"But Jennifer," I responded. "This is the first time I've ever worn woman's cloths. If I'm being honest with you, I do find the whole thing a bit of a trun on but this is a bit new for me."

"Let's just see how this weekend goes," Jennifer responded. "Tomorrow I'll come over to the cells in the morning and Cathy and I will choose something for you to wear. I will introduce you to corseting and no doubt more bondage. Cathy can then spend the day in the cells while you and I get to know each other a bit better."

How could I refuse one of the beautiful girls I'd ever met? With that, we kissed again and Jennifer said goodnight and her slamming the cell door and turning the key to dead-lock the door, told me I was now in here for the night. I started to get undressed. As I didn't normally wear anything to bed, tonight wouldn't be that different. As I heard the outer bars lock and the outer door close, I called over to Cathy:

"Are you alright Cathy?"

"Yes honey, I'm fine" replied Cathy in a loud tone, trying to get her voice through two heavy steel cell doors and the cell landing. "I think Jennifer likes you."

"I think the only reason she likes me Cathy is because I'm wearing girls cloths and that's her thing," I called out.

Cathy told me remove my make-up and to go to sleep and just enjoy the experience. Jennifer was a fantastic girl and she had told Cathy when they were out saying goodbye to Karen that she really liked me. With those final words, the lights in the cell-block went out and it was time to go to sleep.

I had thought at one point through the night that I was never going to get to sleep. The entire evening went around in my head. My first cross-dressing experience, the cell-block where Cathy and Karen looked so perfect; snogging while locked-up and handcuffed. There was also this fantastic blonde called Jennifer and I whom I knew; I could fall given a little time. It was late May and the evenings were getting warmer. The cell I was locked in had absolutely no ventilation so it was getting quite warm in the tiny room. What did I expect, this was a training facility and therefore no-one would have ever spent longer than a few minutes or maybe even an hour locked in here. This was obviously to change once Jennifer got her hands on it and converted to bondage by the devilish little brunette I'd come to love just like a sister. At some point I must have fallen asleep because I was awakened by the sound of the outer bars being unlocked and slammed closed again, before being relocked:

"Wake up sleepy heads," were Jennifer's first words that brought me back to the realisation that last night wasn't a dream and I was still locked inside one of her prison cells.

Cathy's cell was the first to be unlocked and I heard Jennifer saying that she would return shortly before relocking the cell and coming over to my cell. I sat up in bed as the cell-door opened:

"Did you have a good sleep," asked Jennifer as she swung the heavy steel door open?

I responded still in a daze that actually, I'd slept quite well and then Jennifer announced that it was eleven o'clock so I had in the end quite a long sleep. It was then that I was able to focus on the beauty standing in front of me. Jennifer was wearing a bright green jersey dress, slightly 1980's style, which sat on her shoulders leaving the tops showing. Her neck would have been fully visible if it wasn't for the black scarf that had been tied tightly around her neck in a band, with the two ends draping down her back from the knot at the back of her neck. I then noticed her high heeled leather boots that reached to her knees, where thick black Lycra tights then took over and disappeared under the short skirt part of her green jersey dress. Jennifer's long blonde hair was free to do as it pleased this morning and cascaded half way down her back. Fuck, this girl looked good! Jennifer then approached dropping some clothes over the chair next to the desk and then we kissed for the first thing this morning. I pulled her close and she fell onto the bunk and we started to kiss again:

"David, I've brought you some clothes to wear," explained Jennifer." If you take a shower I'll be back in about twenty minutes to help you into the corset I promised."

I couldn't wait to explore some more cross dressing today and with Jennifer's words, she was gone and I was once again locked inside the jail cell. A shower was my next task, which was made really easy because this cell was well stocked with everything I needed to prepare myself for the day ahead.&nbsp; When I finished taking a shower and some over things, I headed back to find out what Jennifer had left for me to wear. Just like yesterday, she left me a fresh bodysuit are that's what I thought it was until I lifted it from the pile of other things. This was more a skin coloured body stocking and reached from my toes to my neck. Using the rear zip, I pulled on the Lycra garment and pulled the tight material around my body and then pulled up the rear zip. Just then Jennifer returned:

"Are you ready for the corset David?"

"Do you not think my body is being squeezed enough by this suit," I asked in a sarcastic tone?

Jenifer just laughed and picked up a fearsome looking leather corset and asked me to stand by the wall, with my hands above my head. She then placed the leather around my torso and started tightening the laces:

"Do you have to tighten it that much Jennifer," I asked? "Stop complaining David," responding Jennifer! "I was about to stop but for the moaning, I think I'll tighten it a little more."

I was about to pass out when Jennifer announced it was tight enough and the rear zip was pulled up and a small padlock was placed into the zipped and locked through the zipper on the body stocking:

"We can't have you escaping from your clothes today David, can we," asked Jennifer in a teasing voice?

Before I got dressed anymore, Jennifer opened the drawer in the desk and retrieved some make-up so I was instructed to sit down and allow my prison guard to apply what I'd begun to hate the most about dressing as a girl. I complained a bit and Jennifer threatened to handcuff me and force the bloody war-paint on my face so I took what was coming to me and I sat quietly while Jennifer worked her magic. That complete, it was time for the blonde wig to go back on my head. This time Jennifer brushed out the knots and put the long blonde artificial hair into a pony-tail and explained there was nothing worse than hair falling across your face. Jennifer then handed me a satin summer dress with long sleeves. This was quite heavy and as I stepped into it, Jennifer pulled up the rear zip but didn't lock this one. Finally a pair of black leather high heeled shoes with an ankle strap, which was padlocked to ensure the shoes weren't coming off until Jennifer decided.

"That's you done David," explained Jennifer. "As I said last night, men in girls clothes really turns me on so I hope you will spend the day with me but for now, let's go and get Cathy!"

I hobbled out of the cell behind Jennifer and into my first high heeled experience. I've no idea how girls wear these things but I suppose I was about to find out.&nbsp; The sight that caught my eye exiting Cathy's cell really shocked me. Cathy was dressed in a sleeveless red satin dress. When I mean sleeveless, I meant it had no arms at all. She was also wearing black Lycra tights and the same shoes she wore last night:

"Do you like what you see David," asked Cathy?

"Yes Cathy, I love your outfit but where are your arms," I questioned?

Cathy went on to explain that she was wearing a Venus bondage corset. This corset was even more fearsome than the one I was wearing right now! Cathy went on to explain that her corset also included a built in arm binder that folded her arms behind her back during the lacing process and just like my corset, a zip was pulled up, locking the whole thing in place, which she explained she never understood as there was no way she could remove the thing anyway, with her arms folded and bound within the leather contraption.

"You see David," Jennifer went on to say. "Being clothes designers allows Cathy and I some real advantages in life and today Cathy is going to try and spend the day in it, not that she has much choice until I let her out."

We all laughed as we headed back to Jenifer's house and brunch, which we could prepare while Cathy had no option but to sit on a chair at the kitchen table and allow Jennifer and I to prepare the feast. Jennifer and I both took it in turns to feed our bound friend and then clear up after us. After brunch we all headed outside for a walk in the expansive gardens that surrounded Jennifer's estate. She told me that she had a female gardener that worked two days a week and kept the grounds in top-top shape. I was beginning to get used to the heels when Jennifer whispered into my ear:

"Shall we put Cathy back in her cell?"

I just smiled as we started walking in the direction of the small single story cell block. Once inside, Jennifer opened a cupboard that held some great looking toys. Within a matter of seconds I was holding Cathy while Jennifer laced a heavy hood over her head. This leather bondage hood matched our corsets and by the time we'd finished, only two tiny nose holes were showing where Cathy's face use to be. 

"In you go," explained Jennifer as she directed the now bound and hooded Cathy back into her cell and down onto her bunk. "See you later," and with that Cathy was locked back into her cell.

I was still standing by the toy cabinet, admiring all the bondage gear when Jennifer returned:

"I know you like to be restrained as well, so how about I put these one you," asked Jennifer as she picked up a pair of shinny silver hinged handcuffs. Who was I to complain as Jennifer locked my hands behind my back in the restrictive manacles?

That complete we headed back to the main house with Jennifer's left arm looped through my right arm, which was held tight in the hinged handcuffs. We headed back to the kitchen where Jennifer made a cup of coffee and then in-between her own sips, she held a cup to my mouth so I could take a sip also:

"Are you enjoying yourself David," queried Jennifer?

"Yes, why do you asked," I responded?
"I really like you David," Jennifer went on to say. "Under normal circumstances, I'd have taken my time to introduce you to my private world and you've had so much forced on you in such a short period of time."

I the looked into Jennifer's big blue eyes and said; "Jennifer, I'm delighted that we've come so far quickly. To take your time to introduce me to what you really want in a man would have been a complete waste of time!"

Jennifer then got up and sat down, straddling my knee and we kissed for the next ten or so minutes. I was beginning to fall for this beautiful girl and she knew it so we then headed into her sitting room where we'd talk for the next three hours. Time passed quickly that day as Jennifer and I got to know each other. It was clear she was extremely wealthy but she knew that I'd never be after her for her wealth because the sale of my own business had provided me with nearly �30m in cash, which was now resting in a high-interest account, proving me with an extremely generous income. We continued to kiss and Jennifer rubbed her hands all over my body:

"Jennifer," I said. "I'd love to return the fondling but I'm a little tied-up right now!"

Jennifer just smiled and said that she liked me just the way I was so I should forget about the handcuffs and enjoy what we were doing. We continued to kiss until Jennifer announced that having me dressed as a girl and handcuffed was turning her on so much, she'd like to do something about it. Taking my arm, Jennifer pulled me to my feet and I followed her upstairs to her bedroom, which was a large expanse in tasteful girlie colour with a massive king-sized four poster bed in the middle of the room, looking towards a wall with a 60" plaza TV. We dropped onto the bed and we started kissing again but this time we pushed harder into each other's face:

"Jennifer if you release my hands and take off your boots and tights, I could make you very happy," I explained, hoping to free of the handcuffs. 

"Nonsense David," I'm sure you could service me quite well with your tongue," Jennifer teased as her boots were unzipped and the thick black tights and satin pants removed.

I required no encouragement to get stuck right in there with my tongue and Jennifer was soon panting and pleading for me to push my tongue into her clit even harder, which wasn't as easy as it sounds with my hands still handcuffed behind my back. Jennifer must have been very horny because it didn't take that long for her to explode but rather than lying back she pulled me over onto my back and with an easy movement, she pulled down the crotch zip on my body stocking and climbed on top, sliding her juicy mound over my aching penis and she started screwing me into the bed. I came in minutes, which was a disappointment for me but my wrists were killing me and the pain was turning me on as a Jennifer screwed me to the bed. We lay down beside each other and kissed softly as we regained our composure after making love. Jennifer announced she had to go to the bathroom and got up in the direction of her ensuite. As she returned I asked to go also and at the same time, I asked to be uncuffed but Jenifer just smiled and said she enjoyed having me handcuffed so much, she wanted to keep me that way so she helped me to sit down on the toilet and point my man into the porcelain. Once I'd completed the task in hand, Jennifer dried him off with toilet tissue and zipped him back behind the thick skin coloured Lycra of my body stocking.

"Fuck that was good David," praised Jennifer! "Let's lie down here and watch some TV?"

Who was I to complain still being handcuffed so I sat up on the bed and got comfortable while Jennifer picked up the remote control and began to channel surf? I was hoping she'd allow me to watch the Grand Prix but instead Jennifer settled on the fashion channel, with gorgeous models parading up and down the cat walk. I tried to persuade Jennifer to switch back the Grand Prix on BBC1 but I was told to be quiet and rest as she watched and commented on the various fashions. It was about ten minutes of struggling to get comfortable that Jennifer got up and went over to her washing basket. She picked out the pair of skin coloured tights she'd worn last night and then went to the drawers to pick out a long blue silk scarf. I sort of knew what was coming next but never-the-less, having Jennifer's stale tights forced into my mouth and then the long silk scarf being wound twice around my head and then tied at the back did take me a little by surprise. Jennifer on the other hand was enjoying herself and relished in my discomfort as I now had no option but to sit on her king sized bed and watch the fashion channel but without the ability to communicate back.

An hour must have passed as I sat there in silence. Every few minutes Jennifer rubbed her hand on my Lycra clad legs and moaned in delighted with my current position. I have to admit that it wasn't uncomfortable except for the drool that was getting soaked up by Jennifer's stale tights that filled my mouth. The hinged handcuffs were certainly more restrictive than the normal S&amp;W handcuffs I was used to wearing but they were also much more comfortable than the British Hiatt Speed-cuffs that I'd also spent rather too much time in. In saying that, I was happier than I'd ever been and maybe I even had myself a girlfriend, even if this relationship was going to be a little one-sided or so I thought.

Jennifer's programme finally finished and she leaned over and unpicked the knot in the scarf that held her old smelly tights inside my mouth:

"I think we can dispense with these," she explained as she unwrapped the long silk scarf from around my face and allowed me to spit out the now soaking tights that tasted quite terrible.

"Do you think you could use a fresh pair of tights to gag me in future sweetheart," I blurted out in a sarcastic tone.

"Ah you still have a sense of humour," laughed Jennifer as she started kissing me again!

"Jennifer," I asked in a pleading tone? "Do you think we could go out for dinner tonight? Obviously I'd need to change into something a little more masculine but I'm sure it would be worth your while," I went on the explain as I continued selling this beautiful blonde on the idea.

Jennifer agreed that it was an excellent idea but we did debate for some time what to do about poor Cathy, who was still locked in one of Jennifer's cells, bound and hooded. We both laughed and agreed to leave her there while Jennifer drove me home to change, followed by an early meal. We agreed on Chinese, which meant we could pick up a carry-out on our way home and we'd have the pleasure of feeding Cathy when we returned.

"I do think we should check on her before we go out Jennifer," I suggested.

Jenifer felt that was a good idea so I expected to be uncuffed before we headed out but to my surprise, Jennifer explained that she was still enjoying herself and I was to remain restrained until we got back to my house. When we arrived at Cathy's cell, I looked through the hatch and saw her lying on the bunk on her side, trying to get up as she heard the noise of the bars opening and closing behind us. 

"She's okay," explained Jennifer, let's leave her?"

"No Jennifer," I replied. "I'd like to go in and check she is okay."

With that, Jennifer unlocked the cell door using the keys on the big key-ring and I headed inside:

"Cathy, are you okay," I asked?

Her hood was tight so full freedom of her mouth would have been restricted but she did mumble that she was a little stiff and needed a piss.

"Cathy, I'd love to help you but I'm a little tied up right now," I explained. I turned towards Jennifer, "Honey, could you please help Cathy to take a piss," I asked sympathetically?

I'm not sure how sympathetic Jennifer was to Cathy's situation but she did help the poor girl onto the toilet in the cell and pulled down her tights and pants to allow Cathy to take a well earned leak, which flowed like Niagara Falls when it started. That complete, Jennifer stood Cathy up, replaced her pants and tights and then redirected her back to the cell bunk, where I was sitting.

"Please, please guys, let me out," pleaded Cathy?

"But Cathy," replied Jennifer. "You wanted to spend all day in bondage so I'm only fulfilling your fantasies!"

"Aw Jennifer," moaned Cathy from behind the black leather hood. "I have spent all day in here so I must have done my time."

"Listen Cathy, David and I are going out for dinner so we'll bring you something back in a few hours," Jennifer went on to say but Cathy wasn't too pleased as she started shouting at us and telling us how unfair this was. Jennifer then helped me to my feet, "Come on David; let's go!"

With those words, I was out of the cell and Jennifer was locking the heavy steel door behind her:

"She'll be alright David," explained Jennifer. "She loves bondage and I bet you that she is really enjoying herself in there right now!"

With some assistance, Jennifer helped me into her Z4 Roadster, with my hands still handcuffed and we were now on route to my house. I was still dressed as a girl and it was May so the evenings were quite bright. As we approached my house, I asked Jennifer to pull into the driveway nearer the house so I could get out in relative privacy. I lived in a new housing development so the area was open-planned and I was a handcuffed blonde female heading into David's house. Jennifer used my keys to open the front door and once inside she turned me around to unlock the handcuffs, which was a real relief after so many hours of bondage. I showed Jennifer into my living room and said that I'd be back after changing and taking a quick shower. To be honest, I'd forgotten that the bloody corset that had squeezed me to death all day was locked to the skin coloured bodysuit and I'd also forgotten that my shoes were also locked on so I was back downstairs in a few minutes:

"Jennifer, would you mind unlocking the corset, bodysuit and shoes?"

Jennifer just smiled and unlocked the tiny padlocks before helping me out of the heels and then she started to unlace and remove the corset, which was an enormous relief after all these hours in restriction. I then headed back upstairs and took off the bodysuit, washed the make-up off my face and within ten minutes I'd showered before getting changed into some male clothes.

"Hey their hunk," were Jennifer's first words as I entered the living room and we kissed for the first time in my house.

Dinner was fantastic and we certainly forgot all about time as we chatted like two long lost friends.

"Shit David, its nine o'clock," piped-up Jennifer. "I'd forgotten about Cathy!"

It was then a mad rush to get a meal-for-one to go before racing across town to Jennifer's estate and freedom for Cathy:

"David, I'll go to the kitchen and set out Cathy's dinner if you go and fetch her from the cells. You can remove her hood but please leave her in the Venus corset and we can have some fun for a little longer?"

It didn't take any more persuasion to go to the cell block, which had a coded access from the outside (Jennifer told me the four-digit PIN). Once inside, I picked up the large key-ring from the cabinet and unlocked the bars and headed straight to Cathy's cell without re-locking the bars. 

"Are you alright Cathy," I asked as I entered the tiny cell?

"I suppose I am," mumbled Cathy in response. "What time is it?"

I told her that it was just after nine-thirty and Jennifer was setting out her dinner so she should hurray up and come with me. As Cathy sat up, I unlaced and removed the leather hood that she'd worn since mid afternoon. Cathy blinked in the light and smiled at me with her long brown hair badly matted from sweat. She tried to get me to remove her dress and unlace the corset but I explained Jennifer would do that later and with those words, we headed out of the cell block and back to the main house:

"Hello you two," greeted Jennifer as Cathy headed for the feast that was now set-out on the kitchen table.

Jennifer and I then took it in turns to feed Cathy her dinner, which I have to say, I really enjoyed:

"Cathy, I like having you this way," I explained as I pushed another fork-full of noodles into her mouth.

"Try spending a day in this fucking corset and see if you like it," replied Cathy as she swallowed the noodles.

"Well Cathy, you didn't complain when I laced you into the corset this morning," teased Jennifer.

"Yeah," replied Cathy. "Back then, I'd no idea I'd still be wearing the fucking thing nine hours later!"

We laughed as Jennifer and I continued feeding our bound friend but at ten-thirty, I smiled at Jennifer and suggested I drive Cathy home.

"Come on guys, let me out of this fucking thing," shouted Cathy!

"Jennifer, can I gag her," I requested?

"Come on Cathy, I'll drive you home and release you when we get back to you place, I explained."

Jennifer fetched the school uniform Cathy had worn last night and with some difficultly we got her into the left hand seat of the Boxster and I drove Cathy home.

"Count yourself lucky Cathy," I explained. "When Jennifer drove me home earlier, I was still dressed as a girl and my hands were cuffed behind my back. It was daylight then and it's now pitch-black!"

By the time we got to Cathy's house, it was clear the day had taken its toll on the poor girl. I helped her into the house and upstairs to her bedroom. I then lifted the heavy armless dress off her bound body, and looked in amazement at the elaborate corset that not only squeezed her abdomen to a tiny diameter but held her arms crossed behind her back.

"That looks fantastic on you Cathy," I explained.

"I'm glad you like it but can you please get me out of it," demanded Cathy!

I was a bit taken back by Cathy's tone and decided to first remove her tights and pants. The idea then hit me; to force the silk / satin pants into her mouth and seal then in place by wrapping the thick Lycra tights around her headed about three times, holding the gag now firmly in place. She MUMPTHED in disgust and I flipped her onto her stomach on the large bed and used my fingers to stimulate some life in this friend of mine who had now been in bondage for around ten hours. It wasn't long before Cathy started to calm down and instead of bucking against her restraints she was bucking to gain more feeling from what I was doing to her. I didn't take long until our rhythm settled down and Cathy exploded!

"I hate you David but I also love you," explained Cathy as I removed the tights and pants that gagged her!

"You're welcome baby," I responded in a teasing voice as I began the job of unlacing the Venus corset that had bound Cathy all day.

Cathy finally emerged from the tight corset and I rubbed some life back into her arms. She admitted that she really enjoyed her weekend:

"Were you jealous David when you saw Karen and I kissing in the cell last night," Cathy asked?

"Not really Cathy," I responded as I held her close while rubbing her shoulders. "Were you jealous, knowing that Jennifer and I had hit it off?"

Cathy then explained that she was a tad jealous but admitted that she was happy that I'd finally found some-one who I really liked and we were able to share our passion with.

"I think you should go to bed Cathy," I suggested. "You've got work tomorrow and I can laze around!"

"What are you going to do with your life David, now you're loaded and don't need to work," she questioned as I got up to head for the door.

"I'm not sure Cathy," I responded. "I might take a trip around the world and then look for a new venture to invest in. Who know but right now I'm going to leave you to sleep and walk the two blocks to my place!"

We then kissed goodbye and I was out into the cool night air for the five minute walk to my house. 

The next week passed slowly. Yes, I had everything I needed but I wondered if Jennifer would ever call me? She had left the bodysuit and dress, including the shoes and wig from the weekend, which I had to admit, I did try on more than one occasion that week. It was Wednesday mid-morning when my mobile phone rang:

"Hey David it's Cathy, Would you like to meet me for lunch today at the office?"

"Sure Cathy, I think I can fit that into my busy schedule," I replied.

We agreed on twelve-thirty and I then headed upstairs to shower, shave and ready myself for a lunch appointment with my bisexual friend. 

I arrived at just after twelve-thirty and noticed Jennifer's Z4 in the car park, next to Cathy's Boxster. Umm, I thought; this could be interesting.

"Hello Mr. Sanderson and how are you today," greeted Nichol the gorgeous receptionist at Cathy's office?

"I'm great today, thanks Nichol. I've got a lunch appointment with Cathy," I responded.

Nichol called up to Cathy's office and in only a matter of seconds, she was in reception, hugging me like a long lost friend:

"I have to say, you're looking really gorgeous today," I complemented Cathy, who was wearing a business suit with incredibly short skirt and thin black tights. Her white blouse was obviously silk and had an open neck, offering me ample view of her large breasts. 

"Well thank you kind sir," replied Cathy. "Let's go upstairs to my office; Jennifer is waiting for us with a nice lunch."

On the way to her office, Cathy explained that Jennifer was a little shy about calling me so asked if she could arrange another get-together so here we are today.

"Hey David, it's lovely to see you again," greeted Jennifer as I entered Cathy's office and she threw her arms around me and we kissed.

Jennifer looked equally as gorgeous as Cathy, wearing a very similar business suit, short skirt, black tights, open neck silk blouse except Jennifer's was blue and she had a bright blue silk scarf tied around her neck in a band style. I was horny just looking at her but soon we were sitting down to lunch at the large board-room table in Cathy's office. The conversation was all based on what I was going to do now that I wasn't working. We discussed holiday locations and our favourite cities to visit. The conversation started coming back to the fashion business so I guess the girls had something they wanted to say to me:

"Okay you two," I piped up. "You clearly want to ask me something or you want my help, what is it?

"Actually David, I asked Cathy to set-up this meeting," explained Jennifer. "One of the areas my business has been branching into is wedding dresses. These are completely bespoke wedding dresses and sell for thousands of pounds and that's just to the trade as I only supply a core few specialists' shops in London."

"I don't understand Jennifer, how can I help you," I asked?

"Well David," Jennifer went on to explain. "One of my clients is a very high-class store in SoHo and has had a strange order for one of their gay clients. To cut a long story short, I need a guy to try on this dress for me?"

I then laughed: "Is that all you want Jennifer?"

Jennifer went on to say that there was more but she'd keep that as a surprise until I visited her factory. I then explained that I was a little uncomfortable going to her offices to try on a dress but Jennifer explained that she's do the fitting at night and there would be no-one at the factory at all. I asked when she wanted to do this and Cathy; smiled saying it was an urgent job and asked if I could help Jennifer out tonight. Jennifer then offered to buy me dinner for helping her. We agreed on seven-thirty at her unit near Standstead that very evening. Lunch continued and was pleasant but I'd to do some shopping before heading out to help Jennifer later so I said goodbye, did what I had to do that afternoon and was at Jennifer's offices bang-on seven thirty!

"Thanks for agreeing to do this David," said Jennifer as she greeted me at the locked reception door and we kissed. 

We then headed upstairs to a studio, where there was a white mass of satin hanging from the ceiling.

"David, would you mind slipping into this body stocking," asked Jennifer as she handed me a package of silky smooth Lycra. "It's part of the outfit and is made of a very expensive mesh of Lycra and satin. It's very durable and very light weight but the suit is completely opaque and will completely hide your body."

I smiled at Jennifer as I started to get undressed. She explained that I had to get completely naked and start putting on the body stocking. It was then I realised this white body stocking had a built in hood but again Jennifer explained that it was part of the dress. The zip opened from the top of the built in hood and ran all the way to the base of the spine. I climbed into the body stocking, which was so smooth and started easing the rest of the silky material around my body. My feet slipped easily into the built in socks and my hands into the built in gloves.&nbsp; My next job was to pull the hood over my head but Jennifer stopped me:

"Hold on a second David, I'd like to gag you," explained Jennifer as she picked up a small white square silk scarf and forced it deep into my mouth.&nbsp; 

That complete, Jennifer used three strips of white duck tape to seal my mouth closed and ensure the silk packing wasn't coming out. It was then time for Jennifer to pull the hood over my head and pull the zip down to the base of my back. I was now sealed into this incredibly comfortable body suit. The hood had two eye-holes and a mesh type affair where my mouth was. I certainly wouldn't be able to eat anything but drinking through a straw wouldn't cause me a problem. This was obviously not going to be a challenge to overcome today as I was currently gagged behind the mesh of the built in hood.

"When we're finished tonight, you can keep the suit David," explained Jennifer. "I made three of them and I can't really sell this one, now you've worn it."

Before Jennifer helped me into the dress itself, she explained that I needed to put on the shoes. These were white leather shoes with a killer heel and a lockable strap. I sat down while Jennifer slipped the shoes onto my feet and locked on the tiny built-in locks. I tried to MUMPH an instruction that basically told Jennifer she didn't need to use all the locks as this was only a fitting but Jennifer just laughed and told me that she wanted to ensure everything was right, including all the locks! Next was the mass of white satin that Jennifer slipped over my head, folding what she could down past my ass until the skirt rested around my ankles. The dress had short puffy sleeves so my silky white arms stuck out but Jennifer explained that she would take care of my arms later, which I guess meant some bondage! The bodice area of the dress was tight but it was made in such a way that meant a white leather corset was about to be applied and this was a very similar Venus corset to the one Cathy wore on Sunday:

"David, this will take a bit of time to get right so please work with me," requested Jennifer as she started placing the white leather corset around my waist.

I was pulled into all sorts of directions a Jennifer laced me into the Venus corset. My arms were folded horizontal along my back and laced tight into the leather corset that now held my arms tight and at the same time started squeezing the life out of me. My panting didn't stop Jennifer pulling on the laces until she was completely happy with the outcome and rear zip was pulled closed and padlocked. The zip to my Lycra bodysuit was now hidden somewhere under the layers of dress and locked leather corset so there was no way I could have got to it anyway. The final item to install on me was the veil. Jennifer went into the other room and returned with another mass of silk, satin and chiffon. At the top of veil was a white plastic mask, which looked like a helmet that hinged on the top and this allowed Jennifer to pull the mask over my head and lower the face-piece, locking the two halves together at my neck. Again, a grill covered my mouth area and two open holes allowed me vision but it was very tight around my face and meant I would struggle to talk but communication was still possible:

"This looks perfect David," explained Jennifer as she pulled the rest of the veil over my head and down over my face, cutting off most of my vision. There is something I haven't told you David. My client from the store in London and her client will be here in ten minutes and I'd like them to see the dress and bondage all in place."

I started to panic and MUMPTHED into the gag but there was nothing I could do. Where could I go? I was dressed a weird fantasy wedding dress and bound into the corset so I was completely in Jennifer's control for now! It was about then the buzzer went off and Jennifer said she'd be back in a minute. She closed the door to the studio so I couldn't even escape without the use of my hands, which were starting to ache from the tightly laced bindings:

"Here he is guys," explained Jennifer as she guided two people into the studio. I obviously couldn't see what they looked like but Jennifer carried on her introductions:

"David, this is Samantha and her client Simon. Simon and Samantha, this is David whom I'm afraid can't shake your hands as he's a little tied up right now!"

Both Simon and Samantha laughed and commented on how wonderful the dress was:

"David, are you comfortable," asked Simon but I could only MUMPH a response back.

"I'm sorry Simon, David's mouth is a little full right now, "explained Jennifer.

She then went on to show both Samantha and Simon the dress, the corset, the shoes and explained how I she'd made two more copies of the body stocking so they would receive completely fresh ones. Jennifer then pulled back the veil and explained how the locking visor / helmet worked and this when I got the first look of both guests. Samantha was bleach blonde and extremely business like; while Simon was clearly gay and feminine one in the relationship.

"It's perfect Jennifer," explained Samantha. "If you can deliver to the store during the week, you can show me how it all works and I will arrange to dress Simon on the big day."

"I'd be happy to help you get Simon prepared for his big day," offered Jennifer. The usual fee would apply but I'm sure Simon would rather be fitted properly into the dress," Jennifer went on to explain.

That agreed, Jennifer, Samantha and Simon shook hands and Jennifer then walked them to the door. She was back in ten minutes:

"You were brilliant David thanks," announced Jennifer as she began preparing to remove the dress.

It took about ten minutes to remove all the cloths and finally I was stepping out of the wonderful silky smooth body stocking, which Jennifer reminded me, I could take home. Another five minutes, meant I was dressed as a guy again and we were off to dinner but in separate cars. This rest of the week was a blur. Jennifer and I swapped telephone numbers that Wednesday night and the TEXTS (SMS) started, including the goodnight phone calls, which went on for hours. It was clear I'd gotten to this girl but where would it lead? We spent another week getting to know each other without any bondage (boring I know) but it was wonderful getting to know a girl who was just as wealthy and me and maybe even a little wealthier! We had dinner at each other's house on several occasions but as I wasn't working, this meant more often at mine!!! During this time, Cathy and I stayed in touch. I think she was more than a little jealous of my new relationship with Jennifer but what did she expect? Cathy had made it clear that we would remain special friends but during the next two weeks, we didn't play any tie-up games at all. This was until Thursday of the third week since that first party at Jennifer's:

I had spent today (Thursday) doing what I usually did; not a lot. I was enjoying my early retirement but it was clear I couldn't carry on but my semi-boredom was interrupted by the phone ringing:

"Hi David, it's Jenn!"

"Hi sweetheart, how are you," I responded?

"I'm great thanks David but I'm looking for a favour," replied Jennifer.

"Sure pet, anything."

"David," Jennifer went on to say. "There's an auction I'd like to go to tonight and I'd like you to join me. It's one of the auction's where the local police sell off their old cars and vans and for a while I've been looking for one of those police vans with a cage in the back, you know one where you get stuffed into when you're nicked?"

I told Jennifer that I knew exactly what she was referring to and I'd be delighted to help her out. I agreed to make an early meal for us and then Jennifer would drive me to the auction, which was in the neighbouring force area of Bedfordshire. For the first thirty minutes we checked out a number of police vans. All had their distinctive police markings removed so they all were plain white. We had a look at a number of vans but Jennifer had her eye on one. This van was a typical white Ford Transit and it didn't even have that distinctive cage in the back. Instead the cage was inside on the right hand side of the van. You accessed the van as normal from the sliding door on the left and there were two tiny cages opposite the open door. There were still seats for the police officers to sit behind the tiny cages.

"I like this one David," explained Jennifer.

"Okay sweetheart, lot number 27 it is then," I replied.


We took our seats inside the auction and watched as the various cars and vans were auctioned off for very little money. Just over an hour into the proceedings, the auctioneer announced lot number 27: 

"A four year-old Ford Transit Van with 120,000 miles on the clock but serviced at the expert hands of the Bedfordshire Police mechanics department. Fully inspected and with a three-month guarantee so where will I start the bid?"

The bidding started at only �500 but quickly two guys had gone up against each other and we were now at �1,750. I looked at Jennifer and she agreed so I popped a bid in at �1,900. It only took another two minutes and �200 to seal the deal so for �2,100 Jennifer had herself and old police Transit with two built in cages. I then spent Friday morning making arrangements to have the van insured for Jennifer. There was still 3-motnhs road fund license so we were ready to collect the van from the auction house on Saturday morning at eleven o'clock.

At about nine thirty on Saturday morning the phone rang:

"Hi David, it's Cathy."

"Hi Cathy what can I do for you," I responded?

"David, I'm horny as hell and want to be tied-up," she explained.

I told Cathy that I'd be over in fifteen minutes and to get ready, which would mean a Lycra Zentai suit. I quickly called Jennifer and told her that I'd be slightly delayed but she explained that she would pick me up from Cathy's in half-an-hour, giving me just enough time to get Cathy into some bondage and then head with Jennifer to pick up the van. 

It only took me a few minutes to walk to Cathy's. As per usual, I rang her door bell as I only ever let myself in when I knew Cathy would be unable to come to the door. On the second ring, I was about to get my own keys out, when a female figure covered from head to toe in bright pink Lycra, with two big brown eyes looking back at me from behind the built in mask (hood with two eye holes only. No nose of mouth holes) finally opened the door.

"You should have let yourself in David," greeted Cathy, followed by a kiss on the mouth but from behind the thick metallic pink Lycra that covered Cathy's mouth.

After entering the house and closing the front door behind me, I followed Cathy up to her bedroom and we discussed what she had in mind for today's bondage. Cathy explained that something simple would do so I used her British Hiatt police cuffs to lock her metallic pink covered wrists behind her back. I made sure the key-holes were on the top side of the cuffs and therefore out of reach of her hands. I've yet to manage to escape these cuffs, even with access to a key:

"Have you been to the toilet Cathy," I then asked as I fetched a pair of 19" leg-irons from her toy cabinet?

"Yes David," replied Cathy. "Just before you arrived."

I instructed Cathy to lie down on her bed, while I threaded the leg-irons through her brass foot-board. I then attached each oversized cuff around Cathy's metallic pink covered ankles and leant down to kiss her on the mouth, while rubbing my hand along her crotch.

"You're such a tease," explained Cathy as she purred with my caress.

Before I left, I asked Cathy if that would do her this morning's session and she nodded.

"Okay Cathy, I'll be back sometime to release you. I'm sure when but I promise that I will be back," I then kissed her on her Lycra covered mouth again and said, "Good-bye."

By the time I made it back downstairs, I could see Jennifer pulling into Cathy's driveway in her Z4. I left the house, locking the door behind me and Jennifer and I kissed as I climbed into the passenger seat.

"I have an idea David," explained Jennifer as we headed off in the direction o Bedford. Why don't you come back here with the van on route to my place and pop Cathy into one of the cages? You can then bring her directly to my cell block and we can keep her locked up over the weekend?"

I agreed with Jennifer's devious plan but deep down I really did love her sense of adventure and soon we were pulling into the auctioneer's compound. As soon as the paperwork was complete, Jennifer handed me the keys to the Ford Transit and I was soon heading back in the direction of Cambridge in a somewhat sluggish van. I pulled into Cathy driveway and drove as up to her garage as possible, meaning the left hand side of the van was well up the driveway and at the side of Cathy's house, which basically meant she would be hidden any view as I took her out to the van and locked her into one of the tiny cages. Before going into fetch Cathy, I unlocked the side sliding door and even unlocked and opened the first cage, nearest the front of the van. That complete, I headed back into Cathy's house via the front door and headed upstairs.

"You're back early," explained my handcuffed metallic covered friend as she attempted to sit up on the bed.

"Don't worry Cathy, I'm not done with you this morning," I replied as I rummaged in one of Cathy's drawers, looking for a scarf to gag her. 

I managed to pick out a blue yellow silk bandana, so this was small enough to pack her mouth. Next, I rummaged in her toy box for a roll of duck tape, which I found very quickly so with my help, I sat Cathy up on her bed and unzipped the built-in hood of her head-to-toe Zentai suit. As her face came free of the thick metallic pink Lycra, our mouths met and we kissed for the first time in ages.

"David, I thought you were Jennifer's now, explained Cathy in a somewhat quiet submissive voice?

"Cathy, you made it clear to me some time ago that nothing would ever come from our relationship," I went on to say. "I'm a red-blooded male and I have craved for the company of female who shares my passion for bondage. Jennifer is that girl, I think; but you will always be my best friend and I don't think Jennifer would disapprove of us only kissing."

We kissed again and I started to put more pressure on her crotch area, which made Cathy relax before I stuffed her mouth full with the yellow silk bandana, followed by the sticky duck tape that would silence my gorgeous wee friend. That complete, I pulled Cathy's mask back up over her head and zipped the hood closed.

"We going out Cathy," I explained as I uncuffed her right ankle and then treaded the chain link back through the brass footboard before re-cuffing her ankle, which would mean short steps for Cathy.

In response, Cathy started to shake her head and MUMPTH wildly into her gag.

"Calm down Cathy, you'll love this surprise," I teased as I helped her up onto her feet while I found a pair of high heeled shoes for her to wear.

I then directed Cathy out of the back door and out to the waiting van in her driveway. Cathy was in no position to argue but fought when she saw the cage and realised that was where she was going! I then had another idea so I closed the cage door, automatically locking it and headed back into Cathy's house. I had to lock the back door anyway and leave through the front door, which would allow me to pick-up the black silk bag hood that Cathy often wore during the sessions in bondage. As soon as I'd found the hood, I went back downstairs, locked the front door and was soon using me keys to unlock the cage door to where Cathy was still seated. As she saw the hood, she started to shake her head again and tried in vain to fight me pulling the thick black silk over her face, tightening the draw-cord around her neck.

"You'll be fine Cathy, I reassured her as I re-locked the cage and slid closed the side door of the old police van. From inside the van, beside the two tiny cages, I climbed back into the drivers-seat and began the slow process of reversing out of Cathy's driveway.

We chatted as I drove the fifteen minutes across town. I should say that it was a fairly one-sided conversation as I talked to Cathy but she continued MUMPTH a response back to me. I was a little worried at Cathy's response to the sudden removal from her house but as I'd often made changes to her bondage mid-session, I didn't really think anything of it. 

As soon as I'd pulled up outside Jennifer's small cell-block, I shouted back at Cathy:

"That's us Cathy, we've arrived!"

Of course Cathy had no idea where she was due to the thick silk hood that blinded her but as I removed her from the van, as Jennifer arrived she again struggled in her bonds, screaming into the gag that kept her from making any sense at all.

"I've no idea what is up with her," I explained to Jennifer as I walked my hooded pink alien friend into the cell block.

"Not to worry David," responded Jennifer as I directed Cathy into the first cell on the left.

I then loosened the draw-strings and removed the hood and once again, Cathy started pushing against me and made an absolute racket in the cell.

"Jenn, I'm going to have to remove her gag and try to find out what is wrong," I explained. "I'm a little worried about her reaction to this session."

"David, just lock her up and leave her to calm down," demanded Jennifer but I wasn't happy.

Jennifer continued to demand I just leave Cathy locked in the cell but I couldn't do this to my friend; I had to understand what was wrong so I unzipped her hood, peeled back the sticky tape and pulled the silk bandana out of her mouth.

"Now Cathy, tell me what is wrong," I asked in a semi-serious tone?

"David, we left Karen back at my place! She is handcuffed to the bed in the spare room. She is also gagged and we can't just leave her there," Cathy explained.

I told Cathy to calm down and i would go back to her house and fetch Karen and bring her back to Jennifer's. Cathy pleaded with me to let her go and explained that they had planned a weekend together. I then told Cathy that they would have their weekend of fun together but here in Jennifer's cell-block. It was clear Cathy wasn't too happy with the prospect of spending the weekend locked up so I simply left her in the cell and locked the heavy steel door behind me.

"I'll go back to Cathy's and pickup Karen," I whispered to Jennifer.

"Okay David," Jennifer whispered in response. "We can keep them here until later tonight and then let them free, meaning we can enjoy a weekend on our own."

That agreed, I was back in the old police van and on route towards Cathy's house again, not sure what I'd find when I got there. Just like before, I puled well into Catthy's driveway and opened the side sliding door and the cage door so it was ready for Karen on my return so within only a few minutes after arriving, I was heading up Cathy's staircase towards the spare bedroom: WOW, I thought I saw the image lying in the double bed in front of me! Karen was lying on her back with her hands cuffed to opposite sides of the brass headboard. Her ankles were tied together and attached to the footboard but what she was wearing was just amazing! I had always guessed that Karen was into sweater bondage so it shouldn't have been a surprise to see her wearing a thick blue cashmere winter sweater, with a large roll-neck collar. Karen was also wearing a long heavy wool (black) skirt, which I later learned was lined inside for added warmth. Her high-heeled leather boots stuck out the bottom of the long skirt and Cathy had clearly tied them with rope, rather than risk damaging the leather by using heavy leg-irons. The next comment I'd make is Karen's face was completely covered by the longest, thickest black fleece scarf I've ever seen! This was tied behind her head but due to the sheer size of the scarf, it completely covered her entire face:

"Hi Karen," it's David I announced but I only got a MUMPH in response so it was time to investigate what was below the thick fleece scarf:

I then sat down on the bed next to Karen and untied the thick fleece scarf. As I guessed it, another long wool scarf (red) had been knotted in the middle, stuffed into her mouth, and tied behind her head, making an excellent cleave gag, which took me a little time to pick the knot and slip the scarf away from behind Karen's teeth:

"Thanks' David," was Karen's opening words, followed by: "Can you please release me?"

"Karen, I'm, not here to fully free you," I explained. "I've taken Cathy over to Jennifer's and she is waiting for you over there. If I'd known you were here, then I'd taken you at the same time as Cathy but I only found out you were here, when I removed Cathy's gag at the cell-block."

"Umm I see David," replied Cathy. "So how do you intend to get me over there without a struggle?"

I look straight into Karen's eyes and told her that she had two options:


The easy way and



The hard way!


"But I might like the hard way," teased Karen.

"Well my little bound friend, it is up to you," I went on to say. "I have an old police van waiting outside for you so I plan to release one of her hands and re-cuff your wrists behind your back. I'm then going to release your ankles and you're going to come with me easily. If you chose option-two, then I'm going to gag you again, tie the big scarf twice around your face, making breathing rather laboured I would have thought and then I'll release you and re-cuff your hands behind your back. Either way, you're coming with me but if you chose option-one, then you'll get to see what is going on and you'll continue to enjoy your Saturday bondage session. By the way, I love your outfit!"

"Thanks David," replied Karen. "Let's go with the easy ay first and you can see what I've got under this thick gorgeous wool exterior."

I didn't need any more encouragement and I unlocked Karen's right wrist from the headboard, leaving the empty cuff, dangling from her right hand. As soon as the left hand was free, I managed to get both her arms behind her back and locked into the handcuffs. 

"Now was easy, wasn't it," I explained as I started to pick at the knots on Karen's leather boots.

As I was doing that; Karen talked about what she was wearing and how she loved wool and lots of it! She went on to tell me that under her outfit she was wearing a pair of thick black ribbed wool tights and a thin cashmere bodysuit that clipped closed at her crotch via the built in bodice. As soon as her ankles were released I helped Karen to her feet but I knew movement was going to be a slow process due to the tightness and length of her wool skirt. Before we left the bedroom, I picked up the long fleece scarf and wrapped it twice around her neck, leaving both ends dangling across her ample chest, which was sticking out slightly more than normal due to Karen's arms being cuffed behind her back.

"Thanks David, I love this scarf," explained Karen.

"I love it too Karen," I replied as we headed downstairs and out of the back door.

"This is fantastic David," said Karen as I helped her up and into the van, sitting her in the front cage and closing the door, locking it automatically.

"I'll be back in a minute," I explained as I slid the side door closed and went around to lock Cathy's back door and exit the way I went in.

We were able to chat as I drove the ten minutes to Jennifer's. Karen was in form today and told me all about her fetish for wool and how much she loved the 80's school disco only a few weeks earlier. She also offered to let me try out some wool clothing but I explained that it would have be later as we were now outside Jennifer's cell block.

"Did she give you any trouble David," asked Jennifer as she kissed me on arrival.

"No, not at all pet," I replied as I removed Karen from the tiny cage. "I'd even go to say that Karen is a model prisoner." 

Jennifer and I then directed Karen through the locked bars and stood her outside Cathy's locked cell:

"Look who is here to see you Cathy," said Jennifer as she ushered Karen into the small cell to meet her girlfriend.

Cathy struggled to her feet from the cell bunk with her hands still cuffed behind her back. Both girls then starting kissing, which meant a bulge was starting to grow in my trousers.

"Come on Jennifer, let's leave these two love birds to it," I said, nearly dragging Jennifer out of the cell, locking the heavy door behind me. 

As soon as we were out of the cell, we started kissing and fondling each other. Boy did I like this blonde, who wore leather corsets as much as she could and I loved the way it felt and formed her fantastic figure. We then headed over towards the big house and we chatted on route.

"Did you like what Karen was wearing Jennifer," I asked?

"Yes David, Karen's a wool fetishist and it's wonderful, would you like to try it," replied Jennifer?

Jennifer now realises that I'd try anything so within ten minutes of returning to the house, I was naked while Jennifer laced me into her favourite locking leather corset that also offered me an ample chest. Next, I was pulling on a pair of thick woollen ribbed tights, which weren't as nice as the thick Lycra tights I'd worn previously but I was getting the idea. Jennifer then offered me a strange long sleeved wool bodysuit, which must have been something similar to the one Karen was wearing, except this one had a built in woollen balaclava. I had to tug and pull to get the bodysuit over my torso and soon I had my head slipped into the balaclava, which had two holes for my eyes and a single hole for my mouth. Jennifer then instructed me to fashion the poppers on the crotch, before handing me a pair of high heeled, knee high leather boots to slip over my feet and legs. Finally, Jennifer fetched a large and extremely heavy black sweater-dress from the closet.

"You'll love this one David," explained Jennifer."This is my favourite sweater-dress that is the warmest I could make, given I wasn't using mohair."

I again, soon got the picture as I pulled the mass of black and very soft wool over my already wool covered head and soon Jennifer was smoothing out the soft material about my body, which came from the large roll-neck to just above my ankles, which were already starting to hurt in the high heeled boots.

"This is lovely Jennifer," I explained as I looked at the strange black wool figure in the mirror.

Jennifer starting snuggling and kissing my wool covered neck from behind and as I reached round my back to touch her, I felt the familiar sound and feeling of the hinged cuffs being snapped around both writs.

"Hey, that's not fair, Jennifer," I shouted!

"Oh stop your complaining David, you love it really," teased Jennifer in response as she led me out towards the cell block.

"Look ladies what we have here," explained Jennifer as I was shoved inside the small cell with Cathy and Karen.

Karen smiled as I entered the cell but Cathy's reaction was hidden behind a layer of thick Lycra and the hoods of her Zentai catsuit. 

"Come in and sit down between us," were Karen's next words as she patted the small prison cell bunk and directed Cathy to move over.

I nervously moved towards the cell bunk and the two handcuffed ladies, that at this precise moment, I didn't really trust even if they both had their hands securely cuffed behind their back (just like me). As I sat down between Cathy and Karen, Jennifer approached and unwound Karen's massive fleece scarf from around her neck:

"I think we need to even things up a little," explained Jennifer as she re-wound the long scarf twice around Karen's face, tying it behind her head. 

Karen complained at Jennifer's harsh treatment but I guess Jennifer didn't really give a shit as she exited the cell, locking the heavy steel door behind her.

"Now what do we do," I asked in a sarcastic voice?

Cathy then stood up and moved around me until she got to where Karen was sitting. She then straddled her wool covered knee and said:

"I'm not sure about you David, but we plan to get right back to where we left off!"

With that, Cathy pushed her Lycra covered face as hard as she could into Karen's face, which was now well padded by the incredibly thick fleece scarf that covered the entire lower part of her face. There really wasn't anything else I could so but watch these two handcuffed ladies, get stuck into each other as best they could. I eased myself to the end of the bed where the pillows were and sat more comfortably, watching the special that unfolded right in front of my eyes.

Karen and Cathy went on for ages. Using her nose, Cathy managed to pull Karen's scarf down a bit but the fleece was simply too thick and bunched around her neck, which basically meant Karen's face was still covered in thick fleece and just her nose was uncovered. 

"Ladies, if you break for just a minute, I might be able to help you," I interrupted.

Both girls stopped and looked straight at me both Karen broke the silence:

"What have you in mind David," asked Karen?

"Cathy, if you get off Karen for a minute and Karen you lie yourself down beside me, I might be able to pick the knot on the back of your scarf," I explained.

Without any hesitation, Cathy reversed herself back onto her feet and Karen eased her handcuffed body to flop down beside me. This enabled me to pick the knot in the massive scarf and soon it fell from her face, freeing her mouth and allowing at least one of the two girls to use her tongue.

"Cathy, it's now your turn," I suggested. "If you kneel down on the floor beside me, I might be able to get hold of the zip and at least pull your hood down."

Again, Cathy took no time to hesitate and soon she was kneeling on the floor in front of me and I had turned around to try and get hold of the small zip that rested on top of her head. It wasn't easy but in a slow process, I managed to pull the zip, peeling the pink Lycra away from Cathy's head until her face finally popped out from behind a mass of crumpled Lycra.

"Thanks David, how can we repay you," asked Cathy as she stood up and push her head towards mine for a kiss. 

"I'd love it if you could remove my hood girls but I'm afraid it is part of a cashmere bodysuit that I'm wearing below this sweater-dress so I'm stuck in here, I went on to tell them both.

This didn't stop Cathy forcing her tongue through the mouth hole of my built in balaclava and kissing me hard.

"It's my turn Cathy," shouted Karen as she eased herself into a position to kiss me and boy was she a good kisser!

By the time Jennifer managed to get back to the cell door, both girls were taking it in turns to eat my face and I'm not sure Jennifer was too happy as she unlocked and opened the cell door:

"Ladies, David is mine," she screamed as she burst into the tiny cell. "And how the fuck did you manage to free your faces?"

"Actually Jenn, that's my fault," I owned up but by now, Jennifer was dragging me to my feet.

At this point I hadn't even noticed that Jennifer had changed into a wool outfit as well. It wasn't an elaborate outfit and just a thick roll-neck cashmere sweater (black) with a short red and black tartan mini skirt. She was wearing thick Lycra tights and not wool ribbed ones like Karen and I and her feet were strapped into high heeled sandals. Jennifer then dragged me out of the cell, locking the door behind us and leaving poor Cathy and Karen to their own devices.

"I think you need some time to cool off MR," explained Jennifer as I was deposited in the cell opposite Karen and Cathy's, the same cell I'd spent a night in, several weeks earlier.

I didn't even get time to explain myself as Jennifer left me alone, locked inside and that's where I stayed for the next hour or so, still handcuffed and wearing the thick layers of wool that were slowly cooking me!

It was well into the early evening when Jennifer returned, still wearing the wool sweater and tartan mini skirt.

"Are you okay David," Jennifer asked as she sat down beside me and shoved her tongue through the hole in my balaclava and then into my mouth?

"I'm fine thanks love," I replied. "I'd love to get out of these cuffs, please; my arms are starting to get sore?"

"In a little time David," Jennifer went on to explain. "First I'm going to get Cathy and Karen transported back to Cathy's house in the van, is that okay?"

I then tried to tell Jennifer that it would be easier with my help and she should release me but Jennifer ignored me and once again I was sitting in the tiny cell on my own, while she went across the hall to the other cell to release Cathy and Karen. I could hear the commotion as one-by-one the two prisoners were removed from their cell and led out to the prison van and no doubt into one of the tiny cages. For the next thirty or forty minutes, I remained alone, locked inside one of Jennifer's cells and awaiting her return. You can then imagine the surprise when Jennifer did return, but a prisoner herself at the hands of Karen and Cathy who were now free:

"Well now David, look what we managed to achieve when Jennifer finally uncuffed us both back at Cathy's place," explained Karen.

Jennifer was then shoved inside the cell but she was blind! Karen's massive fleece scarf was now tied around her head covering her entire face in thick fleece. It was then Cathy took pity on Jennifer and untied the scarf and Jennifer blinked as she got light back into her eyes. 

"I'm sorry David," were Jennifer's first words as she approached the bunk to sit down beside me.

I should point out that Cathy was now dressed in wool herself. She wore a lime-green 80's style; off-the-shoulder sweater-dress that was loose around her body and then tightened around her ass and ended half way down her thigh. She also wore thick black Lycra tights and knee high leather boots. 

"Enjoy yourselves, were Karen's next words as out two captors exited the cell, locking Jennifer and I inside!

"How the hell did they over-power you Jennifer," I asked?

"David, I'm so stupid," Jennifer went on to say. "I released Cathy's hands first and at that point I should have left, leaving Cathy (now free) to unlock Karen's wrists. I broke my own rule and then unlocked Karen. At the point the second cuff released, Karen swung around and grabbed my arms. Cathy soon joined in, taking the British rigid cuffs she'd been wearing all day and within a matter of seconds, they were both locked around my wrists. Karen then took her fleece scarf and I was then in the dark. I guess they matched me to the van because I was soon locked in on the cages and on my way over here."

We then sat on the cell bunk and chatted, trying to figure out what Cathy and Karen would do with us. Neither of us knew and this was the first time in Jennifer's and my short relationship that she was now in some sort of bondage and I have to admit, I was now enjoying myself. We did kiss quite a lot. I suppose it was a little one sided as I still wore the balaclava but we did manage with the mouth hole and soon we were getting extremely horny, with absolutely no way to release our frustration. After about an hour, Cathy retuned and instructed me to get up and follow her. Jennifer complained but had no option but to sit in the cell and wait whatever came next. I was led back to the house where the smell of cooking was thick in the air. Cathy then sat me down at the table in the large kitchen and Karen turned to talk first:

"David, we can't overlook the fact you were a co-constitutor in our imprisonment today but you were nice to us, Cathy and I agree that you should be free with some power over Jennifer for a while."

This was certainly an interesting turn over events as I agreed to behave and as a result, I was soon free of the handcuffs that Jennifer had locked me in, several hours earlier. Cathy then went on to suggest that I take a tray of food over to Jennifer and I can feed her. I thought this would be a fantastic idea so with Cathy leading, I headed back to the cell block and spent the next thirty or so minutes, locked in the cell with Jennifer, feeding her dinner, which I have to say was a fantastic experience and a real turn-a-round in fortunes.

"David, you can now remove the cashmere body suit," explained Jennifer.

"I know I can," I responded. "To be honest with you Jenn, I kind of like the way it makes me feel. The wool is so soft and warm; maybe I'm turning into a wool fetishist?"

Jennifer just laughed and we kissed again but soon Cathy was back to take me away:

"David, can you please turn around? I want to release Jennifer but first I need to handcuff you," she explained.

I did as I was told and once again my arms were locked tightly behind my back in Jennifer's hinged handcuffs. That complete, Jennifer was instructed to lie on her stomach while Cathy unlocked and removed her handcuffs. I then headed out of the cell and it was then I noticed the keys to the door were still in the lock so with one swift move, restricted by the simple fact my hands were cuffed behind me back, the cell door was pushed closed, locking itself automatically. Cathy yelled at me as the door closed and locked but it was now too late! I then had to deal with the handcuffs, which I knew I couldn't unlock myself if the keyhole was pointing up and away from my wrists. As luck would have it, the keyholes were pointing down so after using my cuffed hands to turn around and double lock the cell door, I pulled the bunch of keys and began to search for a handcuff key. Again lady luck was on my side and after a little struggling, I was free! I couldn't believe my luck but I now had to deal with Karen who was back at the house, clearing up after dinner. They had promised to plate me up something to heat later but both Cathy and Karen ate in the kitchen while I fed Jennifer is the prison cell. My only solution was to jump Karen and somehow get her into the cell block but I had to trick her in some way as I didn't want a struggle. The first cell on the left was still lying open from the point Cathy and Karen had been released so I used that as diversion, left it open and headed back to the house, with the open handcuffs in hand! I also left the barred gate open and while this might have been a risk, I needed to get Karen into a cell without too much trouble so without the bars locked, would certainly make my life easier.

"Karen; Karen, come quickly," I shouted as I re-entered the house. "Jennifer is giving Cathy some trouble and she needs your help!"

I know, it was a stupid thing to say but it was working as Karen and I headed back across to the cell block and Karen headed straight to the open cell, with me only feet behind. The cell door SLAMMED closed behind Karen and now she was trapped in the cell. I now had my three prisoners and it was time for dinner! I ignored all verbal abuse coming from the two opposite cells and locked the barred gate behind me. I took my time over dinner and enjoyed a couple of beers, which Jennifer had very kindly purchased in anticipation of me spending more time with her. I also wanted to consider my options and what I was going to do with my three female prisoners. Dinner was awkward with the balaclava but I was enjoying the wool cloths so much, I decided to remain in costume for now and deal with my prisoners after I'd finished. 

It was around nine o'clock when I'd made my decision and that was to keep all three locked up for the night so off I headed, back towards the small cell block. 

"Ladies, I'm back," I shouted as I entered the cell block opening and closing the barred gate behind me, ensuring it was locked at all times!

I first prepared the second cell on the left for Cathy by opening it up and checking it was fully stocked and able to take a resident for the night. I then headed back across the hall to the cell door, where both Jennifer and Cathy were securely locked inside:

"Okay ladies, time for one of you to be released," I explained from behind the cell door, watching what was going on via the small service hatch. "Jennifer, please handcuff Cathy's hands behind her back with the rigid cuffs you were wearing earlier?"

I watched as Cathy allowed Jennifer to lock her hands behind her back.

"Now Jennifer, take these cuffs," I explained as I handed the hinged cuffs through the small service hatch. "Please lock your own hands behind your back?"

"David, what are you doing," asked Jennifer from behind the locked door as she took the handcuffs from my hand?

"Jennifer, please just do what I ask," I responded. "You're in no position to argue!"

With that I watched as Jennifer locked her own wrists into the hinged handcuffs and as soon as that was done, I unlocked the cell door:

"Cathy, please come with me," I demanded?

With a little hesitation, Cathy exited the cell, which I quickly closed and locked behind her.

"Please make your way across the hall to the open cell," I asked in a serious but relaxed tone?

I then directed Cathy into the open cell and asked her to kneel on the ground:

"I'm going to unlocked your wrists now Cathy," I went on to explain. "As soon as I unlock your first wrist, I want you to put you free hand on your head and then your next as it is released. You will stay there until I'm out of the cell, do you understand?"

"Yes David, but why the increased security; this is just a game," Cathy responded.

"Yes Cathy, it is a game but I plan to spend the rest of the evening and night in the house in Jennifer's big comfy bed while the three of you spend a night in the cells," I went on to say.

Cathy clearly wasn't happy but agreed to comply and soon her hands were released and she was locked inside the cell for the night. I then headed back to Jennifer's cell and unlocked the heavy steel door and sat down beside her on the bunk.

"Hello sweetheart," were her first words, followed by, "Can I now come back to the house with you?"

"Nope, not tonight darling," I responded. "Remember you locked me in here two weeks ago? Now it is your turn to spend a night in the cells and I'm going to spend a night in your comfy big bed!"

"Come on David, this isn't fair," replied Jenifer.

"It may not seem fair to you petal but you've had your fun over the last few weeks so do you not agree that it is time for me to enjoy myself," I replied?

That agreed (well what choice did Jennifer have), we began to kiss and kiss hard! Jennifer remained handcuffed and I enjoyed being in control. I began to rub her cashmere covered chest and rub my hands up and down her lovely smooth, Lycra clad legs. Soon the petting got more serious; I removed Jennifer's shoes, followed by her tartan mini skirt and tights. She was wearing silk pants so they came off last and then I began to tease her clit. Jennifer pushed as hard as she could to gain more pressure from my fingers and after five minutes of teasing, she finally exploded with an orgasm.

"Fuck me David, that was fantastic," whispered Jennifer as she tried to get her breath back. "Can you un-cuff me now?" 

"I'll unlock your hands but on one condition Jenn," I offered. "I'd like to have a bath tonight and I need out of this fucking corset, which is squeezing the life out of me!"

"And, if I refuse to tell you where the keys are," Jennifer teased?

"Well then my little friend, you remain handcuffed for the entire night," I reminded her. "It is your choice to remain handcuffed in here and enjoy an uncomfortable night in sympathy with me back in your lovely big comfy bed or you can at least get a good night's sleep in this cell, which I'll also enjoy back in your comfy bed!"

Jennifer then told me that there was a spare key to padlock on my corset on the bunch of keys and after some prodding for more information on the terms that if the key didn't fit, I'd be back to put Jennifer into a hogtie for the night, she showed me which key would unlock my corset.
I then agreed to remove the cuffs but being as security conscious as I could I told her face down on the bunk as I unlocked and removed the handcuffs.

"That's you free now Jenn, enjoy your night in prison," I teased as I left the cell, locking the door behind me.

Before leaving the cell block, I checked on the other two girls who were now settling down to a night in jail, which I'm sure they had done many times before. I then left the cell-block, locking the gate and outside door, setting the lights to automatically go out at ten thirty. Back at the house it was time for me to come so a little PAMELA-HAND was going to be used tonight as I pulled off the heavy wool sweater-dress, popped open the bodice of the cashmere bodysuit and pulled down my tights to allow me to grab hold of my own dick. Leaving the leather boots in place and the remainder of my tights bodysuit, including the built in balaclava and not forgetting the leather corset; gave me the edge I needed and it was less than ten minutes until I reached at satisfying climax! After removing the rest of the wonderful soft woolly clothing including the corset (so the key did work) I was ready to take a good long soak in the bath. I was the in bed (Jennifer's) and watching TV by midnight.

I had a comfortable night's sleep but I was constantly horny, which wasn't helped by the fact I constantly thought about my three prisoners who were spending a night in the cell block, less than 100 meters away from the house. I was beginning to fall for Jennifer and wanted to spend Sunday alone with her so I pondered what to do and this made me even more horny! Sleep finally took hold of me at some point in the early hours of Sunday morning so it was day-light when life finally came back to me around nine-thirty:

I still had the problem of what to do with Cathy, Karen and Jennifer this morning but first I had to shower and prepare myself for the day, including breakfast, which I decided I'd take over to their cell block. Once showered and dressed in the same male cloths I'd spent very little of yesterday wearing, I made a tray of food, including sausages, egg, bacon, toast, orange juice and coffee. I popped everything on a large and I have say quite heavy tray and headed over to see my prisoners. It was awkward getting into the cell block with the tray but once inside the locked barred-off cell area, I distributed the food into three separate portions and start delivering them to the girls:

First I unlocked Cathy's cell door: "Good morning sleepy head, here is some breakfast." Cathy was still in bed and clearly naked but as we'd seen each other naked on so many times previous, then no-one really cared. "I'll be back in an hour Cathy so enjoy your breakfast and please get dressed?" Cathy reminded me that she only had her metallic pink Zentai suit to wear so I smiled and said that it would be fine. I then left a pair of S&amp;W handcuffs in the cell and instructed her to cuff her own hands behind her back when she was ready.

Next it was Karen's turn: "Good morning Karen," I said as I unlocked her cell door and offered her breakfast. Karen was already dressed, wearing the same wool clothing she had on yesterday. "Here is a pair of handcuffs," I explained as I offered her another pair of standard S&amp;W cuffs. I gave Karen the same instruction to cuff her own hands behind her back after breakfast and I'd be back in an hour.

Finally it was Jennifer's turn. Both Karen and Cathy were already locked up again so I entered Jennifer's cell where she was sitting on her bunk, showered and dressed and awaiting release: "Here is some breakfast gorgeous," I announced on entering her cell. I didn't leave any handcuffs with Jennifer as I had other plans for her today and after a quick kiss, I said that I'd be back in an hour.

By the time I'd finished my own breakfast and headed back to the cell block, all three girls (prisoners) had also finished their breakfast. I used the small lockable hatch on cell doors to check on Cathy and Karen. Both were sitting on their bunks and looked to be handcuffed. I aksed both to stand up and turn around so I could see their hands were locked behind their back and then after closing the hatch again, I headed over to see Jennifer:

"Hello again stranger," I said as I entered the cell, where Jennifer was sitting on the chair at the desk, watching the BBC breakfast show.

"Good morning David, can I leave now," asked Jennifer?

I explained that she was free but I also talked Jennifer through the situation with Karen and Cathy and I suggested I should take then back to Cathy's. Jennifer agreed and with her help, we got both guests into the old police van and locked into separate cages. I told Jennifer that I'd be back in thirty minutes and then I was off towards Cathy's house on the other side of town. After entering Cathy's house (alone) by the front door, I exited the back door and removed both girls at the same time from the prison van. I then matched both upstairs to Cathy's bedroom but security was my first objective based on Jennifer's experience yesterday:

"Okay girls, we're not going to have the same problem as Jennifer had yesterday so I'm going to make things a little difficult for you both," I went on to explain. "First of all, I'm going to use a leg-iron to attached one of your ankles to the bed Cathy. I'm then going to take Karen through the spare bedroom and re-attached her to the bed, a bit like I found her yesterday. Once Karen is secure, I'm going to come around and release your hands and I will leave you a key to the leg-irons. This should give me enough time to be out of the house before you have time to release yourself and Karen."

Both girls knew I was serious and without any problems, Cathy's right ankle was soon locked in a leg-cuff and the other cuff locked around part of the frame of Cathy's king-sized bed. Next I took Karen through to the spare bedroom but had another idea to reduce my vulnerability. There was still a handcuffs lying open from yesterday, attached to the brass frame at the head of the bed. I managed to position Karen onto the bed with her back as close to the head board as I could. I then used the free set of handcuffs to attach her already cuffed hands (behind her back) to the bed-frame. 

"That should keep out of trouble," I explained to Karen as I stood up to admire my handy-work. "Ah one more thing Karen," I explained as I leant down and removed her massive fleece scarf before wrapping it twice around her face and tying it off behind her head. "I know you love it Karen and I hate to disappoint a lady!"

"Thank you very much," replied Karen in a slightly muffled and sarcastic tone from behind the thick layers of soft woolly fleece, that now engulfed her entire face.

I then returned to Cathy who was now sitting on the side of the bed, still wearing her metallic pink Zentai suit with the built-in hood hiding al facial features except her beautiful big eyes. Her hands were still securely cuffed behind her back and I was tempted to play with her, before any release:

"Have you enjoyed your weekend so far Cathy," I asked?

"Yes David," it's been fantastic so far, Cathy went on to say. "It will continue as soon as you release me and I have the day to enjoy Karen."

I then decided not to go any further and unlocked Cathy's wrists. Within five minutes, I was out of the house and back into the police van on my way back to Jennifer's estate.

I'd only been away about forty-five minutes when I managed to get back to the estate and I parked the van beside the old cell-block and headed back towards the big house, where I expected to find Jennifer:

"Hi honey, I'm home," I shouted as I entered the front door!

"Hey David, I'm glad you're back," yelled Jennifer from upstairs! "Go into the kitchen and put on the kettle please, I'll be down in a minute!"

Being a typical English girl, Jennifer loved her tea and I'm sure she would drink at least ten to twelve cups of tea per day. As I finished poring a cup of tea for Jennifer and a cup of coffee for myself, the love of my life arrived in the kitchen and what a site!

"Fuck me Jenn, you look gorgeous," I commented as a thing of beauty arrived in the kitchen.

Jennifer had gone all out today! She was now dressed in a black leather corset dress that held her boobs tight, along with her stomach and ended in a puffed out mini skirt. She was wearing black stockings (I think) and a pair of high-heeled strappy shoes. She also had a long black silk scarf tied around her neck in a band and the two ends dangled from the tight knot at the back of her neck and most of the way down her back. Jennifer's long blonde hair was now in a pony-tail and fuck, did she look good!

"I'm glad you like it David," teased Jennifer as she approached and kissed me while picking up the cup of tea.

We sat in the living-room listening to some music while chatting:

"Do you know something David," Jennifer started to say: "I thought you might like this outfit on me and I'm wearing it for your benefit. I've no knickers on and wearing stockings means we can fuck without me having to undress!"

She wasn't kidding! I eased my hands along her silky smooth stocking and past the hem of her leather skirt and up to a warm and very moist place that caused this gorgeous blonde to coo as my fingers teased her most private of places.

"Let's go upstairs Jennifer announced," as she took my hand and led me towards her bedroom and the bed I'd slept in last night (alone).

As we entered Jennifer's bedroom she stopped and we kissed again. Her hands reached for my crotch and she grabs hold of the&nbsp; growing lump in my jeans. She ordered me to strip and with her help, I was naked in seconds. We kissed some more and then as you would expect, we ended up on the bed. More kissing followed and Jennifer took control while on top of me:

"David, last night was actually the first time I've spent a night in the cells, " Jennifer began to explain. "I've locked plenty of other people into the cells for the night but last night was the first time I've actually been locked in one myself and fuck, it made me horny!"

By now she had slipped her wet pussy over my dick and slid me in. She was thrusting on top as she talked about how being locked up and in my control made her crave me even more! Jennifer also explained that having me dressed in girls cloths was a real turn-on and she wanted to spend even more time with me.

"Fuck this feels good," I screamed with every thrust of Jennifer's leather clad body. "I promise I'm yours Jenn and I might even be falling in love with you!"

"Me too," screamed Jennifer as she thrust even harder!

I couldn't hold on any longer and shot my load into Jennifer. I was keen that she gained release also so I flipped this beautiful leather clad blond on her back and I thrust my fingers into her cunt and played with her clitoris until she exploded only a few minutes behind me. We then collapsed on the bed beside each other and started to kiss some more.

"David, I'd like you to handcuff me again and take me over to the cells," Jennifer asked in a submissive voice?

"Certainly sweetheart," I replied, "but I need to dressed first!"

"David," would you mind cross dressing again today for me," requested Jennifer?

Who was I to complain as I loved the way being dressed as a girl felt and the way Jennifer loved me also. I we still naked and after going to the toilet, I met Jennifer in the spare bedroom, where she was preparing an outfit for me. First I was put into the corset I wore yesterday and after being laced up tight, the zipped was pulled up but not locked today. Next I was handed a pair of thick red Lycra tights, which complemented the bright blue summer dress that was pulled over my head and zipped from the rear. Jennifer then handed me a pair of high-heeled strappy shoes to put on while she picked out an auburn wig for me to wear.

"David, before I put this wig on your head, I'm going to mask your male face with this silk scarf," explained Jennifer.

Jennifer then approached with a bright red silk square, which she started folding into a triangle of thick soft silk. She held the scarf up to the bridge of my nose and tied the two ends at the back of my head. The two silk ends of the scarf were then pulled around and under my chin and around my neck and tied a second time in a double bow. Finally Jennifer placed the long auburn wig on my head:

"You look good enough to eat now David," explained Jennifer as we kissed, which was an amazing experience through the soft sea of silk that masked my face.

I have to admit that I felt wonderful walking back towards the cell block, hand-in-hand with Jennifer. I had gotten used to being cross dressed in her company and because we were in her private grounds, I certainly wasn't worried about anyone else seeing us. The silk scarf-mask was a little weird I suppose but Jennifer was happy so who was I to argue? Jennifer then used a bunch of keys to unlock and then re-lock the bars behind us. We then went into the open cell on the right, where Jennifer had spent all of last night. This was also the same cell I had spent an entire night about three weeks ago.

"David, I'd like to make love to you again but in this cell," requested Jennifer.

Who was I to argue but I wanted to add a little something:

"Jenn, I'm going to handcuff you to the bunk so give me a minute or two to get some cuffs from the toy cabinet and I'll be back," I explained before leaving Jenn in the cell (unlocked) and fetching a pair of standard S&amp;W police handcuffs.

Once back in the cell I handcuffed Jennifer's hands above her head to the prison cell bunk and started to play with her body. I then started to kiss her through the incredibly soft silk that hid my entire lower face and therefore hiding any male features. At one point I reach her crotch which was moist again and Jennifer started to demand that I fucked her. At that point in the proceedings, I untied the band of black silk from around her neck and used the long scarf to tie twice around Jenifer's heading, pulling the silk deep into her mouth and effectively gagging her. This clearly got Jennifer more excited as she screamed into the gag to be fucked, which meant I need to lose the tights. I pulled then down to my ankles and removed them completely as the shoes came off and I then pounded Jenifer to her second orgasm of the day! I then flopped on top of my bound and gagged girl friend and relaxed a little, while my dick shrunk from inside it's warm and soaking wet cavern. I was about to pull down the red silk mask but Jennifer shook her head, which told me she liked me masked and I should therefore leave the scarf in place. I was getting hot under the thick sea of silk but I wasn't going to argue with Jennifer who was clearly enjoying the way I was dressed. Within a few minutes of climaxing, I climbed off Jennifer and headed to the small bathroom to clean up and get back into the bright red tights and high-heeled shoes. That complete it was time to release Jennifer from the handcuffs and allow her to clean up also. I was sitting on the bunk when Jennifer returned, with the scarf gag now hanging lose around her neck:

"David, do you realise that we have something amazing here," explained Jennifer? "I've been looking for a guy like you for years and now I've got you, I never want us to be apart. My biggest concern right now is that you're thinking of globetrotting for a few months and I'm not sure I can bear to be away from you!"

"I know how you feel sweetheart," I responded. "I think I'm going to put the world tour on hold for a while but I still want to travel and would like you to join me? I haven't told you this, but I've booked a week-long trip to Dubai, leaving next Thursday and I wonder if you'd like to join me? The trip is only to last a week and then we'll be coming home."

Jennifer tried to make some excuses about work but admitted that she could do some business in the UAE while out there so it was decided, we'd go on holiday together for a week to Dubai. 

The rest of that Sunday we continued to lie on the bunk of the tiny cell and played a little more with each other but by seven in the evening, I was back in my male cloths and Jennifer changed into something a little more appropriate to go out for dinner.

On Monday, I made a second reservation on Emirates from London Heathrow to Dubai. One of the reasons I picked this route was I wanted a trip on the new Airbus A380 and the superb first-class double bunk that was still available on both sectors (out and back). The trip to Dubai was truly fantastic and Jennifer and I arrived at our bungalow in a privately run beach resort, only minutes from the main centre of town. We settled into a routine for the first two days of relaxing, eating and enjoying each other company in a completely different setting. It was clear that Jennifer wanted to meet some apparel businesses while in Dubai so I relaxed and enjoyed my early retirement while she did all the work.

On the fourth day of our Dubai holiday, Jennifer called me around 2PM from a meeting she was having across town:

"David," Jenifer announced from the other end of the phone: "I'm heading back to get changed for another meeting I have with some business contacts outside town. I'll be gone until the early hours so I'm going to bring one of the senior partners of the businesses I'm working with out here to look after you this evening. Her name is Alisha and she says that she is going to show you a part of Dubai that no tourist will ever see."

I was intrigued to see more of Dubai and I looked forward to my late afternoon, early evening time with someone new, who was a local and who could show me this wonderful city. When Jennifer and Alisha finally arrived, I simply wasn't ready for what I was presented with:

"David, this is Alisha from the company I've been working with this week," introduced Jennifer as a figure covered head-to-toe in black silk bowed her head:

"David, it is a pleasure to meet you," said Alisha.

Jennifer and I had been in Dubai for four days now so we were getting used to seeing a lot more woman wearing Burka's than back home in the UK. The culture of the Burka was certainly intriguing and I was keen to finally meet a girl who was hidden from society by a thick layer of black silk, with her eyes the only visual reference behind a postage slit in a built-in head covering. Why would she cover up in this way and what was she hiding if anything?

Jennifer changed and was gone. I offered Alisha a cup of coffee but she declined saying that she would be unable to drink it in front of me.

"Alisha, I'm happy to respect your culture and while I have to say I find the whole Burka culture a little strange, I accept that I'm in your country," I explained.

"Oh David, I am not Muslim," Alisha explained. "I'm originally from New Hampshire and moved here with my parents about twenty years ago. I love the culture in Dubai and while working in the cloths business, I met lots of local girls who wore the Burka as part of their religion and after trying one on three years ago, I find the whole experience rather exciting. I'm a natural blonde and therefore stick-out-like-a-sore-thumb in Dubai. I hate the way local men stared at me so the Burka makes me like any other local girl and I have come to really enjoy the experience. I also love wearing sexy underwear and as I'm wearing nothing else under this Burka except black silk stockings attached to a black leather corset, I'm sure you will understand the possibilities this Burka offers me?"

I then tried to explore why Alisha wouldn't take a drink from me but I was keen to get out of the bungalow and see the Dubai, Jennifer had promised. As we left the house, Alisha introduced me to Ben our driver and the large S-Class company Mercedes. I was unsure why Alisha was incredibly unsteady getting in and out of the car and that meant, I'd really no idea what was really going on under her black silk overall! We cruised around the city for just over an hour with Alisha telling me all about how Dubai grew from the desert so few years ago. Finally it was getting dark and we arrived in the seedy part of town:

"This is my favourite part of Dubai," explained Alisha. "You might call it the red-light district but in the UAE prostitution is illegal so everything happens behind closed doors."

I had no real interest in the red light district but soon we were in a part of town, full of eastern style stores and bizarre's:

"This is where Jennifer has been working for the past few days David," Alisha went on to explain. 

"But these stores seem to sell Burka's," I questioned?

"That's correct David," Alisha went on to tell me. "Jennifer has been working with our business to try and arrange an agreement to import our high quality Burka's into the UK."

It was then we pulled up outside one of the stores that Alisha was referring to. I got out of the car first and then helped Alisha out but it was then it hit me:

"Alisha, your arms are bound behind your back," I commented in shock!

"And it has taken you this long to work that out," teased Alisha in response! "Yes David, like Jennifer and yourself, I'm a massive fan of bondage and the Burka allows me to travel outdoors in many restrictive ways. Would you like to see what I've got on under this Burka?"

I agreed to go into the store with Alisha and saw many woman, wearing the strange garment that now intrigued me so much. It was weird because the assistants in the store all seemed to know me and said HELLO as Alisha led me through the store and into a comfortable living area in the back.

I should have guessed there was going to be some sort of set-up!!!

"David, can you please help me," asked Alisha as I was instructed how to lift the heavy silk from her body?

"WOW Alisha," was my only comment as the heavy layers of thick black silk peeled over Alisha's head!!!

Underneath was no eastern promise but a blonde beauty alright! Alisha was gorgeous, with tanned skin from twenty years living in Dubai. Her long blonde hair cascaded well below her shoulders but what she was wearing really excited me. It was simple, yet elaborate at the same time! Her legs were clad in black silk stockings, which connected to garters on am elaborate leather corset that squeezed her torso into an hour-glass figure. Alisha also wore black silk opera gloves that reached her shoulders but her arms were folded behind her back and bound together in a black leather arm binder:

"You look absolutely gorgeous Alisha," I explained. "Is it comfortable?"

"I'm not sure it is supposed to be comfortable David," explained Alisha. "I'd rather say that I am aware of my bondage, which I should be but do I love it!"

Alisha then turned to me and suggested that I should try a Burka myself. She explained that rather more men wore them than anyone admitted and it might actually be fun. I accepted her offer but explained that I wasn't ready to venture outside in one quite yet. I'm not sure I was going to get a choice when Alisha handed me a PVC all-over catsuit and suggested I go into the neighbouring room and get into it (naked). It was only after I'd pulled the built in high-heeled boots onto my ankles and the rest of the thick but inner lined plastic up over my legs, did I realise that this particular PVC catsuit had no arms:

"Alisha, how am I supposed to work with this suit as it has no arms," I called out!

"If you are ready, one of my colleagues will come in and help," replied Alisha from the other room.

With that another black shroud entered the room:

"This is Kosar David. She's gagged under her Burka so can't say very much but her arms are free and she'd be delighted to help you into the rest of your suit," explained Alisha.

With that I agreed and watched as two opera gloved black hands appeared from slits in the black Burka and began working the rest of the PVC catsuit over my torso. I had to slide my arms (with some help) into the inner sleeves that meant my arms would become completely useless when the PVC suit was finally zipped closed. Kosar continued to MUMPTH into her gag as she pulled the lined PVC over my body. Now she was ready to fit the built-in hood over my head. This was the next bondage as this suit (hood) had a built in rubber gag that Alisha instructed Kosar to shove into my mouth before closing the rest of the hood around my face and pulling the zip up to the top of my head.

"Have a look at yourself in the mirror David," suggested Alisha as I got used to my new all-over plastic suit.&nbsp; 

Fuck me, was my first thought as I looked at the strange female figure right standing in front of me, covered from head to toe in shinny PVC. The built-in boots give me the high-heeled look and the armless torso, clearly reminded me that I was in trouble. Next Kosar approached with a bright blue mass of silk:

"This is an Afghani Chadri Burka," explained Alisha. "As you can see, this Burka has a tight fitting hood with a mesh covering the face so you'll be completely hidden behind this particular Burka!"

Soon I was hidden alright as Kosar slipped the tight fitting hood over my PVC covered head and eased the rest of the weird garment over my body, hiding the PVC below. I now looked like any other local female in Dubai.

"Okay David, now for your surprise," explained Alisha.

How come I knew this was going to come next?

"We're off to a nightclub two blocks away," Alisha continued. "Jennifer and Amada (my boss) are both waiting for us!

I therefore had no option but to head out in the hot Dubai evening, covered head to toe in PVC, which was soon to get me hotter than any other time in my life. At least the blue Burka meant I was hidden and to be honest, it was working as no-one looked twice at me. I was for all intensive purposes, a local Dubai girl going out for a night. By the time Alisha and I had walked two blocks to the nightclub in 80 degrees heat, I was ready to die. I couldn't even say a thing due to the gag that filled my mouth and my feet ached from the high heels of the built-in boots. Alisha said something to the door-man and we were led inside and towards two other Burka covered females:

"Good grief David, you actually did it," shouted Jennifer over the loud music!

"He can't really say anything Jennifer," explained Alisha.

"Perfect Alisha, he is gagged then," replied Jennifer who turned to me and introduced Amanda, the other Burka covered female in our company.

Amanda did turn towards me and say how nice it was to meet me and what an excellent sport I was for dressing up in the Burka to join them for a few drinks. I did wonder how I was supposed to drink but Jennifer and Amanda did take Alisha and me into a cubical and using a straw, we drank non-alcoholic cocktails all evening. We did attempt to dance but being forced to wear PVC under the silk Burka was taking its toll on me! As the night wore on, Jennifer and Amanda finally took pity on Alisha and I, so at about 1AM we were led out of the night club and into a waiting limo, the same Mercedes that had taken Alisha and I on the tour of Dubai earlier. First of all Jennifer I were dropped off at the bungalow in the grounds of our hotel, near to the city. The limo would then take Amada and Alisha home to their respective homes but I did wonder what relationship Amanda and Alisha actually had. Once inside the bungalow Jennifer removed her Burka, and offered me a wonderful picture of black lingerie. Black tight leather corset, attached to black stockings and high heeled leather strappy shoes. I MUMPHED into my built-in gag to persuade Jennifer to remove my Burka:

"Would you like me to free you darling," asked Jennifer in a teasing voice?

I nodded and MUMPTHED a reply so Jennifer came up to me and started to rub her leather and silk covered body over my completely covered body. Finally she pulled the Burka over my head revealing the black PVC catsuit that covered my body from head to toe in PVC that was now sticking to every bit of my entire body.

"Now then David," Jennifer began to tease. "If I remove the PVC suit, will you be a good boy and allow me to place you into a sleeping Burka for the night?"

Again, I could only MUMPTH a response so Jennifer looked straight into my eyes and said:

"I guess that's a yes then!"

I had no idea what a sleeping Burka was but all I hope was it as a dam-site easier on me then the heavy layer of PVC that cocooned by body for the past four hours. Dubai is a hot place and therefore wearing a layer of thick PVC and silk had taken its toll on me this evening but by now Jennifer was pulling down the zip and helping my arms out of the built in sleeves. By the time my arms had peeled themselves from the PVC inner sleeves my head was free and I could now exercise my jaw and begin communicating with my girlfriend:

"Jennifer, that was an intense evening," I explained. "I love the outdoors bondage but I badly need to take a shower."

"I'm glad you enjoyed yourself David because I've ordered a range of Burka's to be shipped back to the UK and I'm sure you will enjoy them back home," Jennifer went on to say as my legs and feet now slipped free of the built-in PVC high heeled boots.

Once free of the PVC suit, I headed to the shower, which was required after four hours in bondage. Meanwhile back in the bedroom, Jennifer was preparing the sleeping Burka:

"You'll love this David," she explained.

The sleeping Burka was simply a large silk sack with a built in hood, with a mesh covering the face area, just like the Chadri style Afghani Burka I'd worn this evening. It opened at the back via a zip and I climbed in, pulling the tight mask over my face and head. I could see through the mesh that covered my face but this mesh was thicker than the Burka I'd worn earlier and my vision was badly reduced. Once inside, Jennifer pulled up the zip, which closed at the back of my neck. She then fitted a steel collar around my neck and locked it to the zip-pull, which meant I was now sealed inside the sleeping Burka until Jennifer released me. The rest of the Burka was simply a silk sack and I had relative freedom inside it. My arms and legs were free but movement outside the sleeping Burka would be clumsy if not impossible.

"Do you like it David," asked Jennifer?

"It certainly is different," I responded. "It's certainly not unpleasant and maybe even quite comfortable."

"I'm glad you like it David because I've got a few of them on their way home to the UK," Jennifer explained.

As we lay in bed together in the early hours of our last night in Dubai, Jennifer told me all about her new business relationship with Amanda and how she would be importing eastern style clothing but the modern UK Muslim lady, which including all sorts of interesting clothing that all would include head covering of some sort and therefore allow me to travel outside in the UK with Jennifer, without anyone knowing I was in some sort of bondage. Sleep came quite quickly that night. The sleeping Burka was comfy and warm. Breathing was easy through the mesh that covered my face and Jennifer coddled up to me, enjoying the fact she could now control me in new and wonderful ways.

Our last day in Dubai was short and after lunch we were back onboard the Emirates A380 and heading North West towards London Heathrow. Once back in the UK, Jennifer and I enjoyed our new relationship but we continued to live apart. 

About eight months into our relationship and my retirement, Jennifer approached me one evening with a business opportunity:

"David," Jennifer explained. "An interesting business opportunity has been brought to me by a friend of mine, Carole. Last week, she came over to visit me with her daughter Samantha who had been in trouble that day in school to the extent the police had been called. Because Samantha was only fifteen, the police wouldn't do anything so Carole brought her to my house and asked me to lock Samantha in one of my cells for the night. Carole stayed in the house that evening and after another argument with her daughter the next morning, Samantha spent the rest of the day locked in a cell. She was finally released at seven the next evening and by then she was so apologetic to her mum, it gave us a wonderful business idea. How about we turn my little cell block into a small business? I want it to be a refuge for mothers who are at the end of the road with their unruly daughters. We'll only take in girls and I want you to run the venture for me?"

Now this was an interesting twist in my early retirement plans but what an interesting idea. By the time the following September had come around, another six months had past and after quite some effort, mainly on my behalf, I had completely refurbished the cell block:


There was a store area at the back of the cell block, which was only a store and couldn't be accessed from the cell block. This was until the builders had knocked a hole and created a small eating area and kitchen. 



There were always ten cells in the small block and while we didn't need to do much to the cells themselves, we did spend some time and quite a lot of money creating a basement, which was accessed from a new set of stairs from just outside the barred gates at the entrance area of the cell block. In the new basement, we created four more cells: The first two cells were our new punishment cells. These were simply empty rooms with two doors: (1) a normal cell door just likes the upstairs cells and just inside the cell and (2) another set of bars and sliding barred door. These two cells would be pitch black and we had planned in extreme cases to use these two cells on the worst offending girls. The other two basement cells were padded cells. Again, these could become pitch black as well but we set these out to put anyone who was in any chance of hurting themselves, probably in a straight jacket. 


As you would expect, Jennifer and I tested all aspects of these new cells for weeks before we accepted our first guests. I had the opportunity to try out a straight jacket for the first time and loved the tight feeling it provided while locked inside a padded cell. Cathy spent a weekend in the punishment cells, which she said was really hard time, having nothing to do and being stuck in the dark for the entire stay. 

It was now mid September and we were ready for our first guests.

THE END


If you like where this story is leading, then please let me know and I may continue it with a story based around the Cambridge facility for wayward teenage girls.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Ed Kilpatrick(no email) 


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





