BDSM Library - Blind Date




Blind Date
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: 






Since Erin&#8217;s break up with Tommy she had almost become a recluse. Everywhere she went people would ask "Where's Tommy?", and were surprised to hear they had split up, telling her that they had always made such a wonderful couple.

But they didn't know the real Tommy, did they? They didn't have to put up with Tommy insistently asking if he could tie her up to have sex with, and getting irritable when she said "NO".

All they ever saw was the happy face he always had on outside the apartment. Inside he was different. Sometimes he was gentle, sometimes not as gentle and other times when he was almost brutal in his lovemaking. But even then he had always teased her, and had enough control to make sure Erin finished before he did. But he would keep asking if he could tie her up. Eventually it drove a wedge between them, and the sex grew more infrequent, until there was no sex at all, and shortly after, Tommy moved out.

It has been three months since the split and Erin&#8217;s best friend, Sally, kept telling her to arrange a blind date. "Put yourself back on the market", was her favourite saying. Sort of let people know that she still had a life after Tommy.

At first Erin said "No", but Sally had a habit of winding her up, until she agreed to anything she wanted, and she did so until Erin finally agreed to put an ad in the personals, believing it to be a waste of time.

She never gave it another thought, and was shocked when Sally brought the paper to her a couple of days later. All the reply said was Love to meet you... Dream Boy

This was a direct response to Erin&#8217;s ad, which Sally has suggested she sign Dream Girl so no one would know who she really was.

Another week went by as Erin argued with Sally whether or not she should respond. Sally, of course, said yes, but Erin was not too sure, but once again Sally won, and decided to put another response in the paper saying "Dream Girl to Dream Boy...when and where?"

The response was there in the return paper, saying he would meet Friday at a restaurant in a suburb of the city. Sally saw this as a challenge, and decided that Erin had to dress for the part, and took her shopping. She insisted that Erin buy this tight white mini dress, but she kept telling her that her could see her panties through it. Sally just smiled, and Erin ended up giving in again.

Sally arranged to pick her up and drop her off close to the restaurant on the Friday night, but Erin guessed it was to make sure she wore the dress she had bullied her into buying. As Erin looked at herself in the mirror she COULD see her knickers through it, and her nipples, pointing out of the thin material of her bra, and telling everyone they were there as well.

Sally pulled Erin out of the apartment before she had a chance to change her mind, and drove off into the early evening.

She had arranged to drop Erin off one block from the meeting point, so her blind date would not know where she had come from, and on cue she stopped the car, and forced Erin out, ignoring her hesitance. Before she could change her mind and get back in the car, Sally drove away, leaving her in a poorly lit area of town she did not know. 

Erin started walking towards the restaurant, looking around her constantly. She noticed that the next streetlight was out, and to make it worse, it started to rain, not heavy, but a fine drizzle that was sure to make her dress translucent. She started to walk a bit faster, passing some hoarding at a vacant lot. As she passed the hoarding a pair of arms shot out and grabbed her, pulling Erin behind the wooden panels and into the darkness.

Erin tried to scream, but a hand covered her mouth, as she was thrown to the floor, the breath being knocked out of her. The arms grabbed at her again, as someone sat on her back, pressing her tits into the hard core of the site, and wrapping a blindfold around her eyes. He then grabbed both of her arms, pulling them backwards, and Erin feel cold metal as he snapped a pair of handcuffs on her wrists. Gagging her, he pulled Erin to her feet, and started to walk her away. She heard him open a car door, and she was bundled inside, and then, the door closes behind her. Seconds later she heard the driver&#8217;s car open, and close, and the car begins to move.

Erin had the idea of following the route in her mind, but there were so many twists and turns she soon lost track of where she had been, and lay on the floor of the car, in front of the back seat. thinking of her poor new white dress.

The journey seemed forever, but eventually the car stopped, and Erin heard the driver get out and open her door. He pulled her out and dragged her, stumbling, and up three steps, and into a building. A door opens, and she was led down some steep steps, falling as she lost her footing. The man allowed her to fall the last two steps, landing in a heap at the bottom, before dragging her to her feet again, and pulling her across the room.

Erin felt a wall at her back, and as she stand there, cold metal snapped around her left ankle. Almost immediately the same coldness snapped to her right ankle. The man then half turned her around,&nbsp; and in seconds more cold metal is snapped around hger right wrist., before the handcuffs are removed. That arm is pulled into the air,. And secured.. Erin screamed, but the gag prevented the sound from travelling, as the man competes the job by fastening the last manacle to her left hand, so that her arms were raised above her head, and her feet dragged wide apart..

Erin didn't need to see it to know that her dress was in tatters, and the feel of the knife as it cuts through and removes the rest brings further tears to her eyes. She&nbsp; feet the cold touch of the knife inside the waistline of her panties, and in a second, they are gone, lying at her feet with the remnants of the dress, exposing her shaven pussy to whoever wants to see it.

Again the knife touched her skin, where the sides of her&nbsp; bra were, and again the knife moves through the material as if it were not there. In another few seconds Erin was naked, and could feel hot eyes burning into her large tits, their 38C glory on display, and with no way of covering them up.

A hand reaches out and touched her, lightly at first, but as it took hold of the fleshy part of one tit, it began to squeeze a little firmer, and then harder still. Fingers moved to her nipple, pinching it, with no gentleness, bringing tears to Erin&#8217;s eyes, as the pain hit. Another hand moved to her other tit, but it goes straight for the nipple, and pinches it.

Erin&#8217;s nipples hardened under the pressure of the fingers, and quickly the sharp pain began to recede, to a more bearable level. The man twisted each nipple, and the pain returned momentarily, but she could feel an excitement growing where there should not be one. How could this assault on her be bringing such a warm feeling deep inside her?

Just then she felt a third hand touching her pussy, massaging her clit, and for the first time realised that there was more than one person there. It had never dawned on her that the man was not alone, and this sudden realisation hit home hard, as she attempted to scream again.

All three hands were moving as one, pinching, squeezing and twisting the parts they had hold of, and still Erin could feel this warmness inside, getting hotter as the hands continued to work on her. As one. then the hands let go, as if on command. 

Erin heard movement away from her, and then returning. She wondered what would happen next, when she feel a real pain in her left nipple, as someone clamped a clothespin to it. The pain is greater than when the fingers had hold, and new pain came as a second clothespin is fastened to her other nipple. Again her scream is silenced by the gag, but a muffled scream does escape as the third pin it clamped to her clit, the most sensitive and painful part of her body.

Again she heard the movement away from her, and a door closing, then silence. Left alone with the pins burning deep into her nipples and clit, the pain was like Erin had never felt before, and would not go away.

For what seemed like hours she was left alone. She&nbsp; tried fruitlessly to get her hands free, so she can stop the insistent pain from the pins, but the chains held her firmly, and eventually she had no choice but to give in. Only then did the pain begin to subside.

The door opened, and two clear sets of footsteps enter. The manacles holding Erin&#8217;s wrists were undone, and her first instinct was to get the pins off. But before she could do so her arms were grabbed, and pulled behind her, forcing her body away from the wall. The two men slowly lowered her to the floor, and as soon as her tits made contact with the floor, a new pain erupted inside her, as the pins folded flat to the floor, and twisted and pulling at her nipples.

Erin&#8217;s hands were then pulled further behind her, and brought up her back, where they were then tied with rope, forearm-to-forearm, wrist to elbow, so that any movement of them was impossible. But in doing so it pressed her sore nipples harder at the floor, and again twisted the pins holding them.

Someone sat on her, and she felt the pin on her clit getting nearer to the floor, and eventually, touch. It did not twist, but it did make movement, and again the pain was too much, and a scream was held in check by the gag.

A hand moved from behind her, between Erin&#8217;s legs, and towards her pussy lips, teasing with the edge of the opening, and feeling the dampness, she was hoping they would not notice. The finger began to explore further, entering her, and withdrawing, being dragged backwards to her arse hole, and then back to her pussy for another few seconds.

Erin could feel her own juices forming a stickiness around her arse, and just inside as the fingers began to probe. Then the body moved off her, and moved between her legs. She feel a new hardness brushing her arse cheeks, and moving deliberately to her arse. 

Erin shook her head and tried to scream, as she felt the hardness pressing against her, its passage made easier by her own juices. Sharp, agonising shear pain exploded in her arse, as the hardness forced it's way in. A little at a time, but getting deeper and deeper. Withdrawing completely, only to be re-inserted seconds later, sending another stab of pain through her. But as the shaft began to grind away at her, Erin suddenly started to feel more comfortable with it, it no longer hurting, and&nbsp; bringing a new warmness to her, a warmness not unlike excitement.

Still deeper the shaft was driven, but inside of a scream, Erin found herself raising her hips to meet the onslaught, pressing as hard back to it as it was pressing towards her. Then the inevitable happened. Slowly at first, but growing with every thrust, she found herself losing control, bucking as hard as she can to get the whole of this shaft into her, as she feel the explosion in her stomach, as Erin came harder than she could ever remember before.

She wanted the shaft to explode inside her, too, but it was pulled out, and the chains holding her legs were freed instead.

Someone rolled her over onto her back, and she no longer feel the pain as a cock was forced between her lips. Erin mouthed it eagerly, taking it deeper by raising her head to meet it full on. Never before had she been this ravaged, and did not want it to end.

The cock was withdrawn, as she still lifted her head up, her mouth open as if trying to find it again. But Erin feel the weight moving downwards, and soon the cock was at her pussy doors, brushing against her still clamped clit, as it was slowly pushed into you.

Erin was now impatient, and wanted the cock in her as quickly as possible, ignoring the sharp tug of pain on her clit as she lifted your hips high to meet the oncoming cock, taking it deep inside, and rocking her hips with every stroke.

Again and again Erin felt herself cumming. Never before had she experienced multiple orgasms, and never wanting it to end. She felt hands behind her head, and the gag was untied. Erin did not scream, except to ask for the cock to be hammered deeper and faster into her, to hurt her.

Again hands were behind her head, and the blindfold was removed. 

Erin took a second or two to recover her vision, but did so just in time to recognise Tommy as the man fucking her, just as&nbsp; both screamed out in utter pleasure and cum simultaneously.


Even as Tommy emptied himself into Erin, she drove her hips hard against him wanting to hold him inside her for as long as possible.

His lips covered hers, and his tongue drove deep into her open mouth, feeling her suck it, trying to hold it in her own mouth for as long as possible.

The pain in her arms was forgotten, as Tommy eventually pulled his cock from Erin&#8217;s pussy, and moved up towards her face, watching as she opened her mouth to take it in. 

Erin knew, then, that she and Tommy were, once again, together, but in future, she would insist that he tie her up. He would never need to ask again.

End



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Excalibur


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





