BDSM Library - Rising in Space, Falling in Love




Rising in Space, Falling in Love
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: 






Rising in Space, Falling in Love
by: veil

The cold, metal snick of the wrist cuff being locked into place reverberate through my body, sending a quick shiver along my spine. Mistress steps back, admiring Her handiwork. Before bringing me to this room, Mistress had first 'dressed' Her little pet properly. This meant my feet were fitted into mid calf length latex boots, black of course, with a forced toe point and insanely long stiletto spike heels. The only way it was possible to walk in these things was in the ballet 'en point' position, balancing to tips of my toes. I think Mistress likes the way wearing these forces Her pet's ass to stick up, hips up high and back arched just to balance. I was slowly learning to walk in these things, after several days of .. forced practice under Mistress's guidance. After putting the boots on me this time, She had smiled in disturbing way and locked each boot in place with a small silver padlock. I could feel the light weight of those locks bumping against my anklebone with each faltering step I took. 

My dressing had continued with Mistress's favorite pair of very tight latex panties, which She graciously helped me pull up tight around my slender waist. The material was .. so cold at first, just the touch of it against my skin caused a flare of goosebumps and shivering. Once they were settled into place however, they warmed quickly and almost seemed to shrink, hugging my slight curves and bringing them out. The panties were a high bikini-cut style, black, and fit like a second skin over the tops of my hips and along my flat belly. The crotch molded down seamlessly over my hairless mound, somehow making it look fuller, plumper under the glassy gloss. Each buttock was outlined, the center lifted and squeezed by the gripping latex, forming each into a shining hemisphere. Does it go without saying that they had a long opened slit in the front that perfectly framed and tugged at my labia folds?&nbsp; I could feel the latex digging in along that opening, pressing down on my tender flesh to make my always wet pussy seem to pout a little, the lips pushed out a little under the control of the clinging material. 

Next had come the waist cincher. A truly evil device that somehow managed to pack in all the agony and crushing pressure of a corset, without any of the support or fashion! It covered my belly, and wrapped tight around my lower back, laced there with skill and I think .. more gusto than was necessary by my Mistress .. though She knows what a little latex slut I am for her, and how much seeing my already narrow waist squeezed in to almost inhuman proportions excites her. She worked the laces tight, closing the cincher around me until satisfied with the tiny wasp-like measurement of my waist. The heavily ribbed latex held me it's forming grip, slowly, over time, training my Mistress's slut to allow it tighter and tighter. It was made of alternating bands of blood red and black strips running vertically, wide black at the front and back, red along the deeply plunging curve of my 'new' waist. Thankfully the top and bottom edges were a little padded, so while it did sink deeply against my taunt tummy, it didn't actually cut into me. Normally, Mistress would want me in a full corset, something to present my small but remarkably sensitive breasts up for Her use and enjoyment, but She said something about wanting some skin to work with today. I didn't ask what She meant by that.. I knew I'd find out soon enough. 

Next Mistress had me raise my arms away from my sides, and I shivered at the cool touch of latex yet again. This time, instead of a finished piece of clothing, Mistress simply used a very long strap of the material, winding it around my small chest, over and over. The cold shining strap was wound around and between my perky breasts, gradually tightening, pulling harder and harder against my flesh under it felt like my tits were going pop off my chest. The strap, a bright glossy red, crossed between my breasts in a wide X, keeping each breast squeezed out and a little swollen from the pressure. My nipples throbbed from the force of my blood pounding through the restrained flesh, making them stand out more erect and puffy than I'd ever seen them, my silver nipple rings hung completely free from my body. 

While my arms were still up, Mistress brought out the gloves I was to wear for today's session. Shoulder length, soft kid leather in shining black, they were slid up my arms to completely cover each. My hands fitted into the bag-like mitts at the end of each glove, and once my arms were encased, each was laced up tight enough to almost pass for latex in how well they molded to my thin limbs. At the end of each mitt hung a heavy metal ring, securely attached to the leather by reinforced seams, meaning no matter how hard one might pull at those rings, you'd lose your arms before the rings would come free from their housing. Allowing me to lower my arms, Mistress tapped under my chin, letting Her plaything know to raise Her head for the last piece of decoration. A thick, tall collar was slide around my neck and buckled reassuringly tight. It held my head up, keeping my neck from bending and ensuring my proper posture. Made of red and black polished leather, it was adorned with a heavy brass lion's head at the front, a large steel ring hanging from the beasts mouth. 

Now properly dressed, Mistress pulled down my panties to just below my rear, slick cool fingers slipping along the crease between my cheeks to press at my tight pucker. I tried to hold still, but I'm sure I moaned, and Mistress chuckled at the wetness seeping from my exposed sex. Working first one, then another finger into my dark hole, She spread slick lubrication all around, coating my rim and insides with the quickly warming gel. She whispered in my ear, reminding me of what I was, Her wet little latex slut. Her toy, Her plaything and pet. My pussy belonged to her, my breasts belonged to her, my mouth belonged to Her ..&nbsp; and as She worked a plug into my well lubed rear, She told me that belonged to Her as well. Gasping and panting, I was still in a daze when She pulled my panties back up .. tight and hard. Again the latex hugged and defined my hips, ass and left exposed my now very wet pussy.. in addition to pushing the plug in deeper and holding it snug. 

With a sharp click, a leash was clipped to my collar, and at the end of the long strip of leather was Mistress's hand, tugging a little to get me moving on my pointed hobble boots. She led me down the hall of our home to this room, moving just slow enough to let me keep up in my awkward gait. The heavy rings at the ends of the gloves swayed, just adding to my balance problems, but I managed to keep up. The room we entered was new to me. Filled with furniture .. you certainly won't see in better homes and gardens! Better dungeons and prisons maybe...&nbsp; Numerous strange and in some cases frightening contraptions of leather, wood, steel and leather greeted my eyes everywhere I looked. Mistress led me to one such device. She guided me up on it's pentagram shaped platform, two of its points the housing for tall vertical steel bars that led to a cross piece at the top, making a rectangular frame for me to stand inside. The top of the frame was well above my diminutive 4'10 hight, and at each of the two corners where the steel bars ran down, long thin chains dangled down to within easy reach. 

At the foot of each steel bar was an anchor point, short chains attached to wide leather ankle cuffs. Mistress quickly and deftly secured each of these to my legs, the cuffs going around the mid point of my tall pointed boots. The width of the platform meant I had to stand with my legs spread a little more than shoulder length apart, leaving me feeling rather .. vulnerable. Exposed to say the least! My legs spread, and shining wet pussy nicely highlighted by the almost liquid smooth latex of my panties. As yet another set of snaps announced the locks closing around my legs, I shuddered, swollen drops of my nectar seeping from my sex to roll down the inside of each thigh, drawing a glistening trail along my naked skin. Mistress took my sleeve bound arm, raised it up over my head, and secured the hanging chain to the heavy ring set at the end of the black mitt. After doing the same with the other arm, She stood back with a smile and worked something, cranking a device set along the side of the frame. The chains on my bound hands began to tighten with a series of clicks, pulling my arms up over my head fully, stretching me until I had to stand fully arched, my ribs standing out above the tight cincher. Normally being pulled flat like this would make my small breasts almost totally flat against my chest.. but thanks to the tight latex bindings, they still remained full and swollen, the skin covering them now a slightly darker shade than the rest of me. 

Mistress checked each chain, making sure they were secure and not pulling beyond my bodies endurance to stretch. With a menacing, but somehow affectionate, chuckle, She ran Her gloved hands down my back. The touch of warm tight latex across my exposed skin sent a quick shiver through me, a shiver that would have turned into a full body twitch had not the chains allowed it, when I felt my Owners&nbsp; hand reach under me and easily slide two fingers deep into my wet and always needy pussy. A mocking tsk came from Her as She worked Her fingers deep into me for a few moments, teasing and testing Her little slut. Taking them from inside me as quickly as She put them in, She pressed herself against my stretched back, letting me feel Her corset bound breasts, smooth and dry against my chilled skin. Her hands traced up over the cincher gripping my waist and higher to cup my aching breasts, kneading and playing with the swollen orbs. I groaned, trying to rock and sway in my tight bindings and chains. The pressure in my breasts and nipples made my skin so sensitive that even a light touch would overwhelming. Mistress's hands groped, squeezing at my strap bound flesh, Her fingers tweaked and tugged at my nipples and rings, teasing them mercilessly. An almost steady flow of shining nectar drooled from between my legs, actually dripping to the platform below me a few times. With another scolding laugh at Her wet little slut, Mistress released my breasts and moved away. 

I couldn't turn even my head to watch her, the collar kept me facing straight ahead in tightly held posture. I heard the creak of tight leather as Mistress bent to pick something up off a nearby table. The softly whispered sound of slithering leather told me what it was. Coming back to me, She ran the thin cool stands of Her favorite flogger down my back, letting me feel how soft and gentle the unpolished leather was. I moaned again, in pleasure, and in both fear and excitement for what was coming next. I felt Mistress move back, and a second later the flogger's soft strands landed lightly across my exposed back. Not hard enough to hurt, just enough to bring the blood rushing under my skin, heating and tinting my pale flesh pink. 

Again and again in a steady windmill like motion, Mistress brought the flogger down across my back, working up and down along the exposed skin in measured rhythm. She stopped suddenly, admiring the rosy hue Her treatments had brought to my flesh. Another cool touch of Her gloved fingers running down my back, this time feeling so much more intense that I nearly cried out. Caressing my heated body for a few moments, Mistress decided Her slut was ready. This time when the flogger came down, it was hard and fast with the echoing crack of leather meeting naked flesh. And this time, I did cry out. The impact driving lightning bolts of pain and shock running through my body. Several more lashes followed, starting slow and picking up in speed once Mistress was satisfied Her slut could handle it. 

Each new crack brought a shuddering moan and cry from me. My breath coming in quick shuddered gasps between freshly renewed waves of pain from the floggers kiss across my back. The pain began to pulse within me, almost a living thing independent of the impacts. Like a twisting snake that coiled around my spine, spiraling with the pleasure of being helpless, of being a wet eager latex slut for my Mistress, of being bound and totally under Her whim. A sudden and unexpected jolt of agony snapped me back from the floating place I had been. With calculated strength and timing, Mistress had brought the floggers tendrils across the back of my stretched thighs. The pain was different there, my skin unprepared but heating quickly after the first lash. I think I screamed. I'm not sure to be honest. The flogger came again and again, sometimes from the outside, sometimes angled so the strands curled around to lick at my inner thighs, dragging across the wetness leaked from my pussy during all this. Without warning or break, the flogger returned to my back, reigniting the burning skin and raising the almost dull pounding throb of ache coming from it back into a bright searing fire shooting through my nerve endings. 

After what seemed like forever to me, the impacts stopped, letting me pant raggedly for breath, sides pushing and straining against the unyielding grip of the cincher around my waist. I know if I hadn't been chained spread eagle between the points of the frame, I'd have collapsed into a shuddering heap. Instead, held in position, I felt the near unbearable touch of Mistress's fingers moving across my back and thighs, Her latex covered touch tracing over the bright red marks covering my exposed skin. She suddenly reached under me again and slid Her fingers inside my cunt. If She thought I was too wet before ...&nbsp;&nbsp; but this time She holds them there for a moment, stroking, caressing inside Her pet. Her other hand comes down against the back of the tightly hugging panties, rubbing at the base of the plug that keeps Her sluts ass full and stretched. Working me between Her hands, building the pleasure to match perfectly with the pain still coursing through me, She held me right on the edge of a mind melting climax, knowing Her sluts body perfectly, never letting me fall over into it. 

Her touch left me panting and sobbing, begging wordlessly to be allowed to cum, drool bubbling from my lips and a near constant flood of juices pouring from between my legs. Mistress moved away, giving me time to calm down and remember how to breath. Her voice kept up a steady flow of soothing words, flowing over me like a loving stream to keep me from crashing. Standing before me again, Mistress smiled as I came slowly back to sensibility. Flogger still held in Her hand, She reached up to stroke my soaked face, gently bringing my gaze to hers. Inside, my body almost hums with throbbing, dully itching pain, a sweet ache that fills and defines me at that moment. I met Her steady gaze, and fell in love all over again. She asks if I'm ready, and I nod.. as much as I can against the posture collar. She smiled again, pride and love shining in Her eyes for Her good little slut. 

The flogger started up again, softly caressing across my belly above the cincher, moving up with each new gentle blow until the strands fell across my breasts. The pain is barely noticeable through the roar of my back and thigh's agony. And then Mistress started for real. The first blow across my tummy again, and it hurt like hell to be sure .. but it's the fear, the dread of what's coming that gives the pain it's teeth. I cried out, shaking in my tight bindings, desperate animal reflexes making me want to curl up, protect my abused breasts .. but they're denied by the metal frame and chains keeping me exposed for my Mistress.&nbsp; The flogger lands again, right across my breasts, and the world went white. My vision lost behind a flash of pure agony that washes everything else away for a moment. I can't hear over the rushing blood hammering in my ears. The flogger lands again, again the steady rhythm, no longer able to add any more pain, but keeping me at that pinnacle. 

It stops, I'm not even sure when exactly, but I suddenly realized Mistress is standing close to me, Her hands moved gently across my striped flesh, admiring Her work, soothing the liquid agony pouring through my being. She held me gently, slipping Her arms around me and pressing the cool latex of Her outfit against my burning skin. I'm a mess, drooling from both top and bottom, blood singing through my veins, my muscles limp to the point where I hung from the chains like a broken rag doll. Mistress is there, supporting me, Her fingers slipping inside me again, holding Her slut's soaked insides gently, possessively. She worked Her fingers into me, knowing what I need, just how fast and just where to rub. Her other hand resting atop my ass, tapping and nudging at the base of the plug held tight against me by the panties. The pain, the touch of my Mistress inside me, Her fingers, Her toy, and finally Her permission, pushed me over into the climax that sent what's left of my mind floating away into a different world. 

I'm senseless as Mistress released my arms and legs from the chains and my guides me gently to the floor, Her arms around me and holding me close. My skin still throbs is song of pain, and even the gentle touch of Her arms is a new note.. but I endure it gladly to have Her hold me now. Cradling Her exhausted pet, Mistress brings wet latex fingers up to my lips, tapping gently. Obediently, eagerly I opened my mouth, and She gently pushed Her fingers into the warm depths of it. I lick and caress at Her fingers, tasting myself, cleaning the fingers that claim and own my body, my pleasure and pain. She lets me hold Her fingers in my mouth for a little while, knowing how much Her slut loves it, before taking them from me and gently stroking my hair. With deft and sure moves, She takes the collar from my throat, replacing it with my normal slender leather one. She loosens and unwinds the strap from around my breasts, letting them slowly return to normal, Her touch slow and gentle, caressing over my body. 

I floated along, not even a person but a cloud of pure joy and senseless calm. Vaguely I felt something touch my lips. I open again and Mistress slipped a piece of chocolate into my mouth. I think I giggled, and She laughed with me, holding me close, not letting Her pet fall, keeping me safe until I can return to Her slowly. Somewhere I find the strength to drag my sleeved arms around her, hugging tight. She guides my head to rest against Her breasts, soothing fingers through my hair again. We sit there on the floor of the dungeon, holding each other, laughing and crying a little. I love her, and She knows I belong to Her forever. 










Rising in Space, Falling in Love 

by: veil 

The cold, metal snick of the wrist cuff being locked into place reverberate through my body, 
sending a quick shiver along my spine. Mistress steps back, admiring Her handiwork. Before 
bringing me to this room, Mistress had first 'dressed' Her little pet properly. This meant my 
feet were fitted into mid calf length latex boots, black of course, with a forced toe point and 
insanely long stiletto spike heels. The only way it was possible to walk in these things was in 
the ballet 'en point' position, balancing to tips of my toes. I think Mistress likes the way 
wearing these forces Her pet's ass to stick up, hips up high and back arched just to balance. I 
was slowly learning to walk in these things, after several days of .. forced practice under 
Mistress's guidance. After putting the boots on me this time, She had smiled in disturbing way 
and locked each boot in place with a small silver padlock. I could feel the light weight of those 
locks bumping against my anklebone with each faltering step I took. 

My dressing had continued with Mistress's favorite pair of very tight latex panties, which She 
graciously helped me pull up tight around my slender waist. The material was .. so cold at 
first, just the touch of it against my skin caused a flare of goosebumps and shivering. Once 
they were settled into place however, they warmed quickly and almost seemed to shrink, 
hugging my slight curves and bringing them out. The panties were a high bikini-cut style, 
black, and fit like a second skin over the tops of my hips and along my flat belly. The crotch 
molded down seamlessly over my hairless mound, somehow making it look fuller, plumper 
under the glassy gloss. Each buttock was outlined, the center lifted and squeezed by the 
gripping latex, forming each into a shining hemisphere. Does it go without saying that they 
had a long opened slit in the front that perfectly framed and tugged at my labia folds? I could 
feel the latex digging in along that opening, pressing down on my tender flesh to make my 
always wet pussy seem to pout a little, the lips pushed out a little under the control of the 
clinging material. 

Next had come the waist cincher. A truly evil device that somehow managed to pack in all the 
agony and crushing pressure of a corset, without any of the support or fashion! It covered my 
belly, and wrapped tight around my lower back, laced there with skill and I think .. more gusto 
than was necessary by my Mistress .. though She knows what a little latex slut I am for her, 
and how much seeing my already narrow waist squeezed in to almost inhuman proportions 
excites her. She worked the laces tight, closing the cincher around me until satisfied with the 
tiny wasp-like measurement of my waist. The heavily ribbed latex held me it's forming grip, 
slowly, over time, training my Mistress's slut to allow it tighter and tighter. It was made of 
alternating bands of blood red and black strips running vertically, wide black at the front and 
back, red along the deeply plunging curve of my 'new' waist. Thankfully the top and bottom 
edges were a little padded, so while it did sink deeply against my taunt tummy, it didn't 
actually cut into me. Normally, Mistress would want me in a full corset, something to present 
my small but remarkably sensitive breasts up for Her use and enjoyment, but She said 
something about wanting some skin to work with today. I didn't ask what She meant by that.. I 
knew I'd find out soon enough. 

Next Mistress had me raise my arms away from my sides, and I shivered at the cool touch of 
latex yet again. This time, instead of a finished piece of clothing, Mistress simply used a very 
long strap of the material, winding it around my small chest, over and over. The cold shining 
strap was wound around and between my perky breasts, gradually tightening, pulling harder 



and harder against my flesh under it felt like my tits were going pop off my chest. The strap, a 
bright glossy red, crossed between my breasts in a wide X, keeping each breast squeezed 
out and a little swollen from the pressure. My nipples throbbed from the force of my blood 
pounding through the restrained flesh, making them stand out more erect and puffy than I'd 
ever seen them, my silver nipple rings hung completely free from my body. 

While my arms were still up, Mistress brought out the gloves I was to wear for today's 
session. Shoulder length, soft kid leather in shining black, they were slid up my arms to 
completely cover each. My hands fitted into the bag-like mitts at the end of each glove, and 
once my arms were encased, each was laced up tight enough to almost pass for latex in how 
well they molded to my thin limbs. At the end of each mitt hung a heavy metal ring, securely 
attached to the leather by reinforced seams, meaning no matter how hard one might pull at 
those rings, you'd lose your arms before the rings would come free from their housing. 
Allowing me to lower my arms, Mistress tapped under my chin, letting Her plaything know to 
raise Her head for the last piece of decoration. A thick, tall collar was slide around my neck 
and buckled reassuringly tight. It held my head up, keeping my neck from bending and 
ensuring my proper posture. Made of red and black polished leather, it was adorned with a 
heavy brass lion's head at the front, a large steel ring hanging from the beasts mouth. 

Now properly dressed, Mistress pulled down my panties to just below my rear, slick cool 
fingers slipping along the crease between my cheeks to press at my tight pucker. I tried to 
hold still, but I'm sure I moaned, and Mistress chuckled at the wetness seeping from my 
exposed sex. Working first one, then another finger into my dark hole, She spread slick 
lubrication all around, coating my rim and insides with the quickly warming gel. She whispered 
in my ear, reminding me of what I was, Her wet little latex slut. Her toy, Her plaything and pet. 
My pussy belonged to her, my breasts belonged to her, my mouth belonged to Her .. and as 
She worked a plug into my well lubed rear, She told me that belonged to Her as well. Gasping 
and panting, I was still in a daze when She pulled my panties back up .. tight and hard. Again 
the latex hugged and defined my hips, ass and left exposed my now very wet pussy.. in 
addition to pushing the plug in deeper and holding it snug. 

With a sharp click, a leash was clipped to my collar, and at the end of the long strip of leather 
was Mistress's hand, tugging a little to get me moving on my pointed hobble boots. She led 
me down the hall of our home to this room, moving just slow enough to let me keep up in my 
awkward gait. The heavy rings at the ends of the gloves swayed, just adding to my balance 
problems, but I managed to keep up. The room we entered was new to me. Filled with 
furniture .. you certainly won't see in better homes and gardens! Better dungeons and prisons 
maybe... Numerous strange and in some cases frightening contraptions of leather, wood, 
steel and leather greeted my eyes everywhere I looked. Mistress led me to one such device. 
She guided me up on it's pentagram shaped platform, two of its points the housing for tall 
vertical steel bars that led to a cross piece at the top, making a rectangular frame for me to 
stand inside. The top of the frame was well above my diminutive 4'10 hight, and at each of the 
two corners where the steel bars ran down, long thin chains dangled down to within easy 
reach. 

At the foot of each steel bar was an anchor point, short chains attached to wide leather ankle 
cuffs. Mistress quickly and deftly secured each of these to my legs, the cuffs going around the 
mid point of my tall pointed boots. The width of the platform meant I had to stand with my legs 
spread a little more than shoulder length apart, leaving me feeling rather .. vulnerable. 



Exposed to say the least! My legs spread, and shining wet pussy nicely highlighted by the 
almost liquid smooth latex of my panties. As yet another set of snaps announced the locks 
closing around my legs, I shuddered, swollen drops of my nectar seeping from my sex to roll 
down the inside of each thigh, drawing a glistening trail along my naked skin. Mistress took 
my sleeve bound arm, raised it up over my head, and secured the hanging chain to the heavy 
ring set at the end of the black mitt. After doing the same with the other arm, She stood back 
with a smile and worked something, cranking a device set along the side of the frame. The 
chains on my bound hands began to tighten with a series of clicks, pulling my arms up over 
my head fully, stretching me until I had to stand fully arched, my ribs standing out above the 
tight cincher. Normally being pulled flat like this would make my small breasts almost totally 
flat against my chest.. but thanks to the tight latex bindings, they still remained full and 
swollen, the skin covering them now a slightly darker shade than the rest of me. 

Mistress checked each chain, making sure they were secure and not pulling beyond my 
bodies endurance to stretch. With a menacing, but somehow affectionate, chuckle, She ran 
Her gloved hands down my back. The touch of warm tight latex across my exposed skin sent 
a quick shiver through me, a shiver that would have turned into a full body twitch had not the 
chains allowed it, when I felt my Owners hand reach under me and easily slide two fingers 
deep into my wet and always needy pussy. A mocking tsk came from Her as She worked Her 
fingers deep into me for a few moments, teasing and testing Her little slut. Taking them from 
inside me as quickly as She put them in, She pressed herself against my stretched back, 
letting me feel Her corset bound breasts, smooth and dry against my chilled skin. Her hands 
traced up over the cincher gripping my waist and higher to cup my aching breasts, kneading 
and playing with the swollen orbs. I groaned, trying to rock and sway in my tight bindings and 
chains. The pressure in my breasts and nipples made my skin so sensitive that even a light 
touch would overwhelming. Mistress's hands groped, squeezing at my strap bound flesh, Her 
fingers tweaked and tugged at my nipples and rings, teasing them mercilessly. An almost 
steady flow of shining nectar drooled from between my legs, actually dripping to the platform 
below me a few times. With another scolding laugh at Her wet little slut, Mistress released my 
breasts and moved away. 

I couldn't turn even my head to watch her, the collar kept me facing straight ahead in tightly 
held posture. I heard the creak of tight leather as Mistress bent to pick something up off a 
nearby table. The softly whispered sound of slithering leather told me what it was. Coming 
back to me, She ran the thin cool stands of Her favorite flogger down my back, letting me feel 
how soft and gentle the unpolished leather was. I moaned again, in pleasure, and in both fear 
and excitement for what was coming next. I felt Mistress move back, and a second later the 
flogger's soft strands landed lightly across my exposed back. Not hard enough to hurt, just 
enough to bring the blood rushing under my skin, heating and tinting my pale flesh pink. 

Again and again in a steady windmill like motion, Mistress brought the flogger down across 
my back, working up and down along the exposed skin in measured rhythm. She stopped 
suddenly, admiring the rosy hue Her treatments had brought to my flesh. Another cool touch 
of Her gloved fingers running down my back, this time feeling so much more intense that I 
nearly cried out. Caressing my heated body for a few moments, Mistress decided Her slut 
was ready. This time when the flogger came down, it was hard and fast with the echoing 
crack of leather meeting naked flesh. And this time, I did cry out. The impact driving lightning 
bolts of pain and shock running through my body. Several more lashes followed, starting slow 
and picking up in speed once Mistress was satisfied Her slut could handle it. 



Each new crack brought a shuddering moan and cry from me. My breath coming in quick 
shuddered gasps between freshly renewed waves of pain from the floggers kiss across my 
back. The pain began to pulse within me, almost a living thing independent of the impacts. 
Like a twisting snake that coiled around my spine, spiraling with the pleasure of being 
helpless, of being a wet eager latex slut for my Mistress, of being bound and totally under Her 
whim. A sudden and unexpected jolt of agony snapped me back from the floating place I had 
been. With calculated strength and timing, Mistress had brought the floggers tendrils across 
the back of my stretched thighs. The pain was different there, my skin unprepared but heating 
quickly after the first lash. I think I screamed. I'm not sure to be honest. The flogger came 
again and again, sometimes from the outside, sometimes angled so the strands curled 
around to lick at my inner thighs, dragging across the wetness leaked from my pussy during 
all this. Without warning or break, the flogger returned to my back, reigniting the burning skin 
and raising the almost dull pounding throb of ache coming from it back into a bright searing 
fire shooting through my nerve endings. 

After what seemed like forever to me, the impacts stopped, letting me pant raggedly for 
breath, sides pushing and straining against the unyielding grip of the cincher around my waist. 
I know if I hadn't been chained spread eagle between the points of the frame, I'd have 
collapsed into a shuddering heap. Instead, held in position, I felt the near unbearable touch of 
Mistress's fingers moving across my back and thighs, Her latex covered touch tracing over 
the bright red marks covering my exposed skin. She suddenly reached under me again and 
slid Her fingers inside my cunt. If She thought I was too wet before ... but this time She holds 
them there for a moment, stroking, caressing inside Her pet. Her other hand comes down 
against the back of the tightly hugging panties, rubbing at the base of the plug that keeps Her 
sluts ass full and stretched. Working me between Her hands, building the pleasure to match 
perfectly with the pain still coursing through me, She held me right on the edge of a mind 
melting climax, knowing Her sluts body perfectly, never letting me fall over into it. 

Her touch left me panting and sobbing, begging wordlessly to be allowed to cum, drool 
bubbling from my lips and a near constant flood of juices pouring from between my legs. 
Mistress moved away, giving me time to calm down and remember how to breath. Her voice 
kept up a steady flow of soothing words, flowing over me like a loving stream to keep me from 
crashing. Standing before me again, Mistress smiled as I came slowly back to sensibility. 
Flogger still held in Her hand, She reached up to stroke my soaked face, gently bringing my 
gaze to hers. Inside, my body almost hums with throbbing, dully itching pain, a sweet ache 
that fills and defines me at that moment. I met Her steady gaze, and fell in love all over again. 
She asks if I'm ready, and I nod.. as much as I can against the posture collar. She smiled 
again, pride and love shining in Her eyes for Her good little slut. 

The flogger started up again, softly caressing across my belly above the cincher, moving up 
with each new gentle blow until the strands fell across my breasts. The pain is barely 
noticeable through the roar of my back and thigh's agony. And then Mistress started for real. 
The first blow across my tummy again, and it hurt like hell to be sure .. but it's the fear, the 
dread of what's coming that gives the pain it's teeth. I cried out, shaking in my tight bindings, 
desperate animal reflexes making me want to curl up, protect my abused breasts .. but they're 
denied by the metal frame and chains keeping me exposed for my Mistress. The flogger 
lands again, right across my breasts, and the world went white. My vision lost behind a flash 
of pure agony that washes everything else away for a moment. I can't hear over the rushing 



blood hammering in my ears. The flogger lands again, again the steady rhythm, no longer 
able to add any more pain, but keeping me at that pinnacle. 

It stops, I'm not even sure when exactly, but I suddenly realized Mistress is standing close to 
me, Her hands moved gently across my striped flesh, admiring Her work, soothing the liquid 
agony pouring through my being. She held me gently, slipping Her arms around me and 
pressing the cool latex of Her outfit against my burning skin. I'm a mess, drooling from both 
top and bottom, blood singing through my veins, my muscles limp to the point where I hung 
from the chains like a broken rag doll. Mistress is there, supporting me, Her fingers slipping 
inside me again, holding Her slut's soaked insides gently, possessively. She worked Her 
fingers into me, knowing what I need, just how fast and just where to rub. Her other hand 
resting atop my ass, tapping and nudging at the base of the plug held tight against me by the 
panties. The pain, the touch of my Mistress inside me, Her fingers, Her toy, and finally Her 
permission, pushed me over into the climax that sent what's left of my mind floating away into 
a different world. 

I'm senseless as Mistress released my arms and legs from the chains and my guides me 
gently to the floor, Her arms around me and holding me close. My skin still throbs is song of 
pain, and even the gentle touch of Her arms is a new note.. but I endure it gladly to have Her 
hold me now. Cradling Her exhausted pet, Mistress brings wet latex fingers up to my lips, 
tapping gently. Obediently, eagerly I opened my mouth, and She gently pushed Her fingers 
into the warm depths of it. I lick and caress at Her fingers, tasting myself, cleaning the fingers 
that claim and own my body, my pleasure and pain. She lets me hold Her fingers in my mouth 
for a little while, knowing how much Her slut loves it, before taking them from me and gently 
stroking my hair. With deft and sure moves, She takes the collar from my throat, replacing it 
with my normal slender leather one. She loosens and unwinds the strap from around my 
breasts, letting them slowly return to normal, Her touch slow and gentle, caressing over my 
body. 

I floated along, not even a person but a cloud of pure joy and senseless calm. Vaguely I felt 
something touch my lips. I open again and Mistress slipped a piece of chocolate into my 
mouth. I think I giggled, and She laughed with me, holding me close, not letting Her pet fall, 
keeping me safe until I can return to Her slowly. Somewhere I find the strength to drag my 
sleeved arms around her, hugging tight. She guides my head to rest against Her breasts, 
soothing fingers through my hair again. We sit there on the floor of the dungeon, holding each 
other, laughing and crying a little. I love her, and She knows I belong to Her forever. 







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  veil(no email) 


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





