BDSM Library - The Society of the Rules




The Society of the Rules
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: 






﻿The Society of the Rules



Admission into the Society



The large gates opened electrically and the large limousine entered the estate. From the spacious area at the back of the vehicle, Aurelia was amazed by the wide expenses of land, as well as by the high stone wall that was circumscribing it. Everything around her was breathing out wealth. Everything belonged to the Society of the Rules. And soon, if the leaflet she had read was right, all of this would belong to her as well. She could not believe it. It was a dream come true.



One week earlier, she had been in the deepest bout of despair. The enterprise she was working for had closed one year earlier leaving her without resource nor money. She had not been hired since then. She had progressively sold all of her jewels, all her belongings. She had lost her friends, she had no close family and ultimately, when she had been unable to pay for her housing, she had been expelled from her flat as well. She had been roaming London, sleeping in parks, shivering in the night, anxious of what would happen when winter would arrive.



And then, this man with wealthy clothes had seen her and had given her the leaflet. He had told that she just has to sign up into the Society of the Rules and all material concerns would evaporate for ever. She had read the leaflet again and again. It showed pictures of the wealthy mansion with the rich rooms where society members of both sexes were reading, eating, and partying. She had called the phone number specified on the document and a few hours later the limo had come to pick her up.



She had almost been ashamed to enter it with her filthy clothes. She had not been able to bathe or to change her jeans and T-shirt in three days and they were in a pitiful state. The driver was wearing a neat black leather uniform. He had a curious leather collar around his neck holding a discrete badge with the "B" letter. Five golden studs were lined on his collar. He did not say a word, just motioning her to climb in behind him. She had reflected upon this during the whole trip through the English countryside.



Ten minutes after having passed the gates, the limo stopped at the foot of a monumental staircase, leading to the main door of an immense palace. The driver opened the door and Aurelia climbed out. She distinctly saw the driver wrinkling his nose as she passed near him. She blushed at the idea of her smell. She was probably reeking of cold sweat. She felt so miserable here, in her dirty clothes, at the foot of such a rich palace.



A woman was waiting for them at the top of the stairs. She too was wearing black-leather clothes, but of a more sexy cut - much more. She was perched on the top of high heels, her legs were mostly bare up to her upper thighs where a short leather skirt was covering them. The top consisted of a corset and a sleeveless jacket. Her neck was adorned with a collar similar to the driver's one, also bearing the letter "B" but it lacked all the golden studs. Aurelia did not dare to ask the meaning of this collar. She would not get any answer anyway because the girl could not speak: a black ball was strapped in her mouth!



Aurelia's eyes widened at this strangeness. She turned toward the driver who just smiled to her, bowed and said: "Milady, I am going to wait here for one hour, in case you need my services to go back to the city. For now, I invite you to follow your hostess up there. She will lead you to our registration desk."



Aurelia did not know what to say, what to ask. Finally, she just answered thanks and climbed the stairs toward the girl who was smiling under her gag, welcoming her. She motioned her to follow her and they entered the palace, into a grandiose hall. Aurelia had a glimpse of more leather-clad men and girls before they took a side door. After a short walk, the girl knocked at a massive oak door and, upon invitation, opened it and invited Aurelia to enter.



Again, the smelly girl was ashamed as well as impressed by the wealth of the room's decoration. Behind a huge wooden desk a woman was sitting. She was wearing an elaborate dress made of various types of black velvet. A discrete golden string was wrapped around her neck, holding a little medallion with a "A" letter nicely engraved. She was smiling widely. In front of the desk, kneeling on the thick carpet and leaned over her feet was another girl. This one was wearing a white tunic that stopped just below her buttocks, allowing Aurelia to notice that she wore no panties. She was barefoot as well, apart from leather cuffs encircling her ankles. She was busy painting the dressed woman's toenails.



"Welcome, Aurelia!" smiled the dressed woman. "Take a seat." With that, she had a small jerk with her foot, pushing the kneeling girl away. This one immediately straightened herself and crawled to a corner of the room, behind Aurelia where she knelt down in silence. And silenced she was, as she was wearing a ball gag too, but of a much larger kind than the hostess' one. On closer inspection, it seemed the ball was actually made of stone or steel instead of rubber. She was wearing a wide and thick leather collar with a tag dangling in front and bearing the letter "C".



Puzzled, Aurelia sat in the comfortable armchair and saluted the woman.



"Welcome to our place, Aurelia" the woman repeated. "My name is Lady Jessica and I am here to tell you more about our little community and, hopefully, convince you to join us merry few."



Aurelia nodded, too impressed to speak, and Lady Jessica continued.



"The Society of the Rules is composed of five classes of members. Each class fulfils an unique and most necessary role in our organisation. You have already met the driver and your hostess, who belong to class B. These members are responsible for the functioning of the Society and its properties. They are in charge of ensuring that all members perform their duties correctly. And behind you, in the corner, is a class-C. Those are assigned maintenance and comfort duties. Class-D and Z members are responsible for providing the Society with goods, food, energy and many other services. They are probably our most important members. Ah, and I almost forgot class A. We are supervising the whole organisation, ensuring that everything is working well and that the Society thrives."



Aurelia was listening intently, not daring to interrupt the proud woman. She was feeling deeply out-of-place in her filthy clothes.



"Each member class has its own duties to accomplish, and they have to respect a set of rules. With so many members, rules are mandatory of course. We believe that without rules a society cannot work properly. So, we insist that rules must be followed to the letter. Persons who cannot follow rules are not welcome in the Society. I am sure you understand this, Aurelia, don't you?"



"Yes Milady, of course" Aurelia nodded.



"And you can respect rules, don't you? You must understand this is very important if you want to join us. Being a member of the Society of the Rules is a great privilege bringing comfort and security to one's life, but it comes to a price: you have to respect rules. Do you feel like you can cope with that?" Lady Jessica insisted, her stern eyes fixed into Aurelia's.



"Of course I can. I mean, I can and I understand the need for rules. Of course!" Aurelia answered hastily, afraid that she might be deemed unsuitable for the Society.



"Good! I was sure you were a serious young girl. Now, you might wonder which class you would be assigned to? Actually, the beauty of our Society is that it lets you decide which is the best class for YOU. You will start at class B. If you respect the rules, you will soon be proposed to change to class A. If you break any rules, you will be blamed for that. If you break the rules 5 times, you will be demoted to class C. Each class has its own set of rules, of course. So, do well, respect the rules and I am sure a smart girl as you will soon thrive in class A comfort."



Aurelia nodded. It sounded so logical, so simple. She wondered why politicians had not devised so simple a type of government.



"Now, dear Aurelia, you have a very simple choice to do: Either you sign up this registration contract, stipulating you agree to join the Society and respect its rules for ever, or you just return to your usual affairs and the limousine will drive you back to London."



Aurelia eagerly signed her name at the end of the document, fearing that Lady Jessica might change her mind.



"Great, Aurelia. You are now a member of our Society as a Class-B member. You will be given a proper outfit and a collar stating your status. From now on you will just be called Aurelia. Forget about your last name. Also, from now on you have to respect the rules of the class B."



Aurelia smiled, feeling a large weight lifted from her shoulders.



"Thank you, thank you so much. I shall do my best not to disappoint you. I shall respect all the rules to the letter. Now, please Milady, could you provide me with the list of these rules? I am eager to learn them by heart as soon as possible."



"My dear Aurelia, this is not possible. As mentioned in the contract you have just signed, you are to learn the rules by yourself. You will see that it is easy: every time you do something wrong, one of us will teach you which rule you have just broken. We have remarked that our members learned much faster that way."



Aurelia's jaw dropped. "But... I shall not be punished the first time I break a rule, of course?"



"Aurelia, don't be silly. The contract stipulates very clearly that rules are to be respected with no exception. Also, I believe I have been very clear upon that during our little discussion. Am I not right?"



"Uuuuh, yes Milady" Aurelia said in a meek voice.



"Good. I see you understand quickly. That's a good point. Now, let's get your outfit." Upon these words, Lady Jessica ringed a bell.

Level B



Day 1 - Alone in her room



The hostess came and led Aurelia through the halls of the huge mansion. She could see other members of the society talking and enjoying themselves. A pair of women with the distinctive 'B' were wearing tiny bikinis and carrying towels - they must be headed for a swimming pool or something. In one of the&nbsp; halls there was a barman serving drinks, this would look like a nice resort, the only odd thing was that the man was chained to the bar, forced to keep his place.



She was led to a hall full of doors and through one of them. They entered what looked like a five-star hotel room: a nice jacuzzi, plasma TV, comfortable king size bed, a pink silk robe in the closet. Aurelia understood that this was going to be her room and she smiled widely. She could not believe her luck and was looking all around in awe, barely daring to touch the rich material that was surrounding her.



A woman wearing only a canvas loin-cloth knocked on the door an was allowed to enter. She was tasked with getting Aurelia some clothes. She took out her measuring tape and used up down and around her body. Aurelia could notice two things, one the label C on her neck, and two, while it is not strange for seamstresses&nbsp; to carry needles,&nbsp; she had never seen one who carried them inserted in her breasts - a pair of pin cushions that went with her everywhere.



The hostess just left a written message on the table before both women left the room. The note read 'back for you in two hours'.



Once both girls had left, Aurelia let her happiness explode. She could not believe what was happening! This was going to be her life from now on! Of course, there were some strange things, and the pain the seamstress was probably enduring with her needles carried in her breasts was one of the worst, but still, there was a lot to win from this new life. She was sure that, smart as she was, she would have no difficulty in staying at the B level, and even climbing to the A. She would just have to be very careful and break no rules. This seemed easy enough.



She danced towards the large bathroom and filled the jacuzzi with foaming water. Throwing away her filthy clothes, she immersed herself in the bubbly water. She stayed there for the best part of an hour, relaxing and washing herself. She washed her hair too. Finally, she left and used the time remaining to pamper herself. She dropped her former clothes into the trash and put on the pink half-transparent silk robe.



Just as she knotted the belt around her waist the hostess knocked at the door. Her gag had been removed. She was holding some clothes in a bundle. They were made of black leather. They consisted in a mini skirt, and a top with a very generous cleavage. It was amazing how well it fitted her body. Leather clothes made exactly to her size in under two hours. Also there were cotton panties and a bra. A pair of sandals with tons of laces completed the outfit.



"Hello, I'm Karla, put these on and we can go downstairs to have a meal, are you hungry?"



"Oh yes, I am very hungry. I haven't eaten in days!" she answered eagerly.



As Aurelia was putting her new clothes on, she continued: "I'm glad that you can speak now. Why did you wear a gag, earlier?"



"I broke a rule yesterday and this was my punishment. 24 hours have elapsed and I have now been freed from it" Karla answered matter-of-factly.



Among the clothes was a leather collar, bearing the famous "B" badge. As Aurelia lifted it, she realised it was heavier than she had thought. She looked at it more closely. Obviously it had a metal core covered by a layer of black leather. On one side of the badge were five holes were the golden studs she had seen in other collars could be screwed. She showed these holes to Karla.



"I have seen a few of those collars already, and some have golden studs screwed here. What do they mean?" Aurelia asked.



"Lady Jessica must have told you about rules and classes" Karla answered. "Well, each day you pass without breaking a rule, you win a stud in your collar. Once you get five studs you, are legible to be promoted to the immediately superior class. This also provides a level of hierarchy within a class: you must obey members of the same class as you who have more studs than you. Apart from the studs, the members of the upper class have to vote to let you in, so behaving is not enough - you also need to make good friends with them.



"And why don't you have any?" inquired Aurelia, avid to learn more about the curious protocols of the Society.



"I had three studs yesterday, but because I broke one rule, I lost them all. But let me fit this collar on you" Karla answered.



She took the collar from Aurelia's hands, placed it around the neck of the newbie girl. There was a click. "Here, you are all set!" told Karla. "These collars are locked and only a class A can open it. This will only happen if you change class. But now, let's go eating. I'm hungry!"



They both went trough the hall and into a large, luxury room. There were several other members seated there. They sat at an empty table by a large window and ordered a meal. At first, Aurelie felt self-conscious as her outfit was revealing much of her anatomy. But most of the other B members were clothed in much the same kind of attire, or even more wanton. Only the class A seemed to be decently clothed, although most of them were quite sexy anyway. As they waited, Aurelia asked:



"Could you tell me more about these rules? What are those for class B? Which one did you break yesterday?"



"I'm afraid not, I'm not allowed to tell the rules to the newcomers.&nbsp; Well, you can infer from that that telling the rules to a new member is against the rules. But that is all I can say about that."



A woman wearing a too-short maid uniform and a C steel collar put a big tray of delicious canapés on the table. Aurelia rubbed her hands. She was salivating. "That looks delicious! I'm so happy to be here!" She giggled merrily as she picked a canapé and wolfed it down eagerly.



The room went silent and a man with a medallion with an A came to her side.



"What do you think you are doing eating before all the members above you have helped themselves to the food? Bend over, I will administer the punishment right now!".&nbsp; He took a leather crop, like the one used in race horses.



Aurelia passed through a collection of feelings: surprise, shame, anger and resignation. She starred at the riding crop. She had never felt such a thing on her skin. She wondered if this was going to be painful. She lowered her eyes.



"I am sorry. I did not know I was breaking a rule. I am new here" she answered. And then she quickly added "Of course this is no excuse and I deserve to be punished."



With that, she stood up and bent over, bracing her hands on the back of her seat.



"You forgot to say 'Sir', you always have to say "Sir" of "Madam" to the members of the upper class. It will be double the strokes for that, and I'm going to mark those two errors on your tag."



"Yes, Sir. I'm sorry Sir" she answered meekly, feeling her throat clenching.



"Count them!"



The first lash exploded on her butt. The mini skirt was too small and her cotton panties too thin to provide any protection. Never before she had felt so much pain. She yelped in agony and her legs jerked. Her finger nails dug into the the soft material of the seat back. She gulped her saliva and announced "One!". She was better prepared for the next but it still bit like hell. "Two!" As the lashes accumulated on her buttocks, red welts were accumulating on her white skin, criss-crossing it with crimson marks. Tears were rolling down her cheeks. Lady Jessica was right: she was not going to forget that rule. She was clenching her teeth so tight that her jaws began to hurt. She wanted to run away, to scream, to insult but she refrained to as she did not want to break any more rule. A group had formed around them, cheering the man yielding the riding crop. As she looked around, Aurelia met no comforting eyes. She abruptly realised that all the members were actually competing for status. Any member punished increased one's chances to be promoted.



The man gave Aurelia 20 hits to her displayed bottom. As the last one crashed on her throbbing butt, Aurelia moaned "Twenty!" and collapsed on the floor, on her kneels, bracing against the seat and sobbing. She felt as if her butt was glowing and had swelled to twice its size.



The man told her to stand and put her hands behind her back. He used a couple of wide leather straps to tie them wrist to elbow behind her back. "These will stay like that until tomorrow at this time, and also this so you learn to speak properly, and not eat food out of turn". He produced a ball gag, "Open up".



Aurelia opened her mouth wide and he pushed the ball behind her teeth before strapping it behind her neck, under her auburn mane. The ball was not too large but it would prevent her from speaking and eating. Aurelia felt her heart sinking.



Having done that, he opened a small drawer and took a small device like those made to punch holes in papers. On the tag, under the big letter B was her name, and under it there were five small squares. He used the device to punch holes in two of the squares.



With a last pat on her burning butt, he left, and the gathering around them dispersed too, leaving Aurelia on her knees on the thick carpet and Karla sitting in front of her. Her bound arms forced her to arch her back, thrusting her breasts forward. She felt utterly helpless. Just in front of her, her plate was offering its delicious canapés, of which she had only tasted one bit. Her empty stomach was churning. She was so hungry.



She stood up and sat on the chair. She moaned in her gag as her raw buttocks pressed against the material. Tears were rolling down her cheeks. She looked at Karla with pitiful eyes. Only then did she notice the little squares on Karla's tag, one of which had a hole punched through it. She understood what had been done to hers, and also realised that she might only have three more chances before being demoted to class C. She shivered at the thought. She had seen that C members were confined to lower tasks, difficult chores. They did not seem to benefit from the same luxury rooms as hers.



All the seats were occupied by now, and everyone started eating, the lower classes after the upper ones had eaten, everyone except for Aurelia who just watched helplessly. She was salivating profusely. The gag was making it difficult not to drool and her chin and cleavage was soon glistening under a layer of saliva. Threads were connecting her chin to her upper chest and, with her arms secured, there was nothing she could do to change it. This increased her feeling of helplessness and humiliation.



The door of the room opened and Lady Jessica entered. She was carrying a dog leash, but at the end of the leash there was no dog, instead it was a naked woman. Her hair was cut short, and her only piece of clothing was a heavy steel collar with a very visible D tag. Her ankles and wrists were also shackled in steel irons. From the way her skin was chaffed, it was obvious that these restraints were rarely, if ever, removed.



Aurelia's eyes opened wide at this sight. This was the first D-class member she had seen. It made her realise that there might be worse situations than what she had been imagining. She wondered what the Z members could be and she shivered at the thought.



"Okay bitch, you service all the men and women in this room unless you want another hole in your tag".



The naked woman on all fours crawled under the tables, and started giving oral pleasure to all the people sitting there. Starting of course with the A members who could easily be distinguished by their clothing.



Meanwhile Lady Jessica walked slowly around the table.



Aurelia, whose belly was growling noisily from hunger, watched as each man and woman, one after the other, was brought to orgasm by the agile tongue and mouth of the D girl. Obviously, she was very keen at doing it. When she was servicing a man, she was very cautious to swallow all the sperm they produced. When a man had jerked too much and some of his cum had spurted on the carpet, she had dutifully licked it clean. Aurelia felt her stomach heaving at the thought of the awful task she was forced to accomplish. She swore to herself she would never let herself fall down to this level. Because of her inexperience in the Society, she realised there was a chance she might make a short trip in the C class but she was sure that, even if that happened, she would then be smart and experienced enough to rapidly come back to the B or even the A level.



Lady Jessica continued walking around the table and stopped behind Aurelia.



"Are you comfortable?"



Aurelia gulped her saliva and mumbled a "yeshhh, 'a'am" through her gag. Her heart was beating hard inside her chest, trying her best to stay immobile so as to not commit any mistake.



"Don't you think it's appropriate for a member of a lower class to leave her place to another of the upper class when all the seats are taken?"



Aurelia grunted an excuse and shuffled rapidly to get out of her chair and stand up by its side, looking down at her sandals.



Lady Jessica said something to a B member who went quickly to another room, returning with two chains. Those chains had a wide shackle at each end.



"Since you enjoy so much your sitting position, we will let you have it for 24 hours".



One of the shackles was fixed to Aurelia's left knee. The front of her top was opened so as to let her breasts protrude out of it. Her bra was removed, offering the naked flesh of her perfectly firm breasts as a gift to all onlookers. The shackle on the other end of the chain went around her left breast. It was tightened, squeezing the flesh trapped inside. Aurelia saw her breast ballooning forward, its skin getting very taut and darkening. A dull pain began to grow in her trapped mammaries and she gasped. The same was done to her right side. She had been sat back on the chair and the chains were fixed with her thighs at right angle to her torso. Finally, Lady Jessica punched a third hole in Aurelia's tag.



"Now leave that chair!" she ordered.



Aurelia tried to stand up but a painful yank on her breasts pulled back down on the seat. With her hands strapped behind her, she had a difficult time sliding down the chair, all the way painfully&nbsp; jerking on her breasts. Finally she landed on her knees and she shuffled on the side of the chair. She sobbed, feeling utterly debased. Everybody was grinning at her or staring at her monstrously exposed breasts. She sat on her knees and lowered her eyes, sobbing silently.



She was desperate to leave that place and remain hidden in her room for the next 24 hours. That way, she would be sure not to break any rules. But she did not dare to leave the room on her own, afraid of breaking another rule again. She could feel her breasts swelling as internal pressure increased from blood being trapped past the shackles. Her boobs felt heavier, warmer and were beginning to itch and ache. They were turning purple and their skin was getting tauter and tauter. All long, she kept drooling on them.



The meal ended, and everyone started to leave the room, ignoring the restrained girl. She was left there.



After a while, a B with four golden studs entered the room.



"Leave this room, now, the C members must clean it, or do you want to become a C member yourself?"



Aurelia shook her head. She had already begun to crawl towards the exit as soon as she had been alone. Walking with her knees chained to her breasts was difficult and painful. She had to bend over, which lifted the back of her short skirt, showing everybody her criss-crossed butt. Walking also required a lot of caution as each move of her legs threatened to yank on her breasts.



It was in this humped posture that Aurelia got out of the dining room and entered the main hall. Contorting her neck, she looked around to orientate herself. She then started to walk again, headed towards her room.



On her way out she got a glimpse of the cleaning crew. All of them were dressed like sexy maids, one had her hands tied behind her back, but that didn't prevent her from sweeping the floors with the broomstick that had been shoved up her ass. Another one had a duster with a handle resembling a penis fixed to her mouth. They all wore the dreadful steel shackles around their necks, ankles and wrists.



Aurelia moved slowly across the hall, until she reached the stairs going up to the rooms. She moved so slowly that it seemed as if the 24 hours would have elapsed by the time she would have reached her bedroom. Her breasts were sore from being yanked whenever she took too wide a step. It seemed their volume had doubled. As she worked her way up the stairs, several A men slapped her compiscuously displayed butt as they passed by, adding to the humiliation.



Finally she reached her room. However another problem awaited her: the magnetic key-card was in a pocket in the back of her skirt and the door handle was several inches above her head. Some A and B members were passing to or from their respective room, but they were not paying much attention to her. For some time she tried to attract their attention by producing little moans and pleading with her eyes, but they kept ignoring her. Maybe a rule stated not to help fellow members in difficulty.



One of the members, an A, stopped and turned around to face her.



"Are you asking for help? to me? what am I, your servant? The rules state that while restrained you must not ask for help from members above you, you must look for someone below. I'm in a hurry, there's a Z member waiting for my attentions down below, so I don't plan to add another restraint. Just another hole in your tag. Oh well, look at this, it seems you are close to the following class."



With that, he punched a hole in her tag. Some members seemed to always have that device with them. And, not wanting this lesson to be forgotten to easily, he gave the girl five slaps on each breast before going on his way. Aurelia yelped through her gag, her eyes pleading pitifully.



Aurelia felt very frustrated to be so close to the safety of her room and still be unable to enter it. Finally, she got an idea. Carefully, she went down on her side, on the thin carpet covering the hall in front of her room. There, she began to hump her hips and crawl in a circle, still trying her best to keep her knees close to her chest. As she had hoped for, she felt her skirt slowly being pulled down past her hips, then down her thighs. Finally, by moving her legs, she was able to completely remove it.



Full of hope, she grabbed her skirt with her bound hands and managed to pull the key-card out of its pocket. She put it at an angle between the floor and the wall and crawled in a half circle until her face was close to it. Then she managed to grab the card between her upper lip and the gag. She carefully squirmed to her knees and then to her feet. The card slot was just a little to high. She had to get on her toes to slide the magnetic card in it. A green light blinked next to the door handle, indicating that it had been unlocked. All she had to do now was to press on the handle.



This was easier to say than to do, even with one's speech garbled by a gag. After many fruitless attempts, she realised there was only one way to do it. She braced her flank against the door, her face a few inches under the handle. She got as high on her toes as she could, and then she began to lift her torso. Her breasts began to stretch and she felt the pain increasing in her trapped mammaries. Still she was too short. She pulled some more, stretching her breasts farther from her chest, moaning from this self-inflicted torture. She was sweating profusely in her desperate efforts. Finally, she managed to press her gag against the tip of the handle. By chance, it was a rubber gag and so the handle did not slip as she slowly pressed it downwards. There was click as the door opened and she fell inside as its support was suddenly removed from the precariously tip-toeing Aurelia. As she fell, she yanked painfully on her already sore breasts.



She smiled as she realised she had succeeded. She was back in her room and she would just have to wait inside for 24 hours. This would be a long, painful, boring, hungry and thirsty wait, but it was better than to be demoted to the C status. She lifted her eyes and realised that her key-card was still in its slot. She had not the courage to recover it now. Instead, she crawled inside, kicked the door closed, got on her feet and shuffled into her room. She let herself fall onto her comfortable beg and, for the first time since she had been punished in the dining room, she breathed freely.



At least the remote controller for the TV was on the bed. The TV had some of the usual channels with sports and movies, some with porn movies, and there were two channels that differentiated this place from any hotel: One was a Video-On-Demand channel, the collection of videos proposing movies like:



Z-132 wooden horse

Z-132 rack

Z-334 electricity

Z-14 execution day 1

Z-14 execution day 2



The screen allowed the user to search for the name of Z-member or method; each video had a running time of several hours.



The other channel was a live feed of the things happening in the dungeon, with the option of selecting the camera angle. Right now there was a naked woman on a metal chair, electrodes attached to her genitals and breasts; she danced and squirmed as the man that had just punished Aurelia operated a control box.



She zapped quickly through the different channels and videos, her eyes widening at the sight of the cruelties that were being or had been performed in this place. The Z-members were a pitiful lot indeed. All those she saw were stark naked. They looked filthy and exhausted. Some were wearing incredible scars or were even cruelly mutilated. They had no real name. Just a number. Aurelia shivered.Those girls were probably the dumbest on Earth to have broken so many rules as to finish there. Maybe, they were deserving of their fates, after all.



Apart from the sensations coursing trough Aurelia at that moment, she started to feel the need to piss. She switched off the TV set and squirmed until she was sitting at the edge of her bed. From this position, she stood up while staying doubled over at the waist. She shuffled her feet towards the bathroom, which, by chance, was open. Inside, she leaned against the wall and managed to hook her panties against a towel hanger. By wiggling her hips and legs, she was able to slide her panties down. The lower part of her body was now stark naked, except for her sandals. The upper part was still wearing her top and bra, but as her breasts had been pulled out of them, they were hardly providing any covering.



With her panties out of the way, she sat down on the toilet bowl and released her bladder. With her arms strapped as they were, she was unable to wipe herself clean. However, she would try and take a bath later in the day. For now, she only flushed the toilet and then shuffled toward the sink. She was able to open the water and, by pressing her gagged mouth against the faucet, she managed to drink some of it. This was very welcome as her mouth was completely dry from drooling so much.



Once her thirst had been quenched, she moved back to her bed and lay on it. She looked at the clock: there were still 22 hours to wait before being released. Only then could she be allowed to eat something and then to earn her first golden stud.



Her forced curled position was causing aching in her arms and back. And of course her breasts were getting more and more painful. She was also bored to death. The TV set kept lurking at her. Curiosity made her switch it on and select the "Z-132 wooden horse movie". Maybe, by looking and listening intently, she could manage to learn a few more rules... Although she doubted the rules for the Z level were the same as those for the B level.



Browsing the videos she noticed a chilling fact: some of the series labeled execution reached until day 16. When the movie started, the screen was divided in four panels, each focusing on the center of the chamber from a different angle. They showed a naked woman astride a wooden ridge, her legs secured to rings set on the floor. She was held upright by a pair of shackles on her breast that hanged from the ceiling, similar to the ones Aurelia was currently wearing, only these showed signs of blood on the edges. One of the camera angles was a close-up of her crotch. One could see the sharpness of the ridge, and when the prisoner moved a little one could also get a glimpse of a wooden phallus deeply inserted into her vagina. The was a little blood.



A man entered the scene, and with a long bullwhip started painting red lines on her back and front, both angles covered perfectly by the cameras. This went on for about 10 minutes and the progress bar at the bottom of the screen showed that only 2% of the video had elapsed. Most of the video was her suffering alone. At one point, the chains holding her legs were shortened, pulling her harder on the ridge, and a tray containing red hot coals placed on the floor under her feet. A camera zooming on her feet showed the blisters forming on her soles.



Aurelia was profoundly shocked by what she was seeing. She zapped through a few other videos, all showing similar cruelties. The torturers were always class-A members, sometimes assisted by a few class B. Aurelia did not know how to sit to relieve the pain in her arms. With time, cramps had begun to form in her muscles and shoulders and she could find no comfortable position. Her breasts too were aching like hell. They were so taut, so sensitive. Event the light brush from a bed sheet was enough to make her whimper in pain. Having to keep her legs folded all the time was producing severe cramps in her muscles and her lower back was aching. There was no way she could stretch her legs though.



She urinated once again and then took a bath in her private jacuzzi. This relaxed her a little. Drying herself afterwards proved difficult though. She had to pull the towel onto the floor and roll against it. Her soaked hair was the most difficult to attend to and she ended up with her curls all entangled.



She returned to her bed and decided to have a look at an execution video.



Shocked by so much horror, she finally fell asleep. Her night was filled with nightmares. She woke up regularly, either because of too scary a dream, or because her legs had yanked on her breasts. Her back ache was driving her mad and she could not find any position that brought her relief for more than a few minutes. When she woke up in the morning, she was drenched in sweat and tired.



Looking at the clock, she realised that the 24 hours were almost over. She took a shower to wash her sore body from the woes of the night. Once clean and more or less dry, except for her hair which was completely entangled, and as matted as that of a witch. As she laid back on her bed, looking at the clock, she was wondering if someone would come to her room to free her of whether she should get out to find someone. She preferred to wait a little longer, just to be on the safe side. Nobody came to see Aurelia in her room, she was left to suffer her punishment alone until the 24 hours had elapsed.



Day 2 - Demoted!



Finally there was a beep behind her neck, on the padlock holding the gag, followed by another behind her back. But that was all, only a signal that the time had elapsed. In the mirror, she could get a glimpse of a green light on them, but they did not unlock themselves. Maybe only certain members could remove them.



She decided to leave her room. By now, she was feeling weak from lack of food and she really longed for a good meal. The only problem was that she did not know how to put back on the clothes she had removed. Apart from the sandals, she was naked up to the waist, and her breasts were obscenely protruding out of her top. After a few unsuccessful attempts to glide into her skirt, she resigned herself to getting out of her room half naked. She was just hoping this would not be seen as breaking a rule.



She had not completely closed the door of her room and thus it was relatively easy to open it with her toes. She walked out, bent at the waist and drooling on the floor. She was unable to recover her key-card, which was still waiting in the slot. I'll take it later, when my arms are free again, she thought.



Slowly, carefully, painfully, she shuffled down the stairs into the main hall. As she walked, she was careful not to bump into anybody or anything. She kept her eyes down all the time. Her sore breasts received quite a lot of hard yanking along the way. Once in the hall, she knelt on the marble floor and waited for someone to notice her and the flashing green lights on her restraints. She did not dare to approach anybody, fearing to break a rule.



The girl was not a sight that could go unnoticed. A man, B member with four studs, finally had pity of her and using a special key decided to remove the restraints, first the gag, then the shackles of her arms, and finally opened the ones forcing her in the sitting position.



"Hope you have learned your lessons, you are on the very edge of the next class. And go get some clothes, if the people here get used to seeing you naked they will make sure you break some more rules".



"Thanks for freeing me, and thanks for the advice too. I wish you a good day. I hope to meet you again" she answered, a wide smile on her face. Her breasts were still throbbing from their long incarceration, but she felt so much better now.



"You must have been gagged for failing to speak properly to a member superior to you. And not a minute passes before you break that very same rule again. I have no power to punch the last hole on your tag right now, but you better prepare for your degradation ceremony later."



Aurelia's blood froze in her veins. She had broken a rule. She had not realised that four-stud B-members too were considered superior to her and she had failed. Now she was trembling. She knew what this mistake meant. It was her fifth mistake, the one that was going to demote her to the C level. She felt depressed. Still, she knew she had to hurry if she was to have anything to eat.



She put her breasts back inside her widely-cleft top and hurried up the stairs. It was so easy to move now! She reached her room and grabbed the key-card before entering her room. She had to hurry to get ready for the lunch. She took a short shower, arranged her hair and put back her outfit. It felt so good to be clothed again! Happy with her looks, she left her room again and hurried to the dining room. There, she found Karla at the same table as the previous day. There was a free place by her side and, after asking if she could sit there and being welcomed, she sat down.



Once again, her stomach was growling and forming knots inside her belly. She was salivating in anticipation. Still, she was very careful not to speak unless spoken to and was very attentive about where class A members were and what they were doing.



As the lunch moved on, Aurelia ate eagerly the delicious food. The meal was comforting her and she almost forgot the mistake she had done. Maybe the man would forget it too? After all, he was a B member as well, he might have pity. But every time a new meal was served, the sight of the C-member who brought it was making her heart contract. She was wondering what their life was, where their quarters were located, what comforts they were allowed. She realised she knew so little about the other classes...









﻿Level C 

 

After the lunch, Lady Jessica rose and called to silence. 

 

"I'm sad to tell you all that a B member on this very table hasn't learned to follow the rules even with all our efforts. She must be sent to the next level". 

 

Aurelia's throat clenched at these words. They had not forgotten. She was going to be demoted. She was unable to stop the tears from flowing down her cheeks. 

 

"Aurelia, stand up and come to the center of the room". 

 

Slowly, Aurelia stood up, wiping her tears. She walked to the centre of the room, looking down at her feet, sniffing. 

 

"Now remove your clothes, all of them". 

 

Reluctantly, the young girl slipped out of her top. Her breasts were still marred by two crimson circles around their bases, where the shackles had impressed their mark during the previous 24 hours. She then wiggled out of her skirt. She had not managed to use it a lot, after all... Then she unstrapped her sandals and finally slid her thong down her long, shapely legs. Here she was, stark naked in the middle of the dining room, countless eyes staring at her beautiful body, a body that might soon become available to them if ever she glided down to the D level. She sighed, not daring to lift her eyes from her toes. 

 

A B member came forward with four steel shackles. They were closed tightly around each ankle and each wrist. Her collar was removed after being punctured for the last time, and was replaced by a new one, made out of steel. A wide C tag was attached to it. Aurelia gulped her saliva loudly as the collar was tightened around her neck. This one was far from the delicate leather thing she had been wearing so far. It was thick and heavy, without any art or taste. It was a restraint, not a jewel. Similarly, the shackles felt heavy on her feet and hands. It would be difficult to forget their presence. 

 

Once she was properly secured, she was handed her new clothes. This time, there was not need to take measurements. All C members wore the same kind of outfit, either a loin cloth or a tabbard. In her case, it was a long, brownish rectangle of burlap cloth with a diamond-shaped hole in the middle. Although it seemed clean, there were dubious spots here and there. She passed her head through the hole and cinched a coarse rope around her waist to prevent the fore and aft flaps of the garment to flail too much. The lower hem barely reached her mid thighs. Her flanks were left totally uncovered and the points of the diamond-shaped hole were leaving a navel-deep cleavage between her breasts and down her spine. She blushed. This cloth was hardly covering anything and it was so coarse that her skin was itching. 

 

Ironing 

 

She was then led out of the room, through the kitchen door. As she crossed the kitchen, she could see other C-members cooking the meals and washing the dishes. What a contrast with the room next door! Then she was led to the laundry room. As she walked, the heavy steel irons were bouncing on her ankle bones, reminding her constantly of her new condition. She was clasping her entangled fingers desperately, touching from time to time the cold steel that was circling her wrists. A ball of anguish was growing in her throat. 

 

"Get to work! Someone will tell you what to do. If your superiors don't feel you are working with enough enthusiasm, you will soon be sent to the D class." 

 

Aurelia looked around at the heaps of dirty clothes and at the other C-members working, under the severe control of a B-male member. 

 

"You, start ironing those shirts, quickly!" 

 

"Yes, Sir. Immediately, Sir" answered Aurelia, scared at the idea of being demoted even lower in the Society hierarchy. 

 

The man, helped by a few C members with bronze studs on their tags, checked all the work done by the others. 

 

Aurelia was eager to do well. She wanted to quickly earn studs so as to earn back the B status, which seemed so sweet now that she was a C-member. There was a heap of shirts as tall as Aurelia. This was going to be a very boring task. But it was simple enough. She took the first shirt and began ironing it carefully. She then folded it finely and took the next shirt. 

 

The boring task continued for an hour. As the heap of tangled shirts had diminished by half, another C-girl came carrying a basket spilling over with more shirts, which she heaped upon the other. Aurelia looked at it with wide eyes. But she did not complain and continued to work. Her arm was very tired by now. The combined weight of the iron and the steel shackle on her wrist was making it increasingly difficult to push and lift the device. Her arm began to tremble, she was sweating, soaking her tabbard with perspiration. And suddenly, tiredness made her make a terrible mistake. As she was putting the iron onto its support to fold a just-ironed shirt, her cramped hand had an involuntary jerk and she dropped the device. The iron fell from the table and broke in pieces on the floor, leaving a deep dent in the wooden planking. 

 

A heavy silence enveloped the room. All eyes were moving from Aurelia to the B controller and back. Aurelia's heart had almost ceased beating as she realised what she had just done. 

 

"You stupid bitch!, what have you done?" 

 

"Sir, I am sorry. My arm was so tired. I could hardly control it any more" she answered pitifully, not daring to lift her eyes from her bare feet. 

 

"All the ironing team will lose any earned studs for your carelessness". 

 

All the other girls looked at Aurelia with hatred. Aurelia felt even more ashamed of her mistake. She hoped the other girls would not be too mad at her for that. 

 

"And so you don't forget to take good care while doing your tasks, bend over the table and raise your robe". 

 

She bent over the table and pulled up her burlap robe, completely revealing her bare, firm buttocks. The table was slightly lower than her hips, making her butt jut obscenely in the air. She rested her face against the table and did not dare to look behind her. 

 

"And you" he said to another girl, one who had had two studs until now, "make her not forget about it". 

 

The girl grabbed the hot iron and applied it to Aurelia's buttocks. There was a sizzling hiss and Aurelia screamed at the top of her lungs. She dug her nails into the table, feeling her butt burning. She could not believe what had just happened! She had been burned! Would this leave a life-long mark on her otherwise perfect butt? 

 

Next the overseer got a punishment device. It consisted of an iron ring with a pair of short chains with other smaller rings attached. The iron ring was fixed around her neck, next to her C-member collar. and the smaller rings were fixed around her wrists, forcing her hands about 20 centimeters away from her face. He then punched a hole in her tag, the first of the ten slots allotted to C-members. 

 

"Now go to the supplies store for another iron!". 

 

"Yes Sir. As you wish Sir!" she answered and left for where he had indicated. With her hands chained to her neck, she felt handicapped and ridiculous. Her butt was throbbing and she was glad that her current task did not require her to sit down. She arrived at the supply room and asked the B member responsible for the stocks: "Sir, please, I need a new iron. Could you provide me with one, please?" 

 

"You are in restraints because you don't follow the rules, and still manage to break more.&nbsp; You must keep your eyes lowered when in the presence of a higher member. We have to make sure you don't forget that!" 

 

Aurelia was fitted with an iron mask, if had one very small orifice for the mouth, another for the nose, and two for the eyes. The latter had a hinged cover, the hinge being at the top of the cover, and there was a heavy weight at its bottom. It was a clever design because if the mask was vertical, the cover would close the eyes, but if the mask was almost facing the floor, they would open. She could not see it happen, but a second hole was punched into her tag. Then he left the iron on the floor for her to pick up. 

 

Aurelia sobbed inside the heavy mask. It was tight and strong. It was pressing against her face from all part and was heavy on her head. She immediately hated it, and in particular the eye covers. As she lowered her head to make the eye holes open, she saw the iron waiting for her in front of her feet. With her hands chained to her collar, she had to squat down and then almost to lie on the ground in order to grab it. Then she stood back up. 

 

"Thanks Sir" she said while keeping her face lowered. Her voice was strangely changed by the steel mask. 

 

Holding the iron, she went back to the laundry room. The pile of shirts had increased during her absence. She quickly plugged in the iron and went back to work. Now, everything was more difficult. She was bent over the table, keeping her face just above the shirt she was ironing for her wrist chains to let her reach it. After just a few minutes, the heat inside the mask had become unbearable and she was sweating profusely. The perspiration was burning her eyes. The weight of the mask was pulling on her neck and causing her back to ache. And of course, ironing in that awkward position was even more tiring than before. 

 

She did not dare to complain though and did her best to work as quickly as possible. By luck, in spite of all these handicaps, she did not make any mistakes. At about 9:00 pm all of the girls started leaving their work and headed for a large hall. Aurelia followed them as best as she could. Because of the mask and the blinds, it was not easy. Her field of vision was extremely narrow. 

 

The hall had plenty of tables and chairs and looked like a prison dining room. Some C members served the food. The lucky ones who were higher in the C class hierarchy could have some left-overs from the meals of the upper-class members, the rest had a nourishing yet not very tasty meal. 

 

Aurelia sat at a table and waited for all the other people to start eating before touching her meal. All that time she stayed mute with her head lowered. She had little choice anyway as whenever she lifted her head to rest her sore neck, she was plunged into darkness. 

 

Eating was not easy. She had to bend over her plate to reach the food with her chained hands, and then had to squeeze tiny bits through the narrow mouth hole in her mask. It was a slow and frustrating process, which caused some of her mates to grin. But at last, she managed to finish her plate. 

 

Later all the peoples in the room started heading for the bedrooms. Those were like those in the barracks of a military base: eight simple two-level beds with a blanket, meaning that each room could hold 16 persons, males and females. A room at the end of the corridor was only half full and this was the one Aurelia was introduced to. An overseer passed, chaining one of her leg rings to the bed. 

 

One of the girls who had been on the ironing team that day happened to be in the same dormitory as her. She silently snuck over to Aurelia's bunk, sat over her head, and pissed into the mouth of the mask. The poor girl couldn't see anything. She just felt the movement and then the smelly warm stream entering the mask. She squirmed and struggled, trying to get rid of her unseen attacker, but with her chained hands, there was little she could do. As the blinders of her mask were shut, she could not even know who was her opponent. The overseer didn't do anything to prevent it, and just laughed at the sight. 

 

At 10:00 pm another alarm sounded and everyone rushed to bed. All the lights were turned off. Aurelia was left with her face soaked with pungent urine. The filthy liquid had trickled into her hair as well and soaked her hard mattress. It took some time for her to get to sleep. Whenever she moved, the chains on her wrists or on her ankle rattled. The mask was very uncomfortable and the urine that was sticking inside was making it even harder. Eventually, exhausted, she fell asleep. 

 

Day 3 - Washing the dishes 

 

An alarm clock sounded at 5:30 am and the overseer opened the chains attached to the legs of all in the room. Nobody made any attempt to make sure the girl in the iron mask was awake. However, the sound had been so loud that Aurelia had been pulled out of her uneasy sleep. 

 

They all headed to a large room with showers, all males and females mixed in those large rooms.&nbsp; They seemed to be used to the lack of privacy. As she was unable to remove her urine-soaked burlap dress alone, Aurelia went to one of her room mates and, looking at her feet through the narrow eye slits, she asked "Please, Madame. Could you help me remove my dress?" 

 

She didn't say anything, and just went to the overseer, who approached Aurelia. 

 

"While restrained, you shall not ask for help to a member above you, you must look for one with more holes in the tag than you, or for a member of the next class down, a class you seem to want to reach very soon". 

 

Aurelia gasped under her iron mask, realising she had just made another mistake. It was all going so fast. If she continued like that, she would soon find herself in the Z class... 

 

The overseer knelt down, and placed a pair of narrow high-heel shoes on her feet. They were fixed to the rings around her ankles, and he attached a short chain to the ankle rings of the poor woman. She would now only be able to walk in very small steps, making all of her tasks more difficult. She also could barely hear another hole punched in her tag. All the members around her cracked a smile, watching the poor girl making small steps on the wet and sloppy floor. 

 

As she walked in the painful shoes, the chain rattled loudly. She was still wearing her dress and did not want to get wet. She had noticed that everybody else was naked under the showers and it might well be a rule. Limping in the high heels, shuffling her feet, she began to walk around the changing room, going from one person to the next, contorting her masked head to glance at their tags. 

 

It was only after she had met four people that she finally found one who sported five holes in his tag. This was a man and he was in the process of taking his clothes off to go to the shower. Aurelia, keeping her head lowered, whispered: "Excuse me Sir. Could you please help me removing my dress? I want to go to the shower." 

 

The man did his best to comply, but you cannot remove that kind of clothing with chains holding your arms to your neck.&nbsp; Still, he managed to pass it over her head and roll it into a bundle she could hold with one hand. The pull of the cloth on her neck forced her other hand closer to her ear. 

 

Some of the members were already finishing and were putting their clothes back. The clock was showing 5:50. 

 

Aurelia thanked the helpful man and hurried under the showers. She could not rub herself but the water running down her body was good enough. She tried to get as much water to enter her mask as possible so as to get rid of the awful smell of public restroom that was floating in it. By keeping her hands tightly pressed around her dress, she managed to keep it reasonably dry. She had not worn her shoes for more than a few minutes, but they were already hurting her feet badly. She wondered how she could bear them for a full 24 hours. 

 

But there was not time to lose. The showers and the changing room were almost empty. She hurried as fast as she could out of the showers, her body dripping with water, her high heels clicking on the wet tiles. The man who had helped her before was still here, putting back his own robe, which was in all points similar to hers. She turned to him and asked him politely to help her put back her dress. He complied in a hurry and they then rushed out of the changing room. Being free of his moves, he quickly outpaced her. She was shuffling her chained feet as quickly as she dared without risking a fall from her high heels. Her heart was beating quickly. She was leaving a watery trail behind her and her dress showed large wet spots where it was stuck to her soaked skin. Water kept trickling from her mask where it had accumulated. The ammonia stench was still there but much weaker than before. She doubted it could be smelled from the outside, but she would have to live with it until she could wash it better. 

 

Every member had gathered in front of a board were their names were written next to the chore of the day. Aurelia arrived there just as the clock shifted to 6 AM. She went to the board but because of the hinged blinders, she was unable to read it. She found a girl with 6 holes in her C tag and asked her to read what was written next to her name. It appeared that she would be washing the dishes. It seemed that nobody wanted her near the ironing room again. Washing the dishes included the ones left from yesterday's dinner, and the ones from the other members' breakfast. 

 

Aurelia was led to the kitchen where a mountain of dirty dishes was awaiting her and her mates. It was decided that, in her pitiful state, the less dangerous place for her regarding the integrity of the vessels, and indirectly regarding the safety of the team's studs, was at the sink. There, if she happened to let something fall, it would land in the hot water and had a good chance of escaping unbroken. 

 

This did not mean that it was easy. Once again, the shortness of her arm reach forced her to bend over the sink, almost dipping her masked face into the steaming water. With her high-heels and chained ankles, she had to bend even lower, as she could not spread her legs to lower herself as she had done the day before when ironing laundry. Now her legs were kept together and the cupboard under the sink prevented her from flexing her knees. In no time the back of her legs and her spine were aching and cramping badly. The steam was also heating her iron mask, transforming it into a portable sauna. How she managed to not break a thing was a mystery to her and to her anguished mates, who had learned about the fate of the ironing team of the day before. 

 

At midday an alarm sounded from the speakers all over the area, calling all the C-mates to lunch break. Aurelia straightened herself, sighing in relief as her back was so painful. Keeping her head lowered and shuffling her heeled feet as fast as she could, she followed her team to the refectory. There, once again, just to be safe, she waited until everybody was seated before taking a seat herself. Then she only began to eat once everybody else had done so. 

 

Eating was as difficult as for the last dinner. She had to squeeze little lanyards of food through the mouth hole of the mask. But in addition, today the meal was spoiled by the urinal flavour that the inside of her mask was seasoned with. She wondered who had done that to her. She hated her for it as it had made her life even more miserable than it was intended to be. 

 

At the end of the meal, they had some spare time to go to the bathroom and get ready for the afternoon task. 

 

Aurelia was longing to relieve her bladder and hurried to the restroom. To her shame, she realised that they provided no more privacy than the showers.&nbsp; It was a big room with a row of toilet bowls along all the walls. Several men and women were already seated, facing each other, staring at the tiled floor. 

 

She hobbled to a free bowl in a corner and sat on it. She was glad that she had no panties as she would have been unable to lower them. With her skimpy dress, she had to sit down and urinate. Once she was done, however, she had no way to wipe herself clean. Blushing under her heavy mask, she left the outrageous place. 

 

On her way to the job board, a girl who had her hands tied behind her back and sported 5 holes on her tag, dropped some of the clothes she was trying to carry. After quite some effort to pick them back up, she asked Aurelia for help. "Please mistress, I don't want to be late". 

 

Aurelia looked at the poor girl with pity from behind her mask. However, she could do nothing with her chained hands and was not sure she had the right to. She was of a lower rank and should be punished for asking her help. She looked around and saw a B member a little farther. She went to him and said. 

 

"Excuse me Sir. The girl there asked me for help although I am of a higher rank." 

 

"Yes, I will see to it". The man went to the poor girl and attached a pair of short chains to her ankle rings, and also punched another hole in her tag.&nbsp; She just lowered her head, a tear running down, knowing that now she would surely be late with the clothes and be punished for that. 

 

Somewhat ashamed of having denounced a fellow C-mate, Aurelia continued on her way to the chore board. On it was written the jobs for the afternoon. They seemed not to want to risk some broken dishes, and instead assigned her to sweep, mop and clean the main halls and dining room. The A and B members would be amused to watch the heavily restrained girl trying to complete her task. 

 

Washing the floors 

 

Aurelia was given a mop and a bucket full of soapy water, and was led to the main hall of the mansion. An unseen tear drop trickled down her cheek as she saw this magnificent place. She had been so enthralled on the day of her arrival. She had been so proud to be a part of this entity. She had entertained so many hopes and projects as a A or B member in this castle. And now she was in this very place, half naked, cruelly restrained and forced to clean the floor. 

 

As she began to sweep and mop the marble floor, she realised that most Society members were barely looking at her. It was as if she was transparent. She remembered having behaved in the exact same way. She was also surprised at the scarcity of peoples there. In comparison to the crowding of the C-class quarters, this place seemed almost solitary. She realised that the Society seemed to be built as a pyramid with a few A-members reigning over an elite B-class sustained by the work of a lot of C workers. She wondered how many D and Z members there were and where they were kept. She had seen more D-class members since she had become a C, but she had yet to meet a Z in flesh and blood. 

 

After having washed the whole floor, she began working on the stairs; those same stairs which she had so much pained to climb the day before when she had been heading for her room. She wondered if that room had been reallocated to someone else. The heavy mask prevented her from looking at her room. Actually, her field of vision was confined to a very small area around her high-heeled feet. 

 

Mopping the floor was a relatively easy task compared to ironing and washing dishes. She could move, walk, and stretch her limbs. She could straighten her back and suffered much less. She was progressing relatively quickly up the wide, imposing staircase. The afternoon was almost over when suddenly, as she pulled the handle of her mop towards herself, she touched something behind her and heard a series of swears. She turned to apologise to whoever she had touched but her overly rapid movement made her lose her balance. She tried to recover it, and yanked hard on her collar with her chained wrists, desperately trying to spread her legs.&nbsp; She oscillated on her incredibly high heels, and kicked her bucket, which tumbled down the stairs with a thunderous noise that echoed between the marbles pillars. She herself fell on her butt and glided down the soapy trail the bucket had left in the wake of its fall, landing on her back at the bottom of the stairs. Her head had banged several times against the marble steps. Her steel mask had protected her, but the sound was still ringing in her skull. She staggered up to her knees, trying to recover her senses. 

 

There was some laughter, and then silence as a pair of high heels stepped next to Aurelia. 

 

"Stupid bitch, get on your knees and clean all this mess!" 

 

As she was bent over on all fours, the short chain to the neck forcing her head downwards, her ass was forced into the air. A shackle was attached to her knee, similar to the one used on her just a day ago.&nbsp; To her relief, this time the other end didn't go to her breast, but to her elbow. The other side of her body was restrained in a similar fashion, a short chain connecting the knee and elbow. The new binding, combined with the one holding her ankles close to each other, and the one from her wrists to her neck, made movement so difficult for her that a slug could have outrun her. One of her team mates gave her some fabric to dry the stairs. If she was upset by Aurelia's mistake, she did not dare to show it at the moment, probably frightened by the presence of all of the higher-up members in the area. 

A fourth hole was punched into her tag. 

 

Not wanting to risk another accident, they took all of the cleaning utensils and the bucket when she was finished, and headed for the refectory to have dinner. They left the crawling girl alone to struggle, as her progress was so very slow. 

 

Aurelia was now forced to crawl on her knees and elbows. Her legs could not move more than a few inches at a time because of the chain linking her ankles, and her arms were not much better off, with her wrists chained to her neck. She could hardly see where she was crawling. It was a very long way to the refectory indeed and her knees and elbows became very sore. 

 

When she finally reached the C-members area the alarms on her mask and neck collar beeped and a green light blinked, but no one seemed to care at the moment. They left a plate on the floor for her, so that she could eat her dinner like a dog - but not before all of the cleaning team had spit all over the food. 

 

Her meal was covered with their spit and it looked disgusting. Still, Aurelia was so hungry that she devoured the sour stuff, accompanied by the laughter of her mates. She had to hurry and wolf down her dinner as time was running short. Once done, she crawled back to the barracks. 

 

When reaching the barracks, she was called on by the overseer who removed the heavy helmet and the ring around her neck, along with the chains connected to her wrists shackles. The clock showed 9:40 pm.&nbsp; 

 

All of the lower bunks in the room were occupied, and only a few of the upper ones were free. All of her room mates were keeping their eyes upon her, eager to see her try to climb up there. Aurelia's eyes went desperately from the upper-level beds to the grinning face surrounding her. How could she climb these ladders chained the way she was? 

 

Aurelia crawled to the closest one and knelt at its foot. She grabbed the vertical posts and tried to lift her knees up onto the first step. Her steel high-heeled shoes kept sliding on the tiled floor, preventing her from succeeding. She struggled for several minutes to no avail. Finally, seeing that it was almost 10 PM, she crawled under a bed and curled up there on the cold floor. 

 

The overseer chained her leg to the bed as she was, and the girl who was on that bed was told to take one of the free upper beds, as there was only one chain per bed. 

 

Aurelia slept very badly. Not only was she chained in a way that prevented her from relaxing, but the floor was hard and cold against her barely covered skin. She kept turning and rolling, unable to find a comfortable position. 

 

Day 4 - First glimpse at the D quarters 

 

The alarm sounded again, at the same time as the previous day. It seemed to be the daily routine: up at 6, a task for the morning, a task for the afternoon and then in bed until the next morning. Since her very first day in her jacuzzi, taking a simple bath seemed like an impossible task. She could stand bent over, to have her elbows close to her knees, but the position was very unstable. 

 

At 6AM the alarm clock sounded and she hurried to the showers and managed to get someone of lower rank to help her out of her simple dress. The green light on her impossible high-heels blinked and a B member unlocked them. She was now only restrained with the chains that connected her elbows to her knees.&nbsp; It was much easier to move around and she could wash herself more easily. Again, someone helped her to put her dress on. 

 

She then shuffled her feet towards the chore board. Her task for today would be to wash the dishes again, as it seemed the only place where she would not cause any disasters. She went there and began the boring routine again. She had to climb onto the sink and kneel next to it in order to wash the dishes. This was not very easy, but it was easier than the day before, and she managed to complete the task without breaking anything. As the alarm sounded, signalling the end of the morning chore, she was full of hope as she walked to the refectory. In the afternoon she would be freed from her last handicap and then she would be on her way to earn studs and go back to class B. 

 

At the table where the other members tasked with washing dishes were sitting, there was an empty chair. At least not everything seemed to be going badly for her at the moment. Folded in two because of her restraints, she went to the table and sat on the free seat, after having checked that no higher-ranked member was still standing. Her back was aching from being bent for so long and her knees and elbows were roughly chaffed by their shackles. She ate without saying a word, thinking about being freed from all of her restraints in the afternoon.&nbsp; She listened to her chore mates, trying to gather more information about the Society. Finally, as she had finished eating before them, she whispered to her neighbour, who was a black girl who sported four holes in her tag, just like she did. "Hello, my name is Aurelia. How long have you been here?" 

 

"About two months, you get used to it. Very few members return to the B level. It is so difficult, you need a member of the upper class willing to support your case. I'm Gina by the way", the black girl answered. 

 

"Nice to meet you, Gina. I'm glad to see you have managed to stay two months with only four holes. As for me, I’ve already collected all of them in only two days. Did you know the rules before getting here? Have you been a D member in the past?" Aurelia continued. 

 

Gina answered in the negative with a shake of her head. 

 

After they had finished eating she went for her usual bathroom break. She was not yet used to urinating in front of other people but she did not dare look around her as she did. She noticed that many of the C members were wearing restraints and some had heavily scarred bodies. Almost all of them had long-imprinted chaffing marks around their limbs. As a result, the men were lurking with desiring looks at her still mostly unmarked body. She often felt hands discretely groping her when they were in crowded areas. 

 

She then went to the chore board where the jobs for the rest of the day were already written. This time they wanted to test her cooking skills. Of course, she would not be tasked with anything important on her first day; she would be part of the team responsible of bringing the food for the C and lower levels. The food consisted of a mixture of everything left over from the cooking and from the plates, augmented by a lot of potatoes and cereals. They sent her to the D member quarters, pushing a cart holding the cauldron of food. 

 

Just before she left the area, the alarm on her only remaining restraints beeped, and they were removed by the man at the door. She was at last free of any handicap to finish her job. It felt so good to be free again. Free, at least if she was willing to forget the heavy shackles that were weighing down her ankles, wrists and neck. But at least she was able to move freely, which would help her to carry out her task without making any more mistakes. 

 

There were signs on the wall telling her where to go to reach the D member area. Finally she reached a door guarded by a high-ranking C member. He inspected her and wrote her name on a notebook, before opening the door. A puff of bad-smelling air invaded her nostrils. The guard pushed her and the cart inside and hastily locked the door behind her. She was in a long, downward sloping gallery. As she pushed her cart along it, she had to cross through several heavy leather curtains. After each curtain, the smell got stronger. Eventually, another guard opened a second door for her. 

 

Normally, one would have imagined they were entering a farm, because of the almost animal smell filling the space. The large room she had entered contained row upon row of cages, each holding a naked D member. The cages were stacked on top of each other, up to three levels. In each was a small slot where food could be poured in. There were uncountable rows of these cage stacks and Aurelia had to feed them all, a task that could easily take the full afternoon. The lower level of cages was half emerging from a dip. Each cage was placed on 30-centimetre feet, which allowed to flush the floor easily when it became too cluttered with filth - an operation that was obviously not done very often. The feeding slots of the three storeys of cages were not placed at the same point. The lower cages had their openings close to their roof - which also formed the floor of their upper neighbour; the middle cages had them in the middle, while the highest cages had them close to the floor. This arrangement allowed Aurelia to feed everyone easily without having to bend or raise herself up on her toes too much. 

 

The D members themselves were quite appalling. They were stark naked and their skins glistened with sweat and filth. Their ankles, wrists and neck were encircled in thicker, wider and heavier copies of the C-level shackles. Moreover, their ankles were connected by a heavy, 50-centimetre chain, as were their wrists. It seemed to be a permanent restraint, not a punishment. Although the length of these chains did not restrain their movements too much, their sheer weight was a nuisance, and they kept clanging against each other with any movement. This filled the room with a continuous clanging. Of course, some of them were restrained in a stricter, sometimes quite appalling way. 

 

Most of the Dees were able to sit straight in their cage, but none of them could stretch his or her limbs nor stand because of the size of the cages. The walls of the cages consisted of wide-spaced bars which allowed them to pass their limbs through, as far as their chains would let them. By contrast, the floors and roofs consisted of narrower bars, through which they could only squeeze a few fingers. 

 

Aurelia observed that the upper cages were occupied by high-ranking Dees, while the lower row was reserved for those with several punches in their tags. It was immediately obvious that the upper row was much more comfortable than the lower row: they got more fresh air to breathe, and their waste dripped on those below. Of course the lowest cages received a double rain of filth. It also seemed that their cages had a somewhat lower roof. 

 

The caged members had no dishes. When Aurelia passed by their cage, they placed their hands in a bowl-shape just under the feeding slot and she poured some of the brew into them. She was then greeted with an instant response of 'Thank you Madame". Those whose hands were restrained in a stricter way tried to put their gaping mouth under the slot, or they just licked what had fallen on the floor of their cramped home. Some of the cages were empty. No doubt the person to whom they belonged were forced to skip their meal to service other members. 

 

Aurelia passed through the many rows, pouring a big spoon of brew for every Dee for the whole afternoon. This was an easy enough task, made easier by the lack of restraints. But she was eager to leave this dreadful place. She was also sweating like a fountain and had the impression that her body and hair was being impregnated with the overwhelming stench. Motivated by the urge to get out of this depressing place, Aurelia worked quickly and efficiently. She finished her work earlier than usual, without even spilling the smallest drop of the smelly food. 

 

When she came back to the kitchen with her empty cauldron, her overseer was so satisfied that he accorded her her first stud, which was screwed into her collar. Aurelia felt so proud! She had just climbed up in the hierarchy. Four more studs and she would be ready to get back to the B level. 

 

Some of the members lowered their heads as Aurelia passed, she was finally advancing in the C-members society. This was even noticeable in the food that was offered to her at dinner. 

 

She still had to be chained to her bed at night, but it was her first night without anyone bothering her. 

 

Day 5 - Driving too fast 

 

The next day arrived, and it was also Aurelia’s first shower she had enjoyed without having trouble getting undressed. The first task of the day would again be cleaning. 

 

While traveling the halls with her bucket and mop, she was called upon by a female B member who had her hands tied behind her back, and who needed help in getting to her room. 

 

"Certainly, Madame" Aurelia answered, while keeping her head lowered. She was anxious, as she was every time she was dealing with a superior. She was so afraid of making another mistake. "Please lead me to your room, Madame", she continued. The bound Bee walked down the hall and stopped by a door. She pointed out to Aurelia that her key card was in a pocket in the back of her skirt. Aurelia took the card and slid it through the key slot and the door opened. "Here you are, Madame. Do you need more help?" Aurelia asked as she was giving the card back. She had been hoping that the Bee might ask her to stay with her for the night. Also, making friends among the B members might prove useful once she reached the five-stud level and was ready to be voted back in to level B. To please the Bee even more, she knelt down by the door while keeping her eyes on the floor all the time. 

 

"You may go and continue with your job" the B girl answered. 

 

Aurelia recovered her bucket and tools and continued her cleaning work. With her limbs free, it was much easier and she worked fast and well. Soon, the main hall was once again glistening with cleanliness, ready to impress the newcomers. The afternoon passed quickly and it was time to get back to the refectory for the lunch. She was almost glad. She was now feeling that she had discovered all the rules and was determined never to break another one. This would soon lead her back to her former status as a B member. 

 

At lunch an announcement was made over the speakers: "The council of the highest members had a session today. They have decided that some rules have to be changed for the better operation of the Society. The new rules will start today, just after the lunch break." 

 

Every person in the dining room swallowed. They knew that the only way to learn those new rules would be by trial and error, and that every error would have severe consequences. Aurelia felt a ball swelling in her throat. Everything had to be learned again. She was so close... 

 

After the short lunch break, she discovered on the job board that her afternoon chore would be laundry. She would have to go to each room to collect a bag of the dirty clothes. For this task, she was given a special key card, giving her access to all rooms. 

 

Aurelia was happy. Once again she was entrusted with a higher level task. She would be visiting the B and A rooms. She would get glances of the life that she had had so little time to benefit from during her short passage as a Bee. And maybe she could make friends with more B and A members... 

 

With her key-card in hand and pushing a cart to collect the bag, she started to walk towards the upper-level rooms. While she was headed towards the room area, she was stopped by an A member. He asked her to go to a small cabinet at the entrance and fetch the hole-punching device as he was about to punish a B member for breaking one of the new rules. 

 

"Yes Sir. Immediately Sir!" she answered hastily, keeping her eyes glued at her bare toes. Leaving her cart in a place where it would not hinder passage, she hurried towards the cabinet. She had not yet reached it, when another B member asked for help to reach her bedroom, she was shackled in a sitting position just like Aurelia had a few days ago. 

 

Aurelia was taken aback between two conflicting orders. For a few seconds she remained silent, staring at her ankle shackles and then she decided that the A mission had priority. "Yes Madame. I shall be back shortly. I have to run an errand for an A member. Once I've done it, I shall come back to you as fast as I can to help you. Please be patient, Madame" she answered. 

 

On these words, she hurried even faster to the cabinet, her heart pounding. With the new rules in force, every step she took might be leading her into a fateful trap. 

 

The B member did not complain, and waited patiently for her return. Aurelia meanwhile reached the cabinet and found the device without any problem. She took it out and hurried back to where the A member was waiting for her. She was walking very fast, almost running. 

 

"Here it is, Sir!" she said as she was holding the tool for him to take. To be on the safe side, she had knelt down on the floor and was keeping her eyes fixed on a point between her knees on the floor. She was holding the punching device high over her head, towards the A male. 

 

The device was removed from her hand, and used on the B member. 

 

"Hmm... you didn't ask if I needed anything else" the A member added, as he turned again towards Aurelia. With that, he also punched a hole in Aurelia's tag and removed her stud. Aurelia was scared by this. It had been so hard to earn that stud! And now, with five holes in her tag, she was halfway down to the D's stinking cages. 

 

In the position she was in, with her head bowed down, a short chain was connected from her collar to the shackle of her left ankle. She would have to either bow her head down, or raise her left leg and hop along on one foot. 

 

"I am sorry, Sir. Thank you for this chain Sir. Do you need anything else, Sir?" 

 

"No" he said, and she was just ignored, his attention returning to the B member. 

 

Feeling depressed, she stood back up, holding her left leg with both hands and hopped towards the place she had left the Bee who needed her help. Every hop was making her leg iron bounce painfully on her already sore ankles. She was grimacing. 

 

She finally arrived back to where the Bee was still sitting on the floor. "Here I am, Madame" Aurelia sobbed. "Please lead me to your room and I will help you enter it." 

 

They both progressed slowly, an amusing parade of a restrained girl leading another. Finally the B member exclaimed "It’s here, that door on the left.&nbsp; The key-card is in my pocket". 

 

"I am collecting the laundry bags and I have a collective key card, Madame," Aurelia answered. Leaning against the door, holding her left leg with her left hand, she slipped her card into the slot. There was a click and she was able to open the door. "Here you are, Madame. Do you need something else?" 

 

"Indeed, please help me get rid of my clothes so that I can go to the bathroom, and take a bath" 

 

"Your wishes are my commands, Madame" Aurelia answered. She hopped into the room and helped the Bee sit on her bed. "By the way, my name is Aurelia, Madame." 

 

With her breasts chained to her knees, the poor girl could not do much. Her boobs were protruding out of her shirt, circled by the metal. Aurelia carefully removed the girl's blouse and undid her bra. Then she unzipped her skirt and unlaced her shoes. Her panties were stuck above the chains though, so Aurelia decided to tear them off. 

 

She then crawled to the bathroom and filled the tub with soapy water. It smelled so good. It looked so delicate... But Aurelia was deprived of such delicacies. She went back to the bed and helped the girl to enter the tub. 

 

"Here you are, Madame. Do you need more help?" Aurelia asked. 

 

"Get me a robe, I think that is what I will use until these awful things are removed". 

 

"Certainly, Madame" Aurelia said, always keeping her eyes lowered. She went to the closet and brought back a robe, which she placed beside the tub in a place the Bee could reach easily once she got out of her bath. 

 

"Madame, I must go and collect the dirty clothes in the other room. Do you need more help?" 

 

"No, you may go now" 

 

"Thank you Madame" Aurelia answered, while doing a curtsy. Aurelia resumed her job without further interruptions, she was a little late and the chain was making it difficult to move, she had to hurry up. She found that by kneeling her chained leg on the cart, she could push it forward with her other leg. This means of locomotion was much faster than walking in some of the mansion's long halls. It was quite comfortable too. 

 

As she reached each door, she stopped, knocked on it and, if she did not receive any answer, used her key-card to enter. In the room, she collected the dirty clothes and put them in the bag on her cart. Thanks to the ingenuousness of her improvised vehicle, she was able to make up the time she had lost at the beginning of the afternoon. 

 

At one point, when she was invited to enter an A suite by its occupant, she found a male A member lying on his king-sized, richly decorated bed, watching one of the special channels on the TV. He was wearing only a slip and socks. 

 

"My respects, Sir" she greeted him. "Do you have any dirty clothes for the laundry?" she asked. 

 

"Yes, this slip and these socks" he answered, pointing to those he was wearing. "You can take them away." 

 

Aurelia hopped toward him but, as she reached to pull his socks off his feet, he snapped: "Don't use your hands. Use only your mouth". 

 

Aurelia's jaw dropped but she did not say anything beyond "As you wish, Sir." 

 

She knelt on the bed by his side, bent over his feet and delicately seized the tip of his socks with her teeth. She pulled each sock off its foot in that manner. Pulling off his slip proved more difficult and she had to shove her face into his hairy crotch. However, he helped her by lifting his butt off the bed. She collected all the dirty clothes and, once he had assured her he did not need any more help, she continued her routine. 

 

As the hours passed, she was becoming more and more proficient with her cart. By now it was carrying a mountain of dirty underwear and clothes. The afternoon was not completely finished when she visited the last room. She had managed to finish her task in record time. Surely she would earn a stud for so much efficiency! And she might even get some rest time to shower herself more thoroughly than during the morning rush. Eager to get to the laundry and earn her new stud, she zoomed through the halls. Suddenly, a female A member dashed out of her suite right in front of her cart. Her eyes wide with horror, Aurelia tried to stop the cart by pressing her right foot into the floor. But it was too late. She was only able to change the trajectory of the cart. It bounced into the barrier, lost its balance and turned over. The bag of dirty clothes fell over on the barrier, opened itself, and emptied all of its contents over the side, right into the main hall. A shower of panties, bras, socks and other dirty garments snowed on those down below, who had already been alerted by the thunderous crash the cart had produced during its fall. 

 

Scared to death, Aurelia hurried in front of her cart. The A female had leaped backwards to avoid the runaway cart, had tripped and fallen on her butt, but seemed not to be otherwise hurt. Aurelia helped her stand up. "I'm so sorry Madame. I did not expecte you to come out of that room so quickly. I hope that you are not hurt Madame. What can I do to please you, Madame?" she told her in a trembling, clenched voice. She was shaking like a leaf in the wind. 

 

"You can go fetch the hole punching machine for starters, and a chain, then you will go and fix that mess". 

 

When Aurelia returned, a sixth hole was punched in her tag. "This one is for not performing your job correctly". And then another was punched next to it - the seventh hole so far. "And this one is for disturbing other members while performing your tasks". 

 

"Now, we don't want that kind of accident to happen again, so we must make sure to slow you down." A short chain was added to join her ankles together. Combined with the one connecting her left ankle to her neck, it forced her to be bent over with her legs curled all the time. 

 

Then a pair of clamps was attached to her nipples. From them, a pair of thin chains was passed through her crotch and was connected to her hands, which were forced behind her back. Her left nipple was thus linked to her right wrist and vice versa. 

 

"Now I want you to pick up all those dirty clothes with your mouth, put them back in the cart and be gone quickly before some other member decides to punish you further". 

 

Aurelia was sobbing on the floor. Her chains were holding her in a loose ball with her arms stretched down her back. Each move caused her to yank on her clamped nipples, adding more pain to her plight. She had all the difficulties of the World to sit up on her buttocks. she would have to use her chained feet to crawl on her butt, very slowly. She was pushing the now empty cart before her and inched forward towards the elevator. Unable to reach the buttons, she waited until someone else entered the lift. Then she accompanied him down to the main hall. 

 

There were clothes and underwear spread over a large area. She began picking them up and bringing them to her cart. It was a slow, painful process. She tried to grab as much as she could with her mouth before crawling back to the cart. The smell emanating from some of the socks and panties was disgusting. But she was forced to taste and smell them up close. It took Aurelia hours to collect them all and put them on her cart again. She was moving so slowly. Her nipples were throbbing and it seemed to her as if they had doubled in length. 

 

Finally - exhausted, sweaty, and stinking like an old sock and a rancid slip - she crawled back into the C quarters. Dinner was long gone and she knew that she would have to wait until the morning to get something to eat. Following a command to leave the cart in the laundry, she went to the dormitory. 

 

The clock had almost reached 10.00 pm, and again the lower beds had already been taken. Being one of the lowest ranks there, she could not ask anyone to move. Finally it was the overseer who decided to grab her by her chains, put her in an upper bunk and chained her to it. 

 

She spent a very bad night. It was difficult to find a comfortable position, chained in the way she was. She kept on yanking on her sore nipples. She was drenched with sweat and her mouth tasted like a sewer. After many long hours of writhing, she fell into a nightmare-filled sleep.&nbsp; 

 

Day 6 - Change of rules 

 

The next day arrived, but no alarm sounded, finally she was woken by one of the high-ranking members tugging on her chains. Aurelia was the only one still in bed. The clock was showing 5:50 

 

"The lowest in rank in each room is responsible to make sure everyone in the room wakes up!&nbsp; Did you want to let all of your room mates be late to their jobs?" an overseer demanded of her. 

 

"I'm sorry, Sir. I did not know Sir. I'll be careful next time, Sir" she answered hastily. 

 

He punched another hole on her tag and went to a cabinet to fetch another punishment device. This time it consisted in a pair of breast rings, like the ones that she had used some days ago, but their chains ended in metal balls weighing about 1 kg each. Aurelia's eyes bulged from the pain of her proud breasts enduring the weights. The heavy balls stretched her breasts downwards if she tried to sit upright. She moaned as her her breasts was tightly strangled at their base, forcing her big melons to swell tautly above the shackles. With her ankles chained together, and her left one connected to her collar, with her hands chained to her clamped nipples, she would have to drag those two balls for the whole day. She even wondered how she was going to get down the bed. 

 

She saw that the others where already returning to the room and saying something to the overseer before leaving again. 

 

Aurelia hurried off the bed, only to be painfully reminded that the chain was still attached from her right ankle to the bed post, the overseer merely watched her hanging in that awkward position, while he continued giving instructions to the other members. The poor Aurelia gasped. She was in a state of deep agony as her body was kept in a taut ball of pain by her cruel binding. 

 

"Please, Sir, could you unchain me from the bed so that I can do my chores?" she asked pitifully. 

 

He released the lock on the bed post, letting her fall to the floor with a loud sound that made everybody in the room turn their heads to look at the plight of the poor girl. 

 

Restrained as she was, she had no chance of having a shower. Her mouth still had the taste of the hundreds of dirty socks and slips she had carried the last day. As she crawled painfully towards the chore board, her breasts were already swelling and throbbing. She was now dragging the two balls behind her, causing her even more pain. 

 

Through her own pained movements, she noticed that a lot of her mates were sporting cruel restraints. There were also a lot of new C members, and some of her former mates were nowhere to be seen. An obvious effect of the new rules, she thought. 

 

Aurelia’s first surprise was that there was no longer any job board. Remembering what she had seen in the dormitory, she painfully crawled back there. Her breasts seemed on the verge of exploding and her nipples felt and looked as though they had doubled in length. Sweating and moaning, she arrived at the feet of the overseer and pitifully asked: "Hello Sir. May I ask you what will be my task today? There was no job board to read it from." 

 

"Your task for today will be cleaning the dishes, you dirty slut. By the way, do you think we should all have to deal with your smell? Taking a shower is mandatory! Since you failed to do that then you must be punished." 

 

He punched another hole in her collar - the ninth one. Restrained as she was, she would find it very difficult to do her chores. Another device would make the task almost impossible. The man went to a cabinet, and returned with what looked like a leather sack. Aurelia was forced inside it and the sack was closed around her neck. It had only four small orifices that could be used to stick the hands and legs of the person through, but with her legs chained and her hands forced behind her back, those holes did not help her at all. The only good news was that she would not have to drag the heavy balls. 

 

The leg holes were located at the base of the sack and Aurelia managed to pass her chained feet through them. It allowed her to crawl on them very slowly. She began to head for the kitchen where her job was awaiting her. The heat increased rapidly inside the leather envelope, trapping her sweat inside. Aurelia was bathing in her perspiration when she finally reached the kitchen. The washing team had already begun. In her sad state, Aurelia was not very helpful. They decided to stick a strong brush in her mouth so that she could scrub the pots. She eagerly clenched the handle in her teeth and began working as well as her painful predicament allowed her. 

 

She worked hard with her mouth, eager to get a good point in that job. Her mouth was becoming cramped from clenching the handle so tightly, her neck was tired and she was bathing in sweat. But after hours of hard work, the end of the morning round arrived. She crawled back to the refectory. She was as hungry as hell. However, she could not find any way to get on a chair, so her meal had to be served onto a plate placed directly on the floor. This was not the greatest of her worries, as the overseer of her dormitory came over to her. 

 

"Why didn't you come back to report to me, instead going directly to eat? You lazy gluttonous bitch!" 

 

Aurelia gulped with difficulty. "I am sorry Sir. I was not aware of that. Please, have pity!" she pleaded, tears filling her eyes. 

 

"Oh dear, it seems like this is the last mistake you are allowed at this level, but I'm sure you will enjoy being in the company of the D class – after all, you already smell like one!" 

 

He punched the last hole in her tag, and removed the collar from her neck, replacing it with another one with 5 new squares.&nbsp; This collar had tiny spikes along the inside of the rim, making it very uncomfortable to wear. It was also much thicker and therefore much heavier than the C model. He also briefly opened the leather bag in which Aurelia was packed and placed the characteristic heavy shackles worn by Dees on her ankles and wrists, before closing the bag again. The stench that erupted from the bag as it was opened made everybody in the room pinch her or his nose in disgust. Indeed, Aurelia offered a horrible sight with her skin slick with sweat, greasy filth and even her own urine. As the overseer closed the bag, he found a new function for the unused arm holes. He threaded Aurelia's shackled breasts through them by pulling on the heavy balls linked to their bases. They had grown to the size of melons and were as taut as those fruits, so he had to squeeze them slowly through the holes. The huge, purple, clamped balls of throbbing flesh were now protruding out of the thick leather bag, with the iron balls dangling from their strangled bases. 

 

"And no food for you for now!" he added. 

 

A heavy mask, similar to the one she had used earlier, was applied to her face. This one didn't have the eye covers, but had an extremely tiny hole for the mouth.&nbsp; Eating would be impossible, and drinking water could only be done with a straw, or by sticking the tip of her tongue out as well as she could. 

 

She was then led out of the room under the eager eyes of some of her former mates, who decided that it was a good time to throw some of their food at her. Packed as she was in the bag and the iron hood, she barely felt it, but the humiliation pierced her deeply into her heart. Most of the food was aimed at her breasts.









﻿Level D 



She already knew the way to the D quarters as she had been there before. But this time, she knew it would be a no-return trip. Or at least, it would take a long time before being allowed to come out of the sinister room that awaited her. This was also a very long trip as she was led by a leash, shuffling her tightly chained feet through the lower bag holes. With each step, the iron weights swung at the end of their short chain, yanking cruelly on her sore breasts and eliciting pitiful moans from her mouth. The mask was soon too sticky with her sweat as her face was over-heating inside it. After having passed the series of leather curtains she was finally entered into the D block with its rows of superposed cages. 



Being new to the level, she had neither holes nor studs in her tag, so that meant she would be in one of the middle cages. She was locked in a cage with&nbsp; a male member above her, a female was being held in the lower one. The man above her immediately decided to give her a warm welcome, with warm liquid that is. The smelly urine trickled over her iron hood and her sack, some of it passing through seams and adding to her plight. She sighed in despair. 



Balled as she was in the sack, her cage looked rather spacious. Of course, once she would be freed from her restraints, she would not find it so large. Her left and right neighbours kept shifting position as their cramped limbs could not stretch in the small space. She did not dare to speak to them but she looked intently at them. She was the only one clothed at the moment, if you could call that stinking sack a cloth. The girl locked in the cage below hers was in a very poor condition. The four holes in her tag indicated that she had been much abused. She was emaciated and filthy beyond imagination. As all other Dees, her wrists and ankles were connected by a heavy chain. She seemed very weak. Aurelia wondered how long she had been caged here but she did not dare to ask her. She also realised that she did not know much about what were the life and tasks of the Dees. She would soon find about it for sure. 



After Aurelia had marinated in her own juices for a few hours, the man who was in charge of the operation of the D-level area opened her cage. He was a five-stud C member and was doing this unpleasant job in the hope to earn his promotion to the B level. He removed the weights from her breasts, then opened the sack, removed her chains and the mask, even though some of those devices had only be used for a short time. He then linked her wrists, and her ankles, with the regulation heavy one-foot chains. Aurelia was now a full-fledged Dee. The cage was closed again. 



"Thank you for freeing me" Aurelia said to the man, in a low voice. And she was really grateful as she was getting crazy from staying in that sack. "Is there anything I can do for you?" she asked, remembering the lessons learned at the C level. 



The man just ignored her and continued with his tasks, throwing the disgusting sack in one corner. Later, a C member tasked with the laundry came to pick that up. His face was disgusted at the sight of the stinking D members. He went away as fast as his shackled feet allowed. 



From her time in the sack Aurelia had gathered a heavy stench. Her body was greasy and sticky with her own sweat and urine, along with what the sack had collected from its previous occupants. It had obviously never been washed since its making. She tried to wash herself but as she only had her filthy hands to do that, there was little she could do. She tried to rub herself but to no avail. When she wanted to lick her hands clean, the foul taste almost made her retch and she renounced. 



Although Aurelia's restraints were now much looser than earlier, she still had little freedom. The cage did not let her much room to stretch herself and move around. Moreover, whenever she switched position - which she had to do regularly because of the ache caused by the floor bars to her butt and legs - her chains clanked loudly. 



The long wait began. The heat and the stench in the D block made it very uncomfortable. The prisoner above her urinated twice one her and she too had to release her bladder on the girl caged below her. The poor girl was in a worse condition than herself: her hands had been chained behind her back, preventing her to use them for anything. 



The clanking of chains and the moans of the prisoners produced a continuous, loud background noise. The room was dimly lit and Aurelia's cage was in a row far from the gaoler's office. She decided there was little chance to be heard or seen and it was worth trying to gather some information from her mates. The girl below here being inferior to herself, there were good chances she would have to obey her. She knelt down and brought her face close to the floor grid that separated her from her neighbour. 



"Psssst!" she whispered, attracting her attention. "My name is Aurelia. What's your name?" 



"Cathy" she answered with a thread of voice 



"How long have you been here? What kind of tasks do we have to perform?" she asked. 



"Two weeks, our task is to please the other members, give our body to them , to use as they wish , please, don't ask me more things" she answered. She seemed very afraid, at the edge of the abyss, and one small mistake could bring her down. 

First service as a Dee 

Once in a while the gaoler came by and opened a cage to let a D member out. He then spoke to him and they went away by a door at the back of the room. Eventually he returned to Aurelia's cage 



"Seems somebody has already booked you. When someone turn into a D member, a notification is sent to all the TV sets of the other members, with photos and videos of the person in question". 



He opened the door to Aurelia's cage. Aurelia extirpated herself from the cage, her cramped limbs aching with cramps. 



"Hi Sir. Thanks for letting me go out for some time. It will be a pleasure for me to perform" Aurelia answered. She was hoping that, by providing good services, she might earn a stud. 



The gaoler led her to the door leading out of the D block. A hall opened, with a security door at the end and a doorway leading to a bathroom. Oddly, this one looked better equipped than the one for the C members with man and woman perfumes, nail clippers, razors, nail paint, lipstick, etc. The only luxury that was not available was hot water. 



Aurelia's eyes sparkled at this sight. For the first time in days she would be able to wash herself. 



"Thank you, Sir! I'll do my best. You'll be proud of me, Sir" she told the gaoler. 



She then entered the shower and washed herself thoroughly, in spite of the cold water. Removing all the filth was difficult, in particular in her hair matted with foul substances. But with hard scrubbing and a lot of soap and shampoo, she eventually managed to get clean. Then she continued with the make-up, the manicure and pedicure and perfume. She combed her auburn locks carefully so as to restore her shiny reddish mane. One hour later, she looked at her reflection in the mirror with a smile. There was still some traces of exhaustion, lack of food and sleep, but they had been efficiently hidden with all the making-up art she possessed. 



She turned to the gaoler, smiling widely, her former beauty quite restored. "I am ready, Sir. Do you want something m" 



The gaoler led her to the security door at the end of the hall. There, she had her tag scanned and the guard there, a C member, inspected her. Aurelia knelt in front of the guard, spreading her knees wide and thrusting her chest forward for the inspection. All the time she kept her eyes on the floor. 



"Where are you going?" 



"Uuuuh... I don't know. I thought you would have known?" Aurelia answered hesitantly.&nbsp;&nbsp; 



"Do you think this is my work getting this information? did you even ask the gaoler where would you be of service?" 



"I am sorry, Sir. I was supposing he would be leading me there..." 



"And what is this? Members of your class must keep their pubic area clean, now listen: this is what you will do." He handed her a pair of tweezers. "You are going to remove all that hair using these. If it is not completely bald when you return, it will be an extra hole in your tag!" 



Aurelia's eyes widened at these words and at the sight of the plucker. It was going to be a terrible task. 



"And you better hurry up! And don't leave your client waiting more than needed. He or she wont be pleased if that happens. And next time don't forget to get the information about the room you are headed so I can give you your door card." With that, he pulled her tag, and punched two holes on it. "One for not being in the acceptable way regarding body hair. One for not giving me the adequate info on time. For the time being you will go free, but as soon as you come back from your mission, you will get your punishing device. You then will be marked as 'out of private service' for the next 24h." 



With her heart beating fast, Aurelia hurried back to the bathroom, her hand clasped on the tiny plucker. She arrived there, sat on the toilet bowl, spread her thighs wide and immediately set to the work of plucking out all hair from her crotch. This was a slow and very painful task. Each hair had to be uprooted, causing a sharp pain. And the predicament was getting worse as her skin got sensitized. 



Eventually though she was finished. She soothed her burning crotch with a special cream and left the bathroom. She then went back to the gaoler's office, knelt behind its door and knocked on it, looking at her knees. 



"Sir, I forgot to ask you which room had ordered me, and what service I was expected to provide" she asked. 



"Room 317, and be quick! don't leave him waiting much more time." 



She then hurried back to the guard at the security door and provided him with the information required, always making sure to be very polite and humble. 



She finally arrived at the room. She knocked on the door and being invited to enter, she pushed the door open. Inside was a man, lying in bed, totally naked. He was watching the TV, more specifically, one of those horrible torture sessions. 



She immediately dropped on her knees, head lowered, and said "Hello Sir. I am Aurelia, at your service. Pray tell me what would please you." 



"OK, put that mouth of yours to good use" he said. 



"With pleasure, Sir" she answered immediately. 



Not daring to stand up, she crawled on all fours towards the bed, wiggling her well-toned, smooth and muscular butt as she did. The movement of her bottom was interesting enough to make him divert his eyes from the screen. She knelt at the foot of the bed and began licking the man's feet, nibbling on his toes before slowly sliding her tongue up his lower legs. She could hear the screams of the girl tortured on TV and from the corner of her eyes she could get glimpse of the terrible show. But she kept licking along his leg until she got close to his crotch. The man was perfumed and clean but still there was a musky smell around his genitals. She tried to find clues about what he wanted more precisely. 



"Why do you hesitate? if you don't want to suck my cock, I might as well ask for another girl right now!" 



Aurelia immediately pressed her face against the man's cock, which was half erect. She began to give it short, teasing licks all along it's length, until it got a firmer state. As its head was beginning to appear, she engulfed it with her lips and began to play with her tongue. The cock reacted immediately by swelling and lengthening, getting harder and thicker every second. Aurelia continued her tongue game a little more, until the cock was fully erect, standing upright. Then she began to swallow it deeper, pressing her lips around the flesh pole, sucking on it, feeling the salty taste of precum. She pulled out and gave a few kisses on the head and swallowed it once more. As she felt it react between her lips, she quickly pulled out and let her lips slide down the penis' underside until she met the hairy testicles. Then she began to nibble them very gently before climbing again up the musky pillar. She engulfed again the cock's head, rotating her mouth around it, sucking and licking it while looking up at the man's face to see how he was enjoying her attention. 



He never averted his eyes from the screen, only seemed to show some annoyance if she did a very fast movement, or blocked his vision of the screen. He seemed happy with the overall performance. 



Aurelia decided to change her strategy as her attentions had not so much the effect she had expected. Taking a deep breath, she dived on the cock, swallowing more of it, whirling her tongue around the dick, pushing its head deeper into her mouth until she felt it resting at the back of her mouth. The mast of flesh was filling her mouth and stretching her lips. She sucked harder on it, as if she could pull the semen out if his balls. As she performed, she tried to detect any sign from the man's part. 



When she at first took all his manhood inside he left out a grunt of pleasure, but started to turn into one of annoyance when she started being to suck very hard. She immediately stopped sucking and just kept her mouth quiet around the warm, sweaty cock. She pressed her face a little more into the man's pubic hair, fighting her urge to gag and retch. She tilted her head a little to get more room to breathe and managed to get a more comfortable position for herself. She was kneeling on the bed, her breasts pressed into her thighs and her head pressed against his groin. Of his cock there was nothing to see as it was entirely inside her warm and wet mouth. She stayed like that, immobile, gently pressing her lips and mouth around the penis, her right hand cocooning his testicles. She did not make a sound, hardly moved at all, just changing slightly the pressure on the cock from time to time. 



The man seemed to be enjoying himself a lot. Eventually the video ended and he put another one. This went on for a while. Aurelia was horrified by what she could get a glimpse of on the screen and by the sounds she heard. But she kept still, warming and wetting the beast sleeping in her mouth. The minutes passed, and when that other video was about to end he spoke to her. 



"Now you can finish". 



Aurelia started again to suck on the cock, to press her lips a little harder and to move her head back and forth along the now rock-hard member. It did not need her more than a few strokes before she felt the man tensing and his cock beginning to throb against her tongue. She increased her pace, making sucking noises and strange sounds as she pumped hard on the large cock. Suddenly, she heard him grunting loudly and she felt a hot, salty liquid invading her mouth. She gagged on it as it filled her mouth. Tiny droplets poured out of the corners of her mouth, but most of it was pressured down her gullet or up her nose. She waited for the spasms to stop, receiving all the sperm in her mouth, not daring either to spit it or to swallow it as she was not sure what the rule or his desire was. 



"Be sure to clean it all, don't want any drop on the bedsheets" he told her and she immediately gulped down the foul juice filling her mouth. 



"Well done, I might book your services another time, if you continue doing well you will surely be out of the D class soon, I hope that doesn't mean you stop visiting my room" 



"Thank you Sir. I'm glad I was able to please you. Of course, I would always be happy to serve you more, whatever level I am member of. Is there anything else I may do for you or do you prefer to be left alone now?" she answered. She was hoping he would keep her by himself as she feared what was awaiting her in the D block. 



"No, I must get ready for dinner, you may leave" 



"Thank you, Sir. It was my pleasure, Sir" she answered humbly. Then she left the room and went back to the D block. For a short time she considered escaping. She was in the main hall, she just had to get out of the main door. But then what? She was naked with her ankles and wrists chained. She was wearing heavy shackles around her limbs and neck. Where would she go? How long could she hope to evade her pursuers? What terrible punishment would she meet if they caught her? She deemed it safer to remain at the D level. With her skills, it might be easy to earn the five studs needed to get back up the ladder. 



When returning to the D area, her tag was scanned and the gaoler came to the entrance to lead her to the cage. 



"I have finished my job, Sir. Could you please get me back in my cage?" she said humbly, looking down at her feet. After her short stay in the B quarters, the stench of the block struck her again as barely bearable. The greasy floor under her perfumed, bare soles seemed even filthier now that she was so clean and pampered. 



This time, the cage was not one of the middle ones, but one at the bottom. She had to flatten herself on the floor to crawl into it as it was half way down the floor. Just as her feet entered the cage it was locked and the gaoler was gone. She turned to face the "door" of the cage. Only the upper half was above ground. The ceiling was much lower than it had been in the second-floor cage. She could not sit straight and had to keep her head constantly lowered between her knees or lie on her side. Her cage was resting a couple of inches above the bottom of the bilge. This bilge was collecting all the dejections from the Dees and it was only flushed once per week. The smell was extreme and it was hard to breathe. All the nice smell and freshness of the recent bath lasted for a few minutes. 



Suddenly, the lights were turned off. As her fall from C to D had happened during meal time, she had not been able to eat anything at the C place, and she was now too late for the D meal. Her only food had been the sperm donated by the B member she had serviced. Her belly was growling in protest and she felt her stomach making knots inside her. Nothing could be seen in the darkness, but much could be heard and felt. Clanking of chains, grunts and moans of pain, snoring, urinating. Twice during the night she felt a filthy shower trickling over her prone body. She was soon as filthy as she had ever been. She wondered how long a human being could survive in so putrid an atmosphere. Sleeping was very difficult in so cramped a place, but exhaustion helped her to fall into Morpheus' arms. 

Day 7 - The cage in the column 

Another day came. Her cage was opened along with the cage of another girl who too was sporting two holes in her tag. That girl, seeming to know the routine better, went directly to clean herself. Aurelia followed her and copied all her moves. This was the safest way to behave, she thought. The cleaning was much cruder than the day before. Cold water, some soap and some tooth paste were all that was given to them. The tooth paste was very welcome though as Aurelia could still taste the cum of the previous day, which seemed to have invaded and stuck to the smallest crevices of her teeth and breath channels. 



Then the gaoler brought them to another door. There was a small wire frame cage on the floor, with four chains that went to the ceiling and got lost in the darkness above. The cage was opened and Aurelia was told to lie in it, face up. It was small; only her torso fitted inside. The man pushed her legs, almost making her lie in a fetal position, but wide spread. Her legs were fixed to the sides of the cage. She could feel the cold mesh pressing into her back as she laid there. Her chained wrists were further locked to the corners of the cage besides her head. Then the other girl was made to lie face down over Aurelia in an inverted position, her face against Aurelia's crotch, her legs bent and intermingled with the other girl's. Aurelia retched as the stench coming from the girl's pussy hit her nose. The crude washing provided little opportunity to wash one's genitals and the girl seemed to have the cum of twenty men rotting inside her since days. She had not been in that position more than a few minutes that some of this stale juice was already dripping on Aurelia's face. There was nothing she could do though as her head was trapped between the other girl's thighs and she could not move it aside or turn it away. 



Finally, as an added punishment Aurelia's nipples were clamped, and a chain went from one clamp, over the back of the other girl and to the other clamp, it was very tight, making her breasts 'embrace' her companion. Aurelia moaned in pain as the clamps first flattened her nipples and then stretched them along with her generous breasts around her "lover"'s torso. The cage was closed, and the chains pulled until the cage disappeared at the top into a small hole just made to fit. 



From the outside, in the main hall of the Society manor, there was a wide column, which sported a pair of small doors on either side. These doors were conveniently placed at crotch level. Opening either door would give the A and B members three orifices to chose from. 



The cage had just settled into its assigned position when the other girl started licking Aurelia's crotch. 



"Please do the same, we must be sure to keep it clean and wet, or we will both suffer". 



Aurelia startled at the light touch of her sex. Her partner was skilled and she could feel pleasure titillating her senses. However, the fishy, filthy, swollen labia hanging and dripping inches above her face did not appeal to her. 



"That's easy for you!" she whispered. "My pussy is clean and has not seen a cock since I'm here, while yours stinks like ten whores! You should have washed it better!" 



She answered by a soft but firm nibble, enough to cause pain at her labia. Aurelia gasped in pain and tried to pull her sex away. It was to no avail as her back was resting against the bottom of the cage. She had nowhere to go. But still, she could not decide herself to press her face in this stinking, rancid cum bottle hovering above her face. Another bite, this time stronger, made her arch her back, only succeeding in yanking the chain clamped on her throbbing nipples. 



She was not yet decided to comply with her partner when the door at the side of Aurelia's head was opened. Not much of the outside could be seen, just an erect penis and a bush of hair. It started pushing at the rim of the other girl's dry and unprepared vagina. After a few pushes, it was finally deep inside, his balls colliding with Aurelia's mouth. His cock and balls were totally filling her sight. As he thrust in the filthy hole above her, his sweaty balls bounced against her nose and lips. With her face trapped between the other Dee's thighs, Aurelia had little freedom to avoid the disgusting beating of her nose. 



It seemed to go on for a while. She suddenly felt some air on her rear, meaning the other door had been opened. This time the target was her anus. She moaned as she felt a warm pressure against her tight hole. She clenched her buttocks desperately but strong fingers gripped her cheeks firmly and spread them apart. Her partner in plight was ordered to lick her hole, and then she felt the pressure starting again. This time, it passed through her defences and she felt her rectum invaded. She moaned louder, her voice muffled by the forward man's testicles and crotch. 



Soon, as she was yelping with each thrust, the man on front of her came into her partner. He had just finished, and had withdrawn from the girls vagina, and then put his dripping member close to her mouth. Aurelia understood what was expected from her as the penis was dripping cum on her face. She docilely opened her mouth and engulfed the slackening member with her lips. A disgusting taste made of sperm mixed with stale woman juices flooded her mouth. Resisting the urge to puke, she licked and swallowed all the sticky liquor and passed her tongue dutifully around the head rim. All the time, her body was fiercely jerked by the man raping her rectum. Eventually, the man in front was satisfied and moved away. 



The door was closed, plunging Aurelia in the dark once again, only to be opened almost immediately. This time it was a woman wanting to use the girls. She pressed her crotch tightly against Aurelia's face. The poor girl had not even had the time to&nbsp; wash her mouth with her saliva. The woman's strong scent was already overwhelming her senses. The woman's genitalia were already swollen and dripping with desire. Her vagina was gaping and sperm was oozing from it. She had just made love with a man of superior ranking and he had not taken care at all of her pleasure. After a couple of minutes, he had come in her, leaving her deeply unsatisfied and frustrated. She was coming to the "pleasure column" to release her sexual tension. Aurelia made her best sucking on the woman's engorged clitoris, stimulating it with her tongue and nibbling on her puffed labia. The taste was awful but she was rewarded by moans of pleasure. She kept on working on the juicing sex until she felt the woman trembling and grunting and finally coming. As the well-trimmed sex went away, Aurelia's tongue was full of cramps from such hard work. 



For a moment, all was still. Both doors were closed and she was plunged in the dark once again. Then came a voice from inside the column. 



"What is your name?" asked her sex-cage mate. 



"My name is Aurelia" she answered in a whisper. 



"I'm Clare. Look Aurelia, I'm sorry, but I have to pee, I can't hold it in any longer, just close your mouth and eyes and turn your face, it will be over soon" 



"No! Don't!" protested Aurelia but to no avail. A warm, pungent stream of urine suddenly splashed on her face. She barely had the time to clench her lips and eyes. Her face was showered with the pee, her hair was soaked with it. A lot of urine made its way into her flaring nostrils, causing her to sneeze violently. After long seconds of half-drowning, the stream finally came to a stop, leaving the poor Aurelia's face drenched. Aurelia was upset but there was nothing she could do. She could not even avenge herself as she was below Clare and peeing would only soil herself some more. 



Both doors were opened and closed frequently, several men and women wanting to be serviced. After a while cum was starting to ooze from both girls' orifices. Once in a Clare while licked the one from Aurelia's ass and pussy. Aurelia was too disgusted to do the same. She was sick with all the cum she had been forced to swallow. Her mouth tasted like a sewer, her face was itching with half-dried, caked sperm, her muscles were clenched with cramps.&nbsp; 



After a few hours the forced position became unbearable, Clare started to try to move her muscles, which caused a tug at the clamps attached to Aurelia's nipples. Aurelia yelped in pain and protested: "Stop that, Clare! You are pulling on my clamped nipples! Please stop moving immediately!" 



"Sorry, just that my muscles are all cramped, I hope there's not much time to wait". 



Eventually around the&nbsp; afternoon, the cage was slowly lowered to the floor. The gaoler opened the cage, and freed Clare who started to stretch her muscles as much as she could, before being sent again to be cramped in her usual cage. Then he returned to free Aurelia. The poor girl's face and hair was a mess and he could not suppress a disgusted grin. 



"There were some customers dissatisfied with the service, claiming that the orifices on the north side were all covered in cum, which made them look rather disgusting. You had to make sure that it was all nice an clean, so the other members didn't open the door to find such a mess". 



A third hole was punched in her tag. 



"I'm going to teach you how to properly clean a crotch!" 

The stocks 

Aurelia was taken back to the D area, but instead of being placed inside a cage, she was taken to the entrance to the showers. Her head and arms were placed in some kind of stocks, which were fixed to a pair of wooden columns at waist height, making her bend over. Every Dee taken out of him/her cell, before going to take a shower, was going to be put in front of Aurelia so she could lick clean the genital area. When those members would be returned from service, they would also be passed in front of Aurelia before being caged again. 



Aurelia soon found that the stocks were much harder to bear than the cage, however tiny. The board her neck and wrists were trapped in was too high for her to comfortably kneel, but it was also too low for her to stand. Thus, she was constantly switching from a half crouching to a half standing position, from half choking to cruel pain in her neck and spine. As she moved constantly, her large breasts were bouncing under her chest. After at most 10 minutes, she was already aching horribly. 



Then came the first man who was led out of the room. He was a long-standing Dee and had not left his cage for at least two weeks. In the whole time he had not had the least opportunity to wash himself. He was stinking horribly and Aurelia almost fainted when he approached her. His cock immediately darted in erection when he saw her locked in the stocks. His member was even filthier, with blots of caked, fishy cum and dried urine sticking to it. No doubt he was inhabiting a cage from the lower rank as he was covered with dejections. He immediately shoved his prick against the poor girl's face. Aurelia had not other choice but to lick it all, washing the crust of filth with her saliva. The act was so disgusting, so foul that she puked the meagre content of her stomach as soon as he had left for the showers. 



A dozen of minutes later a girl arrived, heavily chained and ring-gagged. She was coming back from service and had evidently been inhumanly abused. All three orifices were dripping cum abundantly. Her sex and anus were still wide agape from so much abuse. The Gaoler led her to Aurelia and she pressed her crotch against the locked girl. Aurelia had to lick and tongue wash the stinking crotch until she had swallowed all the cum that had been poured inside her. Whenever she believed she had licked it clean, some more oozed out and soiled the shiny, saliva-wet perineum. When finally the abused girl was brought to her cage, Aurelia's face was covered with cum. 



The afternoon continued on the same line. At the end, Aurelia's face could hardly be recognized under its layer of filth and dried cum. Her mouth and nostrils were drooling with sperm and girl juices.&nbsp; 



Finally the night arrived, but Aurelia instead of being returned to her cage, was left there, no doubt to also clean in the same way the members going on the next morning duty. The night proved very long. In her position, Aurelia could not sleep more than a few consecutive minutes. There were a few pussies and cocks to lick as well. Alas, the morning did not bring any relief as she had to continue with her task. She felt so tired and so sore. Her mouth tasted like a filthy toilet bowl and her face was unrecognizable under its filth crust. Her hair too was a pity to look at as everybody seemed to use it as a towel. Finally by midday she was freed from the stocks and locked back into one of the lower cells. There were not many members at her level or below. 

Day 8 - The soccer game on TV 

She was there just in time for the meal. The first time she would be fed something that wasn't a body fluid. The Cee charged with feeding them came, pushing her cart. How delicious her situation seemed now, seen from inside the cage. The C level looked like a paradise compared to what she was enduring. From her position, half sunk below the floor level, all she could see were the wheels of the cart and the feet of the C member. She knelt by the feeding slot and put her hands forming a bowl under it. The dubious oatmeal was poured into them and she said "Thank you, my lady". She was so hungry that she wolfed down the foul meal in a couple of slurping. The oatmeal mixed with all the filth that was coating her mouth, but by now she was kind of used to it. 



After having licked clean her fingers, she immediately fell asleep. Her cage looked like a king-size bed compared to the stocks. Later in the afternoon, the gaoler came to open her cage. It seemed as if she was again called for duty. 



"There is a soccer match that some members want to see on a big screen in one of the living rooms, and want to receive pleasure at the same time". 



Aurelia blinked and rubbed her sperm-caked eyes, emerging from deep sleep with some difficulty. "I'll be happy to service them, Sir" she answered. "May I ask you which living room they are in?" she remembered to ask. 



Once he had answered her, she hurried to the bathroom where she dutifully scrubbed and washed herself. Then she carefully shaved herself with the available razors. She applied some make-up and perfumed herself. Hiding the black pockets under her tired eyes asked for some radical make-up measures but she did a reasonable job. There was nothing she could do for her weight though. She had lost a lot during the last days and her ribs and hip bones were poking through her skin. She hoped that her soccer service would allow her to earn a stud and get a better dinner. Happy with her looks, she headed for the inspection guard. 



After the inspection, the door was opened so she could reach the designated area. She walked through the hallways, her ankle chain rattling on the marble floors and reminding to everybody that she was the lowest creature on Earth. She found the living-room she looked for and knocked on the door. A man opened to her and shoved her inside. She almost tripped in her hobble chain. There were only men inside and many of them seemed already quite inebriated. On the table, some C members were serving exquisite canapes and there were several mugs of cold beer. Upon seeing Aurelia, one of the men in the couch unzipped his pants. 



Aurelia went to him and knelt at his feet, keeping her thighs apart and her eyes lowered. "How may I help you, Sir?" she said. 



"Quiet! just suck and don't say a word!" 



Aurelia immediately complied, taking the half-erected cock in her mouth. She deftly sucked him to a more victorious size and kept pumping until he was on the verge of coming. One play made him stand up suddenly, this caused some cum to fly all over the place and land on the carpet and table. 



"Sorry..." she whispered after having licked his cock clean. Then she hastily licked the drops of cum on the carpet on on the table. 



Then they all screamed "goaaal!" and to celebrate, one penetrated Aurelia from behind while the other used her mouth. Aurelia grunted as she was penetrated from both ends, trying to breathe in between thrusts. Her generous breasts were swinging under her chest. The men were stinking sweat and beer but she tried not to show any discomfort. By chance, the two men were too anxious to miss the game and they soon came and filled her holes with their jism. The front man was so hasty that he pulled out before being completely exhausted and some of his sperm landed on her Aurelia's face and hair. They settled down again to watch the rest of the match. 



At the half time, they broke the boredom by using each of her orifices several time until the game resumed. Again she was roughly handled and received the load of all of them in all her orifices. Some of the men, who did not want to wait for their turn into one of her holes, jerked over her and thrust their juice onto her face, back and butt. This was a very long time to Aurelia as she could hardly breathe among them. When the game started again she was totally exhausted and soiled. 



More trays of food and drinks were brought to replenish the empty ones on the table. Finally the game ended, with a victory for their team, they did a final celebration fuck and left the room. 



Alone, Aurelia got on her knees. She was covered with sweat and cum, she stunk like never before. She looked very miserable. For a few minutes she was unsure what to do, but as nobody came back, she decided it was better to go back to the D block. Rattling her chains, she went down and went to the gaoler's office. 



"Sir, I am back from service. Could you please take me back to my cage?" she told&nbsp; 



Without saying a word he opened one of the bottom cages and closed it after she had entered it. She crawled into the cage, her body slick with sperm. She sat down and, as the gaoler locked the cage, she said in a low voice: "Thank you, Sir." 



Once again she passed a miserable night, lying in her own filth and with that from her upper neighbours dripping on her. She was in her cage in time for the evening meal, but her stomach was so full of sperm that she puked everything as soon as she had swallowed it. This left her with a gurgling, hungry belly for the night. 

Day 9 - The dungeon 

Another day came. In the darkness of the warehouse, or what some jokingly called whorehouse, the only way to know the time of day was when the cages were opened to let their inhabitants go do their duty. The door of Aurelia's cage was opened. "Good morning, Sir. What will be my task today?" she asked politely, keeping her eyes on the floor. 



"This time you are going to dungeon 3" the gaoler answered. 



She was led to the simple shower room where she hastily washed the most conspicuous traces of filth. She was not left enough time to clean her insides and had to keep that foul taste in her mouth and the cum dripping from her anus and vagina. The guard at the exit gave Aurelia a special card that would open the doors needed to reach the dungeon area. 



Following his indications, she went down a series of stairs. The zone seemed like having a higher security than the rest of the building. It was also darker and more oppressive. There was an area that was illuminated by torches and candles instead of light bulbs. A sign on the wall claimed that the dungeon was that way. Moans and screams could be heard. A Higher member walked with firm steps down that hall and entered one of the rooms. 



Aurelia hastily went out of his way, kneeling with her back against a wall, looking at her knees, waiting until her had disappeared to move again. Her wrists and ankles were chaffed by the heavy shackles. She was beginning to look like a real Dee now.&nbsp; 



Finally Aurelia reached a room with a number 3 engraved above its door, screams of pain coming from inside it. She gulped with difficulty in anticipation with what was awaiting her inside. Then she knocked on the door and said: "Here is Aurelia for your service, Sir." And she knelt facing the door, awaiting an answer. 



The door opened to reveal a naked woman on a wooden rack, over her a man dressed as a Dominican monk pulling the levers. Aurelia's eyes widened at the sight of this horrible scene. The woman was obviously stretched beyond comfort and she was moaning softly. Nevertheless, she entered the room and knelt beside the rack, keeping her eyes on the floor. 



"You are in front of a high member of the Holy Inquisition. Call me 'your Excellency' or 'your highness', I won't repeat that." 



"Yes, Your Highness. I shall not forget it." 

&nbsp; 

"Tell me, what do you think of this wretch displayed on the rack?" he asked. 



"You Highness, I am of too low extraction to emit any judgement of this kind" she answered prudently. 



"You are right about being too low, but anyone should be able to recognize a witch!" 



"Certainly, your Highness. Indeed, she looks like one" she told, trembling at the idea of making a mistake. The poor racked girl was obviously in tremendous pain. 



"Do you now realize what a witch she is?" 



"Yes I do, Your Highness. She is certainly a witch." 



He pulled another crank on the rack, the poor woman yelling "Noooo I'm not a witch!" Her limbs were stretched so tight she could not make a move. She was sweating profusely. The man then sat on a high wooden chair, lifted his robes up to the waist and said "Come, show me how you serve a member of the church". 



"At your orders, You Excellency" Aurelia answered submissively as she hurried on all fours to the chair. There she knelt between his spread legs. He was not wearing any underwear under his robes. She brought her face close to the man's half-erect sex and asked "May I service You Highness's sex?" 



"Yes, do so" 



Aurelia took the man's cock with her lips and began licking and sucking it gently, until it took on a longer and stronger shape. She engulfed it in her mouth as far as she could and went back and fro on it, pressing gently with her lips and tongue, giving glances at the man's face from time to time to assess how she was doing. 



"What are you doing?! this is contra natura. You are trying to suck my soul there, I bet you too are a witch!" 



Aurelia almost coughed out the hard, glistening with saliva cock. She wiped her mouth with the back of her hand and said: "I'm sorry, Your Excellency. I misunderstood your intentions. But I assure you that I am not witch."&nbsp; 



"I will make sure you are sent to me when you reach the Z level to examine you better. You are now one notch closer". And with these words he punched a fourth hole in her tag; only one more away from the dreaded Z level. Aurelia felt her blood freezing in her veins as she heard the fateful click. She fought the tears that were coming to her eyes, while keeping her eyes lowered. 



"Now please me as the natural law intended". 



The poor Aurelia was at a loss. What was this man expecting? She did not want to fall into one of his cheap tricks. The high chair made it unpractical to offer him her sex he was probably waiting for something else. On the other hand, he had told her that he wanted his sex to be serviced. Her mind was running in circles as she tried to find a solution to this enigma without making another, final mistake. 



"Does You Highness want me to use my hands?" she tried. 



"No you fool! Just sit on my lap, didn't your whore of a mother teach you to fuck?" 



"I beg your pardon, Your Highness" Aurelia answered anxiously. "Of course I can do it!" 



She hastily stood up and getting on her tip toes, straddled the monk's thighs. In spite of his assertions, the man had obviously appreciated her previous attempts and his cock was proudly darting upwards and it was glistening with saliva. Aurelia's vagina was still coated with all the sperm she had been filled with during the last days and she had not difficulty sliding along the erect shaft. Slowly, she sat completely down on his crotch, feeling his flesh mast filling her vagina. The chain between her ankles was straddling his knees, keeping her feet 30 cm above the floor. She put her hands on the man's shoulders, the chain linking them making an arc between their chests. Bracing on his shoulders, she pushed her butt up, the tip of her nipples brushing against his chest and swinging in front of his face. She then slid back down his penis. She moved up and down slowly a few times, looking the excitation growing in his "client's" eyes, then she began to increase her speed, while rocking her hips back and forth and slightly rotating them. All the time she kept her nipples brushing against him, pushing her perspiring, deep cleavage against his face. 



It was not long before she felt the beast inside her reacting, throbbing, strengthening. The muscles in her arms were tiring as she could only count on them to move and she was sweating a lot. Suddenly he exploded inside her, filling her womb with long and hot burst of cum. She waited motionless as he emptied himself inside her. Then she delicately lifted herself out of him and knelt down by his side, her gaping sex dripping with his semen. 



"This has made me thirsty! Get me something to drink!" he ordered. 



Looking around, Aurelia noticed a bottle of wine and a tin goblet on a nearby table. She crawled on all fours to the table and poured some wine in the goblet. Then she went back, taking care not to spill any wine. She knelt down in front of the monk, between his knees and, keeping her head lowered, lifted her hands and presented the goblet to him. 



"Here is your wine, Your Highness." 



"Good, now I can continue my work. But first to handle your sinful acts." He went to a cabinet and returned with a pair of clamps, each attached to a short chain. The clamps where applied to her vaginal lips. He pulled the chains to the floor, forcing her to flex her knees a little, and each chain was tied around the corresponding toe. She couldn't raise herself any more because this would tug at her labia. Aurelia moaned as the clamps were crushing sex outer lips, forcing her to stand with her knees half-flexed. To relieve the pain, she immediately knelt down, slackening the pull. 



The girl on the rack moaned as he returned his attentions to her. Her limbs had got tenser and tenser as time passed, and the next turn of the rack made her scream. Some more turns and a loud pop sounded in her shoulders, she started screaming at the top of her lungs: "Yes, I'm a witch, please stop now!" 



"Good to see you are finally confessing your crimes. Of course being a witch, you must be punished." He punched a hole in the racked girl's tag. 



"My work here is done, I'm gone. You!" He pointed to Aurelia. "Take care of everything here". He left the dungeon. 



Aurelia had remained quiet during the torture, trying to shut off her ears, trembling as she heard the poor girl's suffering. She was horrified by the man's cruelty and by the appalling fate of the poor Z member. It looked as if she could be utterly destroyed. Her heart was clenching at the idea that she was only one hole away from that fateful level, and she also knew that once she would be there, there would be no hope of getting out. The pain in her clamped nether lips was by now throbbing, but she did not dare to touch them. 



The girl on the rack was breathing heavily. Each breath seemed to bring pain to her body and she shivered each time. Her shoulders were swollen and turning a little purple, also her breasts showed several bruises, the nails of her feet and hands were bloody. She had three holes in her tag, of a total of seven punching slots. The last slot had the drawing of a skull. Her tag also bore the date she entered the Z level, about one month ago. It did not have any name on it, just a number: Z348. Anyway. She still looked fit, and apart from a few bruises, unmarked. 



As the man left her alone with the Zed, she looked around, unsure about what to do. As she was standing up to consider, the weak, broken, trembling voice of the tortured girl pulled her out of her dark thoughts. 



"Please..." she moaned. "Let me go... or kill me, yes, kill me". 



Aurelia looked at her with pity. "I'm sorry, dear. I cannot kill. I'm sure I am not allowed to. I can probably release you though." 



She slackened the ropes that were stretching the elongated girl's limbs. Then, approaching the throbbing girl, she grabbed her right arm and pushed on it, until she felt the humerus entered back into its shoulder socket. The girl screamed out loud but was immediately relieved as her arm had been healed. Aurelia did the same operation on her left arm. 



Although the ropes were slack now, they were still attached to her ankles and wrists with thick leather cuffs. Her neck was locked in an incredibly thick and heavy iron collar. A rough thing that was grinding into her very flesh and bones. 



"I'm sure you came here restrained. Do you know where your restraints are so that I can lock them back on you?" Aurelia asked, looking around for something to bind her prisoner. 



"No..." she said. 



On the side of the rack, on the floor, was an iron triangle with a ring at the top vertex. A pair of shackles were set in the two other vertexes, and another pair of smaller shackles were mid-way along the sides going from the smaller shackles to the top ring. Each side of the triangle was about one-meter long. 



Aurelia looked at her suspiciously. "Are you sure? What is this for, then?" she asked, pointing at the triangular contraption. 



As the girl did not respond, Aurelia understood she had tried to lie to her. She was not sure what to do about it, but for now she decided she would just restrain her with the triangular frame. She lifted and found that it was rather heavy, maybe 10 Kg. Crawling while bound to it would be very difficult, just because of its weight. She shivered at the thought. But it was not the time to be empathic. This girl was a Zed. She was doomed. There was nothing Aurelia could do to help her. But she could still help herself and avoid to be demoted to the same fate if she behaved well. This was her utmost priority now. 



She put the triangular frame on the girl's chest, with the upper vertex near her collar. There was a tiny padlock in the ring there. It was open but without the key. She pulled it against a ring set into the girl's monstrous collar and locked it. The prisoner let out a sigh of despair. Then Aurelia grabbed the girl's right hand, forced it into the corresponding shackle, which, too, was auto-locking. She did the same with the left hand. Only then did she released the leather cuffs, which were buckled on her wrists. She also released the girl's feet but did not locked them to the triangle yet. 



She helped the girl off the rack. Then, she chained her collar to a ring set in the wall. Once sure that the Zed was correctly restrained and unable to escape, she began to clean the torture chamber. She began by washing the goblet and trashing the almost empty bottle of wine. They she passed a wet towel on the table, and then on the rack, which was still covered with the Zed's sweat. Once satisfied with the cleanliness of the place, she turned back to her prisoner. All the while she had to walk very carefully, keeping her legs flexed so as not to yank on her clamped nether lips. Added to the heavy chain linking her ankles, this gave her a very strange gait, with the thin chains bouncing against her inner legs. Whenever she happened to forget about them, she was painfully yanked down by her private parts. 



"Where are your quarters? I must get you back there. Lead me please. And don't forget you owe me respect" Aurelia said, trying to sound confident and domineering. 



"To the stairs" said the girl now resigned to her fate. 



Aurelia unleashed her from the wall. The girl was now standing, her feet free from any restraint but the heavy triangle hanging from her neck and wrists. The weight was forcing her to be humped forward, with the triangle bouncing against her groin. 



"Show me the way!" Aurelia ordered. "And don't try any trick or I'll tell your gaoler how you lied to me..." 



The girl began to walk. Aurelia opened the door of the dungeon and then followed her down the hallway. 



"Not so fast! Wait for me!" Aurelia protested as the chain linking her big toes to her outer labia was preventing her to walk fast. 



The girl slowed down, not wanting to anger Aurelia. At the end of the hallway was a spiral staircase, which they climbed down. This was a difficult task for Aurelia as she had to take care not to step on the chains dangling from her labia. They went down several storeys. At one point, the "witch" told "We are almost arrived." 



"Wait, then. I must finish to set you up" Aurelia said. "Squat on this step!". 



Aurelia locked the girl's ankles to the shackles at the lower corners of the triangle, finishing to restrain her. The "witch" was now squatting, curled around the heavy triangle. 



"Alright! You can continue now" Aurelia ordered. 



Crawling downstairs was now much more difficult for the poor girl. She had to progress step by step, carefully. But after two more turns of the spiral stairs they arrived to their end. There was a guard at a door at the end of the stairs. Upon seeing Aurelia, and the holes in her tag, he said, "come here, it will do you good to see what is awaiting you if you fail again". 

First glimpse at the Z quarters 

He led them in the Z quarters, the most sinister place Aurelia had ever seen. Screams and moans of agony were regularly echoing through the area. From the stench that reined here, it was clear this place was never cleaned at all. An ankle-deep layer of filth was covering the floor everywhere. A narrow path built from planks nailed to perpendicular logs allowed the A and B members to walk around the place without soiling their shoes. The lower-rank members had to walk in the filth. The area looked like a maze, with damp, filthy hallways in all directions. Walls and ceilings were crammed with rings, hooks or dangling chains, to which tortured bodies were sometimes hanging. 



There were pits on the floor, covered with gratings, and as she passed by, Aurelia could catch glimpses of flesh from the depths of some of them. Peering through the gratings, she wondered how many poor souls were packed in these pits. There also were metal boxes, much smaller than the one she had being locked in inside the column the other day. Some of these boxes were placed near the water heating system of the mansion. Aurelia wondered what they were for. Above each pit, spherical cages were hanging from the ceiling. Although they were only one-meter in diameter, some of them were holding one or two bodies in their cramped embrace. Along the walls were locked more Zeds in various states of breath-cutting tortures. It seemed that this place was entirely devoted to pain and degradation. 



After a short walk along a hallway, the girl under Aurelia's care was released from her triangle and placed against a wall, her collar chained to it. A long pole was shoved inside her vagina, pushing her back against the wall and preventing any movement. 



"Ok, you may return to your place now, unless you want to stay here..." the guard said. 



"Thank you, Sir" Aurelia answered, and, after a last pitiful glance at the "witch", she walked away as fast as she dared to with her foot thumbs chained to her labia, feeling the filth squeezed between her toes. 



On her way back to the D zone, she passed by another area of the Z complex. It was much different from the other one. It looked more like a hospital. Everything was clean. Through the windows, she could see several nurses and doctors taking care of a badly hurt man, checking his vital signs, cleaning his wounds. From the screams that could be heard, the only thing this place lacked was anesthetics. 



She hastily returned to her place. It did not look so bad to her any more. There, she was placed inside the cage in good time for the meal. She had not had the occasion to wash her hands since days and her hands were stinking and filthy. Still, there was no other way for her than to receive the oatmeal in her cupped hands as it was poured through the feeding slot at the top of her cage front wall. Disgusting as it was, the food was welcomed by her growling belly and she ate all that did not drip from her fingers. 



Once done, she settled back, resting against the back of her cage, taking care not to get entangled in the toe-to-labia chains. She ruminated about her miserable life and how it could get even worse if ever she was demoted to the dreadful Z level. There she was, hungry, filthy, cramped, the lowliest female in the next-to-lowest level, forced to stay in a narrow cage with the dejection of the two mates living above her. This was not at all what she had expected when signing in the Society. Nor was it what had been advertised to her. She let out a groan of anger and frustration. 



In spite of the lack of space, she managed to curl on the floor bars and drift into sleep. Her greasy hair was hanging between the bars under the cage, floating in the collector bilge. The metal rods were pressing against her skin and bones, but she was too tired to really notice it. 



She was brutally awoken from her restless sleep by a yank on the chains clamped to her labia and on her hair. She blinked her eyes open, yelping, to find herself pressed against the side bars. Her neighbour was a man who sported only two holes in his tag. He was holding her by her chains and hair and she did not dare to move. 



"What... What do you want?" Aurelia whispered, her heart beating fast. 



"I want some release. I attended two women, and was not allowed to cum. I want you to make me cum now! Put your pussy right here against the bars so I can fuck you!" he answered. "Fail to do so and I will tell the gaoler that you are being disrespectful. I'm sure that would mean another hole in your tag, one that you cannot risk." 



Aurelia sighed. She had no choice, in particular as he was pulling on her labia chain. She rolled on her back and folded her legs above her, pressing her butt against the bars. The man grabbed her hips and pulled her closer and higher before pushing his filthy prick into her sex. He sure was too full of desire, for one time was not enough and he ejaculated inside Aurelia several times. The other neighbour, also a man, had seen all the intercourse, and being also of a level above Aurelia, thought it was a good idea to pass time so he called her to the other side of the cage. As he did not want to feel the cum from the other man, which was dripping from Aurelia's sex, her ordered her to take him in her mouth. The taste was incredibly disgusting, but as he was holding her face against his crotch by her hair, she had no choice but to satisfy him. When both men had emptied their juice into her, she was allowed to curl and sleep, oozing cum from all her holes. 

Day 10 - Back to the cage in the column 

Later her cage was opened again, she would have no doubt to attend another client. "This time you will go back to the column" the gaoler said. 



She knew the way and the proceedings, and also what awaited her for the rest of the day. What made it different this time was that her cage mat would be a man instead of a woman. He was placed on the bottom of the cage, face up, and Aurelia was made to lie on top of him. Her firm breasts were pressed against his hairy, sweaty stomach and his sex was against her face. But at least, being on top, she was not crushed under his weight. Her toe-to-labia chains had to be detached for a short time as he was pushed in the cage. Then, her legs were folded under the cage, below the man's back and her knees chained to those of the man, which had too been folded over him. This left her feet dangling under the cage, but soon any slack was removed as her big toes were once again connected to her labia, ensuring that her feet would remain pressed against the man's shoulder blades. Minor adjustments were made to their positions and finally their cage was closed. Seconds later, the cage was lifted up into the darkness. 



This ordeal proved even more difficult than the first time she had been assigned to the column. Most A and B members were straight males and they preferred to abuse a woman than a man. Even the female members. The few men who enjoyed male sodomy still wanted the poor Aurelia to lubricate their dick beforehand and to wash it afterwards. 



Only some women made use of the man's cock after asking Aurelia to bring it to full erection. Then they turned around and placed it inside their vaginas. Using an up and down movement until they came, rubbing their asses onto Aurelia's face in the process. Others did not turn around, but instead asked the girl to lick their clitoris while riding the man's penis. 



Accordingly, most of the time the targets were her mouth, her sex and her own anus. She was frequently taken from both ends simultaneously. The man under her, was like a mattress, a sweating mattress who's task was to keep her crotch constantly clean and lubricated. But the man was not insensible either to what happened mere centimetres above his face. During the afternoon he remained fully excited most of the time, with his erect penis oozing pre-cum against Aurelia's already soiled face. In three occasions he was unable to prevent himself from spurting his semen on the poor girl's face. As there was no way for her to wipe or wash herself, her face and hair was soon in a very pitiful state. Her nether holes too were raw from constant abuse, and drooling sperm over the man's face. 



It seemed to Aurelia that the end of the afternoon would never come, and when it finally did, she was completely exhausted and in deep agony. Her sex and anus were on fire and her face was itching and stinking unbearably. She was not given any chance to wash though and was directly led back to her cage for the evening meal. 

Day 11 - Threesome and jealousy 

The next morning came, and with that more abuses for her body, for the cage was opened, meaning more work was on the way. 



"Thank you, Sir" Aurelia said while extirpating her aching body from the cramped, filthy cage. "What room asked for my services?" 



"This time it's room 435" the gaoler answered. He then removed the labia-to-toe chains, making Aurelia to yelp in pain as blood rushed back in her crushed flesh. 



Aurelia went to the high-end bathroom and washed herself from all the filth that had accumulated on her body during the last days. She took care of removing all unwanted hair, combed her hair carefully, perfumed herself and&nbsp; applied some make-up. She was skinnier than the last time but still was quite a sight. She smiled sadly. Maybe this time she would be able to earn a stud and work forward her rehabilitation in the Society? 



She passed the guard as usual and headed to the room 435 where she knocked on the door and entered upon been invited to. Upon opening the door, Aurelia saw a man and a woman on the bed. The woman glared at Aurelia. Jealousy could be read in her eyes. And jealous she could well be as Aurelia, in spite of all the predicaments she had been through lately, was strikingly more beautiful than her. This did not awed good about the morning, Aurelia thought. The man was an A and the woman a B however, and Aurelia hoped that the man would protect her against his partner.





"Good morning, Sir and my Lady. How may I service you?" Aurelia asked submissively, kneeling on the thick carpet, her knees widespread and her head lowered. 



"Come on the bed with us" the man said. 



They removed the bed cover, revealing their nakedness. The woman opened her legs wide, while the men stood up. 



Aurelia crawled to the bed and climbed on it. She knelt between the woman's legs, staring at her gaping, glistening sex. "Milady, may I lick your pussy?" she asked. 



As the woman nodded angrily, Aurelia bent over, closing her face from the wide-open crotch. The woman was smelling a sweet perfume, mixed with female musk and perspiration. Her pussy was neatly trimmed. It was gaping wide and a strong smell came out of it. A rivulet of sperm was oozing from it. Aurelia glanced at the woman's neck and noticed that her tag was already bearing four punches and two studs. 



Aurelia began by licking and kissing all around the woman's crotch, tasting salty perspiration against her tongue. Gradually, she spiralled toward her pussy and clitoris. She began to nibble her pleasure-swollen labia, pulling gently on them with her lips so as to spread them and show more of her blood-gorged clitoris and ready vagina. Then her tongue circled the little bead of pleasure flesh, getting it even harder. As the woman responded with excited moans, she began to lick and suck on it. 



The man watched Aurelia's ass mesmerized. He went on the bed to kneel behind Aurelia and started thrusting into her vagina. With time his thrusts became more violent. 



The sudden thrust pushed Aurelia forward and her face was crushed against the moaning woman's crotch. Shaken out of her mounting orgasm, she reacted angrily by yanking hard on Aurelia's splayed hair. The poor girl was taken by surprise by the sudden pain in her scalp. Involuntarily, she clenched her teeth, right on the turgid clitoris she was sucking on. The woman let out a horrible shriek and yanked Aurelia's face from her crotch, pulling on her hair. The poor Dee's face was glistening with the B woman's juices and she was horrified by what had just happened. 



"The bitch just bit me!" she screamed while putting her hands to her privates. The man also stopped, pulling out of her, his pleasure interrupted by the sudden yelling. They left Aurelia on the bed while the man went to the phone. Just less than two minutes after that, several men came to take her away to the Z area. Every hope of getting back to a better level in the society finally shattered. Aurelia was devastated. How had it all happened so fast? Now she was going to be led to the deepest misery she had ever imagined. 



 "I want to book her for this afternoon, to give her the welcome party to the Z level " the man told before they left.









﻿Level Z 

The metal box 

Aurelia was dragged to the security areas, and finally reached that smelly, dark, ugly place. Her collar and shackles were removed and replaced with others even worse, even heavier, which had tiny spikes along the inside to chafe her flesh continuously. Another set of shackles was tightened around her arms, just above her elbows. Her wrist shackles were locked together behind her back and then her forearms were forced together until her elbow touched, so they could be clipped together as well. As she would find out, members of the Z level were deprived the use of their arms most of the time. Before she had time to protest, a large ring was shoved between her teeth, spreading her jaws painfully wide apart. It was then locked in place with a thick leather strap buckled behind her neck. Most of the time, Z members were also deprived the right to speak. She was sobbing and trembling, unable to fully realize what was happening, that she was entering this place of hell never to leave it.&nbsp; 



"You are now Z-6534, Don't forget that number, it will be your new name". 



They placed her inside a small metal box. She had to kneel and then press her breasts against her thighs in order to fit in. One of the men had to push with all his weight to close the door. Once closed, it was placed near the water heating system. The heat inside the box soon increased to an incredible level. Tightly packed as she was, Aurelia could hardly breathe. She was sweating profusely and her body odour was overwhelming the atmosphere. With her head bowed and pressed between her knees, Aurelia could hardly see more than a few shadows delineating her thighs and crotch. She could not see whether there were respiration holes or not but she was sure that the air was recycling only very slowly. Her perspiration was dampening the air. Her lungs were fighting to get fresh air. Her gagged mouth was drooling profusely as she panted. Cramps were slowly propagating through her muscles. 





She did not have to suffer that for long, but that did not mean she was lucky, for she knew she would be in the hands of the couple she had just seen a few hours ago; only this time there would be other things in their mind than mere sexual pleasure. 

The clitoris torture 

Two men took Aurelia to one of the dungeons, and secured her to a T-shaped table. Her legs were spread at a 180-degree angle and fixed to the horizontal part of the T with straps at thighs, knees and ankles. Straps at the belly, over the breasts, neck and forehead were holding the rest of her body. Then her arms were fixed to her sides by the ugly manacles that now were her only permanent clothing. The strain on her crotch was unbearable. It seemed to the poor Aurelia that her thigh bones were going to pop out of their sockets. Her sex was gaping wide, her labia stretched thin. 



The man and woman entered the chamber, satisfied to see her thus displayed. The trembling, wincing, sweat-covered girl they had now at their mercy was much different from the pampered, sweet-smelling bimbo they had met in the morning. It was obvious that her present state was already bringing her more pain than she could deal with. 



"Since you hurt my clitoris, I think we will spend the rest of the day hurting yours" the woman said. 



The man simply sat on a chair to enjoy the show and let the girl work on Aurelia's body. The woman approached Aurelia with a pair of clamps, from which small weights were dangling. She applied the clamps to each side of her labia near the top of her mound and let the weights hang over each side of her hips. Aurelia grimaced in pain as her lips were stretched, displaying the pink interior of her sex. This spread her vulva and put her clitoris on display without any protective hood. 



The next device was a a tube made of clear plastic with a pump at the end. The woman placed the open end of the tube on Aurelia's feminine nub, and using the bump, brought it to full erection. She still continued pumping a little more elongating the nerve rich area of her body. Feeling her clitoris stretched to twice its usual size, Aurelia winced in pain. Her sweating increased by one level. 



"Now we are ready to start" the woman said showing her a box full of needles. 



Aurelia's eyes widened at the sight and she tried to utter "no" through her gagged mouth. Her breathing became more laboured and her muscles clenched under her glistening skin. 



The woman did not wait any longer and proceeded to push a needle across both tube and clitoris. The flesh was so tightly packed inside the tube that the orifice did not cause the air pressure to diminish, keeping the nub to the greatest length it had ever been in her life, offering plenty of space for more needles. Aurelia was screaming to the top of her lungs. Never had she felt so horrible a pain. From her pierced clitoris, the waves of pain seemed to propagate and explode through her whole lower belly. She was thrashing desperately, trying to break the thick straps that were securing her to the rack. With her her head strapped to the table, she could hardly see what was happening, but from the pain she was feeling she was sure that her clitoris was being torn from her vulva. 



Slowly, giving her time for her to feel each piercing, the sadistic woman inserted needle after needle in that sensitive place of her body. Each one brought a more frantic reaction from the poor Aurelia. Her throat was coarse from screaming so much, her limbs were sore from fighting the sturdy restraints. Her crotch was reduced to a fiery ball of throbbing agony. At the end of the process, eight needles had been pierced through her clitoris. 



The woman then took a pair of scissors and cut out the rest of the tube that protruded from Aurelia's clitoris. The needles keeping it in its elongated position. She then showed Aurelia a needle about eight centimetres long. It was adorned with countless tiny backward barbs, which ensured that, once the needle would be in, there would be no way to pull it out. 



"They say that the clitoris goes a long way inside the body, let's find out how deeply" she said as she dipped the long needle in a substance inside a bottle. "This is to prevent infections, and the fact that it will sting a lot makes it a plus" 



The woman placed the needle against the tip of Aurelia's clitoris. While she enjoyed her distorted face of pain and fear, she pushed down, and down, careful to avoid the other needles and keeping a&nbsp; straight line, until only the tip of the needle could be seen protruding from the clitoris. Aurelia had gone mad with pain and panic. This torture was ever worse than the eight former needles together. Her eyes were bulging out, her face was completely distorted by the pain, her body was a pack of knotted muscles, her scream made the wall shake. 



The woman then let Aurelia rest for a while so that she could savour the pain. Meanwhile, she made love to the man that had been watching the show with lustful eyes. 



After satisfying their hornyness, the woman returned to the T table for yet another round of cruelty. She opened a handle on the wall and drops of water started dripping from the high ceiling. It splashed on Aurelia's vagina. After each drop the woman started adjusting the position of the table with the help of the man, until&nbsp; the drop of water finally fell directly on her pained clitoris. The couple then returned for another round of wild sex, before leaving the chamber altogether, turning off the lights, leaving Aurelia to her plight. 



The drops sometimes landed on her flesh, and sometimes they hit the tip of the needle, making it vibrate inside her body. The long, barbed needle was an unbearable torture by itself, but the water droplets kept refreshing the agony it caused every few seconds. In the dark, Aurelia could not even predict when the next drop would fall on her throbbing, grotesquely elongated clitoris. 



Aurelia's mind was sinking into despair. This level was pure hell. It was hopeless. She was by now praying for a quick death. This was all she could hope for now. She was now understanding the state of the woman she had seen lately, in that sinister witch scene. 



The couple returned after a good meal and a nap. They turned the light on and found Aurelia glistening with perspiration. Her body was so defenceless and displayed, so tempting... but they did not want to take things too far in this first session. The water flow was stopped and slowly, the needles were removed, along with the plastic tube. However, they left the long, longitudinal needle in. It could not be removed without totally tearing the clitoris. It was keeping it overstretched, protruding by four centimetres out of its hood.



They still had some spare time with her, so the man decided that a cat-of-nine-tails would be of great use on those displayed thighs and crotch. He smacked the whip several times, not too hard, but even with little strength the place the hits landed made it incredibly painful for Aurelia.



The pit 

Finally, it was time for them to go to dinner and for Aurelia to return to her holding cell. The poor woman's arms were shackled again behind her back and then she was dragged back to the filthy Z block. 



This time one of the gratings in the floor was opened and she was dropped inside. After a short fall, she landed on top of a greasy nude body. There was a lot of groans and protests from the part of the other prisoners. 



The pit had the shape of water drop of about two-metres height, with the narrow grating closing the top and barely letting a dim light through. At its largest, the pit was only one-metre wide and then it tapered down to a round bottom. A stinking, thick liquid was filling it up to 50 centimetres. But mostly, it was filled with writhing human flesh. 



There were five other Zeds in that pit: three females and two males. All had their arms shackled behind their backs at the elbows and wrists and were cruelly ring-gagged. Of course, they were stark naked apart from their manacles and collars. Moreover, they all sported various painful piercings or devices in their very flesh. One of them, a woman, was in a particularly pitiful state. Her flesh had little room to accommodate more steel and she looked very weak and meagre. Her tag showed four holes. 



The women all sported nipple rings. The one that was the most adorned had also a pair of iron rings encircling her breasts; there were marks of blood under these rings, indicating that they must have spikes penetrating her flesh. Also she had large rings pierced through her labia. These no doubt meant she could be tied by them in a variety of painful positions. Shackles were also fixed to the knees and elbows in addition to those in her wrists and ankles. A few centimetres of chain could turn her into a female pretzel easily with all those places to tie her from. Her abdomen was encased in a silice, which looked like a chain mail, except that the links ended like nails facing inwards. A deep breath or a punch into her abdomen would drive them in. Even lying down was unbearable.&nbsp; 



One of the males had a chastity tube fixed at his waist, if he ever had an erection, then spikes would press against his cock. The other man seemed to have a rod permanently pierced along the length of his penis. This rod did not prevent him from urinating, but it did keep him in a continuous, artificial erection. Several barbels were pierced transversely with protruding little steel beads on the sides of his cock. This was a feature that was particularly appreciated by the few women of the A level. 



Aurelia understood that the needle that had been permanently inserted in her clitoris was only the beginning of a long series of tortures. The longer one remained in the Z quarters, the more items one's body would collect. 



Packing six human beings in so cramped a space was another expression of the sadistic ways of the Society. The rounded bottom caused a tendency for all the prisoners to glide towards the middle. Promiscuity was at its worse. All prisoners were constantly struggling to avoid being stomped down into the filth in the middle of the pit and trying to scramble above the others. With their arms cruelly bound in their back and their skins slippery with filth and sweat, this created a fuzzy melee of entangled limbs and body where the weakest and most handicapped pit mates were the perpetual losers. 



Being a recent Z member, Aurelia was in relative good shape compared to her pit companions. This granted her an advantage in the struggle for space and air. However, this also meant that the other prisoners tended to team against her. 



The easiest way was for a prisoner to step on the legs of a fallen one. That would be more effective if from the other side another prisoner stepped on the arms. The weakest ones stopped struggling after a while, and just settled for keeping their heads above the water level. Of course when a new person was dropped into the pit, exhausted by the torture session, and stunned by the sudden fall, he or she was the best candidate to be at the bottom. 



That was exactly what happened to the poor Aurelia as she dropped into the pit. She landed on the back of the two males, who immediately pushed her down. She splashed in the foul liquid. Immediately, there was a general struggle as everybody tried to get a better position in the pit hierarchy. The arrival of a new prisoner was changing the delicate balance among its inhabitants, and all were eager to benefit from it. 



In her sorry state however, Aurelia could not do much. Nor could the heavily-pierced girl. In spite of all her efforts, she was trampled by the two men and two women. Barely did she manage to lie on top of the weak, pierced girl. The two men had teamed together, against the team of the two remaining girls. Abusing of their superior strength, they quickly became the dominants of the pit and took its best places for themselves. All this struggle had barely lasted a couple of minutes. It was as brutal as grotesque as all the prisoners had to fight with their arms locked tight behind them and unable to speak. This was a concert of grunt, kicks, trampling, sliding. 



Aurelia was now kneeling in the water, on the lap of the lowest girl whose head was barely above the surface. Aurelia was little better as her pit mate kept shoving her with their feet and legs. She had constantly to take care of keeping her balance. 



At some point, the grating was opened in a creaking sound. A hook at the end of chain was lowered among them. 



"Z-534, get up!" a voice ordered. 



Immediately, one of the girls struggled to reach the hook, trembling like a leaf. With some difficulty, she managed to thread the hook through the large D ring set in the front of her collar. Once done, she uttered a grunt from her stretched mouth. The chain was pulled up, lifting the writhing girl into the light. She was roughly pulled out and the grating was closed and locked. 



Hours were passing slowly. Now that the pecking order had been settled down, there were less struggles among the pit mates. Hunger was twisting Aurelia's stomach. She wondered whether they would be fed at some time. Thirst was parching her throat and lips and several times already she had resolved herself to drink from the nasty liquid in which they were all marinating, exuding and dejecting. The taste had been horrible but she had managed to swallow it and quench her needs a little. 



She had discovered that there were a couple of drain holes about 50-centimetres high in the walls of the pear-shaped pit. Bilge water was constantly dripping from the grating, replenishing whatever was drained out of the pit. At one point - oh miracle! - a bucket of dubious water had even been poured through the grating, occasioning another struggle to swallow the putrid liquid and lick it from the walls before it mixed in with the foul sauce they were bathing in. 



There was nothing to do. They were just all hoping nothing would happen as this invariably meant some of them being picked up for torture. There were so many Z members though that they spent most of their time waiting in their filth. 



After a few hours, the girl was returned into the pit, tired and in pain, which resulted in more movement of the other prisoners. 



Days passed slowly. Eventually, some food was poured through the grating, which also resulted in fights. The food was made of undefined pellets which floated at the surface of the pit water, allowing the prisoners to try and swallow them without the use of their hands. With their ring-gagged mouths, they had to take the pellets in their mouths, squash them with their tongue and swallow them along with some of the filthy water.&nbsp; 



Others were called out, the weak girl seemed to be the most frequently taken out. Until one day she was not brought back to the pit. Maybe she had been sent to another place, or something else, who could know? 



Without the other girl, Aurelia had no one to lie below her, and being the fact that the others worked in pairs, there she had no hope of gaining a footing in the pit. It was particularly obvious when the guards let fall some food in the pit. The men could even catch some of it before it touched the foul water. By contrast, in the frenzy, Aurelia got trampled down and only when her pit mates had reached satiety was she allowed to collect the food remnants floating around or sticking to the dirty walls. They had not left much food, and it was abominably mixed with all the remains floating in the dubious soup they had been bathing in for days and even weeks. 



Sometimes they pinned Aurelia down with only her face above the water. She was once in that position when one of the men started pissing, his forced permanent erection directed the stream directly to the center of the pit, into her face. This was mainly to humiliate her even more as she was anyway bathing in their collected urine all day long. They wanted to make it clear how low she was in the hierarchy. There was some laughter from the other members. It sounded strange because of the gags. It seemed human nature needed someone else to take out the cruelty being practiced on them. 



Aurelia was immersed up to her shoulders most of the time, kneeling on the floor. Surrounding her, the four other prisoners were standing, leaning their back against the curved walls, pressed against each other. Whenever she tried to stand up too to escaped the stench she was soaking in, they kicked her until she got back down. 



At some point, she turned to the strongest and less handicapped man. She began to press her breasts against his legs and rub her face against his cock. Maybe she could entice him to help her, to protect her against the other mates? 



After a few minutes of this, sperm was added to the list of stuff despoiling her face. One of the women kicked her as soon as she had finished, and with signs made it clear that she wanted similar service. Aurelia had little choice but to comply. She shoved her face into the unwashed pubic hair of the Zed woman. It was clotted with dubious remains and dried cum. Her sex was stinking like a sewer canal. She licked it and nibbled it until she came on her face. In the end it seemed that instead of helping her climbing up the hierarchy, she had lowered herself to the level of a whore for all in the pit. At least they did not kick and step on her so hard afterwards. 

First Session 

The hours passed like days, and the days like weeks. One day, the grate was opened and she heard the words "Z-6543. your turn!" 



By then, Aurelia was eager to get out of this pit. She scrambled out of the water and for the first time nobody prevented her from standing by any angry kick behind her knees. A hook was dangling in the middle of the pit, at the end of a chain. After a couple of attempts, she managed to hook her collar front ring to it. She uttered a sound through her gagged mouth. Instantly, she was yanked upward by her neck. She yelped as the tiny studs inside the collar were pressing against her skin and she was choking.&nbsp; She was rapidly hoisted out of the pit and laid down in the filth, panting. She blinked as the dim torch light was still too bright to her eyes accustomed to the twilight of the pit. 



She was escorted back to the dungeon area, to dungeon number 2. There, the high inquisitor was waiting for her. He removed her gag before asking: "So, it seems you have been accused of witchcraft after all? How do you plead to that charge?" 



Aurelia fought to find the best answer and finally she told: "I'm innocent." 



"So be it, I suspected you would say that, but I have ways to make you change your mind" 



Aurelia was dragged to the center of the chamber, her wrists were shackled behind her back. 



"Please, believe me! I am not a witch!" she pleaded. 



"I won't stop until you confess to your crimes" 



Aurelia gulped her saliva with difficulty. She knew what it meant, she knew how cruel those peoples could be. But she also knew that confessing would bring her closer to the final, deadly torture, the worst that could be imagined, and she was determined to hold until they would be forced to let her go back to the upper levels.





A chain hanging from the ceiling was lowered and her hands chained to it. Then she was raised until her feet left the ground. He pushed a wooden device, often called a spanish horse, under her. He lowered the chain until her crotch landed on the sharp ridge of the wooden horse. The needle in her clitoris was pushed deeper. Her weight pressing on her sensitive crotch caused her some pain and she clenched her teeth to resist the urge to moan. 



Of course this was not the end of her problems yet. He went for another device, a pair of devices more specifically. These were two iron rings. Using a stool to better reach her chest, he placed one of the rings just over her left breast. Those rings were a little smaller than her breasts. With the pliers he grabbed the nipple, and after some pulling and turning he finally managed to pass the piece of flesh through the ring. With the stool on the other side of the horse the process was repeated, the rings held firmly in place by the pulsating constricted flesh. Aurelia felt the blood being slowly trapped inside her mammaries. She looked down at them and to her horror, she saw them swelling slightly and getting tauter. They swelled until their internal blood pressure was strong enough for it to enter back into the main circulatory system. She could feel her heart pulsating inside her breasts causing great anguish.&nbsp; 



The iron rings had some chain links at the top, bottom and sides, no doubt so they could be attached to other things. 

Also small orifices were placed along the circumference, eight in total. A tray of long skewers being heated on a bed of coals gave hints about their use. With pincers he grabbed one of the metal skewers and placed it on the top of her left breast, slowly pushing down, through the sensitive flesh, until it came out on the underside, the pain making the poor victim to grind her crotch against the hard surface of the horse. A pair of small screws were tightened at the top and bottom, fixing the skewer firmly in place. Aurelia's face was contorted with horrible pain. She was moaning as her breasts were cruelly transfixed. However, she felt some relief as the trickles of blood dribbled from her punctured skin, reducing the internal pressure. He left that breast alone and repeated the process with the other one. 



Then it was turn for the horizontal skewers, first one breast, then the other, giving her time to savour the pain, the tightening of the screws giving a sense of permanence to the device. Next one diagonal, followed later by the other diagonal. As the piercing of her breasts led to incredible levels of pain, Aurelia was shaking her head from side to side, screaming to the top of her lungs. She could not help herself from jerking her legs around, grinding her crotch against the rough wooden horse, aggravating her agony. Her toes were vainly wiggling and stretching as they tried to reach the floor. 



She was now ready for the next part of her punishment. Two chains were attached to the bottom of each breast ring. The Inquisitor looked her in the eyes and asked if she wanted to confess before he proceeded with the next part. 



In spite of the terrible agony she was suffering, Aurelia's will was hardly dented. Accordingly, she shook a "no" with her tear-covered face. 



The Inquisitor then brought a wooden contraption resembling an inverted letter T. The horizontal part had a pair of rings at its ends, and the vertical part was shaped like a cylinder, about then centimeters in diameter, getting narrower near the top. The tip was rounded. 



He placed it under the horse, the pole entering an orifice on the underside. He pushed until the rounded tip started nudging at the entrance of her vagina. Next the chains from the rings around her breasts were fixed to the horizontal part of the T. The chains were shortened, forcing her to bend over, grinding the front of her crotch into the horse's sharp ridge. 



He went to take a seat and watch her suffer. She had the option of grinding the needle in her clitoris against the ridge, or raise her body, but that would bring the composed pain of the pull on her breasts and the coarse pole entering her unprepared vagina. 



Aurelia's eyes bulged at this new level of pain. She desperately tried to find a way out of this cruel situation. She kept oscillating between the two horrible positions. After a few seconds, she would find the pain in her rammed vagina and stretched breasts unbearable and would bend over, but then it would not be long before the ache in her crotch and clitoris was too over the top and she straightened. She writhed continuously for about 15 minutes, moaning and crying, feeling the pain increasing in her wracked body. As she pulled on her breast rings, the four long needles transfixing each of her pain globes moved and wakened her agony. She howled in pain continuously. 



He wanted to try something else. He forced the pole penetrating her down, out of her vagina, leaning his weight on it. This put a lot of pressure on her crotch and pulled on her breasts painfully. Then with a cane in hand, he hit her hard on her buttocks, making her move forward a few millimetres each time, the hard ridge scratching her sensitive places. As she thrust her hips, making her grind her way forward along the wooden edge, splinters began to enter the sensitive skin inside her labia. When a particularly long and sharp piece of wood entered her urethra, her mind began to break. She let out a long, piercing shriek that would have shattered the heart of most people. 



After a few strokes he straightened her, and raised the inverted T. This time the pole was poking at her sphincter. In an additional act of cruelty, he shortened the chain a little, the pole would go deeper each time she wanted to avoid the pain in her crotch. Again Aurelia was offered the terrible choice: bend forward and torture her pierced clitoris and raw urethra, or stretching backward and assaulting her needled breasts and raping her anus. Only this time the choice was much more cruel to her. Both pains were equally mind shattering to her. Each move pushed the pole deeper in her anus, stretching her sphincter more and more. Her heart was beating fast and strong, her eyes were rolling desperately. 



A maid entered the chamber, bringing the man a bottle of wine while he enjoyed watching the result of his handy work. He let her for almost an hour, sipping his wine while watching the poor girl struggle to find the least painful position. During that time, the poor Aurelia was torturing herself, ramming her sore butt on the wide rod. As time passed, her anus was getting rawer, but it was not stretched any wider. After so much suffering, Aurelia fell into a kind of second state of mind. She was sweating like a fountain on the wooden horse. 



At last the man decided a change of torture device was in order. He removed the pole from between her legs and released her breasts from it. He pulled the wooden horse backwards without raising her. She was pulled along with it, until the tension in the chains attached to her wrists got high enough to hold her in place. The horse painfully being moved between her legs until finally she reached the edge and started swinging hanging from her wrists. It left her with several shards cruelly embedded in her sex crevice, causing her intense agony. The yanks mad her get out of her torpor and she swung in mid air, moaning. 



He lowered her to the ground and carried her between four posts, face down. The shackles around her wrists and ankles were fixed to chains dangling from each post, at about 1.5 meters above the floor. The chains were retracted, spreading Aurelia in four directions and raising her from the floor until she was horizontal. She felt her limbs stretched beyond nature, until she was as tense as a plank between the posts. Her long hair was flowing down. 



He placed a low bench just beside her and sat on it. A small rope with a weight dangling from it was tied around her nipple. It wasn't very heavy, the purpose was not to hurt much but more to elongate her breasts more than the face-down position provided. Aurelia grimaced as her nipples were stretched down by three full centimetres and her breasts assumed a new conical shape. She grunted and pulled on her aching limbs, to no avail. The weight were swinging a little, pulling her breasts along with them. They were thus moving in an asynchronous, random pattern under her ribcage. 



He went to a cabinet and returned with a device made of thin metal chains. It consisted of several rings joined together by four chains, taking the shape of a cylinder. On each circle was a small device that when turned would reduce some links of the chain, making the circle smaller. 



He placed the device over her right breast. With great care, he moved it upwards until the first circle was above the ring he had fixed earlier on the session and anchored with four long needles. Turning the handle he reduced the size of that circle until it was about the same size of the ring, meaning if would not get loose. The rest of the circles were around&nbsp; her orb at regular intervals. The last circle at the same height as her nipple. 



After repeating the procedure with the left breast, he started reducing the links of the chains encircling her breasts, starting from the top. The flesh was bulging around each circle. When one circle couldn't be reduced any further, he continued with the next one.&nbsp; Aurelia's mammary glands were cruelly compressed inside the constricting cages. Slowly her breasts were looking more and more like a red and purple caterpillar. She could clearly see them getting longer and longer and assuming a totally horrible shape and colour. Their flesh was forced forward further and further as it was hideously pressured in a narrow sausage. She felt her heart pulsating inside the cruelly ligatured flesh and her breasts were slowly getting longer and longer. Aurelia could feel the thin skin&nbsp; 

stretched more and more. She could not turn her eyes away from this morbid spectacle. Her breasts were slowly, permanently being transformed in something perfectly ugly. 

&nbsp; 

He left her like that for another half hour, her flesh swelling by the constriction. By the end of this period, Aurelia's breasts had turned into white-stripped purple salami slowly dangling under her stretched body. The relentless pull of the small weights and the terrible pressure of the consecutive rings had managed to stretch her boobs another three centimetres. Aurelia was sweating profusely and her face was contorted with a mix of terror and agony. 



He then placed the stool in front of her head, to see her pained face, and started touching her encased breasts just to see how sensitive they were. Then he started slapping them, softly at first, but then harder and harder as he asked for a confession, looking in her eyes for any sight of defeat.&nbsp; 



As she mostly kept her head down, he grabbed her hair, and tied it in a ponytail, then grabbed a metal hook, with the end rounder instead of pointy, and inserted it in her rectum. He then pulled her hair and tied it with a short rope to the hook, forcing her to look forward. 

Then he resumed the manhandling of her breasts, twisting them, making the weights swing and collide with each other. 



It was not long before Aurelia's battered mind crumbled and she broke down.





"I confess. I am a witch. But please stop torturing my breasts!!!!" 



The man was satisfied, it was barely mid session and she was already broken. He would surely schedule her for another day to ask her to revel the names of the members of her coven. It would be easier now that she would have two sessions each week. He punctured the first hole in her tag. 



"Good to hear you have finally confessed to your crimes, you could have revealed it from the beginning and save yourself all this pain". Aurelia did not answer, lost in her pain. 



The man operated the winches at the posts, lowering her slowly. He started with the wrists, making sure her breasts touched the ground first and were later compressed by her own weight. He left the dungeon, leaving her face down and still tied to the posts. She tried to roll on her back to relieve the pain in her, but the chains connected to the four posts stopped her attempts. She had to remain lying on her throbbing chest, sobbing and moaning. 



A guard entered the dungeon, released her wrists and turned her around. He proceeded to loosen the chains constricting her breast, from the tip to the base. The blood flowing again, the pain intensified with the release. Permanent damage had been made though and her breasts did not recover their former shape but remained as elongated, swollen salamis. He then applied some antiseptic to all her wounds. The metal rings around the base of her breast, along with the long needles stayed in place, no doubt a souvenir of the session. 



She was dragged by her feet back to the cell area, the guard not caring if she turned face down in the process. However, she was so terrified of being dragged on her sore breasts that she fought hard to remain on her back 



This time she was not brought back to the pit. Instead, she was made to lie flat on the ground, her hands fixed to her sides and her feet fixed to a rope hanging from the ceiling. The rope was pulled until she was hanging upside down. Her face was a few centimetres from the floor. She could see that it was no stone, but a manhole cover. The man lifted the cover revealing a long narrow tube, with so little light that it was impossible to see the bottom. A strong stench exhaled from the hole, making Aurelia to turn her head away. 



She was slowly lowered inside, the space so narrow that she barely fit in, the wall pressing and scratching all her naked skin on the way down, particularly her now swollen breasts. Finally she was completely inside the tube, her feet were chained to a ring protruding from the wall near the aperture, and the manhole cover was replaced. No one who saw that area could suspect there was a human being under that spot, except for the desperate screams that usually came from the inside. 



What the victim inside those ugly places learned fast was that it was part of the sewer system. Several tubes gave a constant supply of foul water which then flowed slowly from the bottom of the tube. Sometimes the water level would raise covering the eyes or the upturned nose of Aurelia. Other times where much water was being used it even reached her neck for a few seconds. Little did know a C member busy washing the dishes that he could be collaborating with the torment of a Z. 



Aurelia was alone in the stinking darkness. Blood was gathering in her face, causing her to feel her heart beating. The shackles were biting deep into the flesh of her ankles, which were supporting all her weight. As time passed, Aurelia felt the pressure increasing against her chest, as if the pipe was narrowing around her body. After some anguishing moments, she realised that it was not the walls that were narrowing but her chest that was expanding. Her breasts were now swelling to huge proportions and were pressing against the filthy pipe. The stench was atrocious and she had difficulty breathing. 



A moist, putrid air was enveloping her. Her hair was most of the time floating in waste water, whose level was occasionally reaching her face. When it happened, her plight sunk to new depths of horror as her up-turned nostrils were filled with the foul liquid. Her subsequent sneezing and coughing sent fresh waves of pain in her sore chest. 



Eventually the manhole cover was opened and some rays of light entered the sewer. She was given an injection in the leg, no doubt some antibiotics and nutrients to keep her strong. Then the light vanished as she was sealed inside again. Her slow torture continued. By now she was moaning or screaming most of the time, in the hope of attracting the attention, so that she would not be forgotten in this horrific underground world of filth and stench. 



After what looked like an interminable time for her, the sewer was opened again, and her legs lifted, again with many scratches from the surface as the upside down position contributed to further swelling of her mammaries. She was then taken to a small cell. It was a nice change, there was even some food and clean water. She ate and drank all she could swallow and tried to wash the filth that was soaking her hair and body. She contemplated with horror the changes to her body. She was even more skinny than before, with her ribs barely covered with any flesh. By contrast, her breasts had now swollen to incredible proportions. They were looking like big melons, taut and globular, circled by their crown of steel and pierced by four needles each. Every breath, every move reminded her of their painful presence as they swung on her chest. She realised that, even if she could now come back to her former life, she would be perceived as a freak with such monstrosities. This plunged in even deeper despair.&nbsp; 



Sadly Aurelia's stay in this cell did not last long, as the time arrived for her next session. Only four days had passed since the previous session and her body had not yet fully recuperated. It probably never would. She was hosed off with cold water to remove all the filth that her body had accumulated in the previous week. 

Second Session 

She was escorted to one of the horrible rooms by two guards. Before opening the door, one of them spoke:





"Remember this info: your contact is Agent Z843. Now repeat it to me" 



She looked at him with a puzzled look, but she answered nevertheless: "Z843 is my contact." 



"Be sure not to forget that" 



They opened the door and entered a well illuminated room, with white tiled floor and walls. At the center of the room stood a metal table, beside which was a young woman in some kind of military uniform. 



"Fix her to the table" she said. 



The strong men grabbed Aurelia and made her lie flat over it, a strap just over her mons, another above her breasts and a third at the neck were fixing her against the cold surface. Then her wrists were fixed at her sides, her cuffs linked to rings designed for that purpose. 



Her knees were bent to the sides, spreading her thighs wide. Straps near the crotch, at the knees and at the ankles completed the task. Her thighs were flat against the table and formed a 180 degree angle, leaving no doubt at which area of her body would be the main target of this session. Aurelia felt totally open and helpless, with her sex gaping wide and her stretched clitoris standing proudly above her pubic mound. The strain on her stretched crotch tendons was already aching and she moaned in pain. 



The woman turned a handle under the table, and it caused a circular area under Aurelia's buttocks to start separating from the table, pushing her hips away and spreading her even more, the tension of the straps on her thighs and abdomen increased, making her unable to move even by an inch. By now the tension on her ligaments was extreme an Aurelia was feeling as if her thighs bones were on the verge of dislocation. 



The guards left the room while the military-clad woman operated another lever on the table, tilting it raising her legs and lowering her head, her vulva at a comfortable height; comfortable that is for the person about to work on it, not for the victim so obscenely displayed. Finally she spoke to Aurelia. 



"I am Lt. Smith, you are here because we interrogated a spy last week and she told us your name. And now it is my duty to perform a severe interrogation until you decide to reveal the name of your contact." 



She produced a metallic device with the shape of a square, a spring was fixed to each corner and each spring with a clamp at the end. She placed the device over Aurelia's crotch, and clamped the left labia at the front near her protruding clit, and back close to where her lips joined. Moving the square and pulling on the springs she was able to clamp her other lip. The springs pulling at them in four different directions, opening her petals and leaving her internals totally exposed. Aurelia moaned as her nether lips were stretched so cruelly. Her terrified mind wondered how long they could be stretched before being unable to take back their natural shape. 



She had difficulty to see what was going on between her thighs as her huge breasts were blocking her view. However, a screen was in front of the table, so Aurelia had a clear view of the close-up of her vulva. On the screen could be seen a rubber hose, about 5 mm in diameter. At its end was a small plastic valve with a ridged protrusion about 6 cm long, like those intended to connect another hose in the end. But it was no rubber hose this protrusion was for, it was instead pushed down into her urethra, twisted and turned until the valve was just at the entrance of her pee hole. Pain exploded in her pee canal and she began to squirm in her restraints. Her trapped muscles bulged frantically as she tried to break free. Somehow, her urethra felt as her most intimate orifice; one that had remained untouched since her admission in the Society in spite of all the predicaments she had been through. Its violation created a new torture that, added to the sheer cruelty and acute pain it caused, increased her helplessness and despair feelings. 



The woman opened the valve and started pumping water inside Aurelia's bladder, filling it to the max. The strap over her waist was pressing painfully. As the internal pressure increased, she felt her urge to pee going up to a yet unknown level. The urge changed to a burning, and then she felt as if her bladder was going to explode. Still, the valve was stopping all possibility to relieve her need. 



After a few minutes, the she-lieutenant released the valve, letting the urine and water combination flow out, only to repeat the procedure again, and again. This repeated filling and emptying of her bladder felt very strange to Aurelia. It was a succession of urge and relief, with episodes of pain as he bladder was filled to its full capacity and beyond. After several iterations the torturer left the valve closed holding a vast amount of water inside Aurelia, and removed the hose, leaving the valve there. Aurelia was left with her bladder bloated and pressing to flow out. 



The torturer then pushed a weird looking machine with several tubes. It had a reinforced hose that ended in a long metallic probe. She placed the probe at the entrance of the valve, and while she opened the valve she also pushed the metal bar deep inside. There were a few drops of water, but the metallic probe soon sealed her urethra, keeping most of the water inside. The interrogator then switched the machine on, which made a low hum. 



At first, nothing seemed to happen. After a while however, the purpose of the machine became clear : the water was feeling colder and colder, the machine was passing a refrigeration gas through the tube deep inside Aurelia's body. The part of the urethra that was in direct contact with the tube felt the bite of the cold. This sent chills all along Aurelia's spine. The worst came when the water started forming crystals which pushed in her sensitive membranes, and trying to occupy more volume than the distended bladder allowed. After a while the machines stopped automatically; the thermostat was calibrated for the most effective temperature. The pressure inside Aurelia's bladder had still increased and the ice coldness she felt was bothering her that her bladder would be badly destroyed. But by now, her urethra was so cold that its sensitivity was much lower. 



The woman was sitting on a chair enjoying the sight before her. She asked Aurelia if she was ready to reveal the name of her contact. Aurelia did not answer, keeping her lips tightly shut. She was decided to resist this session. 



Lt Smith turned the machine off, it would take a while before the water inside her thawed and could be expelled and she decided to switch to another torment meanwhile. A machine with several wires and dials was pushed close to the table. One wire with a crocodile clamp at the end was attached to the external part of the metal pipe shoved deep inside her bladder. The other cable that would close the circuit was then plugged into the metal cylinder under her buttocks. After turning on the machine and adjusting the dials on the lower settings, she pushed a switch, which sent an electric shock from Aurelia's urethra to her bladder, to cross all her bowels and come out through her buttocks. The poor girl's body arched backward as much as the taut straps allowed her, all her muscles knotted like ropes under her skin. Her urethra was like in fire and this extracted shrieks of pain and panic from her throat. 



The dials were turned increasing the voltage and the process was repeated, several times, with about 20-second-long shocks. Each shot was more painful than the previous. It seemed to her as is she was fried from the inside. Her dry urethra was clenched around its tormenting invader, increasing the inhuman agony. 



After a while, she left Aurelia rest for a few moments while she manipulated the machine, detaching the lower wire and changing it for one that ended in a huge metal cylinder. This one was pushed into her unprepared rectum. As the humongous plug forced bit by bit into Aurelia's unwilling anus, she felt as if it was going to be torn apart and this caused her terror to reach a new level. However, her rectum manager to widen enough to accept the intruder without permanent damage. The voltage was lowered again, and the torturer repeated the process of giving her several shocks, increasing the level after each one. The pain was now even more excruciating. She felt as if her bowels were making tight knots inside her bloated belly. She was shaking her head from side to side, shrieking to the top of her lungs. The heat was causing the ice inside her to melt quickly. 



As a final cruelty meant to break her resolve, she changed the wires again. This time a crocodile pincer was closed around the needle deep inside her clitoris. She made sure that the pincer grabbed also a good amount of sensitive flesh when closed down. Then, hand on the switch and eyes upon the face of the victim, she pushed the switch again. And again after upping the voltage. Somehow Aurelia's clitoris had become blinded to pain as this treatment seemed mild when compared to her precedent tortures. Still her urethra was pulsating with white pain and she shrieked like a banshee as the shocks coursed through her throbbing pee pipe. 



The metal pipe was turned around and removed from her body, still some ice was around it and the sharp crystals scratched her urethra on the way out. Some even got stuck, blocking the flow of water, being slowly pushed out by the pressure one agonizing millimetre at a time. This propelled her to another level of terrified horror. She felt the ice shards as if they were actually tearing her lower belly open. Her mind was paralysed by terror and agony, her eyes bulged out, blue swollen veins snaked around her face and neck as she screamed to a level that her lungs had rarely equalled. 



The valve was closed a little, still letting the water flow, but only a small amount at a time. 



The handle under the table was then turned in the reverse direction, her head now higher than her legs, at about a 30 degree angle. As the weight of her bowels pressed on her slowly emptying bladder, her pain was increased and she moaned louder. 



"Ready to talk? or shall I continue with the interrogation?" 



"No, please, no! I'll talk, I'll talk!" Aurelia said rapidly in a coarse, panicked voice. But when she tried to remember the name she had been told before entering, she found her memory totally blank. Her face turned pale and her lips trembled. "Uuuuh... Z348! This is my contact, yes!" she said rapidly, hoping this would satisfy her tormentor. 



The beautiful interrogator wrote the information down. 



"I'm going to check that information, please make yourself comfortable". She said as she left the room closing the door behind her. 



After about 10 minutes she returned into the room. "You fucking lying bitch!" she stormed in. "Thought you could fool me? There is no Agent Z348! You will&nbsp; pay dearly for that. If you think you are in pain, think twice, for you haven't suffered nothing yet!". 



With one hand she squeezed one of Aurelia's severely bruised breasts and took the opportunity left by the following scream to place a rubber ball-gag in her mouth, a strap going around her neck holding it firmly in place. Aurelia's scream of agony at the mauling of her hyper-sensitive boob was immediately muffled by the large ball. 



"Listen carefully, I don't want to hear your pitiful pleads and lies. I will punish you for trying to fool me, and will then decide when you can speak. When I remove the gag, I want the truth, or else the gag goes back in and I resume my work doubling the amount of pain you will feel. So think very carefully what you will say". 



The table was turned again, leaving her crotch prominently displayed. Since her pee-hole seemed to be a very tender part and should be more sensitive after the previous treatment, she went for another device designed specially for that part of the body. This one was also a long metal stick, with several small orifices along the surface as could be seen thanks to the zooming camera. It was pushed inside her, this one thicker than the previous one, until only the handle could be seen. It was opened on that end and seemed to be hollow. Aurelia's eyes grew wide and bulging as he raw urethra was tortured once more. It was stretched wider than before, causing incredible pain and anguish to the severely restrained girl. Her heart was beating fast and hard from the panic this was causing her at the idea that her pee canal was being totally destroyed. 



The interrogator then introduced another thinner stick on this one and slowly started to push. The device inside consisted of several tiny needles attached to a small plastic bag. As the inner stick was moved further inside, it first pushed a needle out and then compressed the small bag, so it emptied its contents trough the needle into the sensitive flesh. As it went further, more needles went out of their hiding place and filled her with the special substance.&nbsp; 



"It's a chemical substance similar to bee venom" she said answering the unspoken question. 



Taking the time for each piercing to be felt fully, she slowly pushed a little and then stopped to watch the reactions. In the end about 20 needles had emptied their fiery substance along the whole surface of her urethra. Aurelia was now struggling and shaking in her bonds with the utmost fury. The table was trembling from her frantic attempts to break free. She was screaming to the top of her lungs although any sound was effectively muffled by her gag. The torturer left her for about 30 minutes. Those were 30 minutes of pure hell during which Aurelia desperately tried to remember the name she had been given before entering this horrible room. 



When Lt Smith decided it was time to add more torment to her victim's poor body, the table was yet again turned so her head was higher than the rest of her body. Aurelia's ball gag was equipped with a small plugged hole to which a hose could be fitted and water-tightly sealed. Another nice feature was a valve allowing the gag to be inflated. The lieutenant used some of those pumps used by sports-mans to inflate the ball gag, making it bigger and bigger. Forcing Aurelia's jaw painfully wide open, The rubber gag closed tightly against her lips sealing her mouth completely. Her cheeks were now bulging grotesquely and her jaws were on the verge of dislocation. 



She just opened a tap on the wall to which the other end of the hose was connected and watched with sadistic delight as the water started filling Aurelia's mouth, putting more pressure, her cheeks bulging to the max. 



"10 litres and then I'll let you talk" she said while she watched the water meter turning slowly. 



Aurelia's eyes widened and her nostrils flared as she felt the water entering her mouth. She could stop the flow for a few seconds, just the time to take a breath through her nose, but the pressure then forced her to swallow all the water that was directed at her. The anguish of asphyxia added to her other terror and she felt her mind wavering. Water flowed in mercilessly, filling her stomach, then her intestines. Her belly was bloating more and more, adding to the pressure on her bladder. Her belly was distended until she looked as if she were pregnant. 



Eventually the water stopped and the gag was deflated.&nbsp; 



"So? Who is it?" the tormentor asked. 



At first, Aurelia could not answer. She was vomiting litres of water through her mouth and nostrils. But at last she was able to speak in between hiccups and coughs. "This is Z843" she said, hoping that this time she had remembered it correctly. 



"I'm going to corroborate that information, I hope for your own sake that you are not lying again!" 



She went to a desk an opened an envelope reading the contents. 



"I'm very disappointed with you! You think you can fool me twice? you will pay for that!" 



Aurelia's eyes grew wide in shock. She had erred again. She was going to be tortured again. She felt her heart breaking at this prospect. However, the military woman was not able to resist more than a few seconds before bursting out laughing. 



"Oh God, too bad the screen wasn't in front of you so you could see the look on your face!" Aurelia sighed in relief, at this cruel joke. "But don't think you are out of trouble so easily" she said as she punctured another hole in her tag. " If Agent Z843 doesn't give any info after an interrogation session, we might bring you back here for more questioning. And according to this tag you are available three times a week. I'll make sure to book you soon because all the people watching this session live from their rooms must have already scheduled your whole next month." 



She slowly pulled the inner stick out, which caused the needles to retract, then twisting and turning the other stick, it was removed from her urethra. Some of the needles didn't retract fully and caused some scratching on the way out, additionally her flesh was swelling by the effects of the venom and all the punishment received there, making the extraction more difficult. Aurelia screamed again to the top of her lungs as her urethra was receiving more torture. 



Only the valve stayed in place. It was again closed a little so it only allowed a small flow of water out. A long transparent tube was attached to it. The gag was again placed inside her mouth, only this time not inflated so much, and the end of the tube was plugged into it so she would be drinking back all that came out of her body, as a monument to recycling. Then the torturer left the room. Aurelia could feel her pee trickling into her mouth as her bloated bladder emptied itself through the catheter.&nbsp; 



After a little while two men entered to take her to the holding cells. On the way out she saw a C girl with several holes in her tag and a fearful face enter to clean the mess. Aurelia looked at her with sorry eyes but all she met in the other girl's eyes was horror. This reminded her how much of a freak she had become. 



Her weakened form had her hands shackled together behind her back and she was thrown into a pit with the subsequent grunts and movement of the other four occupants. One of them was a newly arrived man with Z843 written on his tag. 



She was so weak and so battered that she quickly ended at the lowest point of the hierarchy. She was trampled on by the other prisoners, her head barely above the surface of the filthy water half-filling the pit. Her gag prevented her to protest. She was even unable to eat and had to content herself with her own urine. 



She tried to communicate with Z843, to warn him about what was about to happen to him, to ask him to speak so that she would be spared further torture. But all she could utter were pitiful grunts and moans, which only brought mockery from her pit mates. 

Third Session 

Just a couple of days had passed when she heard her code being called again from above, her body had not recovered yet form the first session, not to mention the second one. 



She was hoisted out of the pit and then was mostly dragged to the chamber of torture. Upon entering, a big strong man was waiting for her. He took her from the hands of the guards and dragged her to the center of the room where a large metallic cone was standing on top of a table. 



He started by placing a pair of iron bars against her left leg and tying them at thigh, knee and ankle level, so that she could not bend that leg any more. The same process was repeated with the other leg. Her hands remained shackled behind her back and the gag was removed along with the tube. The valve was opened completely but stayed in place. 



A pair of pulleys were set in the ceiling above her. Two ropes were passed around them, and tied to the top ring of the circles trapping her breasts. The other end of the rope was pulled down, until she was hanging from those pieces of severely punished flesh. For long seconds she was writhing and screaming in mid air, slowly swinging and spinning. She was sure that her now huge breasts were going to explode or to be ripped from her rib cage. Her rigid legs were helplessly flaying around, her feet vainly looking for support. 



With the help of the guard first one leg then the other were lifted and attached to the other end of the ropes, her legs horizontal as if she was sitting in mid-air. The fearful cone was then pushed under her. A guard put some of his weight on her ankles to raise her a little by the pull on her breasts, while the apex of the cone was centered just under her crotch. To her horror, she felt the tip of the cone touching her anus. The realisation of what was awaiting her was even stronger than the pain she felt in her tortured mammaries. 



She was slowly lowered while the man made sure the tip of the cone entered her rectum. The ropes were readjusted so she could move up and down, but never get it out completely. The guards left and she was left alone with the man who only looked at her as she slowly slid down, the circumference of the cone getting wider and wider. She tried to push on her rigid legs to stop her fall and at first she succeeded. She was also clenching her sphincter tight. For a few dozens of seconds, she managed to stay sitting on the top of the cone, with only a few centimetres of steel inside her bowels. But soon her leg muscles began to tremble and gravity won. She began to slide lower on the cone, feeling it going deeper in her colon. But the most terrifying was the sensation of her anus being stretched wider and wider. Her own weight was impaling her on the cruel object and threatened to tear her apart.&nbsp; 



"I'm not playing silly interrogation games, just tell me whenever you want to trade another hole in your tag instead of the continuation of the session" the man said. 



He closely checked the rim of her anus, when he was satisfied that it had reached a certain height, he opened a small door near the base of the cone, and detached its tip. The cone was now more the shape of a volcano, the top opening deep inside her bowels. That meant that the stretching of her rim would not be limited by the length of the cone inside her. It also meant that there was a wide open entrance into the depths of her body. 



That last fact became of the utmost importance when the man showed her transparent jars filled with several kinds of insects: ants, centipedes, caterpillars, crawlers and other bugs she had never seen before. He emptied the jars in the small door of the cone and closed it. He later reopened the door and poured some water inside to cause the insects to go search of higher ground. The insects immediately became like mad and they swarmed up in the warm depths of Aurelia's bowels. She could weakly feel them crawling on her distended inner membranes, however the sensation was mostly overwhelmed by the incredible pain and anguish caused by her ever widening rectum. Aurelia kept sinking more and more on the cone. She could feel her inner muscles being torn bit by bit. She began to panic at the idea that her rectum was being made totally useless. She would soon be turned into a cow, unable to stop from defecating. 



The man went to a corner of the room, and returned with a small cage in his hands. 



"You know, we did a little bit of previous work on the insects: we put some strong-smelling cheese in a blender and covered them with the substance". 



He showed the small cage to Aurelia. Inside it was a small but very furious rat. A short rope was tied to its tail and at the other end was tied a heavy metal ball. 



"The rope is so it can't go too deep, we don't want to cause serious injury, do we? Now, shall I let this little buddy go search for food?" 



With her anus already destroyed beyond repair, Aurelia could not bear the prospect of such an inhuman treatment. 



"Please, don't!" she begged. "I'd rather have another hole in my tag." 



"Sure, there is only one problem, I forgot to bring the hole punching device with me, you stay here and I'll be right back. Please take care of my pet while I'm gone". 



Having said so he fixed the entrance of the cage to the cone and opened it before leaving the room. Aurelia let out a high-pitched scream in protestation, to no avail.&nbsp; 



The starving animal quickly moved following the smelly trail left by the bugs, with tiny claws climbing to reach deeper and higher until the weight held it back by the tail. It furiously scratched the same area, trying to reach the food just a few inches away from it's nozzle. Aurelia was screaming like a banshee as the rodent was further destroying her insides. 



Mercifully, the man did not take very long to return, and after punching a hole in the neck of the squirming woman he put his hand inside the cone and started pulling the animal out by the rope. The rat resisted and fought every inch until it was placed back in the cage. 



He called on the guards who again raised her by pulling her ankles down. He had to push the rim of her anus to dislodge it from the cone. Her anus did not close but remained widely gaping, its sphincter utterly destroyed. 



She was given some pills designed to kill all the animals that still stayed alive inside her and was then taken back to the holding cells. Each session she failed to resist meant less time of rest between sessions, if only one could call rest the time spent in the pit. The bars of her legs were unfastened and she was taken back to the pit. 



Her time in the pit was miserable. Every parts of her body was hurting. Her breasts had swollen so more, becoming even more monstrous than ever. Her anus was totally destroyed, making her unable to hold anything. As a consequence, she was continuously leaking excrement, adding to the pit's misery. She had not been fed since several days as, during her previous stay in the pit, she had been gagged all the time. She was now eager to swallow any type of protein she could find, and her males pit-mates were happy to provide her with all the semen they could produce. 

Fourth Session 

She was not left long in the pit; only one day. Being the one in the pit with the most holes in her tag meant that she was always at the bottom and also she was the one taken out most often. 



They fished her out of the pit and first took her to a room where she was cleaned and examined. The higher members did not like a woman who was too weak to fully feel what was being done to her. Only then was she led to her torture room. As its door opened, she saw who would be her torturer of the day. It was an old man in a white lab coat. He was standing right next to a strange device. Entirely made of stainless steel, it looked like a skeleton, but with levers at each joint, and it was fixed to the floor by a wide base fixed to what corresponded to the pelvis. Several hoses and wires were coming from the base and going to each limb. 



He opened the leather straps along the ribcage of the frame while the guards pushed Aurelia towards the device and made her lie on it. The straps were tightly closed: one over her neck, one under her breasts and another one just over her hips. The steel skeleton felt icy against Aurelia's skin. The "skull" of the skeleton was like a cage for her head, holding her firmly by the forehead. Then each limb was attached to the frame bones, with a strap over and under each joint. After she was completely secured, she was left alone with the old man. 



"I designed this thing myself. I was never satisfied with the conventional restraints, always having to change the victim from one to another to apply different methods. With this I can put you in every position I desire, with the possibility to reach every part of your body" 



Aurelia tried to move, her muscles bulged as she fought the straps, but she found that she was securely maintained to the rigid frame. 



"This thing is so great that there is interest from some governments to acquire it. And you my dear have been selected to help me demonstrate how effective this thing can be. We will send the video of this session to the directors of the secret police of several countries, so please don't disappoint me. When you want this to stop, you only have to yell ' I killed the Prime Minister'. " 



Aurelia nodded. This session seemed easier and she was sure she could hold for the next 12 hours. 



"First a demonstration of the mobility" 



He took a controller from the base of the table and started pushing some buttons. The frame rotated horizontally making a full turn, then vertically, first one way making her completely upside down and then the other way. Aurelia's body hardly twitched as the frame rotated in all directions. She was tightly bound to it and would not move whatever position it was set to. 



After that things started to get worse. First he pushed a button that made the device horizontal and form an X with her limbs, then the limbs began separating from the center of the device, stretching her to the maximum. After about a minute the device released the tension, but then the limbs started rotating along their axes, twisting her arms and legs first on one direction and then the other. This caused intense pain in her joints as they were strained in the most unnatural positions. Whenever the mad scientist pulled or twisted them too far, she moaned in pain. 



Then the joint fixed to her arms started bending, forcing her arms to bend at the elbow. It became painful when when the direction was reversed first making her arms stretch and then try to bend in the reverse direction. The old man left the pressure for a little while and in the meantime he did the same with her legs, bending them in a direction the knee could not follow. The pain shoot through her strained joints. Aurelia could hear and feel her bones creaking as the pressure increased. She had always been rather supple, but this was going much farther than anything she had ever done. As pain increased, her moans got louder and perspiration began to roll down her body. She was gritting her teeth, trying to clear her mind and to forget the agony that was tearing her limbs apart. 



She was returned to the X position. He then operated the device so her legs would be spread wider and wider, until they were at a 180 degrees angle with each other, her battered crotch on display. The device was then tilted so she was upside down. Again she felt strain in her crotch. However, the previous session during which her urethra had been tortured, had already stretched her groin and she was now almost accustomed to this type of position. Still, the pain made her sweat and moan. The position exposed&nbsp; her previous treatments. The valve was protruding out of her her raw urethra, while dubious droplets trickled from her floppy anus. Her slightly elongated labia were dangling around her vulva. 



To demonstrate the possibilities to the people looking the video, the mad scientist started caning her exposed thighs and crotch. He moved on giving a few hits on the soles of her feet, also hammering her toes, and then moved lower to the sides of her torso. He was not very strong but compensated with patience in covering every square inch of her skin. After what she had been through, Aurelia remained stoic under the caning. She hardly moaned a little louder when the blows landed over her feet, which she wiggled helplessly.&nbsp; 



Eager to demonstrate other possibilities of the frame, he returned the position of the legs to normal, and moved the arms to her sides. Then the skeleton was tilted until she was at about a 45-degree angle head over feet. He approached with a spider gag, and with many places that hurt at the lightest touch, it was an easy task to force it inside her mouth. It was opened wide, the metal prongs keeping her lips wide open. It was designed to cover as few as possible of the dental area, but provided enough leverage to push her jaws apart until it started to hurt. Aurelia rapidly found herself with her jaws parted as far as they would go, and then a little bit more. The strain on her ligaments was painful. Her lips were stretched thin and her teeth were flashing in the crude light. Only her tongue was able to move by then. Swallowing her saliva had become extremely difficult and it began to spill over her upper lip and and to dribble over her face. 



Next followed the sound the modern man has learned to fear: the buzzing sound of a dental drill. The man selected one of her bottom molars and started drilling into it, of course without the benefit of any anaesthetic. Bit by bit it carved, sending the air and tooth dust all over her mouth, the feeling increasing each millimetre. The pain was excruciating. Aurelia felt it propagating through her whole skull. This was an acute, terrible pain, and there was nothing she could do to escape it. All her muscles bulged and the straps dug deep into her flesh as she tried to break her bonds. Blue veins swelled under her skin. Her eyes were wide open. A long pain howl echoed through the walls of the chamber. But the skeleton frame hardly moved at all. 



Finally he reached the nerve, he stopped the drilling immediately, not wanting to damage it, which would result in a reduced feeling. A sterile piece of metal needle was placed inside the cavity, touching and slightly piercing the nerve ending. While with the other hand he applied a type of amalgam to seal it and avoid any infection. The piercing of her very nerve send a new jolt of pure agony in Aurelia's jaw. Her body tensed stronger than ever before against its binding, but with the same results: nothing. The continuous grinding of the needle was driving her insane with pain. Only a small part of the metal needle was visible outside the tooth. While the paste dried he repeated the same procedure with a molar on the opposite side. The added pain was too much for the poor girl. Her body clenched one last time as her lungs expelled a truly inhuman screech, and then she fell back, limp, on the frame. She had passed out. 



It took about 30 minutes for the paste to be completely sealed. Meanwhile he was busy setting the next stage. Showing how some devices were able to monitor the subjects heart rate and other vital signs making for a safe interrogation session. In spite of all his attempts she did not come back to her senses before four hours had elapsed. 



As her eyes blinked open, he resumed the session. A pair of wires ending in small clips were attached to each of the heads of the metal needles inside her molars, making sure they did not touch the gag forcing her mouth open. He adjusted some dials in the remote controller and by pushing a button he sent electric current from one molar to the other. He repeated the operation giving her 10 or 20 seconds shocks with increasing amounts of voltage. All the while monitoring her health status on the screen. Aurelia's screams filled the room again as her skull seemed to explode under the atrocious pain. Each shock forced her body against its straps, sent sparkles in front of her bulging and rolling eyes, seemed to make her very brains to boil inside her head. Each shock was leaving her more exhausted and fuzzy-minded. 



Noticing that the demonstration was not going the way he wanted, he removed the wires from her mouth and closed the gag a little, to let her articulate words, a confession. However, Aurelia remained silent, her teeth clenched tight. 



The frame was returned to the horizontal X position. This position was so useful that a single button sufficed to set it up. He then adjusted other buttons, and the frame started separating her limbs again in four different directions, only this time it was not just a show of the possibilities. This was pulling her limbs apart for real. As the strain increased, she began to moan and sweat began to pour from her stretched skin. 



When she started to show sign of pain he stopped the machine for a while, to let her body adjust to the tension, and savour the pain. He also wanted to let her rest for a little while before the real torment started. After 30 minutes, the machine started again, the hydraulic system pumping away, slowly pushing the extremes further away. She moaned louder as her ligaments and nerves were stretched some more. The pain was growing exponentially with every millimetre gained. 



The old man adjusted additional straps to her thighs and shoulders, making sure her torso would not receive the most of the tension, thus preventing any damage to her spine. The pulling continued more and more, her shoulders bulging. 



About two hours had passed, with the tensions being slowly increased with short pauses to let the body adjust. 

Finally, her right shoulder popped out of its socket. Aurelia let out a loud, blood-freezing scream. She felt as if her arm had just been torn from her torso. With her encased head, she could not look directly at her arm but from the corner of her eyes she saw that, although her arm was now unnaturally long, it was still attached to her. Then the deviousness of the device became clear, as that part of the frame reversed direction, instead of pulling started pushing, until the limb was reset in its place, then the pulling resumed. This produced an even sharper pain in her shoulder, which soon vanished&nbsp; though as the loosened tension felt so good to her overstretched sinuses. 



It was now the turn for the other shoulder to go the same way, first dislocation, and followed immediately with being reset, meanwhile the right arm was again feeling about to pop out again. He added a little variation: with the arms pulled to the max, the forearms started moving down, again bending the arms in the opposite direction of the elbow, more and more each time. Aurelia was moaning continuously as her joints were strained past their natural movement. 



All this time the unrelenting pulling of her legs had continued and they too were nearing dislocation, when it felt like they were going to pop out, the bar at the thigh stopped, and the one holding the ankle continued, thus the stretching was now concentrating on the knee joint. Aurelia screamed, resisting with all her might to the relentless traction. 

&nbsp; 

Thinking that another dislocation would surely cause her to faint again, he opted to leave her stretched like that and proceed with another torture on the defenceless body. For that he selected several 5-cm-long needles and grabbing her left foot he started pushing them under the toe nails. As he grabbed her foot, Aurelia felt adrenaline rushing into her veins and her heart began to beat faster. She tried to shake it free but the man's hold was too strong. As the needles were shoved under her toenails, the sheer idea of steel piercing her flesh gave her nausea. Added to the pain of feeling her sensitive toes transfixed, it made her reach a new level of anguish and agony. Her body once again vainly tried to arch free from the skeleton frame. 



"Confess now, or I connect the electric wires to the needles." 



Keeping her teeth clenched, Aurelia did not answer. Electric shocks, she was convinced, would cause so much pain that she was sure to pass out. This would bring her some energy to fight longer. 



Noticing her violent reactions to anything related to her feet he decided to not apply the shocks, but instead went for yet another device, a pair of devices in fact. He paused to admire the beauty displayed on the frame. He was proud of his design not only for the pain it could cause to a body attached to it but for the fact that there was almost no torture that could not be applied to its helpless victim. 



The devices he had selected looked like regular leather sandals. The difference was that in this case the shoemaker seemed to have used extremely long nails to fix the sole, and plenty of them. 



The bed of needles was placed against her sole and the straps closed around her foot and one at the ankle. As soon as the nails touched her sensitive soles, Aurelia gasped and jerked in her bonds. She began to sweat even harder and her heart beat increased its frequency. These were not regular straps, they were very thick, and in the middle where the left and right part joined, there was a dented wheel. With an Allen key the length of the strap was slowly reduced, the pointy spikes starting to pierce her soles. Aurelia began to scream to the top of her lungs as she felt the spikes slowly&nbsp; piercing her skin. First one turn on the straps of one foot, then he moved to the other. Until the skin bulged around the leather straps. Aurelia's eyes were bulged as panic churned in her terrorised mind. 



After some time, her position was again modified such as now her legs were against each other, and with a short thin cane, he gave a blow to her soles, not much effort into it, just enough to make the sandals vibrating. This extracted a terrible scream of agony from Aurelia's coarse throat. The pain was reverberating through her whole legs. 



Slowly checking for any sign of either breaking or passing out, he slowly increased the strength of the blows. Aurelia's screams became truly inhuman as sometimes the deeply embedded nails were grinding against her very bones. As the man increased the strength of his blows, Aurelia was thrashing harder against the skeleton frame. Suddenly, as he landed a particularly strong blow on her heels, Aurelia's entire body seemed to knot, the skeleton squealed as she managed to move its arm and leg extensions over a few centimetres. Her eyes were bulging out in sheer terror, and then she fell limp. 



In spite of all efforts, she did not wake up for the next five hours. 



The frame released some of the tension and she was left to rest there for a while. When she finally regained consciousness, she was untied and her hands were shackled behind her back. They forced her to walk on the nasty sandals out of the room. Walking on the nail was an excruciating torture to the trembling Aurelia. She was limping badly. 



She was placed alone in a small cell, to regain strength until the next session. A bowl of food and another of water placed on the floor. She ate and drank with avidity as this was the first real meal she had since many days. This comforted her a little. The last torture session had left her in a very pitiful state. She could barely move her arms and legs and her feet were causing her intense suffering. She tried to remove the sandals but found that the ratcheting mechanism could not be released without the proper tool. 

Fifth session: the wheel 

Aurelia recognized the way they were taking her along: they were taking her back to the medieval dungeon. She expected to see the inquisitor waiting for her, but instead inside was another man. It seemed the Society did not have a shortage of sadists wanting to work on her pretty body. 



Shackled as she was with her wrist cuffs together behind her back they made her stand in the center of the chamber. A rope was lowered from the beam above and fixed to her wrists. Then she was slowly raised. Her sore shoulders were once again put under strain as her arms were lifted higher and higher. At last, her body was too lifted from the floor, causing her incredible agony. Her weight was no longer supported by her tortured feet, but instead it was hanging from her swollen and twisted shoulders. 



"I have been told that you know where the rebels are hiding in the forest. If you agree to tell me then this will be over" 



He went to the wall and from it grabbed a long bullwhip, he made some warming up moves before making it fall on the displayed buttocks. Making her swing with the energy of the blow. The combined agony from the lash and the swinging from her shoulders made her whimper. Then a little higher, on the small of her back. He then gave the girl some sideways blows that turned around and landed on her abdomen. He then aimed a little higher, the blows landing squarely on her back, and the sideways ones hitting the flesh of her breasts. Then lower again, returning to her exposed ass. Each lash made her squeal and yelp and jerk. However, Aurelia was now more confident. She had resisted the previous torture session without getting a new hole in her tag and she was decided to repeat this feat. 



He changed whip, this time choosing one with several tails, each one ending in small morning stars. He walked around her so the girl could have a good view of the device. Aurelia was in a haze of pain. Her eyes were burning with the sweat that was dribbling in them. She barely reacted at the sight of the cruel whip. 



He swung it a few times without hitting her, enjoying her reactions to a blow that never came. And then the blow finally landed, piercing the skin and leaving hematomes. Again he covered all her torso with it, up and down, front and back. Aurelia was jerking and spinning at the end of the rope. 



He then showed the girl the next device in the escalation of torments, this one in addition to the morning stars had some tiny hooks, that would rip some flesh when pulled back. 



"What do you have to say?". 



Aurelia forced her eyes to open. She had a weak grin before closing them again. 



He gave her a blow with the whip just to erase that grin from her face, but lashing her did not seem to get anywhere. He raised her a little more, her feet about 50 cm from the floor and fixed the rope in place. Then he grabbed the rope and leaning his weight on it she was lifted and additional meter, he then let the rope go, letting her fall down to be stopped abruptly in mid air, her twisted shoulders receiving most of the blow. 



Her weakened shoulders dislocated and she screamed in terrible pain. She was jerking at the end of the rope, her arms stretched vertically above her. The agony was intense. She was swinging, she was moaning, calling for the relief of passing out. 



But no relief was coming her way, as the rope was lifted again. And released! To better distribute the energy of the fall and not cause irreparable damage to her shoulders, the man grabbed her left ankle, and pulling it behind her it was fixed to the shackles of her wrists. The other ankle joined its companion in a similar way. Aurelia was now arched backwards, her stretched belly facing downwards. This caused some pain in her spine. She tried to lift her belly to get some relief but her weakened muscles refused to work. She had to remain in that position, sobbing softly. 



Then she was lifted again, this time a little higher, and dropped. The pain that exploded in her spine made her fear that her back had been broken but she quickly realised that it was not the case. She grimaced as she tried to recover from the shock, her grotesquely bulbous breasts heaving fast under her chest. 



He left her hanging like that for a while, while a D-level girl was called into the chamber, to give the man oral pleasure while he waited for the position to start mining Aurelia's willpower. She was moaning softly. Her shoulders were burning and her spine was aching. The skin of her hollow belly was taut and her ribs were well marked under her skin. 



He tied a rope around her waist, and then added a heavy rock to it, letting it swing. The new weight added to her agony and she moaned. The rope was sawing into her waist. She was sweating profusely and gritting her teeth. Then Aurelia's body was lifted again slowly, he waited a few seconds for the fear to build up before letting go. 





He left her like that for a while, not wanting the session to be interrupted with a fainting too soon. Instead he walked around the bent body, inspecting the several wounds and bruises, his hand traveled between her legs. Aurelia could not suppress a shiver as she felt the touch on her vulva. Then he went up towards her chest, where he started massaging her breasts. Gently touching the nipples. Of course the intent was not to give her pleasure, but to have them long and ready for the next device. 



It consisted of a small pincer, and below it was a metal basket. The pincer was closed around the left nipple and pushed until it snapped fixed in place. The same treatment was repeated for the other side. After that he started rubbing some grease on the barely recognizable breasts. Aurelia grimaced as the pain propagated from her nipples to her throbbing, humongous breasts. The twin baskets were a perfect place to put a pair of small lit candles. The small flames slowly warming the tip of the pincers, and also could be felt on her aureoles and center of her breasts. Slowly the heat sensation increased, but the grease worked as a protection for the skin, allowing for the prolonged use of the flame without the risk of burning out the nerve endings of that area of her body. As the heat increased, so the pain was getting more difficult to bear. Aurelia began to shake her breasts. This revived the pain in her arched spine and in her pierced breasts, but saved her nipples from more burning. At least until the flame was coming back under her stretched and flattened beads of sensitive feminine flesh. 



Blisters began to form on her aureole. With the tremendous agony she was already feeling in her breasts, the added pain was not that difficult, but the idea of having her skin marked by fire was disturbing her. 



With a brush he started adding more fat to the breasts, so they could last longer under the small flame. 



A metal bar about 50 cm. long was then shackled between her knees, spreading her legs, and somehow increasing the tension on her back. The brush was brought forward again, to cover her displayed vulva with the grease. He then tied her hair behind her neck in a ponytail. Aurelia felt her blood freezing as he yanked on her long hair and braided it brutally. Each yank reverberated in her scalp and brought moans to her lips. She began to tremble. Her hair was maybe the last remnant of her former life and now it was under fierce treatment too. 



The man attached a long thin chain to the ponytail. It was no regular chain: between each link there were tiny pieces of metal in the form of a sharp-edged star. The chain was pulled back, under the point where her limbs joined, and all along her back, where it reached her butt crack and there it passed between her legs to hang just below her crotch. He pulled hard on the chain, forcing her to strain her neck backward, extracting new yelps from Aurelia's throat. In the process, one of the star-shaped links caught itself into her left nether lip and pulled it down, stretching it for three centimetres before it detached itself from the sensitive flesh. This involuntary predicament made her heart to miss a beat. At the end of the chain, at the appropriate height, he attached another metal basket to the thin chain links. In that basked another small candle was placed. If she tired and dropped her head, the flame would be raised closer to her crotch. And not only the direct flame was the worry, the chain would scratch along her pudenda, and links closer to the basket would be hotter. 



Aurelia was now in a terrible predicament. She felt flames licking her nipples and heat threatening her crotch. The muscles of her neck were straining and cramping as she forced her head into this unnatural position. Nothing was holding it there but her own will, and of course the intense heat she felt on her crotch whenever her neck tired and her hair pulled on the chain. The chain itself was sawing cruelly the crack of her butt, her gaping anus and her vulva. This was a very cruel torture as she was actually the one torturing herself. She was sweating profusely and her face was grimacing from the pain and exhaustion. Still, in spite of all these agonies, what was making her mind to churn with scare, was the fear that her magnificent auburn mane could be destroyed. It took about one hour for the small candles to consume themselves completely. During that time he reapplied the grease several times.&nbsp; 



Then she was lowered to the floor. This was not done with a gentle movement, but he took the opportunity to give her several yanks on the rope on her way down. The jerks added to her plight and she had the impression that her spine was about to break. She could not help her head from moving, thus sawing the sharp chain between her buttocks. 



He then removed the baskets from her nipples by opening the pincers a little and then pulling them out. The long chain was untied from her hair and pulled between her legs, he nonetheless left the hair tied in a ponytail.





The man left the victim face down on the floor with all four limbs joined together behind her back while he prepared the next horror. He worked behind her back so she could not see, only the smell of fire gave her a&nbsp; hint about what was in store. She was left there for about an hour, the day was still young and he wanted her strong enough to appreciate his ministrations. She welcome this relief. The floor was hard and cold under her naked belly, and she was painfully resting on her hugely engrossed breasts, but she was nevertheless able to gather some energy during this period. 



Finally she was dragged to another part of the chamber and he gave her a time to contemplate her fate. In front of Aurelia was a big heavy iron wheel. Its shape resembled one of those seen on watermills, but it was where the similarities ended, for this wheel had tiny metal spikes along its circumference, and instead of being in a river, it was placed a few centimetres above a&nbsp; bed of coals. 



Her limbs were unfastened and he pulled her arms over her head and shackled them to rings set on the rim of the wheel. The wheel was turned upwards, pulling her up, making her back rest against the spiked surface. He then shackled her ankles to another pair of rings, pulling on them to make sure she was completely stretched on the circumference of the wheel. This caused the spikes to penetrate her skin, while her back was once again arched backwards. At least some relief came when he used a key to set loose the straps of the sandals and removed them, her soles a collection of red spots. A bucket of water was emptied over her face, making her hair wet so that it would not catch fire, at least not too soon. Then he applied a very generous amount of fat all over her naked body. 



"Each turn you will have a time to confess, if you refuse, then I'll give the wheel a slow rotation until we return to the starting position". 



To give her a taste of what it would be like, he started moving the wheel. First her feet disappeared under the wheel, then her ankles and lower legs. As soon as her feet felt the heat, she began to wiggle them frantically while shaking her head and screaming high-pitched screeches. The first few seconds during which her soles were facing the coals brought the most frantic jerking as she was fearing her feet would be so much burnt she would never be able to walk on them. The time each part of her body was over the heat was not enough to cause severe damage, but more than enough to be felt in the very depths of every inch of skin. 



Slowly the wheel turned, when reaching her pubic area it surely felt as if the needle that had her clitoris so distended and sensitive was heating faster than the rest of her body. An awful smell invaded the area as the few pubic hair that had grown in the past weeks since Aurelia was at D level started to disappear again. 



The most prominent part of her body was her breasts. Not only for how nature had blessed her but also for the severe punishments suffered in the past days that had left them swollen and elongated. That was the part that passed closest to the coals, where the heat was the greatest. The pain was terrible and blisters began to appear on her aureole before every other place on her body. It felt as if the fat inside her bulbous boobs was actually boiling. Her breasts seemed to swell some more. But in spite of the intense pain, Aurelia felt strangely relieved that her feet were now going up, away from the heat. 



Some smoke came to her face as drops of water fell on the coals. She was glad that her ponytails was safely protected behind her back, lest it would have taken fire. 



Finally the first turn of the wheel was complete, one of many more to come. But he was not done yet, there were more cruelties to be added. A small tray, also with red hot coals, was placed inside the wheel on a support designed for this just above the axis. Thus the spiked metal plates her backside was resting on would also gradually become hotter and hotter. The times were she was on top of the wheel would not bring any respite. They would only be times where she would be slowly roasted on a different area of her body. 



She saw the ceiling and then wall of the chamber pass before her eyes as another turn started. 



After that turn he decided to add a little more agony before exhaustion made her unconscious. 



Dried thorny branches were coiled around her feet wrapping them, some interwoven between her toes. When both feet were appropriately covered, he grabbed some wet bandages and put them on her feet, covering the branches tightly against her skin, giving each several turns covering her feet from toe to ankle. She screeched as thorns were pressed into the soft skin under her heels. 



It was time for the next turn of the wheel, this time he let her feet linger over the coals, the heat drying the pieces of cloth. As the movement of the wheel continued the thorns started to go deeper inside her feet as the cloth started to slowly shrink. This caused more piercing shrieks as the spines got deeper into the flesh of her heels. She could almost feel them grinding against her very heel bones. 



After each turn he reapplied the fat to her body, to distribute the heat all over her naked body. The shrinking of the fabric compressing her feet continued unrelenting. The thorns were deep inside them by now, and it started to feel as if they were in a vise, but no vise could press from every direction as the bandages could. 



Still the wheel turned round and round, with some short pauses where she lied on her back over the other smaller fire. 



The clothes were by now completely dry, and were reduced to about half their original length, but the torment could still get worse, after many times over the&nbsp; coals, they finally caught fire. Her feet were suddenly enveloped by raging flames. The fire was licking her skin, making blisters to form. Her down-turned soles were the most affected as they were facing the coal bed under the wheel. They got heavily burnt, causing inhuman fear and agony. All her muscles clenched tight as she struggled with all her might, causing the wheel to squeal and groan under her efforts. 



"STOOOOOP! I'll tell you everything, but please stop that!!!!!" she screamed to the top of her lungs. 



The man then calmly went to the table and grabbed the hole punching device and added another hole in her tag. Then, with no hurry, he went to fill a bucket with water and emptied it on the girl's feet. By that time most of the cloth had already been consumed and fell down, revealing her horribly burned soles. Walking would be out of question for her for the next couple of days. He then removed the tray of coals from inside the wheel and left her lying there on her back, the metal slowly cooling off. Aurelia was sobbing, terrified by the cruelty of the torturers and by her fate that was closing on on her much faster than she would have imagined. 



She was later taken back to the pit by a pair of guards. Unable to stand on her feet, she was dragged all the way before being dropped into the pit. The smelly dirty water of the bottom of the pit cooled somewhat her severe burns. She was left there for a whole day. With the number of holes in her tag, those "rest" days would be very uncommon, and she would not be left to rest for more than a day at a time. Also it seemed that her guardians put her in worse places when there was more time. Half a day in a lone cell seemed better than one and a half in the ugly, crowded pit. Her companions seemed to enjoy to have such a lowly girl with them. They were taking their revenge from the terrible tortures they were too subjected to.









﻿The Sentence
Five days had passed, it seemed so long since the last time Aurelia had been pain-free for more than a few hours. She was well fed also. Of course there were parts of her body that would never heal. Needles were still embedded in several parts of her body, but at least the swelling had gone down. But this would not last for long. Aurelia was sobbing about her grim fate, when the door to her cell was opened and two men took her out for a final trip to the torture rooms. The room they entered was decorated like an old courtroom, with a throne where Lady Jessica dominated the area, along with several other A members. There was a row of B members, all of them with their collars full of golden studs. 
"One thing dies so that other can be born, where the waste is disposed of a new flower blooms"
 
"We are here to sentence to death Z-6534, who has failed on every occasion to obey the rules that are needed in every society."
 
"Her sentence will be carried out by the members requesting a promotion. Each will be tasked with punishing this worthless piece of flesh for a whole session. Each session will have a time limit of fourteen hours. The prisoner must be alive at the end of it."
 
"We, the members of the jury, will decide if each session is worth of a promotion to the A level by the creativity and ingenuity shown in punishing those that are a disgrace to have been called members of the Society".
 
"And regarding you" she said looking at Aurelia, "Never had I seen someone reach this point in so little time. You truly are the worst thing that has ever crossed the gates into the Manor in the whole history of the Society. Thus I also hope that your punishment becomes legendary. And if it took you such a short time to earn this death sentence, it will be carried away in the longest time in the history of this Society".
 
"If the recording equipment is ready, may the first executor start with the sentence".
 
Aurelia was devastated. Of course, when she was dragged from her cell she knew exactly what was going to happen, but now that the sentence had been announced, it struck with her cruelty. It was strange that, during the last days, she had been calling death so many times, and now that it was at hand, she felt so depressed and terrified. But she knew that her death was not really what the members of the Society wanted to get. Quite the contrary. They wanted her to survive for as long as possible while getting ever closer to the limits of human agony and anguish. From all the possible fates, it was the worst. How desperately she was now aspiring at her former life. She had been a future-less human debris, but now her situation was such that her only hope would be death, a hope that would be kept just out of her fingers for countless, horrible hours. Only a mistake from one of the torturers would put an end to her miserable life, and if the golden studs aligned on their collars could be taken as proofs, they rarely made any mistake. 
First Session: Stretching
The first session was in charge of a man, an apprentice to the one that designed interrogation devices for sale to governments that did not care for human rights. It was to the metal skeleton frame that Aurelia was attached again, the one where she had remained silent. She was on for a rematch, but this time she could not do anything to stop the pain.
 
Aurelia was forming an horizontal X firmly attached to the machine. The leather straps were placed at the thighs and shoulders, some other above and below the elbows. Another pair was placed under her knees, and finally at her wrists and ankles. Slowly, the man operated the machine. The limbs separated in four different directions, pulling form the first sections; the ones near her torso. No doubt the intention was to slowly pull the limbs out of their sockets. The pull increased considerably, but the design of the bondage preserved her torso from any harm with the straps at crotch and shoulders.
 
After a long while, almost inaudible among her loud screams, the first sound of shoulder dislocation could be heard, soon followed by another.
 
The legs took a lot longer. Meanwhile, the man fixed the first section of the bar holding her upper limbs in place, but the pull of the extremes continued. The tension now concentrated on her elbows, the upper arm held in place while the lower part was slowly stretched. The loud sound of the hips coming out of their sockets sounded all over the chamber and was captured by the microphones and cameras that were filming the process for the pleasure of the members that would watch Aurelia's plight again and again.
 
The next joint to suffer the consequences of the stretching were the elbows. The machine was now pulling her arms held only together by tendons and nerves. The man stopped the pulling on the upper limbs for the moment, and instead concentrated on her legs, which by now were swelling as the bones tried to separate.
 
The clock on the wall was slowly ticking. It showed that only four hours had passed so far. Aurelia was given a big bottle of sweetened water so she would not dehydrate and pass out, as her heavy perspiration had made her lose quite a lot of liquid.
 
Next, in an act of cruelty, the other members of the Society would no doubt appreciate, the machine was turned on again, this time only her hands and feet were pulled, leaving the arms and legs in place. This put the tension directly on her ankles and wrist bones. She was left there for another hour, but it was not an act of mercy; it was so he could prepare the next stage of her torment.
 
Four devices were fixed to the extremes of the frame, each of these had five rings that could be adjusted with a screw. The rings were fixed with a thick wire to small windlasses on the frame.
 
The camera made a close-up of her left hand, as each ring was placed on each finger and the screws were turned to close it tightly, so much that her phalanges felt as if they were going to crack. The same happened to the other hand, and to her feet too, where each toe also had a ring placed on it. Now the fun began. By operating a keyboard next to the machine, the man could increase the tension on each toe and finger individually, and he did that in a seemingly random fashion, but carefully, the machine had a monitor where the tension on each part of the frame was displayed.
 
In the ancient times there was a punishment of hanging a person by the thumbs. If someone subjected to that torture found it severe he would not want to feel what Aurelia was feeling right now. After all fingers and toes were pulled to the maximum allowed length, she was given some rest, marking the middle of the session. They wanted to make sure her muscles would get used to the stretching before pulling her further.
 
Aurelia could see through her tears the spectators returning to the chamber to witness the next part of the session. The machine was activated again, increasing again the tension on her upper arms and thighs, already dislocated, the machine was pulling further on her tendons and nerves, the pain raising to incredible levels as she felt as if they would rip off her bones. That section stopped and the one pulling on the next joints started, separating her elbows and knees further apart. Every joint from her toes to the point of her fingers were sending insistent pain signals to her brain The process ended after one hour, and she was left another hour to adjust to her sufferings.
 
The monitors that measured the safe tension on each joint had reached the yellow level. That meant she could still be pulled further without risking her life or limbs, and so the torturer gave another level of tension to each part, then an extra one to the ones in the toes and fingers, whose level had not yet reached the red zone. For the rest of the session, he very slowly and with long pauses increased the force on each joint individually where the sensors in the machine showed it was possible. At last he left her alone, admiring his work as some of the other members started leaving the chamber, no doubt eager to see what the following day would bring.
 
Nothing more was done to her body until the clock marked the end of the session. Of course that was not an effect of his mercy. There was not even one&nbsp; second that brought the least relief to her suffering, as her uninterrupted hoarse screaming was giving ample proof. Aurelia's body was now strangely taller. Her limbs were longer, giving to her frame bizarre proportions. Her skin was covered with a thick layer of perspiration, as if her stretching was pressing every drop of water out of her pores. Her mad eyes were rolling and starring at the ceiling, coursed with red veins. Blue veins could be seen throbbing all over her stretched, knotted muscles. In this extreme tension, breathing was both painful and difficult. She had to fight the over-stretching of her diaphragm for each breathe, which were shallow at best.
The end of the first session did not mean the end of her agonies. As the machine very slowly reduced the tension and a doctor made sure to put every limb back into place. She was lowered from the machine and laid on the floor, chained to the way nearby. As if she would be able to move herself by even an inch. Over the course of the night severe swelling happened at her nearly torn-off joints.
She was still in severe pain the next morning, when men and women started to occupy the seats around the chamber. No doubt some had even scheduled vacations in order to witness the several days of torment to be delivered to the pain-filled body at the center of the stage. Even with all that had happened during the previous days, she still seemed very healthy,&nbsp; and able to endure much more.
Second Session: The Concert
Aurelia was fixed in the same frame again, her arms to her sides, and her legs straight as if on a cross. On the press of a button, the legs of the machine starting to bend, spread and raise, leaving her legs as if she was seated in a gyno chair. That position was so useful for the purpose of the machine that there was a button programmed just for it.
 
Then a man in a tuxedo entered the stage and bowed to the public. It all seemed so out of place, so surreal that the girl thought she was dreaming. He approached Aurelia, set a small table besides her and put several wires, some ending in crocodile clips, other in needles and other in huge metal cylinders. The table was pushed between her legs, and the machine operated so her crotch was at a comfortable level.
 
All in all there were 40 different wires. The first one was attached to a metal stick the size of a pencil, and shoved up her urethra that had been held open until now by the tube and valve. Four were attached using crocodile pincers along her labia.
 
One of the cylinders, with four wires coming from it was covered with conductive gel and pushed into her vagina. The shaft was so long that it forced its way through her cervix until it hit the top of her womb. He got another such electrode, everyone in the room knew where it would go, but the knowledge did not make it any easier for the suffering woman on the frame as it was pushed past her sphincter. At last, a big strong-jawed clip was closed around her exposed clitoris, crushing it against the barbed needle still going deep inside her feminine spot. He finally placed a clear plastic piece covering her genitals, to ensure everything remained in place.
 
For the next group of wires he got two plastic cups, each with five small orifices in them. He got five wires ending in a needle. One of them had a longer needle and it was placed in the very center of the cup, pointing inwards. The other were placed evenly around the middle circumference of the cups. and all were fixed in place with some rubber discs. He did the same with another cup, and joined them together with a pair of strong leather straps.
 
The man placed them over the swollen breasts of the immobilized beauty and pushed hard, piercing the breasts in several places, the ones in the center penetrating the nipples with their long needles. The leather straps where fixed around her to the mechanical frame and pulled tight, constricting her breathing and pushing the needles deeper.
 
There were still many more wires to attach. The setup was taking quite some time. At least that meant less time of pain for Aurelia, but each addition made her anguish grow, knowing that even a minute would be unbearable, let alone hours of this.
 
He went around her, forcing her mouth open to place a ring gag. There were metal bits in her molars already in place so he used them to place four more wires at the four corners of her oral cavity, ready to directly stimulate the extra sensitive tooth nerves. Another wire was placed there, this one also attached to a long needle, and used to pierce her tongue form top to bottom and stick it outside her mouth. Another clear plastic piece, this one surrounded by rubber, was placed over the open mouth, sealing it with a strap going around her head. Two more wires, these ones ending in metal hooks, were placed in her ears, as some kind of hellish earrings.
 
Only ten more wires left. But that was not of any consolation to Aurelia as all of them had a nasty barbed needle attached to them. Their target were her swollen and purple joints, that has received so much pain in the previous day. Two long needles were pushed into each of her shoulders, piercing the flesh where dislocation had occurred. Two went into her elbows and two more into her knees. Another pair was pushed slowly into each wrist. The needles were in direct contact with the nerves of her arms and legs. Finally, completing the procedure, the two remaining electrodes were pushed deep inside her heels.
 
The man then calmly went off the stage and returned pushing a small cart, carrying a machine that looked oddly like an equalizer. On top of it was a keyboard, a simple ordinary musical keyboard, but with a MIDI connector that might have been designed in hell. All forty wires were attached to the machine, it was a modified amplifier, a pain amplifier as Aurelia would soon find out.
 
The man switched everything on, bowed again to the public, placed a music sheet over the keyboard, and started the concert. Each key of the keyboard went to the amplifier and activated and electrical circuit between two spots on her body. The machine was programmed to avoid short circuits, and also to avoid any current path that would travel near the heart.
 
With an odd sense of humor he started with Bach's Toccata e Fugga. Surely that piece would go well with muffled female screams that could barely be audible over the gag. The intensity of the music going hand in hand with the intensity of the current, a pianissimo was not so painful than a forte. Each crescendo would be followed by the squirming and twitching muscles.
 
The electrodes deep inside Aurelia's womb and rectum consisted of four isolated sections, that meant that there were several combinations for the current to travel, from the rim of her vagina to the deepest part of her womb, or go through the sensitive membranes separating it from the anal electrodes.
 
The music, accompanied by the screams, went on and on. He tried slow and fast songs, and even invited some members of the public to take part in her agony. Her limbs, unable to move because of the previous day stretching, took a new life as the muscles were moving by themselves, hurting like hell.
 
After several hours of playing, with small pauses to catch his breath, the cruel musician stood in front of the crowd and bowed, welcomed by a standing ovation. Then, like a director presenting his musicians, he pointed at Aurelia, as the people on the stage both applauded and laughed at her plight.
Third Session: The coffin
All the torment received in the last few days had taken their toll on Aurelia's health, but the unlucky woman still had a long way to go before the embrace of death would bring her misery to an end.
 
Her mangled limbs offered no resistance as she was made to lie down on what looked like a clear glass coffin. Strong leather straps held her flat on the inside from forehead to ankles. The shape was not exactly of a coffin. It was wider from the middle down, and so her knees were held separated, spreading her crotch for more torments that would surely target her femininity.
 
Several inflatable rubber rings were placed all over her body, one just above her shoulders, one just under her breasts, another just over her pubis, a pair at her spread knees and another pair at her ankles. Thick plastic crosspieces were fixed to the walls of the coffin where those rubber pieces were located, each with a different indentation where the appropriate part of her body would fit. The men in charge of the preparation started inflating the rubber pieces, effectively sealing the space between her body and the plastic walls and creating several independent compartments, each containing a different part of her body.
 
Then they placed the cover of the coffin, also made out of clear glass, so that no part of her body was hidden from view. Several tiny cameras had been wired on the inside of the cover to broadcast a closeup of the action that would soon take place inside each compartment.
 
Then came a woman, accompanied by a man whom Aurelia had seen before. He was the one with a preference for using animals to torment his victims. Behind them followed a cart carrying several cages and jars.
 
Each section of the cover had an individual lid that could be opened to open each section of the coffin to the crawl of a different creature. The woman in charge of today's procedures asked for a screen to be placed near the top of the coffin, so the terrified Aurelie could benefit from an impregnable sight of each part of her body soon to be tortured. She started by opening the foot section of the coffin. That last cross-piece could also be removed, leaving Aurelia's feet hanging in the air while the next section was sealed by the rubber and plastic wall fixed to her ankles.
 
Aurelia could feel some cold and greasy substance being rubbed on her soles. She then felt something wet, but also rough, like sandpaper, being applied to them. On the overhead screen she could see that a pair of goats had been tied next to the bottom of the coffin, and were busy licking the salty lard with with her feet had been covered.
 
Then the beast-master woman opened the lid of the section encasing her legs from ankle to knee, and placed a bunch of small hungry rodents. Letting her enjoy the fear and pain before moving to the next target.
 
She opened the lid of the crotch section, but did not place anything inside yet. That area had to be prepared first. With a brush, she smeared honey all over her genitals, even pushing the brush deep inside her vagina several times. Also, she pushed a honey-covered finger inside her anus and moved it from side to side to cover the largest area possible. Only then was a big jar full of red ants emptied inside and the lid closed.
 
In the next section, the one covering her abdomen and her hands restrained at her sides, she inserted a hose and started to fill it with water. The perfect sealing provided by the inflatable rubber parts made sure not a drop would get into the neighbouring compartments. When the section was almost full of water, the sadistic woman placed several jellyfish inside, along with an electric eel.
 
Some time had passed and still there were two sections remaining, the breast section and the top one encasing her screaming face.
For the breast section, she used a bucket full of crabs. They immediately started to pinch her flesh in order to climb higher, only to be pushed and pulled down by the other fighting crabs. Her proud boobs formed a battling ground for several strong pincers. The animals in the water-filled compartment noticed the cards and reacted with their defense mechanics, bringing more misery to the poor girl.
 
"And now, I will give her a reason to stop screaming" the woman said.
 
More honey was used liberally all over her face and a box full of bees was placed over the lid of the last section and locked in place.
 
Aurelia had a hard time trying to get in terms to all the different painful sensations she was subjected to. At some point, some of the compartments were emptied, often with the use of a vacuum cleaner, only to be filled again with worse things. So her heavily lacerated soles had now to suffer the itching sensation causes by centipedes and caterpillars. Her bitten legs were now being constricted by several snakes. Her breast had to suffer the itching and venomous bites of big hairy spiders, projected on the screen in full size to the horrified eyes of the Aurelia, who could barely open them with the great number of bee stings she had suffered. Currently, the bees had been replaced by flies that were buzzing sound in her ears, and by cockroaches that gave her an incentive to keep her mouth closed despite all the suffering.
 
But the climax of the show was yet to be enacted in the middle section. Two animals would bring terror and agony to the sentenced girl. One was a rat, the other a snake. Both predator and prey were placed inside the clear space where her crotch was encased. The scared rat was frantically and desperately searching for a hiding place.
 
The camera focused on what would be the most requested video for a long time. The scared animal with tiny claws pushed itself deep into Aurelia's vagina, until even its tail had disappeared. It was soon followed by the large python wanting to eat it. The small rat was digging as far as it could while the big snake was trying to force itself into the narrow tunnel of flesh, turning and twisting its body frantically.
 
The battle ended soon, but not soon enough for the suffering girl. The snake extricated itself and went to a corner of the compartment to digest the meal, leaving Aurelia's vagina gaping wide and bleeding. Several parts of her body had swollen from the different venom that had been inoculated into her. Some antidotes were given to her to help her body defend itself and keep it able to endure more. The critters that had been killed by her struggles were replaced. The session kept going for for a very long time.
 
In the end, all the creatures were removed from the coffin and more injections were applied to her body, so she would be ready for the next part of her sentence, on the next day.



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  darknessmoner and Aurelie Catena(no email) 


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





