BDSM Library - Accidental Whore




Accidental Whore
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: 






Accidental Whore
A work of fantasy by Wolf Ferret 
Dear Diary,
My name is Linda. I&#8217;m 24, have a BA in English Lit and am currently unemployed. I&#8217;m starting a diary out of sheer boredom. Let&#8217;s begin with a description.
5&#8217;4", 130 pounds, shoulder length blond hair, brown eyes, a 33-25-34 body that my lovers have said is very sexy. I lost my virginity the first year of university and have had about 10 lovers since then. I rarely have casual one-night stands &#8211; I&#8217;ll date a man 2 or 3 times before I bed him and then I expect to keep on with him for six months before we break up. Most of my lovers have enjoyed my thick bush so I&#8217;ve never considered shaving it.
Men say I give a good ride and I seem to have orgasms about every third fuck so I must be good at sex. I don&#8217;t do anything exotic &#8211; mostly missionary position and give an occasional blowjob but no anal sex or group sex or orgies. 
Hmm, perhaps nude dancing counts as exotic. One of my boyfriends took me to a strip show some years ago. I enjoyed it and did some web surfing. Would you believe that Amazon sells DVDs that teach strip tease dancing and belly dancing?
I practiced for weeks in front of a mirror before I tried it on that boy friend. He loved it! Now I dance for every lover after we&#8217;ve been to bed several times. None of them have ever complained! &lt;G&gt;
Monday 
Someone gave me a copy of the City Weekly Advertiser. There is a paragraph on the front page that they are looking for a trainee reporter. No newspaper experience necessary. It&#8217;s a strange paper that comes out weekly. Half of it is gossip and stories involving sex and the other half is ads. Most of the ads seem to be strip clubs with pictures of almost naked women and escort agencies with even more explicit pictures. There are also lots of short ads about hot Asian girls at massage parlours with phone number but no address and the girls make home visits. Massage? HA HA! Pull the other leg!
It certainly wouldn&#8217;t be my dream job but I&#8217;ve just paid the rent with the last of my savings. I have to get money somehow! And don&#8217;t tell me a pretty girl can always make money.
I called the Advertiser. I&#8217;ve got an appointment to see the editor at 4PM tomorrow.
Tuesday
Spent some time thinking about how to dress for the job interview. Should I dress like a university student with jeans and a sweater, an office worker with conservative skirt and a blouse and jacket or go for the whore look? I normally wouldn&#8217;t dress in an above the knee skirt and 4 inch heels but considering the contents of the paper maybe it would make sense.
Decided to gamble with whore look. A white blouse that was thin enough to show a frilly bra through it. I paired that with a black skirt with the hem about 3 inches above the knees, lacy black panties that might show if I held my legs carelessly and 4-inch heels. It felt like a "come as a whore" costume party at my sorority house.
The office was very small. The only people there were a secretary and the editor. The secretary is Ann and she was dressed conservatively, wore glasses and seemed to be about 30. The editor is Tom who looks about 45, is overweight and is loosing his hair. He was in slacks, a sport jacket and a sport shirt with no tie. I would have said terrible taste in clothes except that my own costume was nothing to brag about.
We talked about the job. Basically the paper is an outlet for the sex industry. One page a week is given to write ups of a strip club or escort agency that by a strange coincidence has a full-page ad next to the write up. My job would be to visit the places that take small classified ads, convince them to take a full-page and write the report. Lying my head off as necessary to make it sound good.
Not what I want but the pay will cover my rent and the gas and maintenance for my car can go on an expense account. So I accepted but will quit as soon as I find something better.
Tom suggested dinner at a pizza parlour in the red-light district (a possible advertiser), followed by some drinks in a topless bar (another possible advertiser) and finish off with a visit to a strip club that is buying the advertisement in the next issue and has to be written up. Certainly a strange first date but makes sense given the business.
The pizza parlour was near a run down hotel called the Hotel Essex. Tom said the rooms rented by the hour and it was a busy place. This will be an educational job!
Pizza surprisingly good but most of the customers were male. Probably attracted by the waitresses who were pretty young women in skimpy bikinis. The men tipped them by tucking dollar or 5-dollar bills into the waistband of their panties. Lots of opportunity to cop a feel! Tom said most of the waitresses were university students who liked the wide choice of hours and thought the tips made good tax-free income. He pointed out that some of the waitresses were wearing rings on their ring fingers and others weren&#8217;t. No ring meant the girl would consider an hour at Hotel Essex after work &#8211; price negotiable! 
I was reminded of my time at university. There were always rumours that some unnamed girls were turning tricks. I suppose that given 10,000 young women on campus, it would be reasonable to assume some were fucking for money.
The topless bar was a block away. The beer was poor and high priced but the salty potato chips, corn chips and peanuts were free. The waitresses were indeed topless and were tipped the same way as the ones at the pizza parlour. They took turns standing on a stage doing erotic dancing. Occasionally the men at a table would make a deal with a waitress, she&#8217;d get on the table, take off her bottom and dance for them stark naked. The tips for that were 10 and 20-dollar bills! I noticed that very few of the waitresses wore rings and drew my own conclusion!
We finished at the strip club. Noisy and crowded but the professional dancers were very good. There were 2 dancers, an intermission, and 2 more dancers. Then they announced an amateur hour. The contestants were required to start with their street clothes and strip down to nothing except their panties. The winner to be chosen by audience applause and would get $500 in cash. She had the option of stripping naked after being selected as the winner, in which case the prize would be $800. Tom asked if I&#8217;d volunteer &#8211; he said I could write an "interview" about how it felt to strip in front of a room full of men.
Well, they weren&#8217;t giving out the names and addresses of the dancers and I knew I could dance, so what the heck, $500 would be handy. There were 5 of us and we drew for position. I was third. The first was fair but clumsy and inexperienced in stripping. The second was almost professional but I thought I could beat her.
Then it was my turn. I did a slow sensuous strip keeping time to the music and my bra came off only a few seconds before the end of the music. Keep them waiting and yelling " Take it off" to build the suspense. I got lots of applause and cheers.
The last two were no better than the first and I won! That was an easy $500 in cash. The announcer explained that I&#8217;d get another $300 if I&#8217;d take off my panties and let the audience see me stark naked. I did it &#8211; a bit embarrassing but all they could do was look. &lt;G&gt;
Then the announcer gave me a G-string to tie around my waist. He asked if I wanted to walk around the floor letting the customers tuck tips under the string? It was my choice but I could keep the tips. I hesitated for a minute &#8211; I remembered how the tipping at the pizza parlour and topless bar had involved lots of groping &#8211; but what the heck, they couldn&#8217;t do anything but feel. 
I walked around slowly but sensuously with lots of hip movement. It was very educational &#8211; I never knew my nipples were at waist level. How did tucking a $50 note under a string around my waist result in fingers pinching my nipples? Very unpleasant but I ended up with $900 in tips. That made $1700 for an hour&#8217;s work!
Tom told me there were several other joints with amateur hours and I might be able to repeat the night but the whole point &#8211; the thrill for the audience &#8211; was the amateur part. So once I became know, the strip joints wouldn&#8217;t allow me to compete.
Wednesday
Went to work at noon. I needed the sleep in since I didn&#8217;t get home until 2AM. Tom said to be prepared for irregular hours and to wear jeans and walking shoes. Ann gave me an old laptop and a desk in a very small office. My first job was to write a review of the strip club. Ann gave me some old reviews to serve as models.
That went OK but then Tom asked me to write an interview with "April" who won the amateur strip competition. He made me get personal. Why is standing on a stage in bra and panties more embarrassing then wearing a bikini at the beach? What does it feel like to take off your panties in front of a room full of men? How does it feel to be groped by strangers? It was a very intimate and revealing interview with "April". I hope I don&#8217;t have to do that sort of thing often.
Thursday and Friday
Both days were similar. Ann gave me a list of names and addresses, an id badge and a code phrase. I went around to each address, showed the badge and spoke the phrase and each person gave me a sealed envelope to take back to the office.
Monday
DAMN! I&#8217;ve been trapped! &lt;Sob&gt;
Ann reminded me that my job application included name and address of my nearest relatives. That was my mother and father. Then she played a DVD &#8211; it was me stripping stark naked and walking around! The part where one man was fondling my breast while another man was running his fingers through my bush while I smiled was particularly embarrassing. It was also a fake; they had edited the action to look worse than it was. Tom came in during the show and laughed at my rage. He ORDERED me to strip naked, get down on my knees and give him a blowjob. That&#8217;s right &#8211; an order, not a request. The two of them made it clear that my parents would get the DVD unless I did it. Ann stayed and watched and made a video of my performance. She said the men who owned the newspaper would get copies and expect my services. 
I said I was quitting and would go to the police and complain about attempted rape and blackmail. Ann snickered and showed me pictures of me collecting the envelopes. Going to the police would be a bad idea since I was getting money from known drug dealers and brothel owners!
I covered my face and started crying. I was still naked and Ann told me to stand up straight, spread my legs and put my hands behind my neck or she would call a couple of pimps and have them beat me. She kept me standing like that for several hours.
She finally let me dress and ordered me to go to a party tomorrow night. She said it would be educational and I should be prepared to do a strip tease.
Tuesday
I&#8217;m really frightened. What have I gotten into? I decided not to go to the office today and Ann called up in the afternoon reminding me of the party and DVD. I told her "publish and be damned" &#8211; my parents won&#8217;t like the DVD but will forgive me. So she threatened to send the pimps around to beat me. I said I&#8217;d go to the party.
Wednesday
The party was horrible. There were about 20 people including Ann and Tom. Ann was dressed in leather bondage gear and had a leather flogger hanging from her belt. The center of attraction was a young woman displayed bound and naked in the middle of the room.
Her wrists were tied together and attached to a rope hanging from the ceiling so her arms were over her head. She was standing on her right foot with the ankle of her left leg taped behind her right knee. It was a very uncomfortable and exposed position. She was crying and pleading for mercy. When I first saw her, a woman was pinching her nipples and a man had 3 fingers inside her vagina.
Ann made me go over and look at the woman.
"She&#8217;s a university student. She tried to peddle her ass on the street corners and the working girls pulled her hair for her. She tried again and the pimps told her to stop. 
She tried a third time so a couple of pimps brought her over here for a bit of discipline."
"The pimps want to put her in a Glory Hole room for 12 hours tomorrow. You can go and watch and write up a story about girls who volunteer for that job."
The pimps were two very husky men &#8211; one white and one black. While I was watching, the black one kicked the girl&#8217;s foot out from under her. The white one seized her ankle and pulled her leg back and up so she was hanging by her wrists. Then he started beating the sole of her foot with a piece of bamboo. He gave her 10 strokes and released the foot so she was forced to stand on it. They repeated that about once an hour. Whenever they started, she would go "Please, please, not again. I promise not to turn tricks. Please!" but it did her no good at all.
The men had a good time with her. They kissed her, played with her breasts and nipples, sucked her nipples, ran fingers inside her cunt and rubbed her clit and pulled her hair &#8211; both head and pubic. If they could see it, they&#8217;d play with it.
The women were even crueller. Many had long fingernails and dug them into her nipples. She had bleeding scratches on her breasts. Ann used the flogger on the woman&#8217;s ass and belly.
I saw at least one woman work her entire hand into the victim&#8217;s cunt. She shoved it in so far that only her wrist was outside.
They kept that up for 3 or 4 hours and then I was told to strip and dance. The girl was released from the overhead rope during my dance. She promptly fell down because she still had only 1 leg free. The pimps dragged her by her hair to a table and held her face down on it with her ass in the air. Then every man in the room ass raped her.
I was still naked and Ann put a strap on dildo around my waist. It was a horrible thing &#8211; long and thick with knobs along its length. I had to use it to ass rape the woman. The dildo was passed around to the other women so the girl was ass raped by every man and woman in the room.
After that, Ann sent me home.
Thursday
Last night showed me what these monsters can do to people. So I reported for work at my usual noon starting time even though I hate and fear Tom and Ann. Tom said he wanted a feature on women who work in Glory Holes and Ann gave me an address.
It turned out to be an "adult" shop. The Glory Hole was a thin wall with a hole at waist level. A man was standing there with his cock stuck through the hole. The shop manager took me around to a door and let me in to a room. It was a small badly lit room with the girl from last night kneeling naked in front of the hole. Her ankles were chained to the floor and she had a metal collar locked around her neck. That was chained to the wall so that her mouth was close to the hole.
She was running her fingers along the cock and then she put it in her mouth and started sucking. She had no real choice. One of the pimps was standing behind her with a leather belt and there were bruises on her back.
I watched for an hour while she sucked 6 cocks. I was told she&#8217;d be working for 12 hours and I should come back at 11PM.
I probably should have quit than and there but was much too scared. So I came back at 11PM. Both pimps were present and they unchained the girl. They gave her a pair of panties, put her in the trunk of a car, and the three of us drove to a park about an hour&#8217;s walk from the university. They let her go, with no money or ID and wearing only panties, with a warning: "We&#8217;re being kind this time. If you try working the streets again, you&#8217;ll find yourself in a third-world brothel. Now get out of here!"
I don&#8217;t know what happened to her after we left her there.
Friday
Spent the day writing a story about "Carol" &#8211; a single mother behind in her rent and about to be evicted. She&#8217;s working in a Glory Hole at $10 a cock.
Tom said to I was to be at his apartment tomorrow night about 8PM and that it wasn&#8217;t optional!
At least they gave me my pay in cash.
Sunday
I&#8217;ve been crying all day. I was gang raped last night. Tom and the two pimps and two men I didn&#8217;t know were at Tom&#8217;s apartment. I was ordered to strip and then the pimps tied me spread-eagled to a double bed. The five of them raped me. I learned the difference between being ridden by a lover and being mounted by a rapist!
When they had all had a turn, I was untied, led into the living room and ordered to dance for them. The pimps used their belts and easily convinced me to obey. When I finished the dance, I had to get down on my hands and knees and crawl around kissing all the feet. Then the pimps ass raped me; the others made me suck their cocks.
After that, they let me go home.
Monday
I&#8217;m running away. I&#8217;ll take a plane to a big city a thousand miles away and start over. They can probably trace me by my name and social security number but I don&#8217;t think I&#8217;m that important to them.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:   Wolf Ferret


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





