BDSM Library - Dog Training at Hargreaves




Dog Training at Hargreaves
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: 






This is a fantasy story and all the locations, characters, corporations, facilities and practices herewith described are fictitious and stem from the author's imagination alone.

Dog Training at Hargreaves.

Julian Hargreaves looked disdainfully at the latest intake of patients for his up-market Institution in the foothills of the Anderson range in Malvern County, they came as ever in SUV's, the road far too tortuous for Limo's, every one pampered and preened like they were attending a Hollywood Gala, the wives and girlfriends of the famous, sent to the Mountain facility of the Hargreaves Institute of Corrective Psychology to give it's full title as a last ditch attempt to save failed relationships.

He observed them clustering around the easy chairs and cocktail tables of the reception and bar area sipping complimentary champagne and gossipping as the staff dressed as waitresses and bar staff did their preliminary assessment.

Gillian Braintree and Coleen Fforbes two fiercely assertive and once strikingly beautiful thirty something socialites were booked in for a week of babying with Martha and Annie, while Sharon Sylvester, Carol Germaine and Dahlia Maidstone were for a straight de tox while this week only Paula Manson was booked for a week of dog training.

Julian let the girls mingle at the bar, allowing alcoholics free drinks was always a good start, and a thunderous hangover in the morning was a powerful incentive to change their behaviour.

Julian had himself suggested a week of dog training for Paula, after all she was undoubtedly a ideal candidate, a real bitch.

Paula had drunk maybe eight Martini's&nbsp; and several of those red things with a parachute nd a slice of lime when she finally passed out just after midnight so when she woke next morning it was to a world that shimmered and wobbled and where a rock band drummer was practising inside&nbsp; her head.

"Hello Paula, I've brought Rex&nbsp; to see you, your new dog." Julian told her.

Martha looked around, she was lying on a mattress with a plastic cover in a corner of a small&nbsp; room and suddenly she realised that she was completely naked.

"What's going on?" she asked , "where are my clothes?"

"Quite safe, now if you two want to get acquainted and I'll&nbsp; get some food organised." Julian promised.

Rex looked longingly at Paula, he didn't understand why she didn't welcome him like his trainer Dorothy, he padded across to Paula and went to lick her face.

"Get that beast away from me!" she ordered.

"Don't be cruel, he's a lovely little chap, needs his exercise though, three times a day, that's where you come in." Julian explained

"I am not taking that animal for a walk." Paula announced furiously.

"Not that sort of exercise," Julian grinned, "I'll get Dorothy to show you"

Rex looked hopefully at Paula and then when Julian called "Here Rex," he scampered away.
following Julia into the corridor, Paula's eyes followed Julian as he strode away, a nondescript man, thin, only five feet nine tall, always immaculate, his dark hair greyed slightly at the temples, his ark eyes always piercing questioning, undoubtedly gay she surmised unfairly.

Dorothy was busy with Karl, the Rotweiller, he was much larger than the dogs she usually trained and so Stanley stood by with a tranquilliser gun in one hand and a revolver in the other just in case.

"Can you do a demo for Paula Manson please Dorothy," Julian asked, "Stanley can look after Rex and you can call on Mark if you need a hand."&nbsp; Stanley looked on in disgust, he never got the good jobs now Australian Mark, half his age and much fitter had arrived.

"Oh yes please, I don't know if I can really take on one this big," said Dorothy, "but Rex is delightful."

Rex stood in the doorway shaking, how dare the Rotweiller take his mistress, he thought but he wasn't quite stupid enough to attack an animal more than twice his size, although he thought about it.

Dorothy patted Karl's head and after checking she still had four fingers and a thumb, she slipped quickly from the training room.

Julian admired her slim physique as she passed, her small stature emphasised by her thin white smock which showed her white bra and black thong clearly, although as Julian stared he realised it was her mass of curly black pubic hair he was looking at not a thong. 

Dorothy smiled at him, with her short black hair and flashing smile, and green eyes full of fun she was an absolute delight in every way, except being flat chested, and hairy and the fact that no matter how many times she washed or showered she always seemed to stink of dogs, it was as if they got right into her, Julian shook his head at the thought.

Dorothy strode into Julia's room with |Rex following closely behind her. "It's all right Mr Hargreaves I'll take it from here." Dorothy added and she shut the door firmly in his face.

"Julian said you didn't bond with my ikkle Rexie" Dorothy said.

"Look, I just want my clothes and directions out of this nut farm." Julia insisted.

"Ssshhhh, you're so tense, that's where Rexie comes in did he lick your face?" Dorothy asked.

"No he bloody well didn't." Paula announced tossing her mane of auburn hair over her shoulder.

"He likes to lick your face first, like a kiss before foreplay, move up and I'll show you." 

Dorothy suggested, "Perhaps your breasts frighten him, I don't really have any yet yours are what, double D."

"Depends on the make of&nbsp; Bra but D or DD yes what difference does that make." Paula asked her grey eyes full of fiery indignation.

"Oh, well, I'll tell you later let me sit by you." Dorothy said again and as Julia moved up so Dorothy sat down.

"Rexie" Dorothy called, "You might have confused him calling him Rex," she said, "Rexie here boy, kiss Dotty, good boy."

Rex eyed the women cautiously and then rushed across the room, he stopped at Dorothy's feet and growled.

"Kissy face." she said. "Kissy face,"

He growled.

"Naughty Rexie, show Dotty how much you love Dotty."she said but instead he pushed his nose firmly between her knees.

"Naughty Rexie don't be so impatient!" she chided, but she could see he was determined."Oh all right then," she said as she parted her knees and he dived immediately under her skirt.

"Ooohhh Rexie," Dotty squealed, "His tongue is soooo lovely and he rubs my clitty with his nose" Dotty explained.

"My god he's licking you off" Julia exclaimed.

"Oh no, this is Mutt Diving, just foreplay." she panted, "that's enough Rexie" Dorothy announced.as she lifted Rex away from her.

Rex looked pleadingly towards Dorothy as she grabbed the front of her smock and ripped it open, the velcro fastening parting swiftly and completely.

Paula looked in disbelief as Dorothy set Rex down, his orange red lipstick like erection jabbing obscenely and then unerringly at Dorothys soaking sex and then unbelievingly she watched as Dorothy pulled Rex up and in so his erection slid inside her.

"Move please I need to lie down," Dorothy asked.

"You need mental help!" Paula exclaimed, "You're quite mad! fucking a dog, my god."

"Mmmm nice Rexie." Dorothy cooed as she lay back. Rexie could now get some purchase with his hind legs and was really going for it like he was paying by the minute.

"It's like being fucked by a man, you know the last bit before he cums but Rexie does it that hard and fast from the off," Dorothy said, "I'll miss him, you be kind to him or I shan't let you have him."

"You're welcome to him!" Paula exclaimed and she started to bang on the door, "Let me out"
she wailed.

"Its sound proof." Dorothy said, "Oh Rexie ar you going to cum?, are you? cum for Dotty then come along there OOohhh." Dorothy gasped. "He's got such a powerful squirt, he, ooooh, so much for such a little doggie, he'll rest now.

Dorothy held Rex to her as he stopped thrusting and laid his head on her small breast,&nbsp; "We breed them, they're almost a new breed now, part terrier, part all sorts but we breed for temperament and of course penile extension," Paula looked puzzled, "A big prick."

"So what now?" Paula asked.

"I have to wait till his knot shrinks," Dorothy replied,"it swells up inside me and holds us together, it takes maybe twenty minutes but it's so relaxing, it's wonderful." 

"Dotty loves Rexie, Rexie show Dotty he loves her when Pawpaw Rexie's friend.?" Dorothy continued but Rexie was thinking about Dog Biscuits and didn't reply.

It was around twenty minutes later that with a loud "Glug" Rexie's knot came free from Dorothy and she was able to summon Dr Hargreaves.

"How do you feel about dogs now Paula." Hargreaves asked politely.

"Sick!" Paula replied.

"Treatment plan C then Dorothy, I'll have Paula sent to treatment room K9 first thing in the morning." 



Paula
trainer Dorothy

 
===========================================================



Paula was becoming used to the idea that she was a dog.

Ever since they pushed her food and drink through a cat flap in the wall in dog bowls and ignored her pleas to use a bathroom, so now the room smelled of urine, the smooth white tiled floor sloped away so the dampness was trickling away to a drain in the corner but the smell remained,


They fetched Paula in the morning, she barely felt the sting of the tranquilliser dart and when she woke she was secured in the K9 rig in room K9.

Rex was watching her, she recognised his distinctive brown and white markings and so were three others, siblings perhaps, offspring, it was difficult to know.

"This is Randy, and Shep and the black one is called Spot." Dorothy announced, "and you know Rexie don't you?"

"For gods sake!" Paula cried but she couldn't move, the apparatus held every part of her body or so it seemed, shoulders, elbows, wrists. waist, knees, ankles all held securely by black leather straps to a sturdy wooden frame which was completely adjustable so she could be positioned anywhere from standing upright through the sitting position she was now in to to lying down, and even as some awkward patients had found to their cost upside down and head down.

"Ok, we'll try a BoneBikki, the bone shaped dog treat."&nbsp; Dorothy suggested, "will you pop one in Mark?"

Paula had no idea a man was present until the tall fair haired young man wearing just a deep suntan and a pair of bathing shorts walked round from behind her and thrust half a dog biscuit at her dry pubes.

"Hey she's dry as a Wallabies backside" Mark exclaimed in fluent Australian.

"So suck titty or something, use your imagination." Dorothy suggested.

Mark did as instructed and added an Aussie chat up line, "Hey what's a foxy sheila like you doing in a nice place like this."

Paula cringed but he rippling muscles of his torso and the attention he gave her left nipple soon had her juices flowing, and as soon as he could ease the dog treat inside he backed away.

"Go on Spot, good boy" Dorothy urged as she slipped the black dog's leash from his collar and watched him bound away.

Paula clenched everything in feat, fists, toes, bowels and particularly her cunt muscles which just made it harder for Spot to pull his treat from her wet fragrant cunt, he seemed unsure at times, as the smells of sex and food mingled, but with a few deft tugs he pulled his treat clear and started to gnaw it to bits.

"One for Randy please Mark." Dorothy called and Mark again took the other half of the BoneBikki and inserted it inside Paula.

"Good Boy Randy" Dorothy urged as she released his leash and Randy too tried to get at his treat, but he had a problem, Spot had unknowingly aroused Paula and the treat had gone further in than they intended,, Randy struggled to retrieve it pushing his tongue deep inside Paula trying to hook the treat as his wet nose rubbed Paula's clit, suddenly she spasmed and the treat came clear.

Randy rushed to the corner of the room and started to gnaw the Dog treat while Paula wailed, "For god's sake you can't leave me like this!"

"Oh yes we can!" said Dorothy, "try one big end first Mark."

Mark took a bone shaped treat and carefully crumbled one end so it was almost straight, just leaving a big bulge on one end and he then inserted two fingers inside Paula's soaking vagina "Yes," she said "that's it, oh yes." but then Mark simply extracted his fingers and popped the treat inside her large end first so just the very tip protruded.

Mark stood to one side, "Good boy Shep, said Dorothy but before she could release his leash Spot had seen the new treat and bounded across to try to retrieve it.

"He can't grip it." Dorothy said, as Spot ground his nose into her clitoris as he tried desperately to extract the dog treat from her cunt.

"Look, he's lapping the syrup, I think he likes you Paula," said Dorothy, "I think he's forgotten the BoneBikki and he's just enjoying lady juice."

"Little mongrels certainly got a good boner on, Dotty," said Mark.

"One step at a time" said Dorothy.

"Nah let the little bludger go for it," Mark suggested, as Spot continued&nbsp; to lick and lap at the moisture now oozing from Paula's sex.

"Yes, lets, lower the frame Mark, take the top back and down so she's lying on her back."

Mark carefully guided the frame towards floor level, Spot looked up briefly and then resumed his licking as Mark pushed the carefully counterbalanced frame down and back, Paula barely registered than her bottom was supported by the baseplate as Mark clicked the safety catch back into position and stood back.

"On,no." "Not that."&nbsp; "Licking I can live with but oh god not that!" Paula cried in mounting alarm as Paula and Mark watched intently as Spot became aware that Paula was now firmly supported, was on her back and was completely available.

He was confused, Dorothy had always picked him up and held him so he could penetrate her but now although he wanted to fuck his bitch properly he found he didn't know how to,
He stopped licking raised on his hind legs and jabbed at Paula, his lipstick like prick missed slipping up her crack outside her cunt entrance so he jabbed her clit directly, Paula ried out "Ohhhh" but whethyer in shock, pain, or pleasure was far from clear.

Dorothy took pity on them and lifted Spot away and then carefully angled him towards Paula's the target of Paula's Labie and the long hot wet tunnel beyond.

"Not my ass, please not my ass, oh"&nbsp; Paula cried as she felt her furry lovers penis slide against her, Dorothy tried again and managed to get Spot's penis to slide inside Paula's slit, but the new problem as she feared was Paula's DD breasts, but to her surprise they melted aside, flowing liquidly as she noted they were real flesh and blood and not 60% silicone like many women and Spot was able to lay down on them and grip her armpits with his paws.

Paula gasped at the horrific humiliation of her predicament yet she was helpless to prevent him mating with her, and she realised how deeply her own body had betrayed her as his hot breath now carried the scent of her own arousal to her nostrils as he licked her face lovingly as he settled down ready to ride her and give her his puppies.

Mark quietly rounded up the other dogs and led them away, Paula was now Spot's bitch, they had bonded and life would never be the same for either ever again, because as staff at Hargreaves knew once a dog had experienced the thrill of fucking a lovely juicy sweet smelling cunt and looking into his mistress's eyes and licking her face as he did it, so fucking a real bitch's ass hole suddenly lost all its appeal.

Spot was really going for it as Mark returned, his little hips thrusting faster than a man about to climax and yet he just kept ging until with a final frenzy he shot his load and collapsed onto her chest.

"Say Good Dog" Dorothy said. "Tell him you liked it."

"Good Dog," said Paula, "Give mummy a nice kiss." she requested and as Spot licked her face they lay together contentedly as his knot slowly contracted.

Dorothy smiled across at Mark," shall we show Spot the new order."

"If we must!"&nbsp; he said.

It wasn't that Mark didn't fancy Dorothy ok at nearly thirty she was older than him, but with her short black hair and flashing smile, and green eyes full of fun she was an absolute delight in every way, except being a bit short at five seven against his six foot three and flat chested with it, oh and hairy,it was the idea he had to use a condom to fuck the hole dogs fucked bareback and it seemed no matter how many times she washed or showered she stank of dogs, it was as if they got right into her, Mark shook his head at the thought.

Dorothy unrolled a mattress alongside the side of the room and ripped the velcro fastening on her tunic down to allow it to fall from her, she unclipped her padded bra to reveal her tiny childlike breasts and called Mark over.

"I'm sorry Dotty but the old man's on strike." he said.

"Get those shorts off then I'll soon have your motor revving." she said hopefully.

Mark stripped as ordered but his penis still drooped its soft four inches arcing towards the floor, Dorothy simply stepped up towards him, cupped his cheeks in her hands and kissed him on the lips.

She tasted of peppermint, he decided, as he kissed her again to be sure, but she still smelled
like, he sniffed, she sure smelled of something and his prick liked what she smelled of, her tried to rationalise what the smell was and realised it was pheromones, she smelled like a tart in an Adelaide brothel.

"I got it mail order from Melbourne, " she confessed as she quietly subsided to lay on her back "You told Julian I smelled like a dog!" 

"Jeeesus, you smel like a tart from an Adelaide brothel, just look what you done to my whanger, "he demanded,&nbsp; what you going to do about it?" 

"Lie back and do my duty kind sir," Dorothy joked, " tell me when you finish and leave ten dollars on the wash stand when you leave." she said as she guided Mark inside her as Spot and Paula looked on.

"That's the worst attempt at an Australian accent I ever heard!" Mark exclaimed as he moved closer.

"It transfers the, Ohh Mark wrong hole!" Dorothy said, "The emotional bond from," she lost her train of thought, "Oh fuck it, I'll explain later." 

Mark lacked the sheer animal energy of Spot or Rex or Shep or the others, but he made up for it with his sheer size and power, "I put some dog piss behind my ears and under my tits when I'm working," Dorothy explained, "I didn't realise you found it offensive." she apologised, "Do you like this perfume?"

"It's good, maybe half a bottle next time not the whole quart." he suggested, "I reckon if I lit a ciggie it would explode."

"Julian got me a great deal so I got a five gallon drum," she admitted allowing her thrifty nature to show through.

"What about me?" said Paula as Spots knot finally shrank enough to release her .

"You can suck him hard again if you're not satisfied." Mark suggested "otherwise I guess we need to tell Julian you're at stage three already." He looked at Dorothy, " I guess I better pull out I'm about to slime!" he said in his charming Australian manner.

"Don't" said Dorothy but she was too late and suddenly he had pulled out and warm spunk was spurting all over Dorothy's belly between her tits and even splashed her chin.

"I wanted that in me." she said sadly, I didn't cum!"

"Maybe Karl will do the business?" he said.

Karl the Rotweiller, Dorothy cringed at the thought, it was too much, Hargreaves would have to make it worth her while,a DVD perhaps or royalties from pay per view, or.

Paula brought Dorothy back to reality. "He's licking his own spunk up now."

"Oh, he's so thoughtful, you wont find a man doing that!" Dorothy suggested, "I'll find out what treatment Dr Hargreaves has planned for you next.


To be Continued







"This is Randy, and Shep and the black one is called Spot."





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  PieterM(no email) 


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





