BDSM Library - Cashual Acquaintances




Cashual Acquaintances
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: 






Cashual Acquaintances

by Christiana Lecker



* * * Part One * * *



The shop is stylishly furnished, the exact opposite of what you would expect in a sexshop in a dark, shabby side street. Behind dutifully covered up display windows opens a sparkling world of colourfull latex and rubber, leather in all shades and shapes, glistening stainless steel and wonderfully skimpy cloth rags. My eyes almost pop out of their sockets as I stumble inside for the first time.



In contrast to the winter cold that reigns outside, the air of the shop feels boiling hot and I wish I could shed some clothing items. I look myself up and down, over that thin, girlish, light pink mini dress that barely covers my butt and becomes almost transparent in the right lighting, and I feel naked. The bow is still in my handbag, the one my Mistress had tied around the packet with the dress, next to the letter with the short but precise instructions - not more than the time, the address and the short sentese "Wear this, nothing else, go to the personell and ask for lesbian bondage magazines."



My stomach rolls into a knot as I recall those instructions, but I have promised to follow them unconditionally so I resist the urge to turn on my heels and flee back into the anonymity of the dark side street. I stalk slowly over to the counter while trying to keep images of greasy sales clerks und lusty looks out of my mind, then around a clothes rack full of see-through underwear and come to halt somewhat surprised and insecure.



The girl who sits there, I consciously call her girl because she can't be much older than eightteen, looks like she has sprung from one of my wet fantasies. She reclines her juvenile body in a futuristic chair made from black leather and chrome and smiles at me from a delicate face framed by strawberry blond shiny curls. The high cheekbones give her a slight exotic touch, and she owns a lithe, trained body as the finely carved lower leg clearly shows that peeks out from the tight red leather dress and, glowing like silk in the warm light, rests casually on the table before her. I stare at her and swallow.



She doesn't seem to mind my stare, or if she does, she is conceiling it with masterful skill, and she raises with cat-like elegance and walks around the counter to me.



"Can I help you?" Her look from the big green eyes is self assured, and allthough she's a good few inches smaller than me I have the feeling of having to look up at her.



I want to sink into the ground as I recall my task, and I stall, while a deep blush runs over my cheeks und she looks at me patiently. I'm probably not the only one, I realise, who gets nervous in a sex shop. "I," my voice is barely more than a hoarse whisper and I clear my throat, "I'm looking for - I - I'd like -"



I feel like being quizzed at school for the first time again, her eyebrows lift slightly, questioningly, and my nervousness hightens again. "I'm looking for lesbian bondage magazines" I manage to say quickly and take a big, relieved breath.



Her lips, enhanced by the light red lipstick, sparkle as the tip of her tongue runs over them, quick and unconsciously, but my eyes become glued to them. I'm entranced by her sweet, beautiful face and almost miss that she is talking to me.



"...not catch you," she tells me with an apologetic smile, "could you repeat it a bit slower?"



My stomach spins for a moment and I have the feeling of falling into empty space, like in an elevator that starts to move down. Her eyes look at me inquiringly, and I feel stark naked in front of her. I gather all my courage together, becoming worried that my Mistress might enter any moment and notice that I haven't fullfilled my appointed task yet, and I say slowly and with downcast eyes: "I am looking for lesbian bondage magazines."



My glance meets hers for a short moment, and she looks highly amused. She did understand me quite well the first time, I realise, and a short, surreal bout of dizziness washes over me, heat rushes through my body - and transforms into a strange, tense excitement.



"Those are over there in the shelf," she points at a magazine rack at the other side of the showroom, "come on, I'll show you."



My legs stumble beside her to the shelves, and with delay I notice that her hand is resting on my butt cheek and pushes a bit to guide me in the right direction. My first reflex is to side-step and avoid the intimacy by this stranger, but I'm spellbound and compliantly adapt my pace to the pressure on my backside. We are at the rack, and her finger trails over the rows of glossy magazines with all that beauty and obscenities on their cover pages, the she points at the lowest shelve with a smile. "Look, there they are."



I glance at her, then at the shelf with the magazines, then back at her. Her challenging look makes it clear to me that she doesn't think of leaving me here alone, and I have to do something unless I want to stand here and look silly.



The lowest shelf is just an inch or two above the ground, so I have to bend down far to reach it. I bend over and pray that my skimpy dress doesn't get a mind of its own and divulge the nudity hidden beneath it. My hand slowly extends towards one of the magazines and pulls it out, but at that moment I feel her hand on my butt once more, feel it brush downwards and have to suppress a shiver. Then my eyes open wide and my body becomes stiff in alarm.



Her fingers have lifted the hem of my mini dress, cool air brushes over my exposed butt cheeks and my plum, which is obscenely visible between my thighs due to my stopped posture. Her fingers roam over my naked skin, brush over my nether lips and I gasp. Like through a curtain I hear her voice. "Tsk tsk, what do we have here? Such a depraved little thing, running around in public without underwear."



I press my eyes shut and wish to die, to be hit by lightning right here and now, but at the same time the situation has something so erotic, so wickedly lustful, I feel depraved and dirty and sensous. Her hand rubs up and down over my public, a finger presses on my slit and slowly parts my labia, and I breath faster. Lord, what is the girl doing to me? My hips start to sway in sync with her touch, my head shows me exciting pictures of the sweet thing so lewdly playing with my snatch, but suddenly I remember where I am and that someone else could enter the shop any moment.



My heart does a jump, and I want to stand up, but a firm hand pushes at my back, holding it where it is. "No no, stay as you are, sweetheart," her voice is like honey and leaves me with no room for discussion, "my god, you are sooo wet down there. Such a horny little minx."



She keeps on fondling my snatch, spreads my cunt juice everywhere on my nether lips, while her other hand shoves the dress up my back and over my head. The magazine drops from my hand and smacks to the floor, the dress following it, and the hand grips my breast and starts to squeeze and caress it.



She squeezes harder, and I hoarsely moan my lust to her. Just then I hear a second voice. Panic grips me, I must have missed the entrance door opening. "Such a sweet pussy," the new voice whispers, "and so wet. Is she your girlfriend?" Oh god, I want to die even more now, I want to disappear into thin air, anything, but I want away from here fast.



My eyes stare straight ahead at the magazines while my mind frenetically tries to come up with a way out.



"No, or at least not yet. But I like the little slut, even if I tend to prefer them a bit younger." I can hear the grin on the girl's face and I'm certain that I must be blushing all over my body. My cheeks feel taut and my heart beats like mad.



To more hands join the others, roam inquiringly over my back, grope my butt cheeks, squeeze my tits and explore my stomach, and I feel like piece of cattle at an auction - like an excited piece of cattle in heat though, as my body betrays me and reacts with lustful electric shocks to each foreign touch.



The hands grip my shoulders, straighten me upright und I gasp for air. "Mistress!"



Standing before me with a smug grin, her eyes roam over my pussy lips, red and puffy from excitement, and my nipples which are stiffly pointing away from my body. Her long black leather coat glistenes in the light and, together with her dark hair that is pinned up in a tight bun, makes her look like a dark queen right out of a fantasy movie, and the black riding boots with their incredibly thin heels even underline that image and make me almost drool. Her index finger trails over my cheek, scraping a tiny red line into my skin, then brushes my lips and stays there for a second. A short wink from the corner of her eye tells me that this is no involuntary gesture and that I have to stay quiet. I nod imperceptably and my heart beats like a jungle drum.



The girl raises an eyebrow. "Mistress? You know each other?"



I bite my lower lip and my eyes become big.



"We have met once or twice, a cashual acquaintance." My Mistress' eyes laugh at me, and I stair back at her self consciously, I ask myself what she has planned.



The girl clears her throat. "Do you want to stick a claim on her?"



My Mistress snorts in an amused way and twirls one of my nipples hard between her finger, while I stand before them petrified, fearful and with a dripping snatch. "I only want to stay here, I'm curious what the randy little thing lets you do with her."



Shudders run over my back, I have seen this look on her face before. She has got some devious plans for me, plans that will be both painful and humiliating for me.



The girl has gripped my other nipple and squeezes it hard. My eyes twitch as a sharp pain runs through my tit, and she grins at me. "By the way, what's your name, little slut?"



I blush again as my lips start to open, it feels like stripping naked in front of her all over as I shed the last bit of anonymity. "Christiana, I'm Christiana."



The pain in the other nipple grows stronger as my Mistress sinks her long finger nails into it, and I groan loudly before I realize her intention. "Christiana Lecker," I add quickly, "my name is Christiana Lecker."



Both grin at me now while my naked body is shown off before them in the bright halogen light, my burning nipples trapped between their cruel fingers, my face bright red and with a bashful expression, their willing play thing for today. My Mistress has promised me an unforgettable evening, but I'd never have imagined something like this, not in my wildest dreams. It's so intense, so humiliating, so - exciting. My pussy pulsates with horniness, and I know that I will neither be allowed nor able to say 'no' today, no matter what the two of them will do to me.



One of my Mistress' fingers delves into my slit, plays with the entry to my hole and makes me breath hard. "Can we do everything we want to you?" She asks with a self-assured voice, her finger enters me up to the first knuckle, and quick as a shot I moan "Yes, Mistress!"



While my Mistress shoves her finger deeper into me, the girl has stepped behind me, and she wraps her arms around me, her finger nails capture my pussy lips and pull them apart. "Even if it hurts?" She whispers into my ear, and I shiver from lust.



"Yeeees," I groan, and then I almost shriek out loud as her nails dig deep into my sensitive cunt lips.



"That's no way to address a superior!" She barks at me, and it feels as if my pussy is torn apart, I whimper and feel her lips trail over my neck. "You will address me as 'Madame', understood?"



My legs begin to tremble and I groan "Yes, Madame" and try not to cry out. Then, thankfully, the pain gradually lessens and I take some deep breaths.



"Good, you seem to be able to learn. We're going to have a lot of fun tonight..." Her voice trails off, and her lips glide over my neck once more, her tongue kisses and licks my skin, and my Mistress' finger slides all the way inside me. I'm so close to a climax, in the middle of an open shop, and I close my eyes and moan...



* * * Ende of Part One * * *









Cashual Acquaintances

by Christiana Lecker



* * * Part 2 * * *



I can't say how long the two have toyed with me, to me it feels like hours, but it probably were only minutes. Time and time again the both of them brought me close to a climax, time and time again my Mistress fucked me with her finger and Madame caressed my nipples and pussy lips, only to stop and leave me wiggling and begging, until I was nothing more than a trembling wreck with no other thought left than the desperate wish to cum.



Now I lumber awkwardly behind them while they explore the shop, my pussy pulls and pumps like mad and I have to hold my hands so they don't get a mind of their own. My thighs are smeared with my juices and my nipples stand out like daggers. They come to a halt in front of a shelf with rubber toys and whisper too quiet so I, in my befuddled state, can't understand a word. Madame reaches into a compartment and pulls out a pair of short red rubber hoses which she shows to my Mistress. I wonder what they could be good for, and guessing from her facial expression, it's no different with my Mistress. Madame explains something, and they both grin at me, which makes me nervous.



"Do you think the size fits?" my Mistress asks, and Madame answers her with a nod.



"Maybe a little tight, this ones are B, but a C would be too lose." She swings the rubber item around, its roughly two and a half inches long and has the diameter of my lower arm. "Hold still," she orders me and I press my arms to my sides, "and close your eyes."



I close my eyes and feel her touching my breasts, then a strange, smooth feeling encasing one of my breasts. Then her fingers vanish, and the smooth feeling gets stronger, constricts my breast. Frighened, I open my eyes, but before I notice anything I hear a smacking sound and my breast is in flames. I whimper and close my eyes.



"Silly thing," I hear the biting voice of my Mistress, "not even able to follow a simple command."



My breast pulsates and and feels like it is squeezed through a narrow tube. I start. Tube... hose! I realize what the rubber things are good for, and already the other one closes around my other breast and constricts it. Hands turn me around and push a few steps forward.



"Open your eyes again," my Mistress orders me, "and look at yourself in the mirror."



I do as told and my breath catches in my throat at that sight. The rubber hoses encircle the bases of my breasts like a second skin, squeeze them together so that they are reduced to half their normal thickness, but elongated and pushing out nearly horizontally, while at the front a taut, fist size ball is formed. It looks alien, but at the same time highly erotic. I stare at the picture and am fascinated. Madame giggles contently while my Mistress licks her lips and the skin on my tits get rosier.



We wander further through the shop, and the both of them giggle and gesture like excited young girls while they pull items from the shelves, examine them and put them back. My the tension in my breasts gets heavier, it feels as if the rubber is getting tighter and tighter. My Mistress pulls something small, metallic from a shelf. The corners of her mouth lift appreciatively, and it dawns to me that this doesn't bode well for me. The readhead whispers something in her ear, an explanation perhaps, and they laugh.



They begin to caress my breasts, pull at my nipples, and I twitch a bit because it feels so good, but just then my Mistress barks at me to stay motionless. "Close your eyes!" Orders the small readhead, and I close them obediently, while my tits are under current and thousand small lightnings run through my nipples. Suddenly, a sharp pain travels through them and my eyes shoot open. My nipples burn like hell and, shocked, I stare at them and have to gather all my concentration to not rip off the gruesome toys they have attached to me.



The metal items are nipple clamps, but not simple ones, but unspeakably insiduous torture devices. They consist of a ring with bent jags, about two inches in diameter and with a hole in the middle. The jags point towards my breast and bury themselves deep in the taut skin. Through the holes in the rings they have pulled my nipples, until they reach two evil looking alligator clips which are fixed two inches above the rings, which push their teeth deep into the sensitive tips of my nipples and pull them out thin and long.



I grimace with pain and begin to tremble, and my eyes become moist. "Please..." I whimper and know instantly that this was a mistake, the enraged look on the girl's face tells it all. Her hand shoots out and smacks my pussy loudly, sends a gruesome pain through my lower body and makes tears run down my cheeks.



My Mistress watches us interestedly, and I want to throw myself at her feet and beg her to stop this, but then pride grips me. I pull myself together, feel a few loose tears trickle down my face and onto my tits and look at the girl submissively. "I am sorry, Madame, it won't happen again." Uttering those words costs me so much effort, because I know they will only bring on more pain, but at the same time they please my Mistress and promises me unbeleavable earth-shaking orgasms in her arms.



The readhead glares at me. "You softie, I would have thought that a slut in heat like you wouldn't start crying at the first little bit of discomfort." She starts walking around me in a circle, furious. "I don't know if I should even bother with you any further. Maybe I should push you back out into the street like you are."



Panic grips me, a look at the face of the girl confirms that she would certainly throw me out naked as I am without even giving it a second thought. I bite down on my lower lip, when she suddenly grabs my arm roughly and pulls me all through the room. I stumble along awkwardly in my high heels and try not to fall over while my Mistress follows us with measured steps, when I'm suddenly thrown around and loose my balance.



Thanks to god I fall for a few inches before my back hits a hard surface, and I'm so relieved that I can ignore the hard edge that cuts into my thighs.



"Sit down here," she commands me, "and put your arms and legs in the stirrups."



I take a look where I've landed and can't suppress a fresh shiver. I sit on the edge of a chair that looks like that at the gynecologist, with chrome rods upon which are half round, leather padded support plates for the arm and leg joints. The legs are spread wide by them, and the arms are stretched backwards behind the head. Fearfully I lay down on the device and position my extremities. The girl fastens broad leather straps over my joints and pulls them taut. Only seconds later I'm helplessly bound to the chair, my legs spread obscenely and my tits, whose visible, ball-shaped part already has a dark red colour and glistens in the light, pushed out further.



Only now, that my Mistress strokes my tummy in a soothing way, I notice that I have started to hyperventilate.



"Psst sweatheart," she whispers so that the girl can't hear her, "I'm here with you. Be brave for me, then you will get a reward."



A warm, wonderful feeling fills my chest, and I smile at her and nod proudly. The girl may hurt me, but I will endure everything, not for her but for my Mistress.



One of the girl's fingers begins to stroke me between the legs while she steps to my side and looks deeply into my eyes. "You seem to all better all of a sudden, if you can already laugh again," she explains in a voice dripping with sarcasm, "let's see what you think about this." She rubs harder, strokes between my pussy lips, finds my clit and presses and rubs it hard. I shudder and open my eyes wide into which she still stares, and raise my hips to meet her hand.



Suddenly the biting, pulsating pain in my nipples vanishes, she has taken off the clamps, and for a moment a smile flickers over my lips, but then the blood rushes back into my tortured nipples. It feels as if a knife was running through it. I bite my teeth together to avoid crying out loud. Oh god, that hurts so bad! Fresh tears run down my cheeks, and I pull futilely at my bonds.



The girl grins. "Oh, does this hurt our poor slutty?" Her eyes mock me, and I feel so incredibly helpless, I could weep. Right then she lowers her head and captures one of my nipples with her lips, then begins to rub her tongue over it. It only takes a second for me to forget about the pain, and every time her tongue touches my nipple, fresh waves of blissful shivers run over my skin.



I tighten my body and try to meet her touch, moan quietly, but already she stops her ministrations and vanishes from my line of sight. I hear something rustling, a zipper opening or closing, then some more rustling. My Mistress again strokes my tummy and bends down to me. "Not long anymore, my heart."



The girl approaches again, steps around the chair and stands between my legs. She has taken off the skirt and I can see a red rubber monster emerge between her legs, a strapon dildo. Almost three inches wide and twelve long, from which studs extend about a third inch long and equally in diameter, placed along the shaft in a spiral pattern. My eyes widen and I stare at the dildo, then at the girl. She smirks at me.



"It shouldn't be hard to guess where this one will go." She puts the tip at my pussy, a strange feeling as if finger tips were pressing against my cunt lips. I can't believe she want's to stick that thing into my hole and begin to tremble. "But just so I doesn't get too easy, and so you don't cum too quickly, we're going to play a little game."



I look at her fearfully and try to listen attentively.



"I have brought another small toy." She raises her hand and I can see something that looks like a miniature whip, a five inch long handle with a flat leather strip of about the same length. One corner of her mouth lifts upwards. "This here, little miss drippy snatch, looks more harmless than it really is. Every time you make a noise you will get one on your tits with this baby. Believe me, it doesn't feel good." I look at my taut and meanwhile almost violet glistening tits and shudder. "When you get one with this, you're going to thank me, like a well-behaved girl does, understood?"



I node and add, even though it pains me to address this cruel young girl that way, with a quiet voice, "yes, Madame."



I hear a loud smack, a lightning bolt of blinding pain shoots through my tit and I gasp for air.



"What did you say?" She glares at me provokingly and raises the hand holding the tit-whip again.



"Yes, Madame!" I shout this time, while the pain in my breast only slowly ebbs away.



Without replying she pulls my pussy lips far apart with her fingers and looks deep into my eyes, then I feel the pressure on my pussy increase. I want to shout 'Stop!' and run away, but instead I bite my lower lip and try to breath evenly.



Without mercy she increases the pressure, and suddenly my pussy widens and very slowly the dildo enters my insides. The studs press against the wall of my cunt, slow down the movement and pull at the sensitive skin. It hurt a bit, but not too bad, nothing in comparison to what she did before. I breath easier and watch fascinatedly as the thing sinks deeper and deeper into me. My pussy adjusts to the stretching and it feels good to be filled so completely.



The girl pulls out the dildo equally slowly, and now that the studs are wet with my juice they glide more softly. I have to give everything to suppress an excited moan. Her hands stroke my spread thighs, and I want to shout 'Take me, push it into me!' but instead I only look deeply and lustfully into her eyes. She nods at me, and I feel my Mistress behind me grabbing my hands with hers.



With a lurch the girl pushes her hips forward and sinks the dildo with a single hard movement all the way inside my pussy. For a moment I have the feeling that I am pulled apart, then a wave of lust washes trough my pussy and I moan. Smack. The leather strip cracks at my tit, and I let out a short painful cry. Smack. I remember. "Thank you, Madam, thank you!" I shout the words quickly, and she pulls out the dildo again, waits a bit, then shoves it back in all the way again. Once more I can't control myself, cry out, and she paints another firy line over my tits. "Thank you, Madame!"



It goes on that way, she pushes in, I moan, she hits my tits, I thank her less and less intelligibly, and even though my cunt pulsates and pulls and my tits burn like fire I get hornier and hornier. Lust waves wash everywhere through my body and I mumble meaningless things while she pulls and pushes the dildo like mad and covers my swollen breasts with welts. I writh about on the chair like crazy, panting, shaken by the lust waves, and every time the strap hits my tits lightning bolts shoot through me. I have lost the feeling for time and space, I'm nothing else anymore but a hungry, stretched, dripping wet cunt and a pair of glowing hot tits.



The girl breathes fast and loud, she shouts "cum, you little slut, cum!" and the voice of my Mistress whispers into my ear "cum for me, my sweetheart."



I let myself fall, give myself over to the feelings in my body, and it is as if I was blown into tiny molecules. Heat waves rush through me, followed by an indescribable happiness, the whooshing in my ears drowns out every other sound and lightning flashes before my eyes. My body rears up, only my legs and arms touching the chair, and I shout my climax to the world, again and again, everything trembles and flashes and is so incredibly intense.



Slowly I come back to earth, I'm soaked with sweat and I'm dizzy, but a wide smile is painted over my face and, try as I might, I couldn't banish it. They have unfastened my bonds, my legs dangle over the edge of the chair and my arms rest beside my body. Right now the pull the rubber hoses off my tits, and it feels wonderful as the blood is allowed to circulate again. I blink a few times and recognize the face of my Mistress. She's smiling. "You were brave, my little one."



To my other side I can see the girl, and she is also smiling. She strokes my cheek softly. "That you were, indeed. Well done!"



I look at her somewhat surprised, she doesn't look the tiniest bit like the cruel girl who so enjoyed dishing out pain to me tonight. She smirks. "I may sometimes be a bit hard, but I'm no monster. Don't look at me like that."



I gulp a few times, look back and forth between the two, then it finally dawns to me. "You know each other, that has all been planned like this beforehand?"



My Mistress giggles. "One could say we are..."



"...cashual acquaintances." The readhead fininshes her sentence, and all three of us laugh out loud. My Mistress kiss my lips tenderly, and I feel better and more satisfied than I have in a very long time. 



* * * The End * * *



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  ChrissieLecker(no email) 


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





