BDSM Library - You are my Master




You are my Master
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: 






You are my master !



I was to be punished again.

You were&nbsp; fucking me hard and I let my cum spread all over your cock.

Again,&nbsp; displeased with me. I wasn't meant to cum until you had.

With a whoosh of the cane, I understood, sobbed, begged you&nbsp; not to cane me again. The cane falls on the exact same place. My arse on fire

You put me on a no sex ban!

 

It's saturday, I'm horny, you my master have reliquished a little.

"bend over my slut"

I bend over, you pull my legs apart, spreading my arse wide.

Pushing a huge butt plug into me. I squirm underneath you but you relentlesly push until it fills my tight ass.

"I'm going out, do not remove this"

 

It's been 5 hours now, my arse is throbbing with the plug inside me.

 

I hear voices, you have brought some friends round for a game of cards.

Dutifully I say hello and show them to the table. 

Pulling me aside you tell me I won't be needed for a while. 

I nod in obedience, keeping my eyes downward to the floor.

You take me down to the basement and tie me to one of the rafters.

Taking hold of my hands and cuffing them above my head.My body lifts off the 

ground, just enough for me to be able to balance on my toes.

You will come down to see me when you're good and ready.

A blindfold is put over my eyes, I beg you master to leave it off, you pinch my nipples hard and tell me to do as I'm told.

Your voice is cold.

 

I'm on my own now, hanging from the rafter.

My hands begin to go numb, my body is aching from being stretched so much. The tips of my toes barely feel the floor.

The strain is beginning to tell and I'm slowly struggling to deal with the pain.

 

I hear footsteps coming down, lots of footsteps. I try to bring my head up to hear more but makes no difference, 

the blindfold is too tight and dark for me to see through.

 

You walk over to me and say you want your friends to use me as they see fit.

I am to accomodate anything they want to do to me.

You remind me about cumming before u did, this was my punishment for disobeying u

Pulling my butt plug out with force...leaving a gaping hole, you insert a couple of fingers in and say " nice"

 

Ripping my clothes off , grabbing my legs you spread them apart and fasten them to a spreading bar.

I'm hung, legs spread wide open, not knowing what will happen to me.

 

On the wall , you have some whips, paddles. I hear at least 2 men walk over to the wall.

I begin to panic, please, no, no more spanking, no more beatings. I try to cry out.

You grab my panties from the floor and stuff them harshly into my mouth,

telling me to be quiet or else a lot more will happen to me. Again I nod, there is nothing I can do but to comply.

 



Behind me two men swish their chosen paddles, whips. The sound makes me go all goosebumps.

 

"ready when you are gentlemen, punish my slut"

The first paddle hits me on my thigh, I try to jerk out of the way, whimpering as it touches my skin. 

A whip is brought down hard on my arse. The pain is excruciating.

You tell me to count slut... lets start again.

 

The whip hits again, just above the last spot.. 1.... I cry...

2... as it crashes down on me.. Tears wettting my blindfold.

3. thwack, 4: oh god this hurts. 5..........

My pussy is getting moist, the stinging on my arse is so painfull. I feel like i'm going to explode.

A paddle hits my breasts... I try to move but I can't&nbsp; and again the paddle is brought down, my tits are on fire, 

my nipples swollen, red, near bleeding.

 

You ask the men to stop.

I am so relieved, an end... 

 

"Who wants to whip her pussy lips?"

No master no, I try to cry out.

A man with a deep voice says, yes I will but I want to make her cum, can you allow me to do that.

You allow him saying you want to see your slut cum for another man.

 

My body is still in shock, I've red marks all over.

 

The deep voiced man comes over to me and whispers not to be afraid.

He shoves 2 fingers into my cunt, plays with my clit, tells me it needs to feel wetter.

He removes his fingers and lets fly with the cat o nine tails. My body spasms, he said he wouldn't do it so hard... master, master please make him stop , i try to whimper but nothing comes out.

Again I feel the leather splitting&nbsp; onto my now sore lips. My clit is on fire.

I feel wetness beginning to drip down my leg. The man comes over and again shoves fingers into me. 

"good girl.. see how wet and horny you are , come on lads, all feel how wet she is"

Different fingers are inserted in me, all exclaiming how beautifully wet I&nbsp; am. 

One man goes down on his knees and starts darting his tongue into my cunt, another man flicks my clit, 

another bites my nipple. 

A whoosh from behind and another sharp slap is given to my arse. i buck but the men all hold me in place. 

My juices begin to gush as fingers are being pushed into my ass and cunt., I don't know how many men are doing this to me.

I hear one of the men say watch this. All fingers are removed, more take their place in my cunt, 

I feel so much pressure, Suddenly I feel a fist begin to push its way up into me, oh god, I want to cum so bad.....

I try to talk through my gag, master comes over and takes my panties out of my mouth.

"yes my sweet?"

"Please master, please can I cum , please"

"yes my slut, cum"

The release is unbearable , my whole body aches as I cum, it slides down my legs. The men begin to lick it off me, 

massaging it into me. I want to cum again ..

 

I am untied from the rafter and taken to a bench, roughly im pushed down hard on it, face flush to it arse poking out. 

My hands are tied again and my feet are spreadeagled and tied to the bench leg irons.

I feel cocks touching me... pumping into my arse as they take turns, from my pussy to arse, arse to pussy. 

i lose count how many times .. A cock looms to my face.. it is my masters cock..your cock. I ask , may I suck?. 

" Yes sweet, suck me till i cum, I love seeing you getting fucked hard..

take me deep into your mouth, once you have swallowed every drop, i will allow you to cum again"

Eagerly I suck masters cock, taking it so deep i gag but allow it to move further down my throat. 

You are pumping so hard now as I suck and lick you with intensity. 

It's near, I taste your pre cum, I want to taste your spunk, swallow every bit of your seed, harder you push.

The men are still taking it in turn to fuck me in whichever hole they want. My ass and pussy are gaping with hot spunk. 

I have been stretched, fucked , fisted, I want to cum again so bad...

You let rip, I begin to gargle, I choke but you hold your cock deep inside me, 

you love to feel me jerk as u spray your seed deep inside me.

You inspect the inside of my mouth, satisfied that I have swallowed every last drop.

The men all pull out and spunk all over my body, . I cum, screa

ming for more, yes please, ... 

they watch as my juices flow freely, , gushing and spitting... 

a hand pushes deep inside me as one of the men fists me again as i gush once more, spraying out all over his hand, 

he cums again.

 

I am left tied onto the bench, I'm shivering all over.

The men chatter and laugh at what they've done to me.

You looked pleased with yourself.



I'm on my own again, silence.

My legs are shaking from the position they are in, still bent over and exposed.

I don't know how long I've been here, My body is now racked with pain.



You come back down.

"did you like that my little slut?"

"Yes Master" I reply.

SLAP

I instantly tense up as you continue to slap me over my, legs, back, arms.

Occasionally a finger dives into my cunt, you want it wet again.

Just as I'm about to collapse you untie me and carry me to the metal table.

Tieing my hands to the side and then putting my legs onto the stirrups,attaching chains so I can't move them.



The coldness of the table makes goosebumps all over my body.

You trace your fingers over me, teasing my open pussy, gently rubbing my clit.

My body bucks to your touch.

You insert a vibrating egg into me, using a remote you switch it on.

Instantly I moan, just as I.m reaching a new high you switch it off. 

I breath deeply and look pleadingly to you.

" You are my dirty little slut Jess arn't you?" 

I nod, you walk round to where my head is and stroke my face gently.



Behind you is a wall with some of your favourite toys.

Reaching behind you pick the alligator nipple clamps.

Tweeking my nipple so it stands out, you attach the first clip with a snap!

I scream out, my nipple pulsing with the pain, you turn your attention to my other nipple

and play with it until the "snap" I cry out again, tears streaming.

You get some black tubing and begin to wrap it round my tits, pulling them together and making them loook like purple balls.

Tieing the rubber off, you stand back and look at your work.

"mmm very nice"

The whip lands and I scream in agony. A red welt automatically appears.

The egg turns back on, "oh god I can't take it, I need to cum"

Sliding your fingers in you remove the egg, you see me struggling to keep it all together.

You love pushing my limits, stretching me to a heightening of pain and pleasure.





You remove my blindfold so I can see what you are about to do to me.

In your hand is the speculum, the larger one, my eyes give away how I feel

You let me look at it longer, a begging look of please no can be seen.

Swiftly you begin to insert it into my cunt, getting hard just watching it

stretch me even wider. 

When you think its all in you begin to turn the screw and you look intently as my hole is

is getting wider and wider.

You can't turn it anymore and feel satisfied this is the widest you've ever seen me.



The coldness of the speculum makes me jump as you begin to push it inside of me, 

making me feel full to the hilt, the pain as you push it makes my legs wobble and

I shorten my breath to manage the pain.

As you start turning the screw, I feel like i'm going to split wide open, the tightness

is excruciating as you contine to stretch my cunt.

My nipples are now just aching throbs but feel like they are on fire due to having no circulation .

They are turning a very dark purple.

I know it will hurt like hell when you release the tubing and clamps.

The last turn of the screw and I feel in so much pain I nearly pass out.



You begin to attach electrical pads to me&nbsp; ,expertly knowing where to put them.

I try to wrrigle but to no avail.

"Please master, I will do anything you want me to do but please not this"

You glower at me, "silence slut, you WILL love the pain I'm about to bestow on you"

My mind is all over the place, I hate this, you know how I feel but continue to take pleasure

in my terrified state.



Hooking the pads up to the machine, you turn it on, minimum.

You watch as I jump involuntarily as the current goes through me.

"that's it Jess, dance for me baby"

Again the current strikes, harder this time, you see me tense up more.

"relax my pet, the more you struggle the more it will hurt, now close your eyes, embrace it"

I try to do as I'm told but the power has been turned up and I squeel with helplessness.

You carry on watching the show for the next 15 minutes.

My hair is soaked from the excertion and you see my skin glistening with the intensity.

I open my eyes and that's when I see the cattle prod.

You have shown it to me often but never used it on me.

You said it was to be used only when I have not done my duty as you wished.



You are feeling so hard now, watching your little slut dance on the metal table.

The thought of using your new toy was just too much, you had to do it.

Switching it on you move over to my bound and clamped tits and I can see what you're going to do.

"please master" I beg.

Without saying a word it touches my nipple clamps.

I scream out, try to thrash myself away but I can't move.

The burning engulfs me and my tits feel like they are on fire.

Again you bring the wand down on me and again you hear my scream , your cock is now twitching, throbbing.

You touch inbetwwen my breasts with it, slowly you make a line down to my mound and open cunt.

I look at you in absolute terror.

You push the prod inside my cunt but don't turn it on.

I let out a huge sigh of relief.

Then BANG, the pain registers, I wet myself with the intensity .

I am crying loudly, screaming for you to stop .

Another jolt as you watch my open cunt getting even more pain and the blue of the electricity bouncing off the speculum

The pain feels as if its making its way into my stomach,I go rigid,&nbsp; I am nearly passing out.

You can see my head rocking backwards as you relinquish another jolt.

"Come on slut, push your cunt down on it, I want to see you fucking it"

I try to do as I'm bid but I have limited movement and I cant think straight.

Without a word you push it deeper until it touches my cervix.

"Ready baby, now this may hurt but it's for your own good"

Screaming at the top of my voice, god I'm going to die, I am, I can feel it.

I can't stand this anymore, its killing me. The blue bolt hits its spot. I faint momentarily.

You remove the prod and undo the speculum.

Pushing a hand into my cunt you gently push in and out, massaging me.

"good girl" knew you could do it.



You remove your hand and walk over to the wall and bring the ratchet mouth gag.

Fitting it into my mouth, I am left with my mouth wide open and finding it hard to swallow.

Surely no more,I am battered, sore and feel like I have nothing left to give.

You pull your cock out and push it into my mouth, as it hits the back of my throat, i begin to gag.

"come on slut, use the back of your throat to take me down, I want to cum deep inside."

You push further down, I try to gag but the relentless forcing of your prick makes it impossible.

I can hardly breath but still you go down further.

"good girl"

You pull out a bit and then push it back in, the sticky saliva from my throat coats you in a thick film of natural lube.

God this feels like heaven to you, as you fuck my mouth.

Your balls slap my chin, the feeling only heightening your impending explosion.

Holding my head further onto you , the crescendo is nearing.

"yes slut, take it all"

With that you release, pumping your seed deep down my throat, making me try to gasp for air but finding none.

You stiffen completely as you squeeze out the last drop into me.

You look down and see your spunk beginning to overflow, so with your fingers you push it back into my mouth.

"All of it my sweet"

I blink through tears as you finish.



Undoing my gag you push my lips together and as you withdraw out of me your nerve endings are on fire.

You hold my lips together and tell me to swallow all of your cum.

I swallow and look up to you

"Thankyou master for cumming in my mouth and letting me swallow you, I am not worthy"



You untie all my chains and stand me up.

My tits are nearly black now.

You take me over to the rafter and grab my arms above my head again as you lock the cuffs.

"this might hurt baby, I will allow you to scream"

With that you pop the rubber ties and my tits spring out to either side,the clamps being pulled with them.

I scream a blood curdling scream, My legs go from beneath me and my head rolls forward.

I am out cold, my body not being able to take any more.

You walk over and stroke my hair. 

Carefully removing my clamps and masssaging my swollen breasts and nipples.



I wake up, I'm in bed, my body feels used, tired, beaten.

I look to you and you smile at me.

A hand wanders down to my clit and I moan for you.

Slowly you make love to me, taking care not to touch my welts on my body.

"may I cum master?"

Yes my sweet, cum for me.

"I love you Jess, I will always love you, always look after you, you are mine"

I lean against you and purr like a cat.

I feel as one with my master.











Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jess Bright(no email) 


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





