BDSM Library - Back to nature




Back to nature
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: 






Back to Nature&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Chapter 1

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The sun is shining through the windshield of the truck as we drive into the country side on this weekend day. I look over as you lean against the door deep in thought one finger to your lips thinking about what is in store for you today. You are wearing a sundress that buttons all the way up you wanted to wear the heels that match but not suited for the country so you have on sandals. I watch your eyes as you keep looking when you think I am unaware in the back seat and see the pack there with the rope attached to the side coiled nicely.I break the silence as I ask.

" Did you remember to pack everything on the list" ?

You look startled as if awakened from your daydreaming. as you say.

 "Yes Sir" .

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I tell you to open the glove box and to get the massage oil out of it. As you open the glove box and see the contents massage oil , your favorite toy, two wrist cuffs , two ankle cuffs, and three cothes pins. you take out the oil and close the box as a smile brightens across your face.

"Put the lotoin on your body " I say.

You watch as I then return to driving down the road, I watch as you apply the oil to your legs and arms and then sit there with it. All you hear is Me say 

" Every inch".

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Then I reach over and grasp you by the hair and pull you to Me. I release your hair and watch as you tentavely start to unbutton your dress button by button .As you are unbuttoning the last buttons I see you wear nothing underneath as instructed. I take the oil which lays between your Thighs and open the top of the dress and pour the oil all over your chest to your stomach then put the lotoin down on the seat and continue to drive. I watch as you massage the oil into your neck and work down across your breasts and stomach. I watch as you close your eyes and forget your surroundings and start to relax as you rub the lotion into your upper thighs , no longer caring how your exposed. You feel the oil fall into your sex as your eyes come open as I drip the lotoin on you. You look into my eyes as if for approval. Then you open your thighs as your hand moves between them.The air fills with the scent of your arousal as you massage the lotoin into your sex, I watch as you lose yourself in the feelings, As your hips start to move into your hand and you bite your lip in your need.Just as you feel unable to care as the feelings start to become to much and you start to fall. You hear Me say,

"Take off the dress and turn around with your ass toward Me".

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You are shocked aware that I knew how close you were.As you slowly remove your hand from between your thighs, I see the pout on your lips and do as told and reach up to take the dress from your body, as I say. 

"Hold out your hands"

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You turn toward me and hold out both hands arms extended. I grasp the wrist of the hand which you had between your thighs. You watch as I bring your hand to my lips. I hear your moan as I lick from the wrist to each fingertip, then I release your hand.

"Now do as I asked" I say.

You take the dress from your body and it lands in the floor as you turn and put your ass up and head down by the door as you feel the oil drip into the small of your back and down your ass.

"Every inch" I say.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;As I return back to the road, I watch as you take both hands and massage the oil into your ass and thighs grasping each cheek as you massage the lotoin in, fingers grazing your sex as you massage away all inhibitions gone now, now&nbsp; there is&nbsp; just the moment. I reach over and massage the oil into your back where you are unable to reach as I feel the heat of you in My hands your fingers are now massaging your ass and sex as your breathing becomes quick and needful.

"Turn around and get dressed "is all you hear Me say. as I smack that ass one good one to make the point.

As you turn around and take your dress from the floor., I say.

"Hurry up as W/we are stopping to eat at the next exit.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You look out the windshield and see next exit one mile as you hurry to dress fingers fumbling with buttons as you wiggle into your dress. I pull off the highway onto the exit as the last button is in place and stop at the gas station to fill up.&nbsp; I open the door to get out and&nbsp; I open the glove box and take out the three clothes pins within, as I say.

"' One on your clit and one on each lip beside your clit ,&nbsp; before I get back in. "

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I toss them into your lap and shut the door as I exit. you watch as I start to fill the truck with fuel, as you look down into your lap at the pins, in your state of arousal you know the bite will be enough to send you over the edge as you take each and place them as instucted , your clit is so sensitive at this point the pins have never felt as they do now and the lips are engorged with your arousal. I hear the moan escape your lips as each is put in place. I finish the fueling and get back in as I look over at you pouting in your need. It is a short drive to the resturant and W/we pull into the driveway and park I get out and come over to your side and open the door as I escort you inside. We are seated at the table, our order is taken and drinks brought over.

I ask you " Having fun" as I watch you squirm around in the seat.

"Yes Sir", is all you say.

The food is brought to us and as we eat.

I say " Hand Me the pins now" .

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You almost choke as you hear these words but look into My face and know I mean it. You reach down and release the first from your lip as the bite intensifies and you moan then the next one comes off the other lip and last but not least the one on your clit a shudder goes through you as the sensation rakes your soul as your hand comes into view holding three pins as you place them in My hand, you hear Me say.

 " You are welcome".

I continue to eat and finish My meal . The pins are next to my plate sitting in plain view I watch as small beads of sweat form on your face and neck as the waitress comes over to ask if we need anything else.I continue to eat as she stands by the table you see the pins in clear view as she stands there. You know she can see the pins on the table , you are mortified she knows your secret. You feel the wetness between your legs grow and shake your head , as if in disbelief. You feel your heart racing, its not from fright or shame, its from your own needs. The waitress 's voice cuts thru the silence as you sit there as she asks.

"Will there be anything else Sir"&nbsp;&nbsp; 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You hear these words ,as you look at the waitress your body screams for you to say the words proclaiming me as your Sir. You are not ready in your journey yet into submission to do so. You sit argueing with yourself in your head to just shout it out but you still hold back. You sit up straight chest out to show she is no match for you. With this small change you feel yourself becoming more excited and wanting.&nbsp; You can tell you are not the only female at the table that is aroused , as you watch the waitress looking down at the pins, You watch as she shifts back and forth as I just sit there eating not looking directly at either of you,but observing everything you both do.&nbsp; The waitress asks me again.

"Will there be anything else Sir"&nbsp; 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; I take another bite then another. I am ignoring her on purpose so the question in her own body will grow, I smile to myself as I wonder , maybe she will make Another a nice submissive. After several minutes of her shifting back and forth as if wanting to leave the table but unable to, her glancing at me , the pins , and you she turns and starts to leave. She hears me say.

"I did not tell you to leave"

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She turns and approaches the table her eyes question me, I wouldn't have the nerve to talk to her like that, I say nothing else but watch as her face changes from one of outrage to questioning as her own body, starts to betray her. She stands at the table waiting. ,She shifts more&nbsp; from foot to foot she looks over at you questioning.then to the table and asks . 

 "Will there be anything else Sir"&nbsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp; 
 
I look up at her then at you and point to you, I watch as you take a deep breath then say.

"Sir is well pleased ,that will be all for now,thank you"

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The waitress excuses herself ,she looks down at the pins she looks over at you, she to has noticed the change in you. No longer do you slouth in your chair , no longer do you glance about the room every few secounds , worried someone will know you as you are, A man and woman together at a table across are laughing , carrying on a conversation. Instead of slouthing down worried they are talking about you, you straighten more in your chair, The change is remarkable as I watch you , and finish my meal. I wait til you have&nbsp; finished your meal as you set you fork down on the empty&nbsp; plate I ask.

" Ready for dessert" ?

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;As you look into My eyes I take the pins from the table where they lay , and hand them back to you. You look down at the three pins in my palm.I watch as your lip trembles as you quickly scan the room to see if everyone is watching you. You reach over and cover the pins with your hand as you place your hand over my palm. I see the look in your face as if you are going to question me. Your hand tightens over mine as you see the waiteress approach with a pitcher of drinks. I move my hand , as you clutch the pins,&nbsp; to give the waiteress our glasses. As the glasses are filled I see your hand clutching tightly around the pins as it lays on the table Then she moves off to another table 

" You forgot to thank me when you took these off".

I watch as you take pins from my palm with trembling fingers and move your hand under the table.

"Wait til I say yes", the look on your face is priceless as you do as told hold the pins in your lap waiting. I signal to the waitress and she comes to the table.Her demeanor and walk is softer as moves to right next the table . Her eyes scan the table then to me and then to you , she sees the pins laying in your lap, she shifts her body closer to your side of the table, She doesnt look directly at me as she says.

"Will there be anything else Sir"? 

"Yes" I say.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I watch as your body shifts in your seat as you take the first pin in hand, the waitress moves closer to your side of the table she is looking down at you , your eyes look pleading toward me as you move your dress aside to place the first pin, from where the waitress is standing she can see all, that you are doing, her hands clasp the table, as she looks on, I can't see from where I sit, but I know from the look in your eyes that the first pin is in place.The waitress asks, her eyes never leaving your lap

" Would you care to see the desert menu Sir".

"Yes", I say.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A moan escapes your lips as you reach down and take the other pin from your lap and place it on the lip of your sex, the waitress doesnt move, her hands are white knuckled as she grasps the table, I watch as she stands upright her legs seem to not have the energy from before as she steadies herself, then leaves to get the menu and I know the second pin is in place.

The waitress returns and hands me the menu, as I look it over, she moves to your side of the table, and looks down at your lap.&nbsp; I slide the menu back to her and say.

" No thank you , as you can see I have desert".

The waitress looks down in your lap your hand has not moved, she seems as disappointed as you do , then she asks. Her voice betraying her own need.

"Are you ready for your bill Sir"?

"Yes". I say.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The shudder that goes thru you as you pick up the last pin and place it around your swollen clit, the waitress stands there I hear you both gasp as the pin closes and pinches your clit..The waitress's body shakes; then she looks over to me and says. 

"I will return shortly with your check Sir"


 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She leaves the table, and makes&nbsp; for the restrooms at the back of the resturant, It is several minutes that she is gone, finally she walks out of the restroom area, she walks up to the computer and enters the bill, then she walks back to our table, and hands me the bill, as she turns to leave, I look at the bill then take a one hundred dollar bill and lay it on the table.I get up and come over to you and take your arm and walk you out of the resturant, and back out to the truck. as you slide into the seat I grasp your thigh as you hear me say,

" As soon as you get out of that dress you can play with your toy".

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I close your door and walk around to the drivers side, as I enter the truck you are already fumbling with the buttons.I drive out of the parking lot, by the time I reach the onramp the dress hits the floor and you are reaching into the glove box.You start to play with your toy slowly sliding it in and out of your sex ,you reach to the side of the seat and pull the latch now you are laying back your feet on the dashboard, your need is great now as you increase your tempo of your thrusts, all I hear is you saying yes as you pleasure yourself and I say. 

"You must beg to cum"

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I watch as you lay there your mind taking in my words, your hands still you no longer plunge the toy into your sex, you know the meaning of these words , that with your begging you are giving complete control of your body to me, that your surrender to your wants will be complete, your body needs release , as if on thier own your hands move your toy in and out of your sex.l to soon your bodfor you dont care if the world ends at that moment you must cum your body screams for release.I look over and watch as you bite your lip as you move the toy slowly into your sex, I grasp your hair and say .

"Dont hold back little one"

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Your mouth opens as if to ask why, your eyes look to mine,I see the hesitation in them, then your eyes lower .I move you back to the seat, and release your hair, and continue to drive, you know I demand nothing ,the choice is yours. Your hands start to slowly move your toy within and back out of your sex, I hear you moan as you flick the pin on your clit with your finger as you plunge the toy deeply within you.Iwatch as your legs tremble against the dashboard, the battle within yourself has been won as you moan and thrash your head about as you plunge the toy faster and harder into your sex . the sounds of your sexs need heard each time you thrust the toy in and out, I watch as the need becomes to great and hear you moan.

"Please may I cum Sir"

I reach down and take the pin on your clit , as I release the pin I say.

" Cum for Me now".

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The sight before My eyes is you in all your glory as a submissive woman lost in your feelings and need as you release yourself.I watch as you go over the edge, your legs stiffen ,drool falls from your open mouth as you stare blankly ahead and moan your release. All to soon your legs fall to the floor your hands go to your breasts your body slides halfway out of your sex. Minutes pass then you come back to earth your eyes open and look over to me, I reach out and grasp your hair in my hand and say.

"Two more pins to go I didnt tell you to stop"

The moan that escapes your lips is unlike before as release your hair and go back to driving you sit there then you look over at me and tell me how you have never had more than one orgasm and that you didnt think you could.Ilook over at you and say.

"You can and you will"

I drive on as you slowly start to move your toy, within moments you have your feet on the dashboard and are plunging your toy harder within your sex, soon your need increases, within moments as your body trembles you hear Me say.

" Cum for Me now".

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;From somewhere deep within you my words trigger your release, as you moan yes and I reach over and the two remaining pins are released from your lips.Your body trembles as the pain and pleasure mix to become one within you, Your mouth opens but no sound comes as your body trembles When you have spent all you can give you slump back in the seat as the toy slowly works inself from your body and drops to the floorboard.I reach over and take your legs and place them on the seat next to me your body shifts and turns on the seat&nbsp; you so your ass is toward Me as you lay across the seat, I say 

"Rest little one as the day has just begun".

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;As I drive on into the country, you lay there. I watch you sleep and think to Myself soon little one you will get all you desire. As if able to read My thoughts a shiver runs through your body and a soft contented moan escapes your lips.I reach down and place My hand softly on your ass and continue to drive after several minutes you shift your body on the seat so My hand is nestled between your ass cheeks.A smile comes across My face as you wiggle your ass , trying to plant My hand close to your sex but with each move you make I move My hand to the cheek again . then I start to slowly graze the flesh with My nails back and forth.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Are you just pretending to sleep. I will soon know as My fingers slowly graze downward barely touching your skin across your ass and downward over the puckered opening of your ass, so close within a nails length then back to your cheek slowly in circles moving ever closer.You enjoy the tease as you lay there moving slowly with My hand but unable to capture it, after awhile of this teasingI stop and lay My hand firmly on your cheek and start to grasp the flesh first one cheek then the other.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Watching as your sex opens before me and moisture forms on the lips knowing the pleasure to come. as your body responds to My touch the way you lay there I can see all. your body holds no secrets from me.I slide My hand down til My thumb is nestled between the lips of your sex as my fingers open and close between your cheeks slowly tapping one finger across your asshole. your hips move sliding My thumb deeper between your lips as I bend My finger and place on your asshole and just leave there slowly tapping.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You moan as you slide downward on My thumb and finger knowing the thumb will not go any further without the finger. I watch as your hips start to unjulate with need. My thumb becomes soaked from the wettness of you as the need grows further in you and you start to move faster.I remove My hand and place it back with My fingers between your wet lips and My thumb against your asshole. the chose is yours now as you moan two fingers at the entrace to your sex two upon your clit as if unable to control your need your body moves sinking all deeply into your body, As you sigh.

" Yes".

I continue to drive as you pleasure yourself rocking back and forth on My hand and the miles go by ,with each passing mile your need grows stronger, your movements becoming quick and urgent. through it all you hear Me say.

"So close My little one".

I hear the moan escape your lips

"Yes so close please may I cummm".

I remove My hand and you look up startled pouting into My eyes .

"Did I do something wrong", you ask.

I laugh and say no little one we are close to our destination. I reach down and toss the dress into your lap and say.

" Get dressed only two more miles to go til the exit".

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Pouting you put on your dress then sit there with your finger in your mouth legs crossed. We arrive at the cabin within minutes from a dirt road . There is a car next to it with a man standing there.I stop the car and get out of the truck. I walk around the truck and open your door and escort you out. We both walk up to the man and he says,

"I hope you enjoy. everythings been stocked as requested".

He eyes you up and down, your hair undone , two buttons undone at the waist. The smell of your arousal fills the air
He smiles and asks for rest of money due.I say,

"Yes I have it in the truck and tell you to stay put".

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;We walk to the truck as you stand there as if frozen .I retrieve the money from the glove box and as we stand by the door he counts it. We then walk back to where you are standing.He looks you up and down knowingly, then smiles and shakes my hand and smiles and gets into his car and drives off. I look over at you and you seem upset.

"What wrong little one", I say.

"I didnt like the way he looked at me", you say.

I laugh and say.

"Lets get the things out of the truck" .

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;We walk over and I start to unload the back and tell you to get things in front. you move to the passenger side and open the door .The gasp is heard from you loud and clear as you look down on the floor board and see three clothes pins and your favorite toy which still glistens with your moisture.As you stand there aghast I walk up drop the things ,put My arms around you and rip all the buttons off your dress leaving it flapping in the wind.I walk away toward the cabin with bags in hand laughing saying.

"Maybe he will give us a discount next time" 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You run up to me shaking your fists&nbsp; furiously at me, your dress open exposed as you are.You aproach and beat on my chest.Tears fall from your eyesas you feel betray your secret has been exposed. I drop the things I carry at my feet reach out and grab you by the hair holding you at arms length as you struggle to get nearer . you start to try to kick me,as you do I raise my arm higher holding your hair until you are on your toes trying to gain your footing . I hold you like this until you calm down ,as I look into your eyes and hold you there and say.

"I told you I would never strike you in anger, show me the same respect"

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I feel the fight go out of you with my words. I lower my hand so you may stand flatfooted again on the ground, the tears have streaked your face, your body glistens with sweat from your exertions, you try to stare me down but soon your eyes lower to the ground, your legs start to tremble as the full knowledge of what just happened strikes home. You hear me say.

"If you wish to leave we will and go our seperate ways"

 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I release your hair and your knees buckle til you kneel at my feet. I dont look at you as I pick up the bags and walk to the cabin , I put the bags down on the porch and open the door , you watch as I walk inside. You kneel there your mind racing as your heart beats hard in your chest. The choice is yours to continue the journey into your submission or to leave this journey.You remember back to before how lonely you were searching but not knowing what you desired . I come out of the cabin and sit down on the chair on the porch. I dont push you either way, you must want what I give or not. you watch me on the porch. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I sit on the porch watching to see what you will do.After several minutes I see you take the dress from your shoulders and let it fall to the ground behind you at your waist. I watch as you lean forward so your hands are before you and rise and crawl over to the porch. you do not look at me but at the ground as you crawl forward til you reach the steps of the porch you rise to your knees and kneel before me saying.

" I desire to be punished for striking you Sir"


 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I stand up from the chair, and walk toward you and down the steps of the porch, I linger on the last step. Your eyes are downcast but I know you see all I do. I walk past you to the truck, you hear the door open , your mind screams for you to turn around but you stay in position kneeling there. I retrieve the bag in the back seat and close the door. I walk back to where you kneel and place the bag infront of you on the step. I reach down and take the rope which is on the side of the bag. I unwind the rope before your body.I take each end of the rope and wind one around each wrist util I reach the middle, you see two feet of rope dangling between my hands. I place my hands infront of your face. I watch as you raise your hands before you then you clasp your wrists together with the rope, then pull you arms to the side as I lift the rope high , you get to your feet unable to stay kneeling . I lead you to a tree which stands by the cabin in across from the porch.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;No words are said as I point to the tree you stand where I have pointed, as I walk around it letting the rope from my wrist as I do. I let the rope hang to the ground around the tree trunk.I I take the rest of the rope from my wrists and the rope across your hands. I take your hair in my handand lower your head down, you start to kneel . My hand moves between your legs you spread them slightly as you feel my hand hold your sex.I lower your head by your hair till you are bent at the waist , ass raised high. I release my hold on your hair and sex and walk in front of you and take the rope and start to pull it tight around the tree till you move forward , slowly you move until your arms which hang before you to your ankles press against the tree. I walk around the tree several more time and pull the rope snuggly to the tree .I tie a knot in the rope and throw both ends around the tree on oppisite sides.I walk back to where you stand and secure each ankle to one end of the rope. When you are secure to the tree.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I walk behind you , without warning I smack both ass cheeks hard, you gasp as you know your punishment will be severe, from deep down within yourself the truth reveals itself, you need this.I hear you moan as I smack your ass cheeks again, I watch as your ass becomes pink as the heat radiates out to your body , I deliver two smacks to each cheek ,I see you raise to you toes as the smacks are felt, I wait til you are standing flatfooted again on the ground . I deliver three smacks to each ass cheek your body trembles as you moan loudly, I wait til your body calms then ,I deliver four of my best to each ass cheek your body struggles in the ropes&nbsp; as you move side to side with each smack, I deliver five to each cheek just as you start to calm down. Your ass glows now deep red from the smacks delivered, I walk back to the porch and get the flogger and walk back to you, I start at your&nbsp; ankles flogging your body and work up flogging each inch of skin until I reach your shoulders. I move to where your head hangs , the only sound is moans . I reach down and take your hair in my hand and raise your face, I place the flogger before your lips and press it to them. You open your mouth and take it within biting down on it , I release the flogger and your hair saying..

"Now stay and think hard before you speak",


 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You hear me walk away but cant see me as your hair hangs down infront of your face . I make several trips to the truck unpacking and moving things into the cabin.When I have finished the unpacking I walk up to you and untie you from the tree and as your body slumps to the ground I wind the rope back up neatly, I walk over to the porch and place the rope back . I walk over to where your lay your body to the ground your ass high, and reach down and grasp your chin so you come to a kneeling position I take the flogger from your lips and say.

"Now what is it you wish to discuss little one"? 

Your head is held but your eyes are drawn downward unable to face Mine as you say one word.

"why".

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I look at you as a tear falls upon your cheek, Your skin shines with the sheen of perspiration on it. Your hair tangled and strewn on your head. your wrists have the marks of your inner struggle. I have never witnessed a more beautiful women then the one before me kneeling. I lean and softly kiss your lips and say.

"I give you what you seek" 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You look at Me with the look I adore , I see your body tremble as my words sink deep with you striking you at your core, just the thought makes your sex moisten, your nipples harden as your breath catches in your throat.You know finally that this is what you have been seeking. That knowledge of yourself explodes within you as you feel yourself moisten&nbsp; more. You raise up straight ,breasts out as you strive for perfection in your kneeling and say. 

" Thank You for all You do Sir"

"Now get your things from the front of the truck"I say.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I walk back toward the cabin and as I reach the door I turn&nbsp; taking the flogger and smacking it down on the railing of the porch , You stop dead in your tracks I watch as you turn around looking in my direction and hear me say. 

"Don't keep me waiting littlle one"

I watch as you run to the truck .



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Midnytedreams(no email) 


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





