BDSM Library - Bestowed Discipline




Bestowed Discipline
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: 






&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

Bestowed Discipline

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

As I sat on on my knees, my hands tied to my ankles, my mouth gagged and tied tight, the sounds of Mozart filling my ears. my hands growing numb and my knees hurting. The gag in my mouth has left it dry, swallowing has become a chore. I look down at my cock, the roach clips in place, the flesh around them turning red. Shaking my head as I notice the hardness of my cock, if my mouth was not gagged I would call him a traitor. I wonder who's side he is on! I have no idea how long nor what my full punishment will be. I can only watch and wait as my Mistress entertains herself with the new little plaything that I was instructed to bring to her. My punishment would not have been near as bad if I had not over stepped my place and lost control. Playing with the girl before bringing her to Mistress was strictly forbidden. But when she ask I could not lie to her, that was what brought the crop across my back. Through the hypnotic sounds of Mozart the moans of pleasure reach my ears, I look up at the scene that is playing out in front of me. Smiling at me as she begins to fondle the sweet little creatures breast, the palm of her hand rubbing over the hard nipples, the moans from the girl drives me wild. Watching her touch the plaything is so erotic making it very hard to hide the excitement that grows within me. Not wanting another sting of the crop I try to control myself, knowing that Mistress is keeping a very close watch on me and her hard cock.&nbsp; Mistress teases and plays with her body all the while watching to see my reaction. She pinches and pulls at the small firm nipples, the little creature arches her back and a slight scream escapes her lips. I feel the pre cum on the end of my cock and I know that if Mistress sees it the punishment will be harsh. Mistress stops what she is doing, Pulls her plaything by the hair towards me, pushing her down in front of me, telling her to clean her pussy juice from the head of my cock. I look up very confused but the wicked smile on Mistress's face tells me what is about to happen.&nbsp; Her arm raises and the riding crop falls on my shoulders. The first sting of the crop across my back knocked me off balance, before my mind could register the pain the second one was delivered. The pain of the crop across my back with the warm wetness around my cock made me feel more than alive, if I had not been gagged I would have begged for no mercy, to give me the crop until I could have exploded in the mouth that was so eagerly feeding on my cock. But Mistress had so much more in store for me to let that happen.&nbsp; the sting of the crop runs through my body as it touches the flesh of my shoulders again and again! "You will control yourself" her voice steady and strong. She pulls the girl away and with the tip of her shoe parts the girls legs.

The look of uncertainty on the girls face brings to me a whole new level of arousal. I am the one tied and gagged yet she is the one immobile. Naked in front of me, her pussy swollen and dripping, the signature of my Mistress! The scent of her cum mixed with mine lingers around me.



Not more than two hours ago I was setting in the pub buying drinks for this sweet little thing, charming her, delighting her with my words, talking her into this very situation.

 She wanted a thrill, something different. Her very words play over in my mind. Yes that is what she wanted and that is what she will receive! Mistress never fails to deliver. I should have refrained, should have controlled my demons, but she looked so lovely, so wanting. Playing her games, touching my hand, rubbing her neck as she talked to me. Spilling her little dark desires out on the table. She was what Mistress had ask for. I gaze upon the the gift that I had brought to Mistress, laying there in front of me, her dark needs exposed to me.&nbsp; How I had taken her by the hand and lead her out the pub doors, the chill of night air drawing her closer to me, her smell bringing a change to me. My control gone, even with the knowledge of the punishment that would be bestowed upon me I had to have her, I had to feel myself inside of her. Pulling her into the darkness, slamming myself into her, her body left with nowhere to go, she submitted to me. Her mouth warm with desire as my lips demanded surrender. Her breast pressed next to me, her breathing deep and accelerated.&nbsp; As my hand wrapped around her small wrist and brought her arms above her head, I could smell the fear that was growing, but I knew she would not pull away, she wanted the fear to embrace her. She needed to feel alive. My hand as skillful as any artist ripped at her panties, as I pulled them away from her soft body her legs spread inviting me in. Her pussy already wet my fingers slipped in, not many had been where I was about to go. God it felt so good to take her. The thought of my Mistress and the whip came to my mind but it was far to late, the demon had come out to play.



I could almost feel the whip on my back as I worked my cock into her body. The little sounds she made, the smell of her desires mixed with the night air made the need to violate her grow stronger. I pushed my cock into her feeling her back slamming against the brick wall. Looking into her face I reveled in what I saw, the pain, the fear, the need, what I was creating showed. She was biting down hard on her lip trying not to let a scream out. God I wanted her to scream, I wanted to see tears in her eyes, I needed it as much as she wanted it. The tightness of her pussy engulfed my cock as I abused it, I knew I had ripped her I knew that the wetness that I felt was not just the sweet juice from her pussy. With just that thought in mind it was so very hard to control my need to explode in her body, to know that my cum would be mixed with not only her own cum but also with her blood! Mistress already knew what I was doing, I could feel her, I could smell her. I had taken what was to be my punishment and had turned it into my pleasure. But it felt so good to fuck this sweet little thing. I grabbed her chin forcing her to look at me, I needed to see the look in her eyes as I gave into my own lust. The fear that took hold of both of us as I let myself go inside of her. I fell to my knees, I felt her hands on my shoulders, I could here her voice but the voice inside of my own mind was to loud for me to understand what she was saying. I was begging for Mistress to take pity on me, which I knew she would not. Regaining my composer I picked her panties up shoved them in my pocket and got to my feet. Taking her hand and in a deep silence began to walk towards the house



At the door I could hear Mozart, his Clarinet Concerto. A beautiful piece.&nbsp; Mistress would be waiting for us, in her overstuffed chair that she loved so much. Drinking a glass of wine, perhaps reading. And yes as lovely as always. The long dark blue dress split on both sides, her legs crossed showing the top of her thigh highs, the long sliver chain around her neck accented her cleavage. The sight of her always took my breath away. I could feel the nervousness from the girl as her hand tightened in mine. I stood in the doorway waiting for&nbsp; Mistress to call me in. Her voice was soft and sensual when she spoke. "Please my pet show our lovely guest in." The room had a soft warm glow to it and mixed with the music and her scent I felt a bit lightheaded. I stood in front of my Mistress, presenting her with the little Imp. She patted her leg and leaving the girl standing on display I walked to her side and sat down. Never taking her eyes from the girl, she stroked my hair and then my cheek. "Did you fuck her?" As if forced from my lips I lowered my head and answered yes. She spoke softly to me, "you understand how displeased I am, and what I must do." Yes I understood the severity of what I had done and knew the punishment would be harsh. Yet my longing for what she would do to me grew stronger, needing her touch in what ever way made her happy. She lifted my chin and kissed me, the world slipped away as her lips touched mine, the softness, the warmth, my cock harden my body melted. She pulled away from me and offered the glass of wine, "your last drink until my displeasure has passed." The dark wine filled my mouth, I took as much as I could, I knew her words to be the truth. She pulled the girls panties from my pocket, rubbing them across my mouth, I opened as she pushed them in. Watching as she picked the electric cord from off the floor, my heart quickened, this was the one tie I had a huge aversion to. It was always a very painful and uncomfortable feeling. Yet my cock betrayed my feelings. Once Mistress was done securing my mouth she stood me up to face the little Imp that I had just fucked. The girls eyes showed disbelief, fear and desire. Curiously watching, never taking her eyes from us as Mistress undressed me, stripping my pants off to reveal my cock as it stood at attention, leaving me standing naked facing her little plaything. Turning her attention to the girl she began to undress her, running her hands over the creamy naked flesh the perverse little Imp giving in to the pleasure as her body was being caressed by a strangers hands. Seeing her nakedness for the first time, knowing I had been inside of her made my dark lust grow. 



I had lost count of the strap on my back, it had gone past ten when I felt her body heat next to my bare skin as she leaned into my back. Whispering in my ear, she explained her love for me and the great pleasure she attained from seeing the red whelps arise on my back. I knew tonight she would take me to my limits and beyond. Again and again the crop fell on my back, from my shoulders down to my ass, not one inch of flesh was untouched, my back burning, my cock aching to be touched, how much more I could endure for her. My thoughts racing, my legs growing weak from the power of the crop. Then her touch as light as a feather on my swollen flesh, her lips on my neck, her tongue licking at the punishment she had brought to me. I flinched as she touched me, the pain leaving my mind only to be replaced with her loving touch. Always so tender to me, taking care to bring relief to my wounded body. How I wanted to please her as she pleased me, how I needed to give her what she desired, what she deserved to have. I could give this to no one but her. She pulled the girl from my cock, grabbing the little tramp by the hair, forcing her mouth between those long beautiful legs as I watched the plaything lick between the thighs of my Mistress, I could almost taste her wonderful pussy.&nbsp; She had pulled herself open and the little Imps tongue was acting as a cock, pushing in as far as it would go deeper and deeper inside the delicate opening, allowing the sweet juices to drip down her chin. Mistress's head back her hands gripped at the Imps head keeping her where she wanted her. As she rocked her hips back and fourth pushing the nasty little playthings mouth closer into her, the wonderful soft moans filled my ears. The sounds of the lapping and licking at the sweltering lips of my Mistress's pussy made my need for release grow fierce. I begged with my eyes, yet I knew as she smiled at me that my suffering was bring limitless pleasure to her. My balls ached my cock stiff and so in need of milking.&nbsp; All the delicious nectar from her pussy would be enjoyed by that nasty little Imp as her cries told me she was going to cum,. No other women had ever had such a sweet and wonderful taste to me as my Mistress. I wanted her taste on my lips, but I knew that she would not allow such a thing on this night. When she was done she pushed the girl aside telling her to go clean her self up. Now she turned her attention back to me. I truly wanted what ever punishment a waited me. My pain was to be her pleasure. Taking my face in her hands she kissed my gagged and tied lips. "My sweet pet you do wish to atone for your mistake, to sat at my side wanting only to make me happy?" her voice melted me, all I could do was shake my head yes. "Then get me my candles."



When I returned Mistress had the little plaything laid out on the floor like a virgin sacrifice. I thought how very appropriate, maybe this would help to appease the angered Goddess. Standing in the doorway waiting for Mistress to summon me, I could see the little Imp spread eagle, Mistress playing between her legs, pinching and pulling at the playthings clit while inserting her long luscious fingers in and out of the sopping pussy until her whole fist was consumed, the little tramp arched her back and her body wildly bucked from the painful invasion, Mistress showed no mercy. Even though I wished for a closer view I dared not move. I just stood and watched as the playthings body was being used. What a lovely sight to behold. She pulled her soaked fist from the ravaged hole and held it to the girls mouth to be licked clean. Her voice much softer as she spoke to me"Come to me my pet" Handing the candles to her I waited for her instruction's. "On your knees, Now!"&nbsp; I knelt over the girl, the look in her eyes alone could have brought me to a much needed orgasm, I wondered if she would cry, I hoped she would. Two lit candles were handed to me and I understood her silent command.&nbsp; As I slowly dripped the melting wax across the little Imps breast, I could feel the wax hitting my own raw flesh, for every drop that landed on the Imp one landed on my back, taking my breath away every time the hot wax hit the whelps that covered my skin. My hands shaking as I kept one candle over the creatures breast, every time the hot wax landed on her perfect little brown nipples she would let out a small whimper. The other candle I kept moving up and down her stomach and down to her small slit. She tried so hard not to move, I understood her pain and how her body and mind was trying so very hard to adjust to the situation she had placed herself in. I could smell the scent of my Mistress, her arousal was very apparent to me, her body so close to mine I could breathe her scent in as it surrounded me.&nbsp; I wanted desperately to turn to her, to bury my face between her legs, just a taste of her, just to feel the soft wetness that I knew was flowing from her. She caressed my hair as she let the candles wax fall upon my flesh, I tried to please her by lowering the candles closer to the girls skin, making her body squirm and allowing screams to escape her lushious lips. If I pleased Mistress maybe she would allow me to give her pleasure, allow me to taste her, to feel the warm wetness of her insides on my cock. 



My back now covered in wax, the pretty little tramp that stretched out in front of me also covered in wax, she had surrendered to the pain and now her body lay limp, her eyes closed, the stillness of her made her breathing seem almost fake. Mistress pulled me to a standing position and ordered me to bring her the six inch dildo. The pain from my back caused my head to spin as I walked out of the room. My thoughts were jumbled, my body aching, I wondered how much longer my punishment would go on. Knowing when she was done, I would still want more. Returning to the room I stood in the doorway, dildo in hand I watched my Mistress between the legs of her new plaything. The girl was begging and moaning, grabbing at the floor as Mistress made love to the eager pussy using only her tongue. I wished to reach for my cock, just to feel the touch of it, It throbbed for relief. But I knew not to until I was given permission. If I thought getting on my knees and begging would have helped I would have at that second dropped and begged for the relief I so needed. But she would have only denied me longer. She was bringing the girl to unbelievable height's, a place of no return, her head back her body arched and taunt, grabbing at her breast just as her body collapsed. Mistress motioned me in the room and patted the floor next to her. As I sat next to her I could see the wetness smeared between the girls thighs, her pussy so wet and swollen and still wanting more. Mistress leaned into me and licked my cheek, the scent of the little creatures pussy still heavy on her mouth, and I wanted nothing more than to kiss those lips, to taste the sweetness that lingered upon them. In her soft lustful voice she told me to mount the girl, but at no time was I to cum. I understood what her desires were, to stretch and fill my ass to fuck me like an animal was what she craved, what she needed. I wanted nothing more than to give to her the pleasure of taking me, of fucking me while I fucked the this nasty little Imp. I mounted the girl with only feelings of depraved lust, my hard cock having no problems finding its way inside the wet swollen hole. Then spreading myself, presenting my tight opening so I could be taken.



My cock immersed in the swollen moistened hole of the girl made controlling my urges almost impossible, the longing to cum was overwhelming. I knew I had to gain control of my passion before Mistress mounted me. I would only be allowed to move inside the little Imp when Mistress thrust into me, any movement on my own would be termed as disobedient, and would provoke disciplinary action. I could fell the coldness of the slippery lube as my ass was being primed and made ready for Mistress and her hard rubber cock. She played with my hole, teasing my balls as she masterfully inserted a finger inside of me. Awakening my insatiable animal needs. My cock sheathed in the luscious warmth of the Imps pussy, I yearned for the rubber cock to fill my ass so my throbbing aching cock could plunge into the fevered wetness of the dirty little Imp. Mistress was teasing me. seeing how far she could push my control, She would bring me to the edge before she would impale me with her cock. Her fingers softly rubbing the burning whelps on my back, my body burned with every touch. I accepted her carnal request as I felt the head of her cock press firmly against my groomed opening, in one hard brutal thrust her cock was immersed in me. She slowly pulled the cock back out and once again with a wild fury began to fuck me. It was an obscene passion as I was forced to fuck the Imp as my Mistress fucked my ass. Grabbing my hips pulling me on her cock and then pushing me forward, and with ever thrust that Mistress delivered I harshly forced my rigid cock into the girls swollen pussy. Her body pushed forward with each savage assault, her eyes tightly closed as the screams and cries escaped her lips. Her body flushed and saturated with her own sweat. She looked delicious to me, the knowledge of her pain and ecstasy kindled in me a fierce cruel lust. Mistress was feeding her insatiable needs and I was not sure how much longer my body could hold out. My ass was stretched and the searing pain racked my very being. Just as my body began to tense, Mistress pulled the cock from my swollen ass, I fell on top of the Imp breathless and used. I could hear my Mistress, her beastly howls filled the room, I knew she was bringing herself to a wonderful climax. And until she was ready for me once again, I laid on top of the girl, her body trembling from the hard fucking she had just received, my own body drenched with the mix of our sweat. Lost in myself I did not feel the rope around my wrist until Mistress tightened it.



As Mistress pulled me up off her little plaything I gazed down upon her. Her body still shaking, drenched in sweat, her chest raising and falling, her hands now lay still above her head. She was used, but a glorious sight to behold. Like me she had been taken to a very dark place within her mind, a place she probably never even knew existed. Now that she had experienced this fevered passion, would it grow in her as it had grown in me. Would she forever be in its grip, imprisoned by her dark desires as I am. Mistress led me to the corner, as I was instructed I knelt on my knees. Mistress tied the rope from my wrist to my ankle bringing it behind me she tightly tied up the other side. The ropes bit into my flesh, my body already suffering, the pain melting into my soul. I was one with it, accepting it. Loving it. Mistress played and teased my nipples, pinching them commanding them to do her will, once she was pleased she placed the roach clips slowly on each nipple. A new level of pain gripped my body and mind. My hands tightened around my ankles, I bit hard onto the gag. This was the affirmation that she needed of my undying devotion to her. My obligation to her was to endure the pain that she was capable of inflicting upon my body. And as always I welcomed the ecstasy that she provided. Having no time to adapt to the searing pain caused by the clips that were piercing into my nipples, she grabbed my firm cock and with a cruel smile on her face began placing the rest of the clips on the underside of my cock. Agonizing pain consumed me, to keep my eyes from pleading with her I lowered my head. Her finger tips playing with each clip, as she hummed along with Mozart's piano concerto #21. My body growing weak from the pain, yet my need for the suffering was intoxicating. I would sat as long as she wished, just to know I had given pleasure to her, just to feel her warm touch on my skin, my longing for her insatiable. And with ever savage act, I knew and understood her wicked love for me. As she moved from me, I watched as she went to the girl,&nbsp; I wondered what obscene game that she would request of the her.



I could do nothing but watch. As if Mistress was performing a side show for a paying audience, and that audience was me. The girl knelt before her. Moving her hands and mouth up and down Mistress's stocking clad legs, ravishing her as if she had been bewitched. As I watched the show, I knew just how she felt, for I had also been enchanted by this wicked creature's magnetic pull for so very long. Wanting more, Mistress spread her legs and grabbed the little creatures hair pulling her mouth up. As the girls tongue found its way between the moist thighs, Mistress pulled her in hard. The sounds of the little tramps licking at the luscious opening, the thought of her tongue swirling and probing it's self in and around the soft wetness, seeing my Mistress in such fevered ecstasy as the little tramp consumed herself in the paradise that I had tasted so many time, Mistress cruelly pulling and pinching at the Imps nipples as her body moved to her own music. Throwing her head back, pushing herself into the mouth that was feeding upon her, the screams like a wild beast filled the room. My cock hard and dripping, she pulled the Imp towards me. Forcing her to take my cock in her mouth, I looked at Mistress and as the crop hit my shoulders the blissful cruel smile on her face told me she is once again pleased with me. Pulling the girl from my cock, pushing her down on her back and parting her legs, Mistress squatted over her, as she kissed my gagged mouth her warm golden liquid flowed over the little tramps stomach. She was through with her plaything, it had served her well. Mistress untied my hands, removed the cord and gag from my dry mouth. Taking me by the hand, once again leading me to my sanctuary of enlightenment. She would allow me to feel her body, she would once again awakening in me the demons that she lusted after. The demons that only she could control, the demons that she had created! I would be allowed to consume her body, and in a violent passionate frenzy I would feel her heat and my life force I would mix with hers.









Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Miss V.(no email) 


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





