BDSM Library - Surprise submissive at work




Surprise submissive at work
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: 






Surprise submissive at work


Let me tell you about my first encounter with a closet submissive.

I was looking at this interior of a house I was hoping to paint, and the wife of some important guy was giving me the blues. I had yet to even give an estimate, that's why I was there , in the first place, and she was already yammering about this and that, and making herself quite the nuisance.

I let her continue, for awhile before I just couldn't stand it anymore.

Before I knew it I had grabbed her by the throat, and the back of her head, and wrapped her long, red hair around my fist. I pulled her close to me, and said between clenched teeth, "shut up, bitch" to her quite surprised face.

I knew I had reached a moment of no return, so I snatched her head back, by her hair, and told her to kneel, in the same tone of voice used previously. She did, and it was then that I used one hand to pull out my dick. Keeping one hand in&nbsp; her hair, I shove my dick into her mouth, despite her protests.

I told her that she needed to try to talk all of that shit with a mouth full of cock.
I sawed my dick in and out of her mouth for about ten minutes, before I had a great idea. I had a tape measure that's made of a thin rope, that shows measurements on the thing's display window, and I took it from my belt and grabbing her hands, I tied her wrists behind her. 

She didn'tput up half the fuss, that I would expect, from someone who didn't want to be tied, but at that point, I didn't care anyway.

Once her hands were tied, I told her to not make a sound. I asked her did she understand, and she just nodded at me, withher eyes downcast. 

I then took off all my clothes and stood her up to take off hers. I left her blouse and bra hanging off of her bound wrists, and removed her skirt and panties. She had on some moderately high heels, about four inches, so I left those on, as well.

I then said to her, "I am going to teach you some manners, now bend over."
She did as instructed, and I picked up my pants and slipped my belt out of them. I swung the belt and connected with her asscheeks, and the resounding slap, was preceeded by an equally loud scream. I counldn't have her screaming like that, so I took my shirt and twisted it upon itself and made a makeshift gag, out of it. I tied it tightly behind her head and then, remembering how she had jumped up, took the other end of my measuring tape, and pulled it between her legs, around her neck, and attached it to a leg of a rather expensive looking couch. I was sure that it was heavy enough to hold her where I wanted her. 

She was now, on her knees, bent at the waist, and her ass was presenting the perfect target for my lesson in manners.

I had always wanted to whip and fuck some rich white bitch, and now was my chance!

I bent down to talk to my captive, and noticed her squirming. The thin rope, was rubbing her now wet pussy. "You like this, don't you, you big mouth bitch?" I asked. She could only shake her head no, but I knew she was lying, because she kept squirming. I smacked her ass a couple of tomes with my hand and then rubbed her pussy. My hand came away really wet, and sticky with pussy juice. My dick lurched in pleasure. I said to her, "looks like among your other obvious flaws, you are a liar, to boot." I added, "From now on, you will tell me the absolute truth, when I ask you a question." With that I raied down about thirty good hard strikes to her unprotected ass. She had long ago started to cry and sob. I stopped and rubbed her red, welted asscheeks a moment before I spoke again. "Now I'll ask again. You like being tied and told what to do, don't you?" She nodded her head very quickly and I noticed that the juices were still present and was starting to flow down her inner thighs. I couldn't resist it, I rubbed her pussy some more, and was rewarded with her orgasming on my hand. WOW, I thought, I really lucked-out this time. The next question threw her for a loop. "When will you husband be returning?" I asked, and she tried to speak, but my handy gag prevented anything inteligible, so I removed it. What she told me, made my dick start to drip. She said that she was separated, and that she wanted to get her house painted, as a way to get a new start. She further intimated that she had no one who would be coming to visit, or check-up on her, as her and her husband, had no children. I questioned her further, all the time rubbung and caressing her ass and pussy, and got all the information, that I deemed necessary, to keep from going to prison for rape and kidnapping. 

I had been playing with her, for more than a half hour, by then, and I was ready to explode. I told her I was gonna untie her but she had better do as I told her, or the punishment she got earlier, was gonna be light, in comparison to what I was gonna give her, should she not behave. She nodded and said "yes sir" very submissively.

I untied her hands and instructed her to stay on her knees. My dick was aching to fuck her, but I had all the time in the world, for that now. "suck my dick" I said, and added, "you better not stop until I tell you to, either!" She took my dick in her hands, and looked up at me, for a second, with the biggest green eyes I ever saw, before taking my cock in her mouth. She sucked and slurped and bobbed her head for about three minutes, before I felt myself start to cum. She knew I was cumming and kept going, just as instructed, swallowing all of my seed. I had to push her away, because it started to hurt after awhile, with her sucking me like that. 

I grabbed her by the hair again, and sat down, on her couch, pulling her head into my lap. I kept her on her knees, and made her lick my balls, while I spoke to her. "I'm gonna fuck you, as soon as I catch my breath, but I'm thirsty. Can I trust you to go and get me something to drink, without trying to call for help, and make me beat you?" What she said as an answer floored me. 

She said, "Yes sir, you can, If only you promise to fuck me, like you said you would, and if you can keep treating me like this, I'll do whatever you want, from now on."

I had to know, and asked her why she would want that. She said that that was the reason for her separation, and that her husband never had the notion or the heart to treat her this way. She also said that it was the reason that she had been such a bitch, because she never got what she needed, sexually.

I was amazed and excited, all over again, by the time she was through, but still thirsty, so I sent her off on my errand. She returned with a tray of beverages. A couple of botlles of liquer, iced-tea, soda-pop, juice and a couple of bottles of purified sping water.

"I didn't know what to bring you, sir, so I brought everything that I had ready."

I was pleasantly surprised.

She sat the tray down, on the end table, next to the couch, and fell to her knees in front of me. "I have some clothesline in one of the kitchen drawers, if you want to tie me back up, before you fuck me," she said. I told he rto go and get it, and she was back, momentarily, with a neatly wound bundle of standard white clothesline, in her hand.

She again knelt in front of me and presented to me the clothesline, with both hands, and a look of utter desperation, and adoration, on her face. I was ecstatic! I was hoping to make a little money, painting this interior, and it looked as though I was gonna come out of this a damn site better. 

"Do you just want to be tied and fucked, or do you want to be whipped , as well?' I asked her. "I want you to do whatever you want to do with me, just as long as you use me like a whore and a slave." She said, in reply. 

My dick was starting to ooze again, as she said that, and she leaned in and licked a couple of drops off the head. I reached out and grabbed her hair, and stood up. Pulling her with me. I uncoiled the rope, and tied her hands, in front of her, this time. I had her lay on her back, and tied her hands to the middle leg of the couch. I then tied her ankles, on by one, to the other legs, making her spread them really wide. 

She was very limber, for anolder lady, obviously in her mid to late forties, early fifties.

I then took some of the rope and wound it around my arm and hand. Then I cut all the ends, and tied a knot in the middle. I folded the rope upon itself, and used it as a maeshift flogger. I said, to her, "How many strokes should I give you, slave?" "As many as you wish sir." She replied. "Fifty", I queriied. "a hundred" Trying to see if she was serious. Her breat was getting faster, and deeper, and she was trying to squirm as best she could, in her restricted state, looking at me with smouldering eyes. 

I just started to whip her tits, and lost count somewhere around eighty-five or so, before I couldn't take it any longer, and shoved my dick into her pussy, balls deep, in one stroke. It took her breath away, as my dick is about eight inches long, and two and a half inches thick. I fucked her, like that, for a long time. Probably twenty or so minutes, and she loved every minute of it. She came and came and came yet again, before I emptied my nutts in her pussy. She looked to almost pass out, as I untied her. She just let her legs fall where they may, and lay there, in a position like the dead, with hands on chest, but breathing hard and deeply, and even.

After I caught my breath and put my clothes back on, she was still laying in the same position, she told me I had the job, and not only would she pay me whatever I charged, but I had free run of the place, and the use of her body, whenever and however I so chose.

Before I left, she stood to her knees, and took my dick out of my pants, and kissed the head, three times. She then let her hands, softly, slide down my legs, too my feet, and pressed her head to the ground, between them.

I left there, sated and yet excited still, with the prospect of what I could do tomorrow, with my newfound sub.

To be continued:





























Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Sirbootnocka


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





