BDSM Library - A New Face Returns




A New Face Returns
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: 







Now I was naked with these sweet little girls. Although it was a bit after opening the barn door, I asked Trixie how old she was. Misty brought Trixie's purse to her and the cute little naked redhead girl took out her driver's license. She was legitimately 19 years old, working with my Misty for the state. She pushed her hair back, out of her eyes, looking up at me, "S'alright Daddy?" "Yes, Darling. Good thing too. You look like a thirteen year old junior high school wench." "yes Daddy. Wench, I want to be a wench." She grinned. "you know, Daddy. Your Boy is the first Boy that was ever in me." Dimples, sweetness. Misty put her arm around Trixie. "Daddy's is the best Boy ever!" Misty grinned, the two of them looking like the cat that ate the canary.

Trixie looked at Misty, then at me, then back at Misty. "I wanna see Him get bigger!"

"Wow," I looked at her hard. "You know what makes that happen little one."

"Yes, Daddy," They both chorused this. 

"I think it's time to introduce Trixie to Daddy's belt."

"Yeah Daddy, the belt!" Misty was excited. She had even started breathing a little harder. My sylph, my song! Trixie looked scared, but I knew she was turned on. By me or by Misty? Maybe a little of both.

"Please Daddy, hurt me now." She dropped her eyes to the ground and knelt there, before me. I took her right hand and brought him to my heavy Boy. She caressed him and I spoke, "Yes Trixie. Daddy's idea of good foreplay is first I use my belt on your pussy. I think, because you haven't done this before, we had better tie you to the bed. Don't you think?"

"Yes Daddy. Tie me up good and tight so I can't get away." Trixie had started to pant now. I yanked her arm so she was standing and then I pulled her to the bedroom, down the hall, forcefully. "You should be scared, little one." I grinned at her. "Oh gawd Daddy, I am!" What a good girl she was.

***
In the bedroom, Misty helped me tie Trixie to the two top posts of the bed. Both hands and feet, so that she was strung up as if for slaughter. I added two ropes to pull her legs further apart. Her bare slit and her red asshole were wonderfully displayed and I spent some time poking into her with several fingers, front and back. 

"Daddy looks forward to opening your bottom up." I bit her gently on her labia. She was tearing up a little now, having realized how utterly helpless she was. Misty was sitting beside Trixie's head, her arm around it, around those scarlet locks. She trailed her fingers across Trixie's face, finding the tears and painting Trixie's visage with what messages only my darling might know. "Yes Daddy," Misty said, "Trixie's asshole will be so tight for you, for your Boy. I know how bad that hurts." She smirked down at Trixie. 

"But first," I said, "get me the plaited belt. It will be more piquant." "Yes my Lord," Misty jumped up and ran to the closet with our toys. "You must agree to this," I said, kissing Trixies' cunt and then slapping it hard. "Do you, little girl?"

Her lips trembled as she spoke, "Yes Daddy, please whip my pussy and make it hurt for your Boy. I want to make Him even bigger than Misty does." 

"Oh ho," I laughed. "Did you hear that, my Darling Girl?"

Misty came over to me there, on the bed and while I slapped Trixie's pale pink pussy lips and sweet little asshole, Misty knelt down and licked my Boy up the shaft, taking the swollen red head into her mouth. She extended her hand to mine, the special braided belt in it. "That's my good girl," I said, taking the leather and stretching it across Trixie's genitals.

She moaned. I wanted to use this belt because, though it hurts, it was actually somewhat kinder than the Old Faithful belt that Misty characterized as the PussyBiter. I started sucking Trixie's clit while Misty tried to swallow my Boy. She tenderly caressed my scrotum and I slid a sharp, slightly moistened finger, right into Trixie's asshole. "Ouch," she complained. At that, I reared my arm back and brought the doubledup belt down on her crease. "Ahhhh!" She bucked in place, unable to get away. I hit her again, and again, increasing the velocity a smidge each time. "AWHHHH!" The song she was singing was just what I wanted to hear and I could feel the Boy swelling in Misty's mouth. I pulled out of her mouth and rammed Trixie's pussy, feeling the flesh part for me. 

Belt in hand, I stroked her hard and behind me I could feel Misty, licking at my balls and perineum. What a good little girl she is! One finger stroked Trixie's clit and the other hand snapped the belt at her nipples, her breasts all but disappeared in this position. "Come for me, child," I barked at her, and she dissolved. I could feel her cunt turn to pudding and my Boy jumped and shoved and spurted His love in her while Misty tongued my sac frantically, knowing what was happening.

"Oh Daddy," Trixie was crying, "It hurt so bad!" 

"yeah, but you came, didn't you?" Misty chuckled from the floor. "Oh My God." Trixie noted. "Yes, and yes and yes. More, Daddy. More hurting, more of Daddy's Boy."

I pulled out of her and looked her up and down, tied up tight, spread and wet. "Lots more hurting to make Daddy hard again, darling. Is that what you want?"

Her eyes were grey, wet, her lips pressed hard together and then she spoke, "Oh Daddy, whatever your Boy wants!" So sincere. So sweet. I looked back at Misty. "My Darling Girl, you have outdone yourself, again." She came up and kissed me and played with Trixie's pussy for a few seconds. "Let's get dinner out!" Her eyes twinkled at that and I could guess what she was up to.










*** 
The days pass. Trixie spends her hours, waiting patiently to return to Misty's house and Misty's Daddy and his oh-so terrible Boy. She discovers it is difficult to pull her mind away from those scenes, the Man with his belt, the whips, the reddening flesh, the sudden incredible shock of pain that first kiss gives. Trixie, though a catholic girl, and imbued with stories of martyred virgin flesh, has never truly considered the level of her passion, mixed with the hurting, the pain. The way she wants with all her soul to give Daddy's penis &lt;span style="font-style:italic;"&gt;everything He wants&lt;/span&gt;. His Boy. His Weapon. His Knife. She likes that. She sits at her desk at the Secretary of State's Office of Motor Vehicle Services, and remembers Daddy's Cock in her mouth, the way It tastes, that moment when It swells up even bigger and suddenly floods her mouth and throat with sperm. It's too salty, acerbic. She doesn't really like the way come tastes, but remembering that flavor even now she feels herself becoming moist. She starts to touch herself, but remembers where she is in time. She doesn't like the taste, but she would consume anything that Daddy wishes, anything that comes from Daddy's Cock. She wonders whether she could drink His piss and something in her causes her to smile at the very image, the warm liquid flooding her, spilling out her lips and the caustic flavor. She could do that, if Daddy's Boy wants it. She knows she could.

She looks up to see Misty giving her the eye, with a small careful smile. The old "I know what you're thinking about" smile. But she really doesn't, not yet. Or, maybe she does. Trixie thinks I will ask Misty about that. Has she swallowed Daddy's piss? She shivers. What else will happen? Daddy still hasn't ripped her asshole open, but He has promised He will. Misty read that part in the Story of O&nbsp; to her, the part where Sir Stephen says that O will have to be rent, in the ass, and her lover, Rene, agrees that O wants to be rent. Misty explained that by rent, they mean "torn open." And Trixie has put her fingers in her own asshole and wondered what it will feel like when it is Daddy's big Boy. And she knows that Daddy wants it to hurt, that He won't "take it easy" and that He won't use a lot of lube, like they tell you to on the websites. How to have anal sex. Not Daddy's style at all. No. He is just going to hurt me with His Boy. And that, she decides, is really what she wants. She wants Daddy's Boy to spear her tender little anus and tear the flesh apart. She wants Him to spurt His hot come in her tight bottom while she screams and cries.

Now she is really hot. She gets up and heads for the restroom, checking to see where her supervisor is, across the room. She sees Misty smirking and watches as Misty licks her finger and rubs it across her lips. 

Down the hall Trixie gets to the women's room and goes to the last stall, the one for handicapped people because it is so big. She sits back on the toilet and pulls her skirt up to her waist. Her pussy is smooth and shaved and so thick with her juices it is leaking a little bit. She never had this problem before. She rakes her fingers up and down her nether lips. She uses her nails a little, hurting herself deliberately, like Daddy will. She finds her clitoris and pinches and pulls at it. And then she settles down to a hard and fast rhythm. As she imagines Daddy's Boy in her face, closer and closer, suddenly she has an idea and she slides a finger down to her asshole and plunges into it. It hurts, though she's a little lubricated. 
That's not the worst you're gonna get&nbsp; Missy, she tells herself, and she takes several fingers, three fingers, and she brings her leg up and exposes her anus even more and she digs all those fingers into her own bottom, while her other hand strums those chords on her pussy and she concentrates on how bad it feels, how much it hurts, and she sings to herself a little hurts Daddy hurts real bad Daddy!&nbsp; like she knows He likes to hear. And she imagines His Boy, coming to her asshole and shoving in suddenly, hard, like a large dagger, stabbing her to death. And she comes and she comes, shaking, almost laughing, and there are tears on her cheeks. 

Only two more hours to quitting time.



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Rasputin\'s Memory


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





