BDSM Library - The Claiming of Jennifer Kim




The Claiming of Jennifer Kim
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: 






[Prologue]

I think my favorite moment with Jennifer was when she realized that I had her. It was that look on her face when it all hit her. 

All those panicked thoughts and emotions rushing through her head suddenly turning to a shocked realization. At that moment she knew that I owned her. She knew that I could make her do whatever I wanted her to do. She had no choice at all.

Actually I suppose she did have a choice; she could turn herself in for being part of the cheating ring in BIO 104 that semester. All the rest had been expelled, and of course she would be expelled as well. Or, she could give herself to me, the TA who caught her red-handed.

I am sure she wondered why her friends had been expelled, and she had not. It was a simple oversight, I would explain. I just missed her exam on the first pass. The details are not really irrelevant. The bottom line was that if I turned her in, she would be expelled from the university. If I did not turn her in, she would keep her "A" on the midterm, and be on the path to medical school or whatever.

I could see her thoughts turn quickly. The panic of getting caught was instantly replaced with dread as she focused her sights on me. I could see her wondering in horror about what I would demand of her. Would it be sexual? Would she have to take off her clothes or perform kind of sexual act on me? Thoughts like those may have disgusted her at that moment, but it was definitely better than facing her parents back home.

I should mention now that Jennifer is Asian. Korean I think. Well, at least her parents were Korean; Jennifer grew up here in Southern California. I only mention this because I have heard that the pressure to do well in school is a lot more intense for Asian American kids. Maybe that's why she felt the need to cheat on that midterm. All that extra pressure from her family made her do some desperate things. I think it is true. I could see it in her eyes: that "Oh, God ... please, no!" look of complete desperation.

"What would I have to do?" She asked me feebly, as I smiled, all smug and victorious.

That was the moment she surrendered to me. 

"Well Miss Kim," I said, "First, why don't you unbutton your blouse?"

She closed her eyes, took a deep breath, and slowly, reluctantly undid the first button.

I started easy that day, but over the following weeks and months I would go on to turn this cute little Asian coed into my own personal sex slave. I would punish her, dominate her, humiliate her, and fuck her mercilessly. I would force her to perform for my pleasure. I would relish in her total submission and debasement. I would push her to new depths of depravity. This gorgeous little over-achieving pre-med freshman would be transformed into a naked, groveling, shoe-licking whore. And the best part of it is ... she would grow to love it.

[End of Prologue]

[Chapter 1]

That first time I made Jennifer Kim strip for me, I felt an incredible rush of erotic energy. The feeling of complete power was intoxicating. We were in the lab supply room on campus and I had just finished revealing the fact that I had discovered she had cheated on the midterm. She knew she had no choice but to obey my orders.

I remember how tearful and reluctant she was as she slowly peeled each article of clothing off of her petite Asian frame. It took forever, but I was patient. I had plenty of time and I enjoyed every painful moment of her humiliation. 

As she stood naked and trembling before me, I noticed that she had a rather attractive body. As a college freshman, she was young and nubile, with pleasant curves, and soft, smooth skin. Thankfully she was not too skinny, despite her Korean heritage. This was a pleasant surprise. 

You see I had never really been especially attracted to Asian girls. I know a lot of white guys have an Asian fetish, but I never understood why. There were many Asian communities in Orange County where I grew up, so there were many Asian girls around. Some were cute I guess. But I always dated the blonde cheerleader types in high school, and then the brainy art majors in college. 

Asian girls always seemed distant somehow. Like they were just out of reach. They always seemed to hang out together in huge groups. They were always either studying or they were in some big church group. Asian girls like Jennifer Kim acted like they were too good for guys like me. 

So now that I had her under my control, the fact that she was Asian was a huge turn on for me. It was like I had stolen her from another tribe. I felt like I had captured her and kidnapped her away from her people, and now she was my captive. I don't know if me being white made it worse for her or not. 

**************

"What would I have to do?" She asked me feebly, as I smiled, all smug and victorious.

That was the moment she surrendered to me. 

"Well Miss Kim," I said, "First, why don't you unbutton your blouse?"

She closed her eyes, took a deep breath, and slowly, reluctantly undid the first button.

Instantly my cock became hard. She was really doing it. She kept her eyes closed as she unbuttoned the second button exposing her delicate cleavage and the top of her sensible white Victoria's Secret Bra.

She took another deep breath as she finished unbuttoning her blouse. 

"Take it off, Jennifer." I said sternly. I wasn't asking her to do it, I was telling her to do it, and she knew it.

"Please." she begged "Not here. Somebody could walk in."

"That's not my problem Jennifer." I said, firm but calm. "Now take it off."

I could tell she was holding back tears as she removed her blouse. 

"Set it on the bench." I commanded. "Then undo your jeans and drop them down to your knees."

Her eyes widened. She stood motionless. I said nothing. Silence hung in the air. 

Finally she set the blouse on the lab bench. Then she closed her eyes again in shame as she slowly unbuttoned her jeans. She took another deep breath which made her breasts heave ever so slightly as she slipped her thumbs into the sides of her True Religions, and then bent over, pushing them down to gather around her knees.

She stood up straight and wrapped her arms around herself in a vain attempt to preserve her modesty. 

"Arms at your sides" I snapped.

She obeyed. Good girl. 

I sat down on a chair and looked at her, admiring her form. Her pert breasts, her flat stomach, the curve of her hips. She wore light blue bikini panties. Her smooth thighs were pressed tightly together. Now her eyes were open, staring straight ahead with hard resolve. Her teeth were probably clenched behind here tightly closed lips. She was trying to power through this indignity. I have to admit, the girl had spirit.

"Okay." I smiled. "Lose the bra Jennifer."

"Please David" Her strong resolved eyes suddenly became pleading and pitiful. "Please no..."

"You will address me as 'Sir'." I said coldly.

She looked at me, stunned and confused.

"Do you understand Jennifer?"

"Y-yes .... Sir." Her eyes dropped.

"Now take off your fucking bra and set it on the fucking bench!" I said calmly but with some anger.

As she reached up to the clasp between her breasts, she began to cry. She opened the clasp and freed her breasts. She slid the tangle of straps off her shoulders and almost angrily slammed the bra down on the bench next to her blouse. She then placed her arms at her sides without being told, allowing a full view of her lovely well-shaped boobs and their perky pink nipples. 

I smiled as I examined at her exposed breasts. They were not the best tits I had ever seen, but they fit her shape very well. I wouldn't change a thing about them.

"Very nice Jennifer." I said smiling at her obvious discomfort.

She did not respond. 

In time I would train her to thank me for giving her such a compliment, but right now she was clearly overwhelmed with embarrassment, so I was not going to push it just yet.

"Okay Jennifer." I said gently, in a reassuring tone. "Now the panties."

Her crying intensified. Her face was red and tears streamed down her face. I waited. She looked at me, begging me through her tears. I raised an eyebrow as if to say "Well, get on with it."

Then she did it. 

She looped her thumbs into the waistband of her panties and slid them down her creamy thighs to the crumble of her jeans around her ankles. Then, as she sobbed openly in complete humiliation, she straightened her body, with arms diligently at her sides, fists clenched. And she stood before me completely naked.

At that point all I could do as a man was stare directly at her bush. There must be some evolutionary drive that male primates have: when a female sex organ is exposed, the rest of the world disappears. 

Her little tuft of pubic hair was perfect. It was as black as the hair on her head. She had trimmed it slightly so that it was not unruly, but there was still enough to protect her modesty.

I was glad that she had not shaved it bald. I hate it when women do that. It makes them look slutty, or worse, it makes them look like a little girl. However, I do enjoy forcing a woman to shave herself bald, or tying a woman up and shaving her myself. I realize that is a contradiction, but there you have it. It's a domination thing. 

"Now clasp your hands behind your neck." I said.

She did so without objection, but she continued to sob. Now she stood in the classic Gorean "display" position. I am sure that young Jennifer Kim would have no idea what "Gorean" was, but in time she would. Indeed she would learn every Gorean slave position out there. She would learn to dance for me and please me like only a skilled "Kajira" could. But that was many weeks away.

Right now, at this moment, I paused and let her stand there naked. I liked watching her stand there under my control as she cried. I liked seeing her trendy jeans and expensive panties tangled up around her ankles. My cock was rock hard and I wanted to fuck her. I wanted to bend her over a lab stool, grab a handful of her long dark hair, and take her from behind right there in the lab supply room. But I knew it was too soon. Sure, I could easily overpower her, but I wanted to dominate her psychologically. Breaking her down was going to be a long process, and I needed to be patient.

"Turn around Jennifer." I said. "I would like to see your ass."

She turned for me obediently, a little awkward with her jeans around her ankles, and presented her beautiful bare ass to me. 

With her hands behind her neck and her elbows high. Her hourglass shape looked absolutely breathtaking. She was a portrait of sumptuous femininity. I think that waist-to-hip curve was my favorite part of her body. 

I had not planned on touching her at all for that first meeting, but now I simply could not help myself. I stood and approached her from behind. I placed both of my hands lightly on her hips. She shuddered a bit, but did not break her stance. I let my hands roam forward over her hips and down the fronts of her upper thighs as I lightly pressed my chest against her back, and my crotch rubbed against her ass. My erection was raging behind my jeans.

Oh my god, her skin was so soft. I have never felt skin like that. Her straight dark hair smelled so good up close. Now I was starting to understand why so many white guys are in to Asian girls. I slid my hands up her stomach, and cupped each of her breasts. She gasped. At that moment I could have sworn she pushed back slightly on my chest and cock...could this girl possibly be turned on?

I gently squeezed her breasts and lightly pinched her nipples. I did not want to hurt her yet. I just wanted to play and explore. I wanted to let her know that I was in charge, and that I could do whatever I wanted to her. As I fondled her breasts I felt her hear racing. 

At this point, touching her pussy would have ended it. She would have screamed, and called the cops or something. I had already gone to far by touching her skin and fondling her breasts. I should have saved that for the second meeting. This meeting should have just been about making her expose her body at my behest and that's all. 

This was stage one. I had a plan, and I needed to stick to the plan. First meeting: make her strip. Second meeting: touch her body and fondle her breasts. Third Meeting: touch her pussy. 

If I wasn't careful, she would freak out and I would lose my job and maybe even end up in jail. So as I write this now, I can say that I really don't know what came over me. Maybe it was the smell of her hair or the softness of her skin. Perhaps it was how fast her heart was beating, or how her breathing had changed as I played with her breasts. Maybe it was all of those things. But in a moment of uncharacteristic recklessness I slid my right hand down, caressing her belly slowly, then I ran my palm over her pubis, and hooked my middle finger into her pussy.

To my utter amazement, innocent young Jennifer Kim was completely wet. 

She gasped loudly and tightened her pussy around my fingers as she clenched her ass and pressed her thighs together with my hand in between them. She was so wet my finger had slipped in very easily, but now her clenched thighs trapped it. I think my middle finger was resting on her clitoris, but it was hard to tell. I rubbed a little, and she let out a little moan. Jackpot. 

My mind was racing. What the hell was I doing fingering her so soon? It's like I had lost control. This girl with the soft skin and nice-smelling hair was making me crazy. She was making me lose control. And I never lose control. I needed to reassert my dominance.

"Well, well, well..." I said in a mocking tone. "It looks like you are actually enjoying this. You are soaking wet. Are you enjoying this Jennifer?"

She whimpered a "mnghh" an squirmed a little.

"Answer me Jennifer." I said, continuing to mock her. "You like it don't you?"

"No." she panted.

I laughed. "Then why are you so wet? Huh, Jennifer?" I rubbed her clit a little more. My plan was completely destroyed now. She moaned, but I couldn't tell if it was a protest moan or a moan of desire. She unclasped her hands and grabbed my wrists. Uh-oh.

I pulled my finger out of her pussy and took my other hand off of her breast. I stepped backward and sat back down on my chair. She stood there stunned for a moment.

"Come here Jennifer." I said with my sternest, firmest Dom voice. She stood there. This was the moment of truth. Would she come?

"Don't make me turn you in Jennifer." I said reminding her why she was here. "Think about your career. It would be a shame for such a bright young lady to have to tell her parents why she was expelled." 

Then, her head sunk, she turned around and awkwardly walked to me with her jeans and panties still around her ankles. I was completely relieved. Now she was really mine. 

I commanded her to lay face down across my lap. She did as she was told. I was preparing her for a bare-bottom spanking. She laid across my lap, giving me perfect access to her beautiful little butt. She was crying again. I caressed her bare ass as I spoke to her.

"You were a very bad girl Miss Kim." I said condescendingly. "Weren't you?"

"yes" she said, resigned.

SMACK! I slapped her ass hard.

"AGHH!" she muffled a surprised scream. I could tell that she had never been spanked.

"yes what?" I asked. She grunted. "Yes ... ugh ... yes, sir."

"Good girl. Now say it."

"Say what?"

SMACK! My handprint burned pink on her fair white ass.

"Oww! Say what, SIR!?!"

"Say that you have been a very bad girl."

"Ugh I ... " She took a breath. "I've been a very bad girl."

SMACK!

"Agh!" She squirmed and bucked on my lap. I had used my right hand to spank her and my left to hold her in place.

"Say it again." I commanded coldly.

"I've been a very bad girl, sir." She whimpered.

"You are a dirty little cheater." I said.

"Yes, sir. I am a dirt little cheater, sir." She struggled to say between sobs.

I smiled and caressed her tender ass. "This ass now belongs to me." I thought to myself.

I spanked her a few more times. She moaned and struggled, but she took each one of them like a champ. 

Then I switched hands: I used my left hand to spank her, as my right hand explored her exposed pussy. Just as I suspected: the innocent little Asian girl Jennifer Kim was dripping wet again. 

She jumped as I penetrated her with two fingers. I held her in place over my lap with my left arm. 

"Wow Jennifer, You are really turned on, aren't you?

SMACK! 

"ARENT YOU!?!"

"Ughhh!! Yes, sir!" The shame in her quivering voice was palpable.

I started moving my fingers in and out slowly. "Here I thought you were this little Asian angel. Just a prissy little honors student."

She started writhing as I mocked her. My fingers were fucking her as I held her hips in place. Her ankles still bound by her jeans and panties.

"But you aren't a good little girl at all are you Jennifer?"

"No sir."

"What are you really, Jennifer?"

"A ... a slut , sir."

Well, I was not expecting that at all. I was expecting her to say that she was a 'bad little girl' or something. But instead she introduced the 's' word. Okay. She called herself a slut. Wow.

I laughed at her as she responded to my finger fucking. She dropped her head in shame and her long dark hair spilled on the floor around her.

"Well, Jennifer, technically a slut fucks for free. You are going to fuck me because you want something in return....So what does that make you Jennifer?"

She groaned loudly. It was a groan of total defeat.

"What does that make you, Jennifer?" I said. I was enjoying myself, gloating over her debasement.

"A whore, sir."

"That's right Jennifer."

SMACK!

"You are nothing..."

SMACK!

"...but a fucking..."

SMACK!

"...worthless ..."

SMACK!

"...cocksucking.."

SMACK!

"...WHORE!"

SMACK!

Her upturned ass was quite pink now. I continued to gently finger-fuck her as I spanked her. By this time she was bucking wildly, the combination of the pain from the spanking and the humiliation of my insults, mixed with pleasure of the finger-fucking was driving her absolutely crazy. 

Before that day, she may not have known that she was a sexual submissive. But now it was clear, to me at least. I have seen this before. Jennifer Kim was a natural sub. And I was going to make her mine.

She was getting close. I could tell.

"Do you want me to fuck you, Jennifer?"

"No, sir!"

"Do you want me to fuck you hard?"

"Ugh agh, No sir! No! Please sir!"

"Please what?"

"mmmgh ...Please ... ugh ...please don't fuck me sir! Agh ah.."

"Well then, are you going to suck my cock like a two-dollar Bangkok whore?" 

Of course, Bangkok is in Thailand, and Jennifer was Korean. I pretended like I did not know the difference. Koreans are usually very proud of their heritage, and being referred to as a Thai whore was probably extra-insulting. I continued to work her pussy.

"ughh yes sir!"

"You want me to fuck you Jennifer?"

"hghh nnngg .... yes ... yes sir ... anything you want sir." She whimpered pathetically. 

"Say 'me love you long time'." I said.

"What?!"

SMACK!

"hughh .. me love you long time ...sir ..."

"No, say it with an accent."

"Oh god..."

SMACK!

"SAY IT JENNIFER!"

She knew exactly what I wanted. Jennifer had grown up in California, and certainly did not have an Asian accent at all. But I made her fake one to sound like a cheap Oriental whore. I am sure that she had never been so humiliated. She obliged. It was amazing.

"Me love you long time!" 

"Again."

"Me love you long time!"

"Again!"

"ughh... me... me love you long time! Hhhh"

And with that I pulled my fingers out of her pussy, and pushed her off my lap. She landed on her side, naked and sweating, laying on the floor. She looked up at me, shocked and confused.

Of course, the only thing more humiliating than begging to be fucked, is begging to be fucked and getting denied.

"please sir..."

"Now shut up and listen to me Jennifer." I said, standing and pointing at her. "You are going to come back here tomorrow after lecture and you are going to do some work for me. If you do well, I will give you the fuck you were begging for."

She looked hurt, lying there, defeated and denied.

I pulled out a fifty dollar bill from my wallet, crumpled it and threw it at her. 

"I want you to take that to Victoria's Secret in Westwood and buy a black thong and matching bra. Then you will wear them tomorrow when you come here. Understand?"

"Yes sir."

"And if you don't show up, I will turn your pretty little ass in and you will be expelled. Am I clear?"

"Yes sir." She started to cry again.

"Now for god's sake pull your pants up." I said with disgust. "And get out of here."

She wept as she gathered her clothes and tried to get herself together.

I acted cold. I dismissed her with a wave of my hand. I pretended to be indifferent, but the truth is I could not wait until the next day after lecture...









I could not sleep the night before. All I could do was think about her and jerk off. 

Innocent young Jennifer Kim naked in my lab room, bent over my knee and completely under my control. I admit that I was afraid she might not come back the next day as I had commanded.&nbsp; She might come to her senses and accuse me of blackmail. If she were to get a good lawyer she could possibly be able to have me fired AND manage to not be expelled. 

I really did not know what she was capable of. But I suspected that, on some deep sub-conscious level, Jennifer really liked the way I treated her. Something in her would bring her back to me the next day. 

I had a rush of relief and arousal when she appeared at my door, just as I had ordered. She looked like any other generic Asian undergrad chick standing there in her jeans, sneakers and UCLA hoodie. 

Only she and I knew what she really was. Thanks to my particularly insidious blackmail, the studious and conservative Jennifer Kim had been forced to become my own delicious little sex slave.

“Come in.” I said.

Meek and submissive, gripping her backpack, hardly making eye contact, shifting uncomfortably, she had come back for more.

Without looking up from my work I asked her “Did you follow my orders Jennifer?”

Out of the corner of my eye I could see her bite her lip, close her eyes and take a deep breath.

“y…yes sir.” She said weakly.

“What did you say Jennifer? I didn’t hear you.” I said smiling.

“yes sir.” She said clearly.

“Yes sir, what Jennifer?” I said in a patronizing, scolding tone.

She took another breath. “Yes sir, I bought the underwear like you said.”

“No Jennifer” I said crossly. “You do not get to refer to yourself in the first person. First person is reserved for decent upstanding young ladies, not wanton little whores like you.”

I could see my insult burn into her as her face reddened.

“You will use the third person to refer to yourself. Do you know what “third person” means Jennifer?” I said as condescendingly as I could.

She opened her eyes and glared at me hard. Wow. Okay, this girl really does not like to have her intelligence insulted. Good to know.

“Yes, SIR.” She growled.

“Well then use it you stupid cunt. I will ask you again. What order of mine did you follow?”

Clearly seething with anger she said, “This … girl ... bought the underwear… like you said … SIR.”

“Good.” I responded “Are you wearing it now like I told you?”

“Yes, sir.”

“Excellent” I turned back to my work, not looking at her. “Well let’s see it then.”

She stood there.

“chop chop Jennifer.” I said, not looking up from my computer. “ I suggest you start with your shoes.”

Resigned and defeated, she set down her backpack. Then sat on a lab stool to remove her sneakers and her cute little baby blue Bruin socks. She sat for a moment. Then asked:

“Please, sir … can we do this somewhere else? Anyone could walk in and see me!”

“Third person, stupid cunt.” I said coldly, still not looking at her.
“Please sir…” her voice starting to crack, “Anyone could walk in and see … this girl.”

“No.” I said flatly.

I heard her breathing intensify. In the reflection of my computer screen I could see her removing her hoodie. In the reflection I could barely see the black bra contrasting with her fair Asian skin. I did not look away from my screen. I ignored her as she stripped off her clothes. 

Moments later, without looking at her, I could tell she had stripped down to the black thong panties and matching bra that I had commanded her to buy.&nbsp; I had to give her an assignment. I had to have her focused on completing a task. It would distract her away from any thoughts of turning me in. That’s why I gave her money to buy the underwear. By accepting the $50 bill, she was tacitly accepting the assignment, and by extension, my domination over her. Plus, black lingerie really turns me on.

She stood there for a moment, probably trembling, vulnerable and exposed.
I continued to deliberately ignore her, focusing on my computer.&nbsp; You see it is one thing to be leered at while you strip to your underwear. If you are an attractive young girl like Jennifer, you learn early in your teens, that your sexuality is one of your greatest powers. You come to expect men to leer at you from time to time, it may be annoying and sometimes creepy, but it reminds you that you have a certain power over heterosexual men of all ages, and that feels good.&nbsp; 

However, when your sexuality is ignored, it strips you of that power.&nbsp; It is quite another level of humiliation to strip down to your slutty underwear while being completely ignored by a man.

I am sure that it made her feel cheap and embarrassed, standing there in her thong and bra in the lab supply room while I worked. Finally she could stand the tension no longer.

“Sir?” She asked.

“Yes?” I responded, not looking.

“I … um … this girl is …done” She said.

“Done with what?” I asked.

She sighed. “She is done … taking her clothes off.”

“Okay” I said.

Another long pause.

“Sir … what should …um … this girl…do?” she was starting to sound desperate.

“Nothing, until I am ready to deal with you.” I said.

“Okay, sir” 

That more or less cut the tension. Once I said “nothing” she had her instructions, so that is what she did. It is basic sub psychology. She needed to be told what to do. So, after another brief pause, I saved the file I was working on, and swiveled around in my chair to look at her.&nbsp; I looked her up and down slowly. She closed her eyes in embarrassment as I examined her every curve.&nbsp; She actually looked pretty good for an Asian girl. I made a circular gesture with my index finger - a nonverbal instruction for her to turn around.

She turned for me, obviously ashamed that she was being forced to present herself like this. I absolutely loved to see her tight little Korean ass and her narrow little Korean hips in that tiny black thong. I have a fetish for women in black underwear, and seeing Jennifer’s perfectly smooth butt made me hard instantly. 

“Stick your ass for me Jennifer.” I commanded.

She did not respond. 

“Now!” I said more intensely. “Stick it out!”

She bent slightly, and submissively stuck her ass out toward me for my enjoyment.&nbsp; My erection raged. 

“Now wiggle it around for me Jennifer.”

“Pleeease sir!” she whimpered, overwhelmed with humiliation.

“Wiggle it like the slutty little skank you are!” I said.

Slowly she began to wiggle her ass left to right. 

“Ha ha!” I laughed “That’s it Jennifer! Wiggle it like a dog in heat! Faster!”
I could hear her begin to cry softly as she gyrated and wiggled her slutty, bent-over ass for me.&nbsp; It’s nice when a stripper wags her ass like this … but when a good little conservative student like Jennifer has to do it… reluctantly, its just … oh my god … this was killing me. I reached down and felt my cock through my jeans. Jennifer’s vulgar little thong dance was making me so hard, I probably could have whipped it out and cum right then and there. But no … no … it was too soon. We still had work to do that day.

“Okay. Enough” I said dismissively.

She ended her degrading gyrations and stood straight.

“Come here” I commanded.

She approached me reluctantly.

“Now Jennifer, as a slave, you must learn to assume certain submissive positions upon demand.” I said.

She looked at me, a little confused.

I continued, “The first slave position is called ‘Nadu’. I want you to kneel on both knees.”

She paused, I glared at her, and then she slowly, submissively, lowered herself to her knees on the cold tile floor.

“Alright…” I continued “Now place your hands on your thighs, palms up and keep your back straight.

She obeyed...very reluctantly. I could tell she was not happy about being made to kneel in her underwear before me. 

“Now spread your legs.” I said.

She huffed and obeyed.

“Wider.” I said.

She spread her legs wide. I could see the thong stretched over her pussy and disappearing between her tight little asscheeks. 

I lifted her chin with my index finger. “Chin up slightly.”

I must say. Despite her red and fumingly resentful facial expressions, Jennifer presented a beautiful Nadu for a first timer. 

I commanded her to stand. Then I immediately commanded her to assume Nadu again. I repeated this a few times, correcting her when necessary.&nbsp; She did a pretty lackluster job each time, until I told her we would keep doing it until she got it right. She was suddenly able to do it right without being corrected.&nbsp; That little bitch. 

I commanded her to stand and walk across the room. I ogled her lithe figure, her beautiful bare ass and her perky little titties as she walked. She tried really hard not to look sexy while walking. She did not want to give me the satisfaction of enjoying her body while I made her perform like a trained animal. 

Little did she know that her resistance is precisely what turned me on. I just loved the fact that she hated this.&nbsp; I made her walk back and commanded that she assume Nadu again.&nbsp; When she did it well I patted her on the head like a puppy and said “good girl”.&nbsp; She seethed with resentment. She hated being demeaned like this. But there was simply nothing she could do about it. I felt a surge of erotic power. 

Under normal circumstances, I probably would not have been particularly attracted to her, but degrading her like this, and watching her follow each of my demeaning commands aroused me immensely.&nbsp; 

I wanted to fuck her. I wanted to fuck her very, very badly. I did not care if she wanted it or not, I was going to fuck her. I was going to take her, claim her and possess her against her will. I was going to rub her clit until her body betrayed her by lubricating itself. Then I would pry my hard cock into her tight little Asian pussy. I would stretch out her vaginal walls and fill her completely. I would impale her.&nbsp; I would fuck her hard until I came, filling her up until she overflowed with my sperm. Then, to make her degradation complete, I would finger her clit until she climaxed as well, forcing her to feel the pleasure she fought so desperately to deny. 

But I had to wait. I had to be patient. I would definitely fuck her in time, but I still needed to take the necessary steps to enslave her permanently. I had to break her down completely, and she was still being entirely too defiant. Besides, I still had a job to do as a UCLA grad student and a TA. I had work to do in the lab supply rooms.

So I made Jennifer help me. Naturally, I did not let her get dressed. She had to work in my supply room and office clad only in her black thong and lacy black bra. I made her do menial tasks like filing and alphabetizing papers. I had her clean test tubs and put them away in the cabinets above the lab bench. 

I loved watching her work, virtually nude. I took every opportunity to caress and grope her as we passed each other. I delighted as she grimaced each time I touched her. She may not have been very curvaceous, but she was young and firm, and her skin was very smooth, I just couldn’t keep my hands off of it.

Finally I could not take it anymore. Fuck the plan. Fuck patience. My desire for her had taken control of me. I was going to do her little cunt right here and now.&nbsp; I grabbed her roughly by the hair without a word and violently bent her over a lab bench. 

“Ughhh!” she groaned as her upper torso was flattened against the bench and her ass stuck out, totally exposed and vulnerable to my forthcoming assault. I pressed her head against the cold surface of the lab bench. My hunger for her had become overwhelming. My drive had become animalistic. I had no control over my actions at that point. I did not care about the consequences. I could only see her pussy. Nothing else existed at that moment. As I held her head down with one hand, I took my cock out with the other. 

“Noooo! PLEEEEASE! No!” She begged, squirming under my grip.
I ignored her and pulled her thong out of the way, exposing her pussy and asshole.

“PLEASE SIR!” She cried “Not like this! PLEASE!”

I slapped her ass hard, growled “Shut the fuck up!”, then stuck my finger in her pussy and began roughly finger fucking her.

She gasped and tightened up. “UUUNNGGGGHHH!!!! Oh god …NO! 

Her pussy became wet very quickly. Despite all her resistance, despite all her looks of disgust whenever I touched her, despite all the cringing she did when I humiliated her, this slut was turned on and getting wet.
“hunnghhhhhh … oh…ugh …oh….no … no … no … please … I’ll do anything … please.”

I snapped out of it. Anything. She said she would do anything. What am I doing? I can’t fuck her so soon. I must stick to the plan. I paused, getting a grip on myself. I pulled her up by her hair.

“ooowwwwww!!” she whined as I forced her to her feet.

I plopped her to the floor on her knees.

“Suck my cock.” I ordered.

She looked up at me through the tears in her eyes. 

“Please no…” she said weakly, covering her breasts with her arms. She sobbed. I couldn’t back down now. I had to maintain my dominance over her. Yielding now would undermine everything I was working towards.

“Either suck my cock, or I am going to fuck you.” I grabbed the top of her head and brought her face to my groin.

She had no choice. She winced as she looked at my cock, and she knew she had no choice. She clearly did not want to give me a blowjob, but the idea of me fucking her here and now was too overwhelming to consider. She was degraded, sobbing on her knees, wholly defeated. 

I could see her conflict on her tear-stained face: getting fucked was the worst thing that could happen to her, but sucking on me required compliance. Compliance! She would have to take an active role in her own debasement. She would have to put forth effort to pleasure me.&nbsp; SHE would have to wrap her own lips around the head of my cock. SHE would have to bob her head back and forth creating warm, wet friction on my shaft. SHE would have to make me feel pleasure. 

“You want to get expelled Jennifer?” I asked.

She closed her eyes and shook her head.

“Then suck it!&nbsp; Make it feel good. Make me enjoy it.”

She reluctantly grasped my cock and puckered her lips around the head. I thrust forward slightly, pushing inward. But she backed up as I thrust. She really did not want to do this… but she had to.

I resisted the urge to grab her head and face-fuck her. I wanted to see her make an effort to please me. I stood with my hands on my waist. She gripped my cock with one hand and slid her lips halfway down the shaft. I could feel the moist heat from her tears as she began to slowly, but evenly, move her head back and forth upon my cock. Her lips were tight and I felt the bottom of my dick slide along the top of her tongue. It felt good, and I was amused at her hesitant effort. 

I grinned victoriously as she continued to pleasure me, virtually against her will.

"Very good Jennifer!" I said, mocking her.

She struggled to draw her mouth up and down my cock while crying. She knew she had to clench her lips and swirl her tongue to make it more pleasurable for me.

After a while, I just could not take it anymore, I grabbed her head and rapidly face-fucked her to an amazing orgasm. I shot a tremendous load into her, and it overflowed in her mouth, and she gagged. 

Oh my GOD it felt so good, maybe the best orgasm of my life. Pleasure surged from my cock and radiated throughout my body causing me to shudder. My cum dribbled out of her lips and onto her chin. 

I stepped backward, away from her and stabilized myself against a filing cabinet. I was panting and still feeling the waning bliss of my orgasm. She knelt there in her slutty black underwear, crying, and wiping my cum from her chin with her bare hand. I put my now flaccid cock back in my pants and zipped up. Then I reached for&nbsp; a stack of paper towels from the lab bench and dropped them on the floor in front of her.

“Cheezus Jennifer you are a mess.” I said. “Clean yourself up and get dressed. You and I are going shopping.”

“What?!” She asked.

“I said we are going out. Now get dressed.” I replied.

“I can’t!”&nbsp; She sounded panicked. “I have to study!”

“Third person you stupid cunt.” I said.

“UGH!” She was angry and frustrated “This … girl has a study group meeting!”

I learned later that the “study group” was really a study date with a boy she had a crush on.&nbsp; Some Korean dude whose name I do not recall. I calmly turned to face her. “Jennifer, listen. I don’t give a fuck about your study group. When I say that you and I are going out, then you and I are going out, and that’s that. End of discussion.”

She looked at me in horror.

“Relax.” I said as I started packing up my work for the day. “The professor I work for is also the Dean … and I found his access code to the University database. That means I can change the grades for any undergrad.”

She blinked and looked at me, confused.

“That means,” I continued “that as long as you are a good little girl and do as I say, your parents won’t find out what you did, you will not be expelled, and you just might end up with a 4.0 GPA.”

She did not respond. But I knew what a perfect GPA meant to a girl with Korean parents. I knew she wanted this, and she wanted it bad. 

I did, in fact, have the power to change undergraduate grades, but I had never used it before. If I had gone in and changed a bunch of grades, it might have aroused suspicions, so I saved it. I was going to use it for the ideal opportunity. I always imagined I would use this power to bribe one of the cheerleaders to have sex with me or something, but I never did.
&nbsp; 
In reality, I did not have to offer this to Jennifer at all. I already had enough on her, but I liked the idea of giving her something she really wanted in exchange for her obedience. It truly made her a whore. And it also assuaged any lingering guilt I may have had about forcing her to do things against her will.

“So, you don’t need to study if you are going to get an ‘A’ in the class anyway.” I said as I took the first camcorder out of the cabinet with the glass doors.

“Besides, “ I continued, reaching for the second camcorder off of the shelf on the other side of the room. “I have everything from yesterday and today on video.”

“WHAT!?!” she screamed.

“SShhhh … That’s right Jennifer. I have you stripping naked, getting spanked, getting finger fucked, wiggling your ass like a whore, walking around in slutty underwear, kneeling like a slave, offering to suck me off and then taking my load in your face.” I said, all matter-of-factly.

She was obviously shocked and completely appalled.

“I have multiple camera angles, and pretty good audio.” I said “ I spent last night editing yesterday’s adventure on my Mac. Of course I edited out anything that would incriminate me, and I blurred out my face. But your pretty face, your voice and your nudity is all there in crystal clear hi-def.” 

I could see her turning red. 

“I have it all Jennifer.” I said as I retrieved the third camcorder. ”And … I have your parent’s home address.”

I heard her gasp.
“So unless you want FedEx showing up on their doorstep with a DVD tomorrow, I suggest you shut the fuck up, and get dressed.”

Suddenly, she lunged next to the bench, and vomited into a wastebasket. 
Ugh. Okay I did not want to see that at all. That was just gross. However I knew it meant that I had her. She was completely trapped and there was nothing – NOTHING – she could do about it.&nbsp; 

She got dressed and I made her clean out the wastebasket. 

And then, together, we walked out to my car. Our evening had not even begun…






Review This Story
 || Email Author:  MisterX_714


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





