BDSM Library - The Hanging Tree




The Hanging Tree
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This story is about a teenage boy who is expermenting with various forms of BDSM etc.Then he is confronted with a new experience, and its on a Friday.







*~*~*&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
*$*
I
O

 

THE HANGING TREE

 

 

Written and Narrated

by 

 Billy Mack

 

 

It was on a Friday (Thats why I Love Fridays) when one of the ranch workers, a guy named Joe, came to the house at about 8 o/c in the morning, and 

said that he had found a man Hanging from a branch of a tree, down by the river, not far from our house, My father asked him if the guy was still alive,

Joe said: "He was when I left him Mack, I stood there watching him, he was Wanking his Cock, believe it or not, I would have stayed longer but I thought

you would want to see him as soon as possible, you know? while he was still alive" My Father went with him to have a look, he let Joe go out first, 

he said quietly to me before he left. "Billy, make sure you don't let anyone see you, ok" Then he winked at me, I said: "Ok Dad" as soon as they were out 

of sight, I hurried down to the river a different way.

I found the tree just as they were approaching from the other direction, I hid in the bushes and just stared, the guy was just Hanging there,

he was naked and his Cock was stood out rigid in front of him. For some reason the sight of a man Hanging made my Cock start to go hard, then as I took 

in the rest, my Cock got even harder, I had seen plenty of flaccid Cocks, but only a few erect Cocks which were a bit bigger than my Cock, but this was the 

first time I had seen an erect Cock of this size, (I had seen My Fathers large Bulge in his shorts but had not seen his Cock Naked, yet?) I just sat and stared, 

and listened to what my father was saying to Joe. He was pointing to some wet splashes on the stone in front of the Hanging guy and then to his Cock, saying 

to Joe, "that looks like Cum Juice from his Cock" My ears pricked up and I felt my own Cock twitch. My father touched the guy and said "I don't think he has 

been up there long" "Though I would say at least half an hour, no less, he must have just Hanged himself when you found him, thats why he was Wanking 

himself Off" "He still seams to have plenty of life in him" "It must be that Thick sisal Rope he has used"

Then he held his finger on the guys Cock and pushed it down then let it go, his Cock bounced up and down like it was a spring.

My father laughed and did it again, him and Joe both laughed and my father said o' boy thats a hard one, they both stood looking at the guy, I could see now 

that something was dripping from his Cock, it dripped slowly and hung for a bit, then dropped to the stone, my father said he's still leaking Cum Juice,

he then said something I thought was a bit odd, he said. "Lets leave him to enjoy himself" I will give the inspector a ring in a while and he will come over 

and sort things out, then Joe said. "That guy sure looks happy you know" "I don't think he wants us to take him down yet" Then they both turned away, 

then my father turned back and so did Joe, and they both stood looking at the guy, and my father seemed to be fondling himself through his shorts, he did 

this for a good few minutes, then I saw a small dark wet patch appear on the front of his shorts which slowly got bigger, I had seen this happen before, when 

he was Whipping Me. I noticed then that the Joe was also fondling himself, then he undid his shorts and took out his Cock which was also big and hard, he held 

it with his fingers and thumb of his right hand and moved his hand back and fore, faster and faster, Wanking himself Off.

My father had turned and was looking at Joe, who just kept rubbing his Cock, then loads of lovely thick Creamy Cum Juice&nbsp; Spurted out of his Cock all over my 

Fathers legs and feet, my Father said. "that was good Joe" Then my Father undid his own shorts and I saw his Cock,

Wow, it was big and he started Jerking himself Off hard and fast, my eyes were popping out of my head. I was totally amazed, and by then had my own Cock in 

my hand, Wanking it slowly, my father then turned back to the Hanging guy and stood in front of him Wanking his Cock, then, just like Joe had done, 

he spurted lashings of thick Creamy Cum Juice over the Hanging guys legs. Joe had walked back and was watching my Father Spurt his Creamy Juice.

Joe then put his fingers in my Fathers Cum Juice and then took hold of the Hanging guys Cock, he then started rubbing it like he had his own,

my Father then put his finger and thumb on the guys Cock and they both rubbed it together, all of a sudden a flood of Thick Sticky Creamy Cum Juice

erupted from the Hanging guys Throbbing Cock, the Lovely Creamy Cum Juice splattered all over my Fathers face, my Father laughed and said.

"He must still have plenty of life in him to do that"

Then I noticed that my father kept licking his lips as the Hot Sticky Cream ran down over them, he turned to Joe and said.

"That was a lovely Hot Sticky load I just got in my face"

"It's just after half eight now, he's been up there for over an hour and he's still got some life in him, Lets leave him for a while and see if he is still alive 

when the inspector gets here, I'm sure the inspector will hope he is, you know how much he loves Cum Juice and Cock Wanking, 

he will get a real Hard Cock when I tell him what just happened"

 
When my father got back to the house I was wanking Myself Off on the veranda, he looked at me and smiled, and said. "Enjoying yourself Billy?"

I said, yes Dad, you know how much I Love Wanking Myself Off, and you said it was good for Me. Then My Father said:

"As you know, a man has Hanged himself down by the river, I have rang the Inspector and told him about it, he said he would not be long"

"I told him that when he gets here to come straight into my office"

"Ok Dad, Wow I bet that man looks good Hanging from a tree branch" My Father winked and gave me a smile, I think you know exactly

how he looks, "Did it make you excited seeing him Hanging there with Cum Juice dripping from his Cock?" I said : "It made My Cock so 

Hard and I wanted to Spurt My Cum Juice, just like when you Whip Me" My father smiled and said: "I do believe you enjoy being Whipped"

"I really love you Whipping Me Dad, I would love it even more if you made Me take My shorts off and Whipped My bare Bum, and I could 

Wank Myself Off while you Whipped Me, I bet you would enjoy it too, I've seen your shorts bulge when you start Whipping Me, and I think

its your Cock Juice that makes a big wet patch in your shorts, just like it did a little while ago down by the river when you were rubbing your 

Cock in your shorts, looking at the Cock of the man who is Hanging from the tree branch" My father just stared at Me, then he laughed, 

"Ok smart arse, and I suppose you would like me to take my shorts off too, and Wank myself Off while I Whip you? 

"Jeez Dad, you are going to make Me Spurt if you keep talking like that, I will love it if you take your shorts off and Wank yourself Off when you 

Whip My Bum" My Father said: "The Inspector will be here very soon, and you need punishing severly, if we go straight to my office now, and 

get started on your Whipping then the Inspector should arrive just in time to witness your punishment, I would say that there is a good chance 

he will want to join in" We went to My Fathers office and I walked over to the desk and took off My shorts and shirt without being asked, then 

I turned and faced My Father, I was Stark Naked and very excited, My Father stood looking at Me, then went to the corner of the room and 

picked up the Whip, he came back to the desk and put down the Whip, then he took off his shirt, and then his shorts. Wow, his lovely Cock looked 

so big, it was hard and throbbing. "Ok Billy, I think you have been very bad with the things you have suggested we do, dont you? "Yes Dad" 

"Is there anything else that you think you have done wrong in the last few days, that you should tell me about?" "Yes Dad, yesterday when I was 

messing about in that dry grass, you said I could play with Matches and Light some Fires" "Yes I remember, I also remember seeing you in the 

grass with no clothes on" "Yes Dad, I Know, you see, what happened was that I Lit a Fire and stood very close to it, I took My clothes off so I did 

not Burn them, the Fire Burnt My leg just a little bit, and that made Me get very excited and made My Cock go very hard, so I made a little pile 

of dry grass, and knelt down over it, then I Lit the grass and started Wanking My Cock, faster and faster, the Flames came up and Burned My 

Bollocks, as the Flames were Burning My Bollocks I kept on Wanking Myself Off, then I started Spurting Out My Creamy Hot Cum Juice and I 

could'nt stop, now I have got blisters all over My Bollocks, you can touch them if you want to Dad" My Father reached forward and touched My 

Bollocks, feeling the blisters. "O boy, thats bad, thats very bad, you are a little Pervert, you know that don't you Billy?" "Yes Dad, I know I am, 

you told Me I was a dirty little Pervert the other day when you found Me playing with our horses Big Cock in the stables, remember? you gave 

Me a good Whipping" "Yes I remember Son, now you are going to get an even better Whipping, you know that don't you? now, bend over the desk"

I turned and faced the desk, but instead of standing with My legs together and just bending forward, I spread My legs apart, well back from the

desk and lent forward, holding Myself away from the desk with My left arm, while My right hand Wanked My Throbbing Cock, I turned My head

and looked over My left shoulder, My Father was just behind Me, Wanking Off with his left hand and holding the Whip in his right hand.

"Are you ready Billy?" "Yes Dad, I'm ready and waiting" "Ok, here comes the first one, and it's going to be a lot more than 'six of the best' today,

a lot more, so start enjoying it" I was being very nonchalant and blase' forgetting that I had'ent had the Whip on My bare Bum before, or how 

excited my Father was, so when it came, THHWACK! "O fuck, Fuck, Fuck that hurt, Jesus that hurt, and with an involentery movement, I jerked 

My hips forward, almost ramming My Jerking Cock into the desk, My Cock seemed to be Jerking on it's own, I was so excited, I quickly shoved 

My Arse back, ready for the next one, nothing? and then. "Enjoy that one Billy?" "Ya ah Yes Dad" THHHWACKK! "O Shit! O Fuck in Hell! 

O Jesus Fuck! Ooow! "O Fuck Dad, Hit Me Harder, Please Dad, O God I Love it!" 


"Hello Inspector, hope you don't mind, I'm teaching the boy a lesson" said My father, holding the Whip in the air, and Wanking his excited Cock.

"You carry on Mack" said the Inspector, stareing first at My Father, then at Me. "I think the boy needs something softer to lean on" said the 

Inspector. With that, he took off his shirt and shorts and pushed himself between Me and the desk, his Cock was about 7" long and rock hard, and 

looked really nice. "You Suck on my Cock Billy, while your Dad wacks your Arse, because when he stops Whipping you for a bit, I'm going to give you 

a treat, it's called a Bum Fuck, you see, I stand behind you and put the Nob of my Cock in your Bum Hole, then I RAM the rest of my Cock up your 

Arse, then I Fuck you and make you squeel, and I keep on Fucking your Bum until I Spurt My Hot Cum Juice inside you, I have a feeling that you are 

going to really enjoy it, I know that I will" I said nothing, I did'ent know what to say? all I could think was that it was like My birthday and Christmas 

all come at once, I let the Inspectors Lovely Juicy Cock slide into My mouth, wow it tasted so good. THHHWACKKK! Me: "OOWWooo! Jesus Fucking 

Christ! Owoo!" -The Inspector: "OOO Fuuck! Fuck! Fuck!" As I bit down on his Cock, "Sorry sir" I said, I thought he was crying, but he was laughing, 

"It's ok Billy, I like a bit of Cock Torture" "You just lick the Nob of my Cock while I Wank myself Off, and let your Dad get on with Whipping you" 

"Give the boy a few swift ones Mack, then I can get my Cock up his Arse Hole" "Ok" said My Father, "But I just want to tell Billy that when I have 

finished Whipping him, and before you stick your Cock up his Bum, I will have a little treat for him" I looked over My shoulder at My Father, and 

smileing, said: "What sort of treat have you got for Me Dad?" "It will be a supprise Billy, I know you are going to Love it" I turned back to the 

Inspectors Juice oozing Cock and started licking, and I thought, 'Please Lord, don't let me be Dreaming'. THWACK! "Owoo! Slurp" THWACK! 

"Ooooo! Slurp" THWACKK! "Aahhhh! Slurp" THHWAACKK! "O God Yessss! Slurp" THHHWACCKKK! "O Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! I Love it! Lick, Lick, Slurp" 


I felt totally Fucked and exhausted but I was Loveing every moment of it, and now, if I was a 'normal' person, it was going to get a lot worse, but for Me, 

a lot Better! I thought I had to be the luckiest 16 year old that there could be. "Ok Billy, now for the treat I promised you" "I want you to put your hands 

behind you, on the desk, and push your hips forward, so that your Cock and Bollocks are pushed out in front of you" "Thats it, very nice Billy" My Father 

stepped in close to Me, and I saw in his hand a bottle, and I knew by the color of the liquid and the very distinctive smell, that it was Methylated Spirit, 

My head seemed to be spinning, I could'nt believe My Dad was going to do something to Me that I had Dreamed of doing to Myself, but had been scared of 

doing in case I got into serious trouble with My Dad. "You know what I am going to do to you, don't you Billy?" "Yes I think so Dad? I hope you are going to 

Set Fire to My Bollocks" "Yes you are right Billy, I am going to pour the Meths over your Bollocks and Cock and Set Fire to you" "Wow Dad, Jeez I can't wait, 

I've been thinking about doing it to Myself, for a few weeks now, thats why yesterday I held My Bollocks over the Burning grass, Fire really turns Me on"&nbsp; 

My Father said: "Ok Billy, there is something I want you to do for me, before the Inspector Fucks your Arse, I want you to Burn my Bollocks and Cock with 

the Meths" "Dad? are you turned on by Fire too? O wow I did'ent know, jeez thats fantastic! "I have Loved Fire for years, I have had more blisters on my 

Bollocks and Cock than I care to remember, I have always done it to myself, so it will be very exciting to have someone else Set Fire to me, if you watch what 

I do to you, then you can do the same to me, ok Billy?" "Yes Dad, ok" "Right Billy, put your right hand under your Cock and hold your Cock out straight, 

when you start to Burn, I want you to keep on Wanking until you Spurt Out your Cum Juice, you should be ok to Burn for at least half-a-minute before you 

get too badly Burned, ok? any problem with that?" "No probs Dad, if it takes Me a whole minute to Spurt, I will keep Jerking Myself Off, no matter how bad 

I get Burned" "Well done Billy, thats what I wanted to hear you say" "Ok Thats it, now I am going to pour the Meths over the Nob of your Cock and then down 

your Cock, now I pour extra over your Pubes and it's running down over your Bollocks, now hold your Cock with your thumb and finger, ready to Wank Off" 

"Right, ready? I am going to hold the Flaming Match under your Bollocks" There was a 'Floup' sound and WOW My Bollocks and Cock were covered in blue 

Flames, I started Wanking faster and faster, it seemed that I had been Burning for at least Ten minutes, then I started Spurting and Spurting My Creamy 

Hot Spunk Juice! ahhh, ahhh, O jesus Fuck, Yeoooow, Fucking Beautiful! O God, O God, Weeehooo! The Flames had gone out but there was still Spunk Juice 

dripping from My very sore and Burnt Cock, My Bollocks were reddish/black and felt quite numb. "O Fuck Dad, that was Fantastic, Superb, Wonderful, 

O wow I Loved you Setting Fire to Me, can we do it again soon? Please Dad?" "Yes Billy, of course we can, tell you what, every couple of days I will give you a 

Whipping, then when you are really excited I will Set Fire to you, how about that?" "Wow yeah, fantastic Dad, Dad? there is something else I would Love done 

to Me, I have been reading about the witches being Burned at the Stake, I would Absolutely Love to be Burned at the Stake, will you Burn Me at the Stake Dad?" 

"Well I don't see why not, we will have to think about how we are going to do it, ok?" "Yes, ok Dad, and thanks Dad" "Your welcome Billy, now I think you had 

better get on with Burning me, the Inspector is wanting to Fuck your bum, remember?" "Dad, why don't you pour the Meths over your Cock and Bollocks and 

I will Strike the Match and hold it under your juicy Bollocks, yeah ok?" "O and Dad, I've decided you have to keep Wanking your Cock until the Flames have 

gone out, dos'ent matter if you Cum straight-a-way, you still keep Wanking, and Dad, make sure you pour plenty of Meths over yourself, ok?" "Ok Billy, if you 

want to watch me Burn to a crisp, I'll give you your money's worth, don't you worry about that" My Father started pouring the meths over his throbbing Cock, 

he seemed to pour an awful lot on, and when he got to his Pubes I did'ent think he was going to stop, but he did in the end. "Ok Dad I'm striking the Match and 

it's going under your Bollocks Now!" Again there was that 'Flooupp' sound but much louder than mine had been, My Fathers Cock and Bollocks went up in Flames, 

when I say up I mean the Flames went up to his chest, shit! was he Burning or what? he was Wanking like mad, then he started Spurting Out his Juicy Spunk 

Cream, it came out in a flood, a torrent of Lovely Creamy Hot Spunk Juice erupted from the Nob of his Burning Jerking Cock, it splattered all over My tummy 

and over My Cock and Bollocks, to Me it was the most erotic scene I could imagine, but even though he had Cum, he did not stop Jerking his Burning Cock, 

the Flames were now much smaller, the first ones Burnt off all the hairs on his chest and everywhere else on the front of him, as he Wanked, the Flames started 

to go out, except the ones on his Bollocks, they started to Burn more steadely and coalesced into smoothly Burning orange Flames, Burning from the underside 

of his Bollocks and Burning up under and around his Throbbing, Jerking Cock, "Billy my Bollocks are Burning, the Meths is all gone, it's my Bollocks themselves 

that are Burning, O wow it feels sooo good, My Father started Wanking faster and faster, and his Burning Bollocks slapped backwards and forwards, then, 

he started Spurting again! not as much this time, but still plenty of Lovely Juicy Cum Cream splattered over Me, the slapping of his Bollocks caused the Flames 

to go out, and he was Wanking slower and slower. "O Fuck, that was so good Billy" I dropped to My knees to get a better view of My Fathers Burnt Bollocks, 

WOW, they were really Burnt, I mean VERY Burnt, Jeez they looked so beautiful. "Dad, you have Super Burnt Bollocks, I mean they are stupendous! 

"Sounds like you are impressed Billy" "Fuck Dad, I am impressed, I want My Bollocks to look like yours" "Dad can you Burn Me again tomorrow, but this time 

with the Lighter Fluid that I have in My room?" "I said I would Burn you every couple of days, you have just been Burnt Billy" "But Dad, Please!! I'm desperate!" 

My Father laughed, Ha Ha, ok Son, tell you what, as you are so desperate, this afternoon after me and the Inspector have taken care of some business down by 

the river, IF, I said IF it's not too late, then I will give you a sound thrashing, and then Set Fire to you with your Lighter Fluid, how about that?" "Wow Dad, 

yeah that will be great" "Ok, now how about letting the Inspector get on with Fucking your Arse?" "You bend over Billy and hold my hips and Suck my Burnt 

Cock, (but don't bite it) and the Inspector will make you squeel" I felt the Nob of his Cock rubbing up and down between My Bollocks and Bum Hole, to say it 

felt good would be an understatement, it felt awsome, the reason it felt extra good was that when I had My Bollocks burnt, some of the Meths ran 

back between My legs and on to My Bum Hole, so when My Father Set Fire to Me, the Flames Burned all between My legs and Burned My bum Hole, now I 

could feel the Nob of the Inspectors Cock rubbing over My Burnt and Blistered Anus, Lovely! Then I felt the Nob of his Cock slide into My Anus, it went in 

about an inch or so, it did feel nice, then the Inspector said: "Are you enjoying it so far Billy?" I took My mouth off My fathers Lovely Burnt Cock and said: 

"Yes it feels Lovely, But does it go in any further?" I let My Fathers Cock slip back into My mouth, and the Inspector said: "Let me show you how much futher 

my Cock will go" Thats when he RAMMED his Cock all the way home! Then he pumped his hard Cock in and out of My Bum hole, he went faster and faster, 

then suddenly he forced his hips hard against My Bum and made a grunting sound, then started doing fast, short Jerks, and saying Yes, Yes, Yes, I felt a flood 

of warm Juice flood the upper reaches of My Anel tract, (up inside My Bum Hole) I felt nice and full, then I felt his Cock sliding out of Me, I turned My head and 

saw the Inspector drop to his knees behind Me, the next thing I felt was his tounge slipping over My Anus (Bum Hole) then I felt the tip of it prodding My Hole, 

I went into farting mode, to push his Cream back down into his mouth, I heard and felt him licking and slurping his Lovely Juicy Cock Spunk from My Arse Hole, 

then he stood up and slapped My Arse, "Hay Mack, can I get the Whip and give Billy a good Whipping?" "Not now Inspector" "Aw shucks Dad, I would have 

liked that" "Thats as maybe, but just wait till a bit later when me and the Inspector have finished doing what we are going to do down by the river, then me and 

the Inspector are going to give you a Severe Thrashing, and I mean 'Very Severe' ok?" "Ok Dad, and then you will set Fire to My Bollocks again?" "Yes Billy, we 

will set Fire to you, we may even experiment with Burning you at the Stake, how about that?" "Wow Dad, that would be really cool" The Inspector and My 

Father both started getting some clothes on, My Fathers Bollocks were so Burnt that he was having trouble getting his shorts on, so I said "Put a loin cloth 

round you Dad" this he did, and left his well Roasted Bollocks to hang in the fresh air.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
"We are going down to the river now Billy, we may be quite a while so if you go out try and keep out of sight ok?" Then he winked at me again, I was pretty sure 

I knew what he meant. (The Inspector did not know that I knew about the Hanging guy) So when you follow us, stay out of sight!

My Father, the Inspector and the two men who were carrying thick coils of Rope on their sholders went one way, and I went the other way, keeping well out 

of sight, I followed the path back along the river until I reached the tree, it took Me quite a while because after the Whipping and the Reaming My Bum had, it 

made Me walk funny, but the wonderful sight of a man Hanging by the neck with a noose of thick Sisal Rope made it all worth while, as soon as I saw him again 

my Cock went rock hard. My Father and the Inspector and his men appeared on the other side of the Hanging guy, they stood looking up at him Hanging from 

the tree branch, he must have looked good to them because they were all fondling their Cocks through their shorts, in My Fathers case, his hand was up his loin 

cloth. The inspector lifted up his cane and put it under the Hanging Cock, and lifted it up, then let it drop, it seemed to bounce a bit like it had when my father 

had done the same thing earlier. My father now reached up and started playing with the very swollen Cock, he seemed to fondle it in such a way that it made 

the Cock look so Juicy and delicious. It made my own Cock Throb and twich with excitment, and made my mouth salivate. My father seemed to move closer 

to the Juicy Throbbing Cock that he was Wanking, then the Hanging mans hips started to jerk about, and then a huge torrent of lovely Thick Juicy Spunk 

Cream Spurted out of the Jerking Cock into my fathers face, again! I thought, "You Lucky Bastard" I wished it was going over my face, and I started to Wank 

my Cock harder. The inspector said. "He has kept very healthy while Hanging up there, it must be that Thick Sisal Rope he used" He continued. "You got a nice 

faceful you lucky sod" My Father was busy licking the Cream off his lips and wiping more from his face with his finger, and then putting his finger in his mouth. 

"Yes inspector you are right, it was a nice face full, and he has kept healthy, I reckon he has been Hanging there for at least two hours now" "Two hours you 

reckon? I wonder how much longer he can last? another hour, maybe?" He turned to his two men and said. "I bet you two will enjoy it if you can last three 

hours" I then saw that the inspectors Two men had their Cocks in their hands, Wanking themselves off, they had taken off their shorts and were just wearing 

T shirts and big smiles on their faces, the inspector looked at them and said to my father. "We are going to have a lot more fun in a while with my men, you just 

wait and see" Then the inspector undid his shorts and took them off, he took his Cock in his hand, and he started Wanking himself off, then my father lifted up 

his loin cloth over his Cock and the inspector said. "Don't mess about Mack, take it right off and stand close in front of me" My father did this and while he 

Wanked himself slowly, the Inspector Wanked faster and faster, then he said. "Take your hand off of your Cock Mack" Seconds later he Spurted loads of his 

Lovely Sticky Creamy Spunk Juice over my Fathers Throbbing Cock and Bollocks. My father then took hold of his Twiching, 

Throbbing, Cream covered Cock and started Wanking himself off, within a short while he said to the Inspector. "Let me repay you the compliment" He then 

started Jerking out Torrents of lovely Thick Juicy Spunk Cream over the inspectors Spunk Cream Dripping Cock and Bollocks. "Thanks old boy, that was super" 


"Now, shell we get my two men organised?" "Ok" said my father. "What have you got in mind" "You just keep watching" said the Inspector, he turned to his 

men, who were still Wanking slowly, and said, pointing to the Hanging man. "Does he not look good? would you like to Hang yourselves like that" Billy and Nicho 

both shook their heads backwards and forwards. "O yes please" they said. "Can we do it now?" The Inspector said. "Yes of course you can, if you want to" 

"How long do you think you can last?" They looked at one-another, Nicho said to Billy. "I reckon I can last at least two hours, what do you think Billy Boy?" 

Billy said with a big smile, "I reckon if we keep Wanking ourselves off and if Mack and our Boss treat us to lots of nice rough games, then we may last, what, 

three hours?" I was not sure what Billy and Nicho were going to do, but I got very excited that one of them was named Billy, the same as me, so what ever they 

did I could pretend I was the Billy down there. "Go get your Rope then boys" said the Inspector, and the Two guys went into the trees and came back each 

carrying a Rope with a Noose on one end. They each threw the end of their Rope without the Noose over the tree branch, my Father and the Inspector went 

to the other side of the branch and picked up one of the Ropes, it was Billy's Rope, My Father said, "Put the Noose over your head Billy, and then Snug it up 

Tight on your Throat, with the Hangmans Knot at the back of your Neck" I imagined he was talking to me, and I nearly Spurted all my Cream out, I got so 

excited. Billy put the Noose over his head and around his Neck, then he pulled the Rope up through the Hangmans Knot so it went tight on his Throat. 

"Wow, that feels so good" said Billy, whose Rigid Cock was quivering with excitement. My Father and the Inspector pulled the Rope Tight and put it around a 

tree, then with the Inspector pulling the Rope toward the tree and My Father pulling it round the tree, Billy was lifted up off the ground, his legs were kicking a 

bit, and he was Wanking his Throbbing, Cream Dripping Cock. The sight of Billy being Hanged by the Neck was so wonderful that my Lovely Juicy Spunk 

Cream Jerked out of my Cock in huge Spurts, I stood up gasping for excited breath, I was right on the edge of the bank so my Cream Splattered down over 

the stones.

 
Everyone froze, there was silence, My Father then started shaking his head from side to side, then the Inspector said. "It's ok, it's only Mack's boy" "Looks 

like he got a little excited, and not for the first time today either" "Come down here and stop skulking around Billy, I guessed you knew about the Hanging guy 

anyway, and now you can join in the real fun" I climbed down and stood there in front of them with My Cock and Bollocks hanging out of My shorts, and Spunk 

Cream still Dripping from My rapidly growing, twitching Cock, I started Wanking again slowly as I looked up at Billy Hanging there. "Wow Dad, would'ent I just

Love to be Hanging up there, where that other Billy is Hanging" My Father said. "Well to be honest Billy, I was just thinking of asking you if you would like to be 

Hanged" "O yeah, please Dad, I would really Love to try it" "Ok Billy, But, if I Hang you, then you will Hang for at Least Half an Hour, maybe longer, depends on 

how well you Wank Off while you are Hanging, and I will want to see you Spurt your Juicy Spunk Cream at least two or three times, before I will let you down, ok?" 

"Yes, ok Dad, Dad I was wondering if maybe I ran back to the house and got your two Whips and My tin of Lighter Fluid, then, well, when you Hang Me, you and 

the Inspector could Whip My Bum, and then when you have finished Thrashing Me, you could pour Lighter Fluid over My Bollocks and Cock and Set Fire to Me, 

then when you let Me down, maybe you could try Burning Me at the Stake? Please say yes, Please!" My Father just stood there looking at Me with a bemused 

look, and shaking his head. The Inspector said. "Christ Mack, your boy sure does like to be punished and hurt, it all sounds good to me, I'll go for it" Well said My 

Father. "I have been thrashing my boy every few days for quite some time now, and he has grown to Love being Hurt, and he knows that I Love Hurting him, 

it gives me a beautiful Hard Cock, and I always Wank and Jerk myself Off after I have finished Whipping him" "Ok Billy" Said My Father. "You go and get the 

stuff, and when you get back we will finish off the other Billy, and when we bring him down, you can take the Noose off of his Neck and put it on your own Neck, 

then we will pull you up and start Thrashing you, ok? hopefully you will survive, but I can promise you one thing, you will have a sore Neck, a very sore Arse, 

and super Roasted Bollocks" I ran back to the house in a bandy legged run, due to reamed Arse, I got the Whips, the yellow tin of Swan Lighter Fluid, and also 

a nice box of Matches, when I got back to the others, they were hitting Billy with Whippy sticks, and saying, Wank Off and Jerk around on the Rope, Billy was 

just Hanging there, then he started Wanking his Cock which was Hard, as he Wanked, he Jerked his hips and then seemed to start bouncing on the Rope, 

suddenly he started Spurting Out his his Creamy Cum Juice, lucky I got back when I did because I was stood right in front of him and was Splattered with his 

Lovely Spunk Juice, some went over My face and lips, wow it tasted so good, My Cock was so Hard from watching him, then he started shuddering and

his legs were Jerking, then he was just twitching, then he was still, My Father said. "Thats 'Other Billy' finished, lets leave him for five more minutes then we 

will get Billy Boy up there and start his Torture. 


They dropped Billy down and he lay still on the ground, I pulled the Hangmans Knot loose and slid the Noose over his head, then I put it over My head and 

around My Neck, I slid the Knot up tight at the back of My Neck, it felt really good, then My Father started pulling the Rope over the branch, I went up on 

tiptoe, thats when I knew I was going to Hang, I saw the Inspector start to pull the Rope around the tree, then My Father pulled again on the Rope, I was 

swinging in the air, I started to panic, I found it hard to breathe, I started to struggle and Jerk about, My Cock was incredibly Hard, I could hear My Father 

saying, "Wank Yourself Off Billy, Wank Yourself Off" I got control of Myself and started Wanking My Cock, then I felt the first 'THHWACK of a Whip, that 

made Me Wank faster and Jerk about on the end of the Rope, again, THHWAACKK, and again, and again, and again, I lost count of how many lashings I got, 

but I know it was a lot, then I started Spurting Out My Lovely Juicy Creamy Cock Spunk, I Jerked and Wanked till I almost passed out, I Hung still for a bit, 

My vision was blured, and My ears had a wooshing sound in them, but I still heard My Father say "We are going to Burn your Bollocks now Billy" Then he 

started pouring the Lighter Fluid over My Cock and Bollocks, the moment I felt the cold Fluid on My Bollocks, My Cock went hard again, and I started Wanking 

Myself Off, then I heard the sound of a Match box being shaken, and I Wanked faster, then I heard and saw the Match Strike, seconds later my Cock and 

Bollocks were engulfed in Beautiful Flames, I Wanked faster and faster and then My Lovely Juicy Spunk Cream erupted from the Burning Nob of My Roasting 

Cock, My Cock seamed to Jerk and Jerk, and I just kept on Wanking Myself Off, then I realised that it was My Bollocks themselves that were Burning, and not

the Lighter Fluid, the Burning Pain was exquisit and felt so wonderful, I Wanked faster and faster as I savoured the delicious Burning Pain, then a second wave 

of Spunk Juice erupted from My Throbbing Jerking Burning Cock.........


I opened My eyes, I was laying on the ground, I looked to My right and saw My namesake laying beside Me, I raised Myself on My elbows and looked past Billy, 

on the other side of him was the first guy who Hanged himself, and by the side of him was Nicho, I was pretty sure they were all alive, I'm sure they were breathing, 

I heard&nbsp; a sound to My left and turned My head, My Father was looking down at Me, "Ah Billy Boy, so you are awake then, we were going to supprise you, we are 

just making a Pyre for these three, (pointing to the three guys next to Me) and we were going to put you on it with them, we wanted to see how excited you would be 

when you opened your eyes and found yourself on a Barbecue, with Flames all around you, it would have been a bit like being Burnt at the Stake" I started thinking 

fast, I know, I'll pretend I am fainting again, then hopefully they will put Me on the Fire, I groned and dropped My head back with My eyes half closed, My Father 

said. "O dear, looks like he's gone again, "Ok Inspector, it's four for the Fire" My Father turned and walked back to where they were making the BonFire, I looked 

back at Billy, he had a huge smile on his face, and his Cock had gone rock hard, and was stood up like a flag pole, he turned his head and said in a hoarse voice. 

"Hay Max, I think the Fire is nearly ready for us, and young Billy is coming to join us in the Fire" Max, (The guy who Hanged himself first) said. "O jeez, I'm getting 

so excited, just look at my Cock" I went up on My elbows again and looked at Max, wow his Cock was throbbing, and he had started to Wank himself slowly, 

Nicho turned his head and looked at Max Wanking his Cock, Max said: "Hay Nicho, are you excited that they are going to Burn us?" "Yes I am, but I thought that if 

Mack or our Boss saw us getting excited, they might not Burn us, so I was trying to not get excited, but you guys don't seem worried so I'm going to get excited"

Nicho then started Jerking himself off, I thought 'What the hell' and started Wanking Off as well.


My Father and the Inspector started walking back toward us, Billy said: "I think we will soon be feeling the Flames" My Father said: "Yes you are right Billy, it 

wont be long now before you light the Fire, and we decided that we are not going to carry you all over to the Fire, you can all walk over and pick out your spot

where you want to be Burned, so all four of you get up and come over and pick out your Hot Seat" I got to My feet and walked over to the Fire seats, there were 

two seats, like sofas,&nbsp; enough room for two one side and two on the other, they faced each other, about three feet apart, they were made from six bales of straw, 

one to sit on and one resting on another to make up the back, to lean back on, the whole lot was covered with lots of loose straw, making it nice and soft to sit on, 

all the center where we put our feet was deep straw, it was very cumfy, Max picked the first one on the right, I sat next to him on the left, Billy sat oppersite Me, 

and Nicho sat to his left, we were all slowly Wanking our Throbbing Cocks, I was very excited, and suddenly remembered a word I had read about the witches 

being Burned, "Immolated, we are all going to be Immolated" I said. "No" Said My Father. "It's going to be 'Self Immolation' "I will give you each a box of Matches, 

and then you can Light yourselves up and Burn yourselves to Death, me and the Inspector will sit and Wank Off, and watch you commit 'Suicide by Fire' what I 

suggest is that you Strike a Match and Light the straw somewhere under your Bollocks and Bum, when you feel yourself start to Burn, stand up and spread your 

legs apart, and then try to keep Jerking yourselves Off as long as possible through the Burning, any questions?" "No" we all said, My father said. "Now, young Billy 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; when your Bollocks start to Burn you can stand up and Wank for a bit, but when the Flames reach up to your waist, I want you to step out of the Fire, is that clear?"&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

"Aww Dad! I wanted to be Immolated, I want to feel the Fire Burn Me all up"&nbsp; "Billy, if you Burn up now, who will I Whip and Burn tomorrow?" My namesake Billy

said: "Your Dads right Billy, it's not your time to go, but it is ours, you see we&nbsp; should all be Dead from Hanging, but your Dads a very cleaver Wizard, he has some

powerful spells, and thats why me and Nicho and Max are sitting here, waiting to be Immolated" I just stared at Billy, and then at My Father. "A Wizard?"

My Father looked Me in the eye and said. "We will talk about this tomorrow, ok Billy? but for now lets get on with the Burning, I've been looking forward to this"

As My Father stopped speaking, I heard a Match Strike, zzzzztt, pfff, I looked round and saw Max holding the Flameing Match in the straw under his Bollocks,

a few seconds later and,&nbsp; zzzzztt, pfff, and zzzzzzzttt, pffff, I heard two more Matches Strike, Billy and Nicho were both Setting Fire to the straw between their

legs, as My eyes went back to Max'es Bollocks I saw the Flames were Burning up around his tummy, he had a contented smile on his face and was slowly

Wanking his Cock, I think he was quite happy to sit and Burn, the Flames were comming up quickly around Billy and Nicho who were both Wanking faster now,

I opened My Matchbox and took out a Match and Struck it on the box, zzzzztt, pftfff, it went, I quickly pushed the Flaming Match under My squirming Bollocks,

the straw caught light and Flames started to Burn up under My Bollocks and Throbbing Jerking Cock, I started to Wank Myself faster, I was so excited, now all 

the straw in front of Me was starting to Burn, I looked at Max, WoW! the Flames were all over him, he was Wanking a bit faster now but still sitting down, his 

head was thrown back and his mouth was open, and he was making a quiet but continuous sound. "Aohaohaohaohaohaoh" his Bum and legs and Bollocks, in fact 

all his lower body was a blacky/red color, and was starting to Blister and Roast, My eyes went back to Billy and Nicho who wrer now stood up with legs apart,

they were Wanking their Cocks fast, and were watching Max'es Immolation, though by now their own lower bodies were starting to Roast, I quickly tood up and

spread My legs apart, the Flames were up around My Bollocks and Arse, I looked at My Father, he was Wanking fiercely while watching us Burn, but I saw his 

left hand and he was curling back his index finger, meaning, come out now! I looked down at My Cock and Bollocks and racing hand, I was covered in Flames, I

started to Ejaculate My Lovely Juicy Spunk Cream, it hissed and sizzled as it Spurted into the Beautiful Flames, "O Fuck this is Fan-Fucking-Tastic" I shouted

as My Spunk Juice continued to pump out into the Fire, then I steped out of the Burning straw, My legs and lower body was Blistered and Burnt, My Bollocks 

were black and Roasted, I turned and looked back, Max was totally covered in Flames and as I watched he sank forwards, down into the heart of the Fire, My

eyes moved to Billy and Nicho, both were still standing and they were Jerking their Cocks so fast, and Spurting almost continuously into the Flames, I'm&nbsp; sure I 

could hear their Spunk Juice hissing and sizzling as it hit the Fire, Billy was first to sink down to his knees, but he was still Wanking his Cock, then his upper body

went backwards so that his head struck the Burning straw bale quite hard and a showe of sparks came up, then the Flames engulfed his body, at that instant

I saw Nicho stagger and fall sideways onto Billys Burning body, the Flames took hold of their bodies and seemed to roar above them, Max'es body was just a 

black Flaming mass, I could smell their Roasting meat, while this was happening, My Father and the Inspector were Spurting out rivers of Juicy cum Cream,

I looked down at My Burnt and Blistered body, My Cock was rock hard again, I moved back toward the Fire and with My hips thrust forward, I Spurted once

again into the Fire and over my Immolated friends.


My Father smiled and said. "Lets go back up to the house, and we will get you cleaned up, I have a special lotion to put on you, in the morning you will be good 

as new, and we can start the day with a good Thrashing for you, and I will start teaching you some of my secrets, what do you say, Son?" "Ok Dad, that sounds 

good, but right now I'm Fucking Knackered!! 

&nbsp;&nbsp; 
WOW what a day that turned out to be, and decades later I still get so excited whenever I think about that wonderful Friday. 

???THE END???

*****$*****
***+***
*!*
*
billymack@talktalk.net








Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Billy Mack


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





