BDSM Library - Escort Service




Escort Service
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  Candy is thrown into a life that she never thought she would see. She is a shy and quiet woman but once Mr Torlioni gets a hold of her she is no longer. Mr Torlioni whisks her off her feet leaving her breathless around every turn.






The house was enormous. It was white and had marble columns and black and white tile. High ceilings were all through the house along with art. Statues and paintings sat next in the front hall and in through the different rooms. A marble staircase led up to the second floor. Plants were randomly placed around the house to break up the brightness. A tall dark tanned man with black hair walked through the halls as if he were on a mission. He rushed up the stairs towards the east wing of the house where several guest bedrooms were.
"She's up here." he said as he walked down the hall. "She just came in last night."
"Oh yeah? Where did you find this one?" his friend asked.
"Well Carl, some guy dropped her off and said I could have her in exchange for someone else."
Carl was tall with dark olive colored skin and jet black hair and brown eyes. He was young and curious about his friends new inventory.
"Okay Michael, why would some random guy drop a chick off at your place? You run a damn whore house practically." Carl said as they walked down the hall to the bedroom the girl was in.
"I do not run a whore house." Michael said with a growl. "I run an escort service."
"Whatever, I want to see her." Carl said as they stopped at the third door on the left side of the hall.
Michael smiled and slowly opened the door. The room was dark red and had tan carpet. On the right hand side of the room was a bed with pink blankets and sheets. The left side of the room was a bed with white sheets and a down comforter. A small blonde laid in the white bed. She was short with long blonde hair and hazel eyes. Carl walked in and looked at her.
"She's beautiful." he said looking back at Michael.
"Aren't my other girls beautiful?" Michael asked looking at him with a scowl.
"This one has an innocent look about her." Carl said as he walked towards the door. "The other ones to be honest look to damn fake."
"Oh really?" Michael said as he closed the door. "So what do you think? Should I put her in the line up tonight?"
"I think you should let her get use to where she's at and what's going on." Carl said as they headed back to the stairs.
"Okay." Michael said as they descended the stairs. "I think I'll leave her to the high end clients for now."
It took her two days to get use to her new surroundings. She was uneasy with all the females around dressed so scantily. Carl introduced her to all of the girls. She was still unaware of what was going on around her. Michael spoke to her every now and then but never made an attempt to tell her what was going on around her. Michael gave her a few outfits to wear around the house when there were special friends over. He pulled her aside one night and told her to put on a white dress. It had a slit up the right leg and had a deep v-neck. Her large breasts almost fell out of the dress when she slipped into it.
"Why do you want me to wear this?" she asked.
"I have a friend coming over." Michael said as he handed her a box.
"So why do you want me dressed up?" she asked taking the box. "I still don't understand what is going on here?"
"What is your name?" Michael asked.
"Candy." she replied quietly as she opened the box.
"I told you I run an escort service." Michael replied as he sat down on her bed.
"What?" Candy asked turning to look at him.
"I run an escort service. I told you I'm saving you for my high end clients." he said as he stood up and looked around the room.
"I'm not sleeping with any of your friends." Candy said looking up at him. "I'm not a whore."
"Look, you live under my roof, you eat my food, you will do what you're paid to do." Michael said stepping closer to her.
"I'm not being pimped out." she snapped looking up at him as she dropped her shoes.
"I'm not pimping you out." Michael said grabbing her by her arms and pulling her to him.
"Yes you are. Making me dress up for your friends. I am not sleeping with anyone for money." she snapped.
"You will do what I tell you to do." he growled as he lowered his face to hers. "If you don't do as you are told, I will beat you myself or have my way with you."
"You wouldn't dare." Candy said quietly.
"I would." Michael said looking into her eyes. "Now finish getting ready because I have a client coming over."
"But what about the other girls?" Candy asked with a quiet and timid tone.
"I have my high end girls getting ready and the other girls are for the other customers." Michael explained. "I wouldn't give you to some asshole that wants a quick lay. You will bring more money with high end clients."
"Really?" Candy asked as he slid his arms around her waist and zipped up her dress.
"Yes. I have two types of clients and you are much to valuable to give to the lower clients." he said as he stepped back from her.
"So what are high clients like?" she asked as she slipped her white four inch heels on.
"They are the business men, CEO's, bankers, millionaires, stock brokers. Guys who are higher up on the food chain if you'd say." Michael said as he walked to the door. "The kind of guys that pay thousands of dollars for a female companion for a night or weekend or however long they want to keep their 'escort'."
"So if someone wants me they could keep me for like a week?" Candy asked as she slipped on a necklace.
"Yes." he said with a smile. "Now shall we get going down stairs before he gets here."
"Yes sir." Candy said quietly as she walked over to him.
"Good. Give me a kiss." Michael said standing in the middle of the doorway.
Candy stepped closer to him and tipped her chin up. He bent down and pressed his lips to her. It didn't take long for him to get aroused. Her lips were soft and sweet. The perfume was intoxicating and made his head swim. He slipped his tongue across her lips and over hers. Before he could get lost in their kiss he pulled away from her.
"I just might keep you to myself at this rate." Michael said as he looked into her eyes.
They headed downstairs to the sitting room off to the right of the front door. There were ten other girls dressed up in floor length gowns in the large room. Candy hadn't met most of them and she wasn't about to try and get to know them now. Michael led her over to the couch where he sat down. A few minutes later a girl wearing a black floor length gown showed in a tall black haired man. He wore a black suit and dress shoes. His eyes were brown and he was tan like Michael was.
"Michael, Mr. Torlioni is here." she said as she stepped aside letting him into the room.
Candy looked up at the man who entered the room slowly then quickly looked away when he looked at her. Michael stood up and held his hand out. He smiled as Mr. Torlioni walked over to him.
"How have you been?" Michael asked.
"I've been good. How about yourself?" Mr. Torlioni asked as he sat down in the chair next to the couch.
"Good. So what have you been up to?" Michael asked as he sat down.
"Still doing videos and running the damn business." he replied with a sigh.
"Sounds like the usual." Michael chuckled. "So are you here for Rachel tonight?"
"No. Something new tonight." Mr. Torlioni replied with a smile. "Last time Rachel decided to walk out on me."
"She did?" Michael asked looking over at Rachel. "Why didn't you tell me?"
"He was the one that wanted me to fuck another girl." Rachel snapped.
"Giovani, take her into the other room." Michael said as he looked over at the man standing beside the door. "So you have an idea of what you are looking for?"
"Not really." Mr. Torlioni said with a sigh. "It doesn't look like you've gotten any new girls lately."
"Yes I have." Michael said as he grabbed Candy's hand ushering her to stand up. "This is Candy. She's my new girl and she's a bit shy."
Michael spun his finger as if to tell her to spin around. Candy turned around so they could get a good look at her. Mr. Torlioni leaned forward and whispered something to Michael and then stood up. Michael stood up and took Candy's hand and led her out of the room. They walked into what looked like another sitting room but was smaller. He sat her down on one of the couches and sat down beside her. Just as he turned towards her, Mr. Torlioni walked into the room.
"Now, you will be leaving with Luke. Do what he asks and don't disappear like Rachel did or you will be in a world of hurt." Michael said looking at her with a serious expression. "Understand me?"
"Yes sir." Candy said timidly.
"Don't worry. I won't make you do something you don't want." Mr. Torlioni said sitting down next to her.
"I will leave you two to talk for a minute and then let me know if its a go." Michael said as he got up and walked out of the room.
"So you're Candy? Is that a fake name?" Mr. Torlioni asked sitting back against the couch.
"Its my real name." she replied quietly. "I have to be honest with you, I've never done anything like this before."
"That's okay. I enjoy company while I'm down in this part of town." he said with a smile. "I don't like to be alone."
"If you don't mind me asking, what town are we in?" Candy asked as she turned towards him.
"You don't know where you're at?"
"No. I was sort of beaten by my ex and left on Michael's front step as a gift I guess." she replied.
"Your ex left you as a gift? Why?" Mr. Torlioni asked with a puzzled look.
"I think he got something from Michael in exchange for me." Candy said quietly. "My ex sort of slapped me around and did something to me. I would rather not talk about this anymore."
"Okay. Well we can discuss what we will do and not do." he said with a smile.
"What does that mean?" she asked curiously.
"Sexually what you will and will not do." Mr. Torlioni said with a smile as he slid his arm over the back of the couch.
"Oh okay. I guess that explains it." Candy said with surprise. "But Michael said I had to do what you said."
"That's true but I respect you enough to find out what you like and don't like."
"That is very nice of you. Most men don't care when they are paying for sex." Candy said quietly.
"Seeing as how you've never done this before and its your first time, I think I'll ask rather than throw myself on you and rape you." Mr. Torlioni said with a quiet tone.
"Thank you." Candy said with a small smile. "Good looking and a gentleman. Were you this nice with Rachel?"
"No." he replied bluntly.
"No?!" Candy asked shocked. "Why?"
"She was a bitch after the first time I had her. She would disobey me. Call other guys over or leave. So before she would run out, I would be aggressive with her and take what I wanted no matter what she did or said." he explained in a low even tone.
"I'm sorry she did that to you." Candy said placing her hand on his knee. "You seem to be a nice guy."
"Let me warn you about other guys that might want your 'services'. Most of them appear to be nice and polite like I am now. When you get to their place that's where they are their true self." Mr. Torlioni explained.
"Can I ask you a question?" Candy asked as she took her hand off of his knee.
"If you put your hand back you can." he replied quietly.
Candy put her hand back on his knee with a small smile. "Why are you helping me?"
"You seem to be a pretty decent girl and I don't want you getting hurt. Honestly, I don't think-"
"So what is the deal?" Michael asked walking through the door.
"I might want to keep her for myself." Mr. Torlioni said with a smile as he ran his fingers down her back.
"Oh really?" Michael asked with a grin. "That will cost you."
"I will be taking her for the weekend. If plans change I will call you." Mr. Torlioni said as he stood up.
"Okay." Michael said with a grin. "Candy, please don't make me punish you okay?"
"Yes sir." Candy said as Mr. Torlioni held out his hand and helped her up.
"Go out and wait for me in the car. Its the limo with the husky driver standing at the back." Mr. Torlioni said quietly.
"Yes sir." Candy said as she walked towards the door.
Candy closed the door quietly and walked through the hall to the front entrance. She still didn't know where she was at and she was unaware of what would happen to her on their outing. She walked down the steps and saw the limo to the right with the husky driver that Mr. Torlioni had described. She smiled at the driver as he stood up.
"He didn't want Rachel?" he asked as he opened the door.
"No. He said she ran off last time he had her." Candy said quietly.
"I didn't like her." the driver huffed. "You don't look like the uh, escort type."
"This is my first time and I was sort of thrown into this." Candy said looking down at the ground.
"Well Mr. Torlioni will take care of you as long as you take care of him." he said with a smile.
"I hope so. I am scared. I've never done anything like this before." Candy said looking up at him. "I don't really want to either but Michael isn't giving me a choice."
"You'll be okay." he said as Mr. Torlioni walk out. "Here he comes."
Candy turned and saw Mr. Torlioni make his way towards the car. She stepped back from the door as he came closer.
"Is something wrong?" Mr. Torlioni asked as he stopped a step away from her.
"No." Candy replied quietly.
"Oh, well come on. I'd like to get going to show you where you are." he said holding his hand out.
"I thought you were suppose to get in first." Candy said as he took her hand and pulled her towards him.
"Ladies first." he said with a smile.
Candy slowly lowered herself into the car and Mr. Torlioni helped her with her dress. He had a big grin on his face as he ran his hand up her leg as she slid across the seat. Before he climbed into the car he said something to the driver she didn't understand. She looked around the limousine and folded her hands across her lap. Mr. Torlioni climbed in and then the driver closed the door.
"Ready for your weekend fun?" he asked looking at her as he turned towards her.
"To be honest, I'm nervous." Candy said with a timid expression as she looked up at him.
"Okay, that's understandable." Mr. Torlioni said with a smile as he took her hands. "I won't hurt you."
"I hope not." she said looking away from him.
"Can we discuss what we will do?" he asked as the car pulled out of the driveway.
"That's fine." Candy said looking up into his eyes. "What do you like?"
"I'd like to hear about you. What will you do?" Mr. Torlioni asked.
"What do you mean?" Candy asked quietly as if she were embarrassed.
"Will you do oral?" he asked.
"Oh that's what you mean." Candy giggled. "Um, I've done it before. If that's what you want I don't mind."
"What about anal?"
"I've never done it before so no."
"Okay. See, we are making progress." Mr. Torlioni said with a smile as he held her hands tightly. "What do you like during sex?"
"Oh my." Candy said with a sigh. "Well, I don't know because well, with my ex he was abusive so that's all I sort of know."
"Okay. Well we will play it by ear then." he said with a wink. "Now I want you to relax. Look out the window and tell me if you know where you are."
Candy slowly turned and looked out the window and looked at the buildings, trees, signs and people they were passing. She turned and looked out Mr. Torlioni's window and saw the same but past the tall buildings she thought she saw water.
"I don't know." she said turning to look back out her window. "I can't tell where we are."
"We are in Miami." Mr. Torlioni said quietly as he pointed over to the water.
"We are?" Candy asked quietly.
"Yes we are Candy."
"But just last week I was living in Sana Barbara with my ex." she said quietly.
"Well you are here now." he said sliding his hand up and down her exposed thigh. "Shall we head to the hotel where we can relax?"
"If that's what you want." Candy said quietly. "I'm at your disposal."
"That's true."
Candy sat quietly watching the buildings pass by. She was quiet the entire ride to the hotel. Mr. Torlioni made a few phone calls and gave her a glass of champagne. They pulled up to the Vientiane hotel after a fifteen minute drive. Mr. Torlioni helped Candy out of the car when they stopped. She was surprised and in awe of the hotel. She had never been at such a nice hotel before. Mr. Torlioni took her hand and walked with her to the door and to the elevator where they headed up to his pent house. Candy gasp when they entered the room. It was elegant and very expensive looking she told Mr. Torlioni. He laughed and closed the door.
"Would you like something to eat?" he asked as he slipped off his jacket.
"If that's okay with you." Candy replied quietly as she slowly turned to look at him.
"Let me ask you something Candy." Mr. Torlioni said as he walked up to her.
"Okay."
"Why is it that when I ask you a question you get really quiet? Like just now for example." he asked as he stood before her.
"Its because I've never been asked for anything. If I asked for something I was yelled at or hit." she replied looking away from him.
"That explains it." he sighed. "Well I am not going to starve you or beat you. Unless that's what you want."
"I'm glad you picked me tonight. I can learn a lot from you." Candy said giggling after his comment.
"I had a nail appointment for Rachel set up. Would you like to get your nails done?" Mr. Torlioni asked as he raised her hands to his chest.
"I've never had my nails done." she said quietly.
"Good. I'll treat you to that then." he said with a grin. "Now, I will have you every weekend, nail appointment included. I'll set up dinner before I leave that way it will be waiting when we arrive. I also want to watch you shower before we go to bed."
"That sounds okay." Candy said looking up at him. "But what if Michael sets me up with someone else on a weekend?"
"Oh he won't. I will make it very clear that no one is to have you on the weekend." Mr. Torlioni said in a serious tone. "Now, I would like you to undress me before I order dinner and get in the shower."
"Okay." Candy said as he kissed her hand.
Candy slowly unbuttoned his shirt and pulled it out of his pants and then removed the cuff links from his sleeves before sliding the shirt off of his tan muscular torso. She was surprised at how large he really was. His clothes certainly hid his toned body. He had a tiger tattoo on the right side of his chest and large dragon on his back with tribal accents coming up over his shoulders. Just as Candy went to unfasten his pants there was a knock at the door.
"Hello Jessica." Mr. Torlioni said as he opened the door.
"Is the bitch here?" Jessica asked walking into the room.
"No. Rachel is no longer going to be with me." he said as he showed her into the pent house. "I have Candy now."
Candy smiled a shy smile at Jessica as she came into the room. Jessica was 5' 8" with long dark burgundy hair and green eyes. She wore a bright yellow tank top and jean shorts and flip flops that accented her tan. Jessica was surprised at the site of Candy. Candy was a mere 5' 2" with long blonde hair and hazel eyes. She had large triple D breasts that looked odd on her small frame and a medium tan.
"Hi Candy. I'm Jessica." she said smiling. "I'll be doing your nails."
"Hi Jessica. Its nice to meet you." Candy said in a shy tone.
"I'll be back in an hour after dinner. Luke will show you where I'll do your nails."
"Okay." Candy said as they turned to leave the room.
Jessica waited until they were outside the pent house before she commented.
"She is beautiful." she said looking up at Mr. Torlioni.
"She is. This is her first time doing this. Maybe you could help her and give her some tips later. She's nervous." Mr. Torlioni sighed.
"This is her first time? Why is she here? She doesn't need to be in Michael's house." Jessica said in shock. "Hell I'll take her from Michael if I have to."
"I am almost at that point. Her boyfriend gifted her to Michael. I don't know what all is going on with her and Michael, but I will find out." he said with a smile. "There is something about her that draws you in."
"Yeah I'll go in alright and have her myself." Jessica grinned.
"Hey, I'm not going to have a threesome on her first night. I'll introduce the idea or maybe have you two go at it while I watch." he said with a smirk.
"Yeah we aren't having sex Luke. I'll take my time with her. I didn't like Rachel." she said quietly.
"I didn't after she took off on me." Mr. Torlioni said with a frown. "Anyway, we will discuss this later on."
"Okay. I'll be back in an hour." Jessica said with a smile.
"You'd better be." Mr. Torlioni said as he walked back into the pent house.
He found Candy looking around the living room of the pent house. He quietly walked up behind her and slipped his arms around her waist. Her body was warm to the touch.
"So what would you like for dinner?" he asked quietly.
"Do you have a menu?" Candy asked looking up at him.
"Yes I do." Mr. Torlioni said as he walked over and grabbed a menu from the table. "Here's the menu."
"Thank you." Candy said taking it from him. "So Jessica seems nice."
"She likes you too." he said with a smile. "Now, order whatever you want. I'll be right back. I have to go get my laptop."
"Okay."
Candy sighed as she sat down on the couch and looked at the menu. She couldn't believe what was on the menu. Before Mr. Torlioni walked back into the room, she ordered ten pieces of sushi with two California rolls, strawberry's and whip cream.
"Did you order something?" he asked as he entered the room.
"Yes." she replied with a smile.
"What did you order?"
"Some sushi and some strawberry's and whip cream." Candy replied looking up at him. "Is that okay?"
"Yes, it's okay Candy." Mr. Torlioni asked as he sat down on the couch beside her. "Now, shall we continue with what we were doing before Jessica showed up?"
"Oh, yes we can if that's what you'd like." Candy said as she slid off the couch and knelt in front of him.
Candy took off his shoes and socks and set them aside. Mr. Torlioni sat back and watched Candy take care of his shoes. She knelt between his legs and slid her hands up his thighs until they reached his belt. Slowly she unbuckled his belt and unfastened his pants. She looked up at him with a shy smile as she opened his pants.
"I suppose you want me to stand up so you can pull these off of me." he said with a grin.
"Well only if you plan on taking a shower in the nude." Candy giggled.
"Maybe I want to shower with my clothes on." Mr. Torlioni said laughing with her.
"Then why am I undressing you?" she asked with a smile.
"Because I want you to." he replied leaning forward. "And I want you to do more than undress me."
"Really? What would that be Mr. Torlioni?" Candy asked sitting up as he got closer to her.
"Oh I think you know what I want you to do." he said with a grin. "Now come here and kiss me."
Candy slowly leaned forward and closed her eyes. Their lips touched and it surprised him as to how sweet her lips were and intoxicating her scent was. His hands slid up onto her hair and his tongue slid over her lips and over her tongue. Candy placed her hands on his thighs as he deepened the kiss. Just as he went to pull the zipper down on her gown, there was a knock at the door. It was room service. Candy got up and answered the door as Mr. Torlioni went into the bathroom to take a shower. Candy turned on the TV and watched the late news as she ate her dinner. She saved the strawberry's for later thinking Mr. Torlioni might want some as well. Once she was done with her sushi, she placed the dishes and cart outside the door. When she sat back down on the couch she slipped her shoes off just before there was another knock at the door.
"Hi Jessica." Candy said opening the door.
"Hi Candy." Jessica said as she walked into the room. "Is Mr. Torlioni in the shower?"
"Yes." Candy replied quietly.
"Okay. Well lets go into the lounge. That's usually where I do the bitches nails." Jessica said as Candy closed the door.
"Oh okay. Am I a bitch?" Candy asked timidly.
"No, no, no. I meant Rachel." Jessica said laughing. "You aren't a bitch."
Candy smiled as Jessica grabbed her hand and walked her into the lounge. She sat Candy down in one of the cushioned chairs and pulled her table out and set up everything. Then she sat down at took a hold of Candy's hand after she turned on her light. Jessica was surprised at how little Candy's hands were and how short she was.
"How tall are you?" Jessica asked as she started filing Candy's nails.
"I think I'm around five feet two inches or something." Candy replied watching Jessica file her nails.
"Oh wow. I thought you were taller." Jessica giggled.
"No it was the shoes." Candy sighed. "I've never worn shoes that tall before."
"So Mr. Torlioni said that this is your first time." Jessica said with a smile.
"It is. My ex traded me for something from Michael. I don't know what though. Last I knew I was in Sana Barbara."
"Oh wow. So are you nervous?" Jessica asked as she grabbed her other hand.
"Yes." Candy replied quietly. "I feel so dirty. I feel like a piece of meat being passed around."
"Don't worry. Mr. Torlioni isn't an asshole. He treats women with respect." Jessica said as she grabbed the nail box.
They discussed Mr. Torlioni and what he was like as Jessica did her nails. Just as they were finishing up, Jessica asked Candy a question that shocked her.
"I've never been with a female." Candy said after a long pause.
"So it would be something to explore right?" Jessica asked looking at Candy with a grin. "I mean it wouldn't get to crazy."
"But who? I mean, I don't know anyone that would do that." Candy said quietly. "I don't know if I would do that. Does Mr. Torlioni do that sort of thing?"
"Its up to the girl really. He isn't forceful and respects boundaries." Jessica replied as she turned on a fan.
"Oh."
"Rachel did that sort of thing but she also ran out on him to go sleep with some other guys." Jessica said with a scowl.
"I don't understand how or why Mr. Torlioni would help me like he is." Candy said in a shy tone. "I don't know why he would help a um, prostitute."
"Candy, you are not a prostitute." Jessica said sternly. "You are an escort. Escorts don't always have sex with whoever they go with. Sometimes they go to parties for show or just talk with the guy."
"Really?" Candy asked looking up at Jessica with surprise. "I didn't know they did that."
"Are you two about done?" Mr. Torlioni called from the other end of the pent house.
"Yes." Jessica called back. "Just drying now."
"So is there anything I should know about Mr. Torlioni? Like is there something he likes?"
"I'm not sure. I just came and did Rachel's nails." Jessica replied as she started to put everything away.
"Jessica, when you're done come here." Mr. Torlioni called.
Jessica finished packing up her things and told Candy to wait ten minutes before she turned off the fan. Just before she walked out of the room, Candy thanked her. Once Jessica was out of the room, Candy sat thinking about what they had talked about. Mr. Torlioni came into the room twenty minutes later. He was wrapped in a towel and smiling. Candy stood up when he entered the room and smiled.
"How do you like them?" he asked as he walked over to her.
"Its very different." Candy replied as he stopped in front of her.
"You are short." Mr. Torlioni said with a grin.
"So I keep hearing." Candy said quietly. "Did you enjoy your shower?"
"Very much so." he replied as he slid his arms around her waist. "But I believe its your turn to shower."
"Okay." Candy said with a small smile. "Where is the bathroom?"
Mr. Torlioni took her hand and led her to the bathroom. The shower stood in the middle of the room with all glass panels. A double sink sat on the right side of the room with a large mirror above it. To the left was a large Jacuzzi bath tub and a cushioned couch.
"This is a big bathroom." Candy said looking around the room. "I like the light orange color though."
"So do I." he said slowly turning her around. "Now, time for your shower."
Candy stood still as he unzipped her dress and pushed the straps from her shoulders and let it fall to her feet. She looked up at him as he slowly knelt down in front of her and hooked his fingers in her white g-string and slid it down off her hips. He looked up at her and smiled.
"Simply beautiful."
"Thank you Mr. Torlioni." Candy said quietly with a smile.
"Now you take a shower and don't rush. Take your time." he said with a smile as he stood up.
"Okay." Candy said as she turned away.
"Are you forgetting something?" he asked in a low gentle tone.
Candy turned back to him with a puzzled expression. "Did I forget something?"
"From now on, any time you walk away from me I want you to kiss me." Mr. Torlioni said taking a step towards her.
"Okay." Candy said looking up at him. "But what if you walk away from me?"
"Same thing. I want a kiss from you."
"Can I ask you something?" she asked in a shy tone.
"Yes."
"Why do you want me to kiss you every time we walk away from each other? Michael said no kissing because its personal." Candy said looking at him curiously.
"I am not Michael. What we do is our business. You are not to tell him what we do. That is part of the business." Mr. Torlioni replied as he wrapped his arms around her. "I like kissing you. That's why I want you to kiss me. You're a great kisser."
"Oh okay." Candy said surprised. "Well I didn't know you aren't suppose to talk about what you did on an 'outing' because Michael asks what the girls did."
"He's nosy." he grumbled. "Now go take a shower."
Candy tipped her chin up and pressed her lips to his once he leaned down for her. She smiled and walked into the bathroom. Once she had the shower on and the temperature she wanted, Candy stepped in and closed the door behind her. As the water washed over her she relaxed. At Michael's house she had to share a bathroom with six other girls so showers were hard to enjoy. Candy saw a bottle of conditioner and shampoo in the corner on the ledge with her name on it. It was French vanilla scented along with the body wash that sat next to it with a pink lufa.
Mr. Torlioni sat on the bench watching her as she showered. Her movements were slow and almost seductive. She washed her small frame slowly as if she were taking special care not to miss a spot. It didn't take long for him to become aroused as he watched her. It was obvious she didn't know he was there because she hummed to herself and didn't sound bad like Rachel had. Once Candy was done and turned off the water, Mr. Torlioni got up and grabbed a towel. Candy was still humming to herself when she stepped out of the shower and saw Mr. Torlioni holding a towel.
"Hi. Um, how long have you been in here?" Candy asked as she slowly took the towel from him.
"The entire time." Mr. Torlioni replied with a grin. "You are very beautiful."
"Thank you." Candy said turning red as she dried off. "Uh, do you have any lotion?"
"Yes. Finish drying off and I'll take you to it." he replied with a smile. "I like watching you shower."
"I bet you did."
"No not like that Candy. You are beautiful and graceful. You are seductive without trying to be." he said as he walked to the door. "Rachel tried to be seductive in the shower and sounded like shit. You don't."
Candy looked down trying to hide her embarrassment as she finished drying off. Once she was finished and wrapped the towel around herself, Mr. Torlioni walked her to the bedroom and picked her up and sat her on the tall king size bed.
"Where's the lotion?" Candy asked looking at him with a curious expression.
"I'm going to put it on you." he replied grabbing her foot gently.
As he massaged the lotion on her legs and feet Candy felt strange. She never was treated this well before. He must want something from her in return she thought. As his hands slid up her thighs and his fingers slid across her hip she moaned.
"I take it that is a sensitive spot." Mr. Torlioni said as he climbed up on the bed.
"Yes." Candy said as he knelt beside her.
"I like it."
His hands continued to run over her thighs and hips making her moan periodically. He had her roll over and then started to lotion her back after slowly running his hands over her ass. She moaned and arched when he slipped a hand between her legs and across her pussy. His hands were strong yet soft as they ran over her soft skin. He whispered in her ear to roll over and she did. Never did she think she would be turned on by a massage but she was. Mr. Torlioni smiled to himself as he slid his hands over her arms and hands before moving to her torso. Candy tried to keep her breathing steady but wasn't able to as his hands slid over her stomach and drifted down onto her hips. She arched and moaned as he purposly touched her sensative spot on her hips. Slowly he moved up to her breasts. His fingers teased her nipples until they were hard. A moan escaped her lips as his fingers teased her nipples.
"Mr. Torlioni I can't-"
"Call me Luke." he said quietly as he leaned forward and kissed her neck.
"Luke, I can't take it anymore." Candy pleaded as she arched beneath him.
"Take what anymore?" he asked kissing her neck.
"You're teasing me." she whimpered.
"I'm putting lotion on you." Luke said as his right hand slid down her stomach and between her legs.
"Luke, please." Candy begged.
"But I like this. I can take my time with you and ease you into your first time." he said as he slid a finger across her clit.
"Luke." Candy gasped.
"Candy please don't beg." Luke said lightly biting her neck. "Its a turn on."
"Luke, please stop teasing me." she pleaded as her hands slid up and losened his towel. "Please."
Luke groaned as her fingers slid up his sides and around his neck. Her body arched higher as his finger slid across her clit in a circular motion teasing her into an orgasm. Her nails dug into his back as she moaned and climaxed. Luke growled and pressed his lips to hers. After she relaxed and lay back on the bed, he lifted his head slightly and looked into her eyes.
"Do you mind taking your nails out of my back?" he asked quietly.
"I'm sorry." Candy said snatching her hands away from him. "I'm so sorry. Let me look at you."
"I think you may have broken skin on that one." Luke said as he moved over and lay on the bed.
Candy sat up and ran her hand over his back where she had dug her nails in. "I didn't break the skin."
"Okay." he said with a sigh.
"Next time I do that, don't hesitate to pull my hands away." Candy said as she leaned down and kissed the nail marks.
Luke groaned as her lips touched his skin. She slowly kissed up onto his neck and then lightly bit him. Her lips kissed along his jaw as he slowly rolled over onto his back. Candy slid her hands up over his stomach and onto his chest as she slid her leg over him so she was over top of him. Her lips pressed against his as she lowered herself on top of him and incidently brushed her pussy across his hard cock. Luke groaned and wrapped his arms around her waist as she slid her tongue across his lower lip. His tounge lashed out over hers in silent hunger as he quickly rolled her over so he was now on top of her.
Candy's eyes fluttered open as he lifted himself up off of her. She was puzzled at the sudden act but didn't ask what was wrong.
"Did Micheal give you condoms?" Luke asked as steady as he could.
"No. He didn't give me anything but the dress and shoes." Candy replied puzzled.
"We can't do anything until we have condoms. I don't want to get you pregnant." he said with a sigh.
"You won't." Candy said quietly.
"What do you mean?" Luke asked surprised and shocked.
"I mean you can't get me pregnant." she replied looking down at his cock. "Holy shit!"
"What?" Luke asked afraid something was wrong.
"You are huge." Candy said looking back up into his eyes.
"Yes I am." Luke said with a grin. "Now what do you mean I won't get you pregnant?"
"I had a hysterectomy."
"That works." he said shocked. "So, now this is awkward."
"Don't worry about it." Candy said with a small smile. "I still don't think you'll fit."
"If I take it slow it will be fine Candy." Luke said laying down on top of her.
"Did you take it easy with Rachel?"
"Hell no. That bitch wandered off on me, took advantage of my friends here at the hotel so I wasn't nice at all." he replied bluntly. "She deserved it to."
"You aren't going to hurt me are you?" Candy asked nervously.
"No Candy I won't." Luke smiled. "I'll take it easy with you."
Luke lowered his head and pressed his lips to hers once again. Candy slipped her arms around his neck as he lifted himself up. Slowly and carefully he slid the head of his cock into her pussy. She was very tight. A moan escaped from her lips as he slid his long hard length inside of her.

"I will be back Friday night to pick you up once again." Luke said as they pulled into the driveway.
"Okay." Candy said with a smile.
"Don't tell Micheal or Rachel for that matter what we did. They don't need to know." he said taking a hold of her hand.
"What if they keep prying?" Candy asked as they slowed to a stop.
"Tell them its private. If they keep at it then tell them we went to Club Jasper and to the Buisness Ball." Luke replied.
"Okay." Candy said with a smile.
"I enjoyed my weekend with you." Luke said with a smile.
"I enjoyed it too." Candy said with a grin. "I'm glad I was with you for my first outing. If you could call it that."
"I'm going to enjoy having you every weekend." Luke said with a smile.
"I think I'll enjoy it too." Candy giggled.
Luke helped Candy out of the car as Micheal walked out the front door. Candy thanked Luke for the weekend and then headed inside after Micheal walked up.
"So was she okay?" Micheal asked. "She didn't give you any problems did she?"
"No Micheal she didn't." Luke said with a smile. "We had a great time."
"Really? That's good." Micheal said with a smile.
"I'll be expecting her this weekend too. Friday night I'll be by to pick her up." Luke said as he handed Micheal an envelope. "I just might want you to keep her out of the line up so I have her to myself."
"That can be arranged." Micheal said sliding the envelope in his pocket. "If you wanted I could even sell her to you."
"Wait, didn't her ex trade you something for her?" Luke asked confused.
"Yeah. He gave me her in return for Skittles." Micheal said with a grin.
"He wanted Skittles?" Luke asked looking at Micheal surprised. "Skittles, the girl that in a sense looks like a guy? Long black hair with the fucked up nose?"
"That would be the one." Micheal said with a sigh. "Skittles was the lowest girl on the totum pole. I don't understand why he would want Skittles and leave Candy with me!"
"Damn." Luke said shaking his head. "Well I'll be by this Friday to get her. I will call and let you know what time when I figure it out."
"Sounds good." Micheal said as Luke climbed into the limosine.

The week slid by slowly for Candy. A few times she would run into Rachel but she wouldn't talk to her unless she was forced to. Luke showed up around five o'clock Friday night to pick her up for their weekend together. Candy sat quietly in the sitting room as Luke talked to Micheal. She didn't look up at Luke at all as he talked with Micheal which confused him. Then Micheal said something to her and she got up and walked out of the room.
"What is going on with her?" Luke asked confused.
"She is hurt because Rachel called her names and said that you were no good in bed." Micheal explained. "She got nasty with Candy."
"That's something I should have seen coming." Luke grumbled.
"Don't worry about it. I took care of it." Micheal said with a big grin.
"I bet you did." Luke said as he stood up. "I will be back Monday this time to drop her off."
"Its only been one week and you're extending a day?" Micheal grinned as they walked out of the room towards the front door.
"I enjoyed our time together." Luke said with a smile. "She is a very sweet girl."
"Alright but be careful. She might be sore a little because Rachel got into it with her this week."
Luke shook his head as he opened the front door.
"Luke, if you leave with her its over." Rachel said behind him on the stairs.
"Its Mr. Torlioni to you and I'm the one paying here Rachel. I don't have any comitment to you. Besides you were the one that ran off and didn't want to be with me and now I've got someone else." Luke said with a growl as he turned to look at her.
Rachel stood on the stairs wearing a skimpy pink halter top with no bra and a black mini skirt with no panties. Her hair was down around her shoulders and make up was heavily done.
"Its over if you leave with her." Rachel hissed again.
"It was never on." Luke said as he walked out the door.
Once the door closed he heard Rachel screaming and stomping around as he walked towards his car. Candy was already in the car when he approached and the driver looked at him with concerned and worried eyes. He asked what was wrong and he told him that he would see. As soon as he climbed into the limosine, Candy slid over and looked away from him.
"What's wrong? Did I do something for you to not look at me?" Luke asked as he took her hand in his.
"No. Its nothing you did Mr. Torlioni." Candy replied squeezing his hand.
"Then what is it honey?" he asked as the car started to pull out of he driveway and onto the street.
"I didn't want you to find out." Candy said quietly. "That's why I called you and told you I was sick."
"You're seeing someone else now aren't you?" Luke asked as he slumped back against the seat.
"No I'm not Mr. Torlioni. Its just that I didn't want you to see me like this." Candy said with a heavy sigh.
"Like what?"
Candy slowly turned to look at him and he saw the right side of her face was bruised from beside her eye down to her jaw. Luke started cussing and yelling in another language she was unaware of which scared her. Candy slid over in her sit next to the door and wrapped her arms around herself. She cowered timidly against the door as Luke yelled. The driver talked back to him in the language which was aparent that he knew as well. After a few minutes and they got closer to the hotel, Luke turned and saw Candy shaking and clutching her arms.
"Candy, what's wrong?" Luke asked as he calmed down.
"You're scaring me Mr. Torlioni." Candy said in a quiet voice.
A heavy sigh escaped his lips as he sat back against the seat and opened his arms. "Come here baby."
Slowly Candy slid across the seat and slid her arms around his waist as his arms closed around her shoulders. He held her as she cried and even carried her up to his room when they finally arrived at the hotel. Candy held onto him until he lay down on the bed beside her and kissed her lightly. She let go of his waist and looked up at him.
"Rachel kept asking me what we did and I refused to tell her." she said with a small voice. "She went and told Micheal that I was holding information from her and he beat me. Rachel hit me a few times but that was after she sort of raped me."
"What do you mean sort of raped you?" Luke asked tensing up.
"Well she sort of used a strap on and then fucked me with something else. I'm not sure what though because my face was in a pillow."
"Candy, I don't know how you are going to take this but I feel I have to tell you." Luke said with a sigh as he sat up. "I don't know what it is about you, but just after last weekend, our first night together, I feel like I have to be protective of you. I don't want to see you hurt."
"But we just spent that one weekend together." Candy said looking up at him confused. "I don't understand."
"There is something about you that keeps drawing me in. I'm not taking you back to Micheal's. You are not going to be treated this way again."
"What do you mean?"
"I mean that you aren't going back there to be beaten because you won't tell Rachel what we did."
"What about Micheal though?" Candy asked sitting up next to him. "He will be mad that I didn't come back. He'll be pissed off because you didn't bring me back."
"I will deal with him honey. Don't worry about him." Luke said rolling over onto his back. "Even if I have to buy you from him."
"Buy me?"
"Yes. Your ex sold you or traded you rather, for Skittles."
"Skittles?" Candy exclaimed. "Why did he sell me? How could he sell me?"
Luke knew that Candy was highly upset but wasn't about to leave her and not tell her what she wanted to know. After she initaly got calmed down and the shock wore off that she was sold like a peice of meat, Luke explained what was going on with Micheal's house and what his "buisness" entailed. Jessica came up and set up in the room they had been in last time and made sure they knew she was there by walking into the room and breifly saying hello.
"I can't believe him." Candy sniffed. "He sold me like a peice of meat."
"Hey, I'll take this meat any day." Luke said as his hand slid up between her legs and a finger crossed her pussy.
"Luke." Candy said half smiling. "I'm serious. He didn't 'own' me to sell me."
"I know honey but we will get through this. I'm calling Micheal right now." Luke said as he got up from the bed. "Go see Jessica and get your nails done."
"Okay." Candy said quietly as he helped her up.
He watched her slowly walk into the other room as he picked up his phone. Luke smiled to himself as he watched her hips sway as she walked away but then as he heard Micheal's voice on the other end of the phone he grew angry again.
"Oh my god what happened to you?" Jessica shreiked when she saw Candy. "Did Luke hit you?"
"No Luke didn't touch me." Candy said quietly. "Rachel and Micheal did."
"What?!" Jessica said loudly as she stood up almost knocking the chair over. "Why would they touch you like that? Did you say something to them?"
"It's what I wouldn't say to them that made them angry." Candy said sitting down across from Jessica. "Rachel wanted to know what we did and I wouldn't tell her. I was told not to say anything. Well she ran off and told Micheal that I was holding information from her and he beat me."
"Oh my god. Has Luke seen this?" Jessica asked leaning across the table and turning Candy's head.
"He's on the phone with Micheal right now." she replied quietly.
"I don't understand why he would hit you. I mean I've known Micheal for a little while and I've never heard of him hitting one of his girls."
"Well Jessica this happened between Rachel hitting me herself and sort of, well, raping me." Candy said looking down at the floor.
Jessica stood straight up and started screaming in the same language that Luke had been yelling in. Candy just looked down at the floor as Jessica made her way to the other room where she and Luke were yelling at each other.

It took at least two hours for Jessica and Luke to calm down and when they walked back into the room, Candy was asleep. Luke smiled and looked at Jessica.
"Shall we take care of this later?" he asked quietly. "I do not wish to disturb her."
"That's fine Luke. If you want me to come back later on and take care of her just give me a heads up." Jessica replied as she picked up her bag with her nail kit in it.
"I shall get her to bed and then I'm off to make a few calls." Luke said as he walked over to Candy.
Jessica quietly took her things and left. She was mad about what had happened but still wouldn't have put it past Micheal and Rachel to do such a thing. Luke carefully picked Candy up and laid her down in his bed after he carefully removed her dress and shoes leaving her only in her thong. He pulled up the down comforter and covered her up as he kissed her forehead.

Candy slowly opened her eyes and saw Luke sleeping beside her. He was on his back and his face was turned away from her and his arms were up over his head. She smiled and rolled over onto her stomach. Slowly her fingers slid up over his skin and sending a tinggling sensation down her spine. She smiled to herself and&nbsp; laid her head on his left shoulder as her fingers slid down his chest. One thing she wasn't expecting was when her fingers slid down his torso and brushed across his hip, she brushed her hand across his cock. She gasped at the touch but continued running her finger tips over his skin leaving what seemed like trails of fire across his body.
A growl startled her just after she slid her fingers down his hard length. She finally got brave enough to where she would take a hold of him and caress him. Candy was curious about his body and about who he was. Candy looked up at him and saw him squeezing his eyes shut. His hands were gripping the bed beneath him and he was biting his lip. Candy pulled her hand away and sat up to look at him. She was scared that she had hurt him but at the same time she would have known if she was or not.
"Did I hurt you?" Candy asked nervously.
"Don't stop what you were doing." he growled as he looked up at her.
"But I'm hurting you." she said quietly as her eyes locked onto his.
"No you aren't baby. You are doing the total opposite to me."
"You mean you like what I was doing?" Candy asked surprised.
"Yes I do. I would like to know why you stopped." he said in a low stern voice.
"I stopped because I thought I was hurting you." she replied quietly. "How long have you been awake?"
"I've been awake for about twenty minutes now." Luke said with a low voice. "Since you came over here and laid down next to me I've been awake."
Candy looked at him with a shocked expression. Luke grinned and held out his hand. Slowly she placed her hand in his. He slowly pulled her down on top of him and placed her hand on his cock. She looked up at him with surprise and was unsure of what to do.
"You woke him up honey." Luke said with a grin. "Now you take care of him."
"But how do I take care of him? I don't know what you like." Candy said as his hand tightened around her hand and his cock. "I don't want to hurt you."
"You are going to hurt me if you don't take care of me."
Candy looked at him for a moment before his hand slid from hers. Once his hands were off of her, she began stroking his hard cock. He groaned as her hand slid down his length and closed his eyes as he took a deep breath. She didn't stop stroking him until he pulled her hand off of him and lifted her up over himself. He lowered her down on top of him after she spread her legs.
"I want you to ride me." Luke said in a stern tone.
"Okay." Candy said quietly.
Luke held onto her as she leaned forward and her hand reached around and took a hold of his cock. She slid the head of his cock across her wet pussy making him groan. Slowly she slid him into her as a low moan escaped her lips. Her eyes closed as she lowered herself onto him. Luke gripped her hips as she raised herself up to the head of his cock. Candy slowly rode him for what seemed like ages. Her back arched and hands slid up into her hair. Luke couldn't resist placing his hands on her breasts and teasing her nipples. Candy gasp and slowly lowered herself onto him again.
"You are teasing me aren't you?" Luke asked as he gripped her sides holding her still.
"No." Candy said quietly.
"Well why are you going so slow then?" he asked grufly.
"Because I've never done this position before." she replied looking down. "Am I not doing it right?"
"Baby you are doing just fine."
"Are you sure?"
"I'm sure baby." Luke replied with a smile.
Candy slowly picked up her pace and not to long after, she moaned loudly and grabbed a hold of his hands and arched her back. Luke groaned and smiled as he watched Candy have an orgasm. A grin slid across his face as he started thrusting into Candy. She began moaning louder and started to shake. Her pussy tightened around his cock as he thrust into her with a quickened pace. He watched intently as her breasts bounced taunting him as she moaned louder and pleaded.
Finall after what seemed like ages, Candy fell forward on top of him breathing heavily. She couldn't move at the moment and he took advantage of it. Luke slid his arms around her back and rolled over so she was on her back.



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Wendi Coppernoll


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





