BDSM Library - The Wrong Bus




The Wrong Bus
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  A group of people get on a bus for a fun outing but what they get is pain and terror.






 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; THE WRONG BUS

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; by RED DOGGIE 

WARNING!!! This is a foul, racist, nasty, and unredeeming story of death and torture. If you don't like that sort of tale then do everyone a favor and don't read it in the first place, so you won't be tempted to write outraged messages of disgust. But if you do like this stuff and have praise or criticism of my writing style or how the story is going etc., I'd like to hear it.
















Last chance to watch a Disney flick!!!







 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; PART ONE

"Reggie, baby, I know a great score for you and your guys to pull.&nbsp; Lot of white pussy and kids I know you can make a shitload of dough off it", Taniqua told her boyfriend as she blew him in his car. 

"What kind of score bitch?" Reggie replied as he fingered her pussy. Taniqua looked up and jerked his big cock as she told him about it. "You know I got this gig at the bus rental place. Yesterday some whitebread bitch came down looking to rent a 20 seater for a picnic or some shit. So I asked her how many and were there kids and all that shit and there's gonna be like 18 or so and a bunch of them kids and teens. Did I do good baby? You happy baby?" Taniqua asked, desperately hoping he would be. 

"It sounds good so far bitch" he told her as he pushed her mouth back down over his cock. After a few violent up and down thrusts he held her up by her hair and said "What else about the score?"

She explained "I know where they get picked up and the time and everything. The driver gets to take the bus home the night before 'cause it's a long ride and it saves time for him. All you gotta do is bust in his place and get the keys. Just have him call in that he's gonna leave and it's recorded at the office so I'm covered. Then you kill him. Once you pick up the group you and the bus disappear baby. And nobody's looking for them cause it's a whole day rental. You can't lose Reg". Reggie looked down at her and smiled, his white teeth gleaming in the glow of the streetlights. "You're my good little bitch. Now finish", he said and she began to suck him hard and fast as he played with her tits.

Reggie planned the kidnapping with his gang. Trey was the one to drive got a uniform and ID. Reggie told him "You and Willie go to the driver's house early and take care of him. He's married so his old lady is probably there but Taniqua don't know about kids or anyone else. Willie drives and you can toss the place when you're done. The pickup time is 8 am but make sure you get to the pickup place by 7:45 so you're early and all the ladies and kids won't be worried about nothin' but their little picnic. Don't fuck this up Trey. This is a big score and if it goes shitty, they'll be looking for you instead. Got it?" 

Trey smiled and told his boss "You know I'm cool with this shit man. I pick em up and I can fuck with them later. I got it down". Reggie nodded and said " Ok then. I got to make some calls and plan the rest of this out. This will keep us in dough and drugs for a long time guys".

It was 3 am Saturday when Willie and Trey quietly creeped behind the Miller home.&nbsp; Willie took out his pick kit and, in a move practiced dozens of times, quickly opened the inadequate back door lock. "We're in man" Willie said and they both went inside. Armed with knives and silenced hand guns, they quietly went upstairs in the dark house, looking for the master bedroom. Trey came across a slightly opened door and peeked in. He saw what looked to be a teenage boy in bed. He closed in and saw that he was right. With not a second of hesitation he pulled his gun and sent a slug into the boys head and blood and brains splattered all over the bed and wall. He went back out and hand motioned to Willie "one down". 

He went to where Willie was and they looked into that room and saw it was a young girl's room. They shut the door and went to the last room. A man and woman were asleep in their bed. The two thugs held their guns in hand and Willie went next to the man and Trey turned on the lights. Neither victim moved. So Trey went next to the woman. They both reached down and in unison clamped a hand over the sleeping couples mouths. Eric Miller and his wife Mary woke up panicked and startled for a few seconds until they realized two men were holding guns on them. 

Willie said "Keep quiet and you'll be ok. Got it?" The couple both nodded yes. Their mouths were uncovered and Willie told them "We just want the keys to the bus".&nbsp; Eric quickly nodded his head towards the dresser. Willie flipped the covers off the couple and pulled him out of bed. "Show me". 
Eric's hands were visibly shaking as he pointed out the proper keys. "Thank you" Willie said, doing his best to keep from laughing. Trey pulled a roll of duct tape from his pocket, tore off a piece and tightly placed it on Mary's mouth. Then he tossed it to Willie who did the same to Eric and also wrapped it around Eric's wrists and ankles and pushed him back onto the bed.

Trey told the couple "We already checked and we found two kids asleep. Anyone else?" Mary quickly shook her head "no". "Good, you didn't lie". "We got a few hours to kill so lets go downstairs and you can make us breakfast". Willie grabbed Eric by the arm and Trey got Mary. She was embarrassed and scared. She saw how the two black thugs were looking at her. All she had on was a see thru teddy and thong panties. Her big tits jiggled under the thin fabric. Trey tugged her arm and said "Let's go and be quiet. Don't want to wake the kids". He led her down to the kitchen, followed by Eric, who was taped up and half carried, half dragged down by Willie. 

Eric was seated at the kitchen table and Willie sat next to him. Trey ripped the tape off Mary's mouth and she yelped a bit. "Be quiet now honey. Got it?" She whispered "yes". "Good. Now make us some eggs or something" he ordered. She got the eggs from the fridge and, as if she was making breakfast for friends, she asked "You want toast too?" Willie chuckled and said "Sure hon. Ain't she sweet Trey?" Trey shook his head as he watched her move. She bent over to get a pan from the cabinet and he saw her nice ass exposed. 

Trey started to rub his cock through his pants as he looked at the attractive woman. "You look good woman. How old are you?" Mary said, "I'm 35. Why?" Trey got angry and loudly said "It was a compliment you stupid cunt!". Mary looked at his angry face and quickly tried to apologize.
"I'm so sorry. Please don't do anything. I don't want anything to go wrong here". Trey cracked a wide smile and looked at Willie. "Damn! White boy got his woman trained pretty good, don't he?" "Sure do" Willie replied as Eric sat helpless next to him. 

"You want me happy, bitch?" Trey said. Mary hesitated a second and said "Of course". "OK then.Get your pretty undies off so I can see what a 35 year old bitch looks like" he told her as he leaned back in his chair, pulled his cock out, and began to rub it vigorously. Mary saw where this was going. "Please don't do this. If you want the bus, take it! Let me make your food" she said, her voice cracking. Willie grabbed the back of Eric's head and slammed it down on the table, smashing his nose and knocking him silly.

He pulled him back to a sitting position and Eric's head hung down, blood pouring from his smashed nose. "Stop! Please!" Mary yelled as she quickly pulled off her teddy without hesitation.
Her boobs jiggled and Trey just pointed at her crotch. "Those too". She slipped off her panties and stood exposed before the strangers. "You coulda done that first and your man wouldn't be fucked up now, stupid" Trey told her. 

Willie was excited now and he got up and whispered something in his partner's ear. "Go ahead man. I got this covered" Trey said, and Willie went upstairs. "Why is he going up there? Don't touch my babies goddamnit!" Mary screamed. "You better shut the fuck up cunt!" Trey yelled back. "Now fuck the cooking and get over here" he ordered her as he pushed his chair out, still stroking his cock, which was nearly fully hard now.

Mary slowly moved towards him. Looking at the stairs she said "Please don't hurt my children. I'll do what you want". "You sure will bitch. Now start sucking a real cock" he commanded, as he pulled her by the hand down to her knees. She put her hand around his fat dick and there was still half of it uncovered. Her eyes got a little wide and Trey saw it. "That's right bitch. That's nine inches of nigger cock. Old Trey gonna go to places hubby never could reach" he said and had a good laugh. Mary started sucking, trying not to cry.&nbsp;&nbsp; 

Trey enjoyed her mouth for a few minutes and then wanted to hurt her with his cock. He grabbed her hair and pulled her off his prick. He got up and she watched as he dropped his pants and she saw his long hard prick ready to do her. Trey brushed his arm across the kitchen table, clearing it. He lifted Mary at the hips and sat her on the edge. Then he just pushed her down onto her back and he leaned over and started kissing and licking her face and tits. She could see her poor husband in his chair, still dazed, and not even realizing she was going to be raped.

Trey stood up straight in front of Mary and mauled her tits a bit. Then he grabbed his rock hard prick and started slapping her pussy with it. She winced whenever it hit her clit as it wasn't pleasant and stung her. Trey bent down and opened her pussy lips and spit in her a few times. Then he wet his fingers and stroked his cock. He started jabbing at her pussy with the head of his cock. She had her eyes closed tight and he yelled "You look at a man when he fucks you bitch!". As soon as she opened them, Trey slammed all the way into her. She grunted loudly and cried out. He pulled out until just the head was still in her and then pushed as hard as he could back into her. Her tits rolled around on her chest and the table squeaked as he tried to hurt her. Again and again he jammed into her snatch. Trey taunted her, "How's that bitch? You know I'm better than that sack of shit hubby you got". Mary just laid there trying not to show him he was in fact hurting her.

"You ain't half bad, cunt" he said as he stopped pulling out al the way and started to quick fuck her. Her legs were on his shoulders and he was covered in sweat. He pounded away and grabbed her nipples and began to twist and pull on them violently. She tried to slap his hands away which just amused him. He felt himself about to come and squeezed both nipples as hard as he possibly could, and Mary shrieked in pain as his load was dumped deep in her. With a lot of pleasure Trey felt all the spasms in his cock as his cum found its mark. "Ohh fuck me man! You are one fine fuck lady. Willie's gonna want some of this too". Mary began to sob and rub her sore tits that Trey finally released. She just lay on the table with her legs hanging off the edge. A big glob of sperm plopped out of her and dripped down the table edge and fell to the floor. Trey just sat back in his chair and enjoyed the feeling.

A few minutes later there were some noises by the stairs. Down the stairs came a half-dressed Willie, carrying his pants, with his semi hard cock hanging out. Thirteen year old Tammy Miller was being held by the arm and crying loudly. She was nude and there were streaks of liquid at her crotch and down both thighs. "This cute little bitch was cherry man. I popped her good" Willie yelled out to Trey. Mary saw her daughter and screamed "You bastard!" and raised herself up and jumped off the table. She tried to run to Tammy but was tripped by Trey, and landed on her face. "Mommy! Did they hurt you too mommy?" Tammy got out between sobs. 

Trey hopped up and grabbed Mary's hair and roughly pulled her to her feet. He looked over Tammy. She was a slim teen, with milky skin and little a cups topped with big, puffy, pink nips. Her hair was long and flowing but matted and stringy with sweat now. "Are you ok baby?" Mary cried out, already knowing what happened to her child. Willie let Tammy loose and she ran to her mom, and they held each other and cried as Willie and Trey slapped high fives and told each other about their conquests. 

Trey told Willie to take Mary for a ride. Willie roughly grabbed Mary by her arm and, as she fought him, he slapped her hard across the face, stunning her. Tammy tried to run for the door, but Trey got her and picked her up like a doll. Both females were taken to the couch and told to kneel down on the cushions and lean over the back of the couch. Mary held her daughters hand. "It'll be ok baby. I'm here. Just do what they want and it will be over soon".&nbsp; 

The two attackers stripped down and stood behind the couch. They stuck their cock in one victims mouth and then switched, back and forth, until they were hard again. They then moved behind the females and Trey said "Wait a sec man", and he walked into the kitchen, his hard cock bobbing up and down with each step. He looked through cabinets until he found what he wanted. He came back and showed Willie the bottle of oil he had. " Gonna get me some teen ass man. Need me some lube". Willie nodded and smiled "Good idea bro". Trey rubbed Tammy's smooth ass and pushed one finger in her asshole. She squirmed and grunted a bit. He flipped open the squirt top of the bottle and pushed and twisted it slowly against her asshole until it was in just a bit. Then he squeezed the bottle hard. Tammy whispered to her mom "It feels funny mom". Mary squeezed her child's hand hard and told her "Try to relax Tam. It will be easier then". 

Trey squeezed one last spurt against Tammy's pussy and handed the bottle off to Willie. Trey shoved his cock into Tammy's snatch and she squealed. He started slow fucking her as Willie was emptying the bottle into Mary's ass. Willie tossed the empty bottle aside and laughed as he heard little farts from her ass and bubbles and oil dribbled out.Trey was balls deep into Tammy and laying over her, pulling on her little tits as if she was a cow being milked. 

Willie enjoyed hearing the little grunts and squeals from the teen as he lined up behind her mother. He slammed home in one stroke and Mary let out a loud "OWWWwwww! Oh my God!!!" Willie looked at the oil that got forced out of her when he rammed in, and now coated his cock. He grabbed her hair and yanked her head back so hard she was afraid he'd snap her neck. He began to ride her ass like a bronco. Trey pulled out of Tammy and she relaxed a bit, thinking it was done. Her head turned around quickly when she felt his thumbs in her ass, pulling outward and spreading her open. He pushed his cock head into her and let her anus clamp down around it. Little pushes got him a few inches in and Tammy was feeling pressure and pain. Her mom's body was being bounced around and Mary's face was showing her own pain. 

Trey slowly slid down Tammy's slippery hole until his balls rested against her. "Mommy! It hurts! Please make him stop!", she cried with no relief coming. Trey slowly fucked this latest prize as Willie started ramming Mary's ass as hard as he could until he let out a roar and flooded her ass with cum. He pulled her sideways down onto the couch, his cock still in her. "Watch your girl get fucked mommy" he sarcastically said. Mary saw Tammy's eyes scrunched tightly shut and her lips trembling as she endured a large cock up her recently virgin ass. Mary cried openly as she saw Tammy jerked forward with each heavy thrust. It seemed like an hour before Trey finally tensed up and unloaded into Tammy's butt. He pulled out and was standing behind her when she released her bowels and shit and oil and cum shot all over Trey and the immediate area. Willie laughed loud and long. Even Trey wasn't too mad. "Maybe I broke something, huh?" I'm going up to wash off. You handle stuff here." Willie nodded ok.

Trey got cleaned up and ransacked the upstairs and took what valuables he found. He came back down and found Mary and Tammy, still nude, and taped to kitchen chairs. Eric was sprawled on the floor, unconscious. "I got daddy to make the call. They think everything's ok with the bus" Willie said. Trey looked at the clock. "Good timing. We finish here and it's off to the picnic" he said with a laugh. They took out their guns and the two females started trembling. "Please don't kill us! We won't tell anyone. My little girl is only 13! Please!" Mary yelled. "How old was your son?" Trey asked. Mary repeated "was" and it hit her. "Why? Why?" she yelled. Tammy pissed herself. "Damn! The kid's a real slob huh?" Trey said, laughing loudly.

"Which one you want?" Trey asked Willie. "I'll do mom. Bigger tits. I like that". "OK, no prob" Trey replied. Mary saw no hope and pleaded with them. "Please make it quick. Will you do that for us? Please?" The two heartless men looked at each other and looked back at Mary. "Too bad but we like to take time hon" Trey said. Mary and Tammy each heard a "Pwhttt" sound and an instant later felt agony. The silenced shots hit Mary in the shoulder and Tammy in her stomach. She began to cough and bright red blood came out. "Ohhh cool. Gut shot bro" Willie said. "She can last for hours." "We ain't got hours. Too bad man" Trey said as another shot caught Tammy in her chest. She looked down at her body and saw a tiny hole between her tits, with blood dribbling out. She felt like it was an out of body experience, and she was looking at some other girl. Tammy turned to look at her mom with wide eyes and tried to speak but only blood poured out and she died with an awful gurgling sound. Willie aimed at Mary and said "Oh wait. Before you go" and he turned and put two bullets into Eric's head. Then he and Trey emptied their remaining shots into Mary's body, and she jerked with each hit as the force of the shots toppled her backwards to the floor, where she laid lifeless. 

Trey quickly put on his bus driver uniform as Willie took the loot to the car. Trey came out and he checked out his new ride. "This is a nice machine bro" he told Willie. "Gonna get us some heavy change for it." "OK man. I'm gonna go get the cunts. You call Reggie and tell him it's all cool so far". Willie got on his cell and drove off as Trey revved up the big bus and left.&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; PART TWO

Reggie made all his calls and had everything planned out for the abductions. He and five other gang bangers got in a stolen van and drove to the pre-planned spot a block from the pickup to wait for Trey. Meanwhile, the unsuspecting victims were gathering at the pickup spot. A lot of pretty white girls and moms and dads were anxiously waiting for their ride. All dressed for a day at the beach with a picnic lunch. Reggie watched them with binoculars and commented on who he could see. "Looks like a few young ones. Call Pedro and tell him to get to our place. We'll have some toys for him". One man started dialing his cell. "Lot of pretty things boys" Reggie continued. "Here comes a fat broad. No, wait, she's preg. Gonna have fun with that." Reggie noted the house she came out of.&nbsp; He looked at his watch and said "A few minutes and Trey will be here". 

Like Reggie said, a few minutes passed, and the bus passed by. Trey gave a little tap on the horn to show Reggie he saw the van. The big vehicle pulled up by the waiting victims. Trey put on his best act. "Hello. All ready for a fun day?" he said as he came down the steps. Some kids ran past him onto the bus. A dark haired lady yelled "Timmy! Donna! What did I tell you? Behave or we won't go". "That's ok ma'am" Trey said politely, "They just want to have fun. Let me take those for you", he said as he pointed at the cooler and knapsack at the woman's feet. Jenny said thanks and she and ger husband Scott boarded as Trey began to put everyone's stuff in the bins under the bus. 

Each victim boarded the bus and Trey was deciding which one he wanted to rape first. Seventeen victims were on the bus now. There were very nice comfortable seats, and a table in the back for playing cards or games. The people were all friends and neighbors. Trey spoke up, "I have a list with 20 names on it. Someone not coming?" Jenny told him "I just called Sheila. She's a minute away". Trey went out a stood at the door. In a bit a car drove up and parked. A tall redhead and her two daughters got out. They quickly got their stuff and hurried to the bus. Trey watched as their tits bounced and figured big boobs ran in the family. "Sorry we're late" Sheila apologized. "No problem ma'am" Trey told her. He took their stuff and they hopped on board. Trey thought to himself "You're gonna be a lot more sorry you showed up at all". He had a big grin on his face as he got back on and started up the bus.

He pulled away and drove out of the neighborhood, with Reggie following. The people weren't paying much attention as they were all talking and the younger kids played in the back. Trey headed for the planned spot. An office complex a few miles away. It was Saturday and the buildings and parking lot were empty. The few minutes it would take to do what was needed would not be seen by anyone. Trey pulled into the lot and went to the most remote and hidden area. He stopped and someone said "Where is this? Why are we stopping here?" The van pulled up alongside the bus and Reggie and the others quickly got out and on the bus. Trey pulled a gun and someone screamed. "Shut the fuck up! Any noise and I'll shoot your ass!" Parents held their kids and there was crying and fear as seven armed gang members swarmed the unfortunate group. "Do what you're told and no one dies" Reggie yelled. As his accomplices kept an eye on everyone Reggie went down the aisle and said "Everyone take out your wallets and purses and phones. All your jewelry. Take out your ID and hold it. Everything else goes in the bag." He had a large canvas sack that he held out at each seat with a victim. "Anyone holds back or tries using their phone dies instantly!" 

The terrified people quickly went thru their pockets and gave up what was asked. Then he told Trey to get the handcuffs and tape from his knapsack. Trey tossed cuffs and tape to the other men and each victim was cuffed to the bar on the seat and had their mouths covered with tape. Reggie looked at his watch and saw it took just a few minutes to control everything.&nbsp; He had all the window shades put down to keep anyone from signalling for help or anyone seeing inside. He told two of his men to take the cuffs off the pregnant lady. Barbara was scared to death as she was brought in front of Reggie. He ripped off the tape and she yelped a bit. "You live in the house where you all waited at right?" Barbara lied and said no. "Then how come I saw you wave goodbye to someone and come out of that house?" Reggie said angrily. Barb stammered a bit and he slapped her across the face. "One more time. You live there?" Barb rubbed her face and was crying. She just shook her head yes.&nbsp; Reggie told her to get her purse from the sack and she searched thru it and did so. Then he pushed her towards the door and two of his men took her out to the van and drove off. Reggie and the rest of his crew stayed on the bus and Trey drove away. 

Barbara was uncomfortable on the floor of the van and felt like she was going to puke. The two men sat beside her and stared. "Please don't hurt me or my baby" she pleaded. One man looked at her ID and said "Barbara Bartley. 5'4" green eyes 135 lbs." He looked at her and said "Little more than 135 now huh? Still look good though. Nice fat tits. They big all the time or just now?" Barb was too scared to think straight and said "I don't know". The one with her ID, Shawon, slapped the back of her head. "What cup you got when you ain't preg, bitch?" Barb understood and said "Uh, it's a c cup usually." "And now?" "It's a dd now". Shawon smiled at the other man who was named T. Just T. He asked her "Who's at your house now?" Barb asked "why". Shawon hit her in the head again. "You don't question anyone here bitch. Who's there!?". Barb told them her neighbor's daughter was watching her other kids. "How many? How old?" T asked. "Three. I have three other children. 15, 13 and 9. Please don't do anything to them". "Shawon yelled "Shut up. Now we're going back there and you're gonna go in the front door like normal and tell the baby sitter you forgot something. We'll be right behind you. Anything goes wrong and there will be a lot of your kids blood all over. Got it bitch?" She shook her head quickly and waited to get home.

The van pulled into the driveway. "Your keys work on the side door?" T asked. She said yes. "Good. Always like a helpful cunt" he told her. They looked around and saw the area was quiet so they exited the van and&nbsp; huddled around the door. Barb opened it and T looked inside. It opened into the kitchen and it was empty. He heard voices and a tv or radio in another room. They all got inside and T looked around the corner. He looked back and held up 4 fingers and mouthed "living room". He moved swiflty into the room and the baby sitter screamed. He held his gun on her and the rest of the men and Barb came in. "Mom!" What's going on?" The group had been watching tv. Shawon pushed Barb to the couch where her kids were. "It's ok kids. These men will be gone soon. Just stay calm", she told everyone. 

T took out his tape roll and tossed it to the driver, Marcus, who proceeded to tape the hands and legs of Barb and the kids. Shawon had moved over to the chair where the baby sitter Marcie was sitting. He sat on the arm of the chair and said "How old are you bitch. You're pretty". She was terrified as he pulled on the ribbon holding her hair in a ponytail, but softly answered 18. Her hair came free and he ran his fingers thru it all. "Now that looks better." "Marcus, why don't you stay here and T you go look for anything good and me and little missy here are going upstairs to try out Barb's bed". "Oh God no! Please don't!" she yelled as she tried to fight him off. He laughed and grabbed her arm and put his gun to her head. "Too much noise gets the baby sitter dead. Got it?" he told her. She quieted down and he walked her upstairs.

Shawon opened doors until he came to the master bedroom. He said to Marcie "You know you just have to enjoy it. Make any noise and you're dead and I"ll still fuck you. Got it?" She shook her head "yes" and stood trembling in front of him. He pushed her into the room and sat on the edge of the bed. "Take off your things. Slow. I want to enjoy it", he told her. Marcie grabbed her t-shirt and pulled it up and off. She stood there holding it, looking at Shawon. "Just toss it bitch. Geez, white broads are so stupid". She threw it off to the side. She undid the snap on her tight jeans and unzipped them. She saw Shawon had his cock out and was stroking himself. She just closed her eyes and pulled off her pants. Marcie kicked them away and straightened up. She reached behind and unhooked her bra. She let it fall and Shawon said "Nice tits hon. Come here". She took a few steps to the bed and he slapped each tit a few times and watched them jiggle. "Panties now babe" he told her as he took one nipple in his mouth and began to suck it. Marcie slipped the lacy thong down and let it fall. She was going to remove her sneakers but he told her not to. "I like that white socks and shoes look" Shawon said. "Now undress me". She bent over and pulled off his pants and saw how large his cock was. He had a huge grin on his face as he told her "And that ain't even all hard yet. Don't worry, you'll be riding it soon". She was holding back tears as she pulled his shirt off and saw a mucular, ripped body. 

He moved himself back onto his back on the bed and told her to give him head. She kneeled between his leags and started sucking. He looked at her and liked the way her long curly hair framed her pretty face, and how her tits swayed just that little bit as she moved. She worked his cock for a few minutes until it was hard and ready. "Get on top babe. You get to do all the work" Shawon ordered. Marcie moved over his body and straddled him. She held his cock with one hand and rubbed it against her slit. She took her other hand and spread her pussy lips. She lowered herself onto his fat cockhead and moved an inch or two up and down trying to accomodate it. "Not used to a real cock huh, bitch?" he said with a little laugh. As she kept trying to open herself he saw a diamond ring on her finger. "Married?" "No. Engaged". "How big is the little white wimp?" Shawon asked. "Maybe six inches. I don't know", Marcie answered. "Well you gotta get all my nine in there. And if it hurts, too bad. If I get on top you won't like it". She looked down at him and wet her fingers and rubbed herself and his cock. He laid there enjoying every second. She got the head in and started to move up and down, letting a little more in each time. Marcie was puffing air past her clenched teeth with every downward motion. She sounded like she was in a race and breathing hard.&nbsp; 

She finally got him in and sat there feeling his fullness in her. Marcie began to ride his cock slowly. As she did, the door opened and T came in and said "Breaking in a new white bitch! My man! Wait a sec". Marcie sat down on Shawon's cock as he told her to stop. T opened a pillow case of stuff he had already found in the house. Out came a camcorder. "Let me get this on tape man. You know we can sell this shit for good money". As he fiddled with the camera, he told Marcie, "You're gonna act now bitch. Just keep saying how much you want a black cock. Fuck me harder. Shit like that. Got it?" She said yes and wondered how much longer she was going to be abused. T turned on the camera and started filming. 

Shawon grabbed Marcie's hips and began to lift her up and down. Her tits bounced and her hair flopped around. "Give me that black cock. I want it so much" she yelled, trying to sound sincere. T moved around getting different angles. Shawon was really slamming her down onto his cock now. She grunted in pain each time. He stopped and had her get on her hands and knees at the foot of the bed. Then he pushed back into her doggy style. "Make sure you get all that fine dick as it goes in", he told T, and they laughed and high-fived each other. T leaned in close and filmed it for a few strokes. Then he sat on the bed near Marcie's head and got her face in close-up. She was grimacing in pain and all sweaty and tired. "You ever had a fuck like this one girl?" T asked her. She remembered what she was told before and answered, out of breath, "No way. His black cock is so fine. He's really filling me". Shawon sped up a bit, grabbed her tits hard, and with a loud growling noise, emptied himself into her pussy. He enjoyed the pleasure as his cock spasmed a number of times, sending his seed home. "Get me pulling out bro", he said. T scrambled off the bed and readied the shot. Shawon slowly pulled back from Marcie, his cock all slimy and shiny with juices. He came all the way out and his still semi-hard cock dropped and bobbed in front of him. He motioned to T to film her snatch. He did and Shawon pulled her lips open so his cum could be seen running out. "Chalk up one more white bitch who only takes it black now", he said. 

Marcie slowly let herself down onto the bed and curled up in a ball, softly crying. "Fuck me! That was a good workout man!" Shawon told T. "You want some? I'll film it". T quickly dropped his pants. He was already hard and told Marcie to lay on her stomach. She did and he put the pillows under her so he could butt fuck her easier. Shawon filmed as T pushed his large cock into her loosened pussy. He pumped a few times to get it slick. Then he pushed a finger into her ass and it wasn't easy. "Bitch gonna yell bro" he said as he gave a big smile for the camera. He held his cock at her asshole and began to push. "Owww!! It hurts! Stop. Please!" she screamed at him as he popped his dick past her sphincter. T punched her in the back of her head and told her to shut up. Putting his weight behind it, he started moving into her ass. She cried loudly and pounded her fists on the bed. T grabbed her shapely ass cheeks and pulled them painfully apart as far as he could. He slipped into her all the way and felt the tightness and heat of her ass. She was shaking and really bawling now. T had gotten worked up watching his friend rape her and didn't need much time. He slammed her a few times and let loose with his cum. He stayed in her for a few seconds and enjoyed feeling her shake under him. T pulled out finally and told Shawon to make sure he got a shot of her asshole staying open. "White girls stretch real good" T said as he slapped Marcie hard on her butt. She yelped and just laid there. A large wet spot that formed from the cum in her pussy running out, was getting bigger as T's cum ran down her butt crack to join it.

The two men got dressed and Shawon grabbed Marcie's arm. She started yelling "No more! Please!" He shook her and said "We're just going downstairs ya dumb cunt. Shut up!" As they came down they heard crying and saw the kids scared stiff and sitting on the couch watching their mom being fucked by Marcus. He had untaped her and flipped her sundress up over her body, as she knelt in front of the couch so he could screw her. Her bra and panties had been tossed on the floor. He turned to look and without missing a stroke said "Your bitch looks good and fucked. I got tired of waiting and I do like a preggie to screw and she just couldn't say no". They men all laughed and T sat in the easy chair and&nbsp; Shawon sat on another couch with Marcie. As he watched Barb get raped, he put his fingers in Marcie's cunt and then made her lick off the juices he pulled them from her. Marcus pumped Barb's pussy and then switched to her ass as he had been doing all along. He banged her ass a bit and pulled out. He grabbed her hair and pulled her head back towards him as he stroked himself. He ordered her to open up and she did. With a long, satisfied moan he dropped his heavy load into her mouth and some shot on her face. When he finished, he told her "Swallow bitch! Don't insult me". Barb scrunched up her face and forced herself to take the awful liquid dowm. Then she sat there breathing heavily and holding her stomach, praying her baby was all right. 

"While you were up there having fun, I was working" Marcus said as he pulled his pants on. "Looks like it bro. Really", T said back to him. "Fuck you" Marcus said sarcastically. He went to the kids and said, "I found out this is Johhny. And he's nine. One more for Pedro. This is Jodi, who's 15 and Bree who's 13. Jodi already had a dick in her but Bree is cherry." "You checked them yourself?" asked Shawon. "The finger test don't lie man. Look". Marcus pushed Jodi's legs apart. The other men didn't even realize that her and her sister had no pants on from the way they were sitting on the couch, all curled up. Jodi's pussy was spread wide and he put one, then two, then three fingers in her. "See?" But when he went to Bree all he had to do was slowly push his index finger in and when he hit her cherry she winced a bit. He opened her up and you could see her hymen. "All right. A good day so far boys" Shawon said. He pulled out his cell and called Reggie.

Reggie answered his phone. Shawon heard lots of yelling and noise. He spoke loudly into his phone. "You killing them already man? Goddamn noisy." Reg replied "No, not yet. But we are fucking with them. What you got at your end?" "The preggie has two girls 13 and 15. One's cherry and a boy that's nine. And the 18 year old babysitter who was a pretty decent fuck. What you want me to do here?" "Do the usual" Reg told him." See if you can get them to give you anyone else. Cut them or whatever to get them to cooperate. Bring the kids and don't pop the cherry. Bring the preg one too. Lots of cash for a white baby. We can off her here for fun after she pops it out". "You got it man. I'll see what I can do here and then we'll meet up with you later."&nbsp; 

Shawon went to the couch and grabbed Johnny by the arm and yanked him up. "Now we play a game" he said to Barb. "You tell me where there's some more pussy or lots of money and I don't kill baby boy here". He pulled out his knife and held it to the kid's throat. "Quick now mommy. We can't stay here all day". Barb was frantic to save Johnny. "Will you let us go if I do?" she asked timidly. Shawon could hardly answer without laughing. "Sure. We had our fun here. We just want to play some more with new broads". Barb looked around at her kids and Marcie and said "God help me but I'll tell you. My girlfriend lives a few blocks over. She has lots of nice stuff to steal". "Any kids?" he asked. "Yes. But I don't even know if they're home or not" Barb said. "Then you call her and see". He gave Barb his phone and told her "You tell this broad whatever you have to to get us over there. Got it? Anything that even sounds like code and Johnny goes bye-bye. Right?" Barb shook her head quickly. "I understand". She dialed her friend feeling like shit but desperate for any hope of living thru the day. T pushed Marcie's head onto his cock and played with her pussy as he waited. 

"Hi Louise, it's Barb. I was wondering if I can come over with the kids and use your pool. OK great. Thanks a lot. Be over in a bit."&nbsp; She hung up and Shawon said "Good little mama. How many people are there?" "Oh she didn't say. Just that there were people in the pool already". "All right. Good enough. Find out when we get there", Shawon said. He looked at his men and told them he had to make a call and they would be in Barb's house for another 20 minutes or so. He got on his cell and T and Marcus looked at each other. "What do you wanna do for the next 20 minutes bro?" Marcus asked. T pulled Marcie's head off his now hard cock and said "I gotta put this monster someplace man. I call the cherry's ass". Marcus grinned and said "Fair enough. I"ll see how big sis rides a big dick". T left Marcie in the chair and motioned to Shawon to keep an eye on her.&nbsp; 

T went to the couch and pulled Bree up. Barb started screaming and grabbing at T so he backhanded her across the face and she twisted and dropped to the floor. Marcie quickly went to her aid. "That's good" T said, "You and her stay right there and watch". T looked at Johnny and barked "Get down there with them shithead". Johnny slowly slid off the couch and lay next to his mom, holding on to her. Bree was crying loudly and trying to cover her bare pussy from view. Marcus was sitting next to Jodi and was kissing her and playing with her pussy. She was trying to fight him off which just made him hornier. Shawon was done with his call and had the camcorder to film all the fun.

Marcus pulled off Jodi's top and mauled her tits thru her bra. "You take it off for me bitch" he told her. With shaky hands she unhooked it and let it fall off. "Nice titties girl. Taking after mom" he said, looking at her full c cups with big puffy nips. He started biting and sucking on them as Jodi cried loudly. Bree screamed as T ripped her top off over her head. "What the fuck you wearing a bra for?" he said. She had no tits at all but her mom had bought the training bra for her little girl. "I ain't gonna have nothing to hold on to when I'm up your ass", T said loudly as he pulled the flimsy bra off little Bree. He pushed her head down to his crotch and told her to start sucking. She never did anything sexual but masturbate. She opened her mouth and took the smelly cock into it. T grabbed her head and started to fuck her face. She felt her mouth fill with his large dick. She began to drool around it and his dick and balls got soaked. He looked at the camera and said "What's better than a young white cunt sucking your cock?" Marcus replied "A white cunt with my black cock in it". He was done playing with Jodi and stretched her out on the floor next to the others. He fingered her cunt as he had Marcie get his dick wet. Dropping between her legs he told her to spread them wide, which she did. He pressed his cockhead into her hole and slammed all the way in at once. She started to screech but he slapped a hand over her mouth. He bottomed out in her and she screamed and grunted thru his fingers. Marcus slammed into her over and over. Biting her tits and calling her "cunt" and "bitch", he treated her as roughly as he could. Barb was crying loudly for her poor daughters.

As Jodi was violently raped, Bree was going to feel a cock in her for the first time. T was more gentle with her. He had her on his lap, kissing her and pushing a finger in her ass. "Look at your sis. I'm gonna do that to your ass in a minute. You scared?" She whispered "yes" as her body shook slightly. "Good" he said laughing. He turned her and bent her over the arm of the couch with her pert ass sticking up invitingly. He spread her cheeks and spit in her asshole, rubbing it in and around. Spitting on his hand he slicked up his stiff dick. Kneeling behind Bree, T held his cock at her asshole with one hand and pulled back on her shoulder with the other. She moaned loudly as he entered her tiny opening. Shawon got close with the camera and told T to go for it. T started to push with short quick strokes. Bree was breathing hard and loud as he got halfway home. He stopped moving and grabbed her little nips and began to yank on them causing her to scream in pain. "No titties hon. Gotta play with something" T told her as he began to push into her ass again. 

T got himself all the way in and looked at his cock spreading her asshole open. Bree was moaning and crying. "It hurts!! Please take it out. It burns!!" "No shit. What a dumb cunt" T said as he began to move his cock in and out, enjoying how it grabbed her opening and pulled it outwards and then squeezed it back in with each stroke. He looked over at Marcus when he heard him yell "Motherfucker". Marcus was dumping a load into Jodi's cunt. He was shaking and smiling as he felt each spurt of cum leave his cock. He finished and collapsed on her as she cried. His cock stayed in her until it softened and fell out. She felt his cum dripping out. Marcus kissed both her tits and and told her she was good as he got up to plop into a chair to relax. Jodi curled up into a ball and cried. Her mom tried to comfort her as she still had one daughter being raped. 

Bree had all of T's cock deep in her ass. Tears ran down her face as she grunted in pain. T grabbed her around her stomach and pulled her onto him so he could power fuck her. Moving his hips as quickly as possible, he banged her ass and she began to bleed. Her head flopped around as she cried out "Mommy!!" over and over to no avail. T finally tired and slowed down as he felt the cum build up. He pulled out and grabbed her hair, twisted her around and held her face down at his cock. Thick globs of cum streaked onto Bree's face as T enjoyed his orgasm. He finally finished and pushed his slimy cock into her mouth. "Clean me up cunt" Bree heard and she began to lick at his softening organ. Her asshole dripped blood and she was in a great deal of pain. "Got it on tape man. Looked good too", Shawon said.

The captives huddled together on the floor as the gang cleaned up and waited for other members to arrive. In a few minuted they did. A knock at the side door sent Shawon to it. He let in five new bangers. He whispered a few things to the leader and they went to the living room. "We're taking the kids and this one, pointing to Marcie, with us. You gotta go with mom here to a new place and see what's there for us." Barb started to yell "You said we'd go free if I told!" "And you will bitch. As soon as Tiny here calls me from the other house and says it's all good, I'll dump this bunch off someplace. Now straighten out your pretty dress and go with Tiny" Shawon yelled back.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; PART FOUR

Tiny was a huge, fat, bald guy that weighed at least 400 pounds. Shawon let Bree, Jodi and Marcie put on their tshirts, but no pants. They all went out the side door and into the van. In a minute, it left the house to go back to gang's place. Barb had her sundress on and Tiny lifted it up and took a look at her body. "Damn! Almost as fat as me" he roared and the other men all laughed. He slapped one of her tits and it rolled back and forth across her chest. Barb was crying. Partly out of fear for her children and partly because she had given up her friend to save herself. "C'mon guys. We got a pool party to crash" Tiny announced and one man went out and moved the van close to the door and they all got in. One man drove and Barb was in the front passenger seat giving directions. Tiny was behind her with his hands around her tits, giving them a good mauling. They drove to a nice neighborhood and Barb pointed out the house. "Couldn't have picked it better myself" Tiny said. It was set back from the street with a long driveway and lots of trees and foliage. 

The van moved down to the home and Barb pointed out the big garage. The van was parked and Tiny sent out one man with Barb to see if it was good to go. The man had Barb tell him the house layout and they headed for the side porch. He could hear voices and water splashing as they got closer. The porch door was open and he pushed Barb in front of him to the house door. He peeked inside and saw an empty kitchen. He turned the doorknob and it opened, and they both went in. Holding Barb tightly, he looked around the corner and could see out thru the living room windows, the pool area. It seemed like everyone was outside so he quickly pulled Barb back to the porch and signalled the rest of the men. They all rushed up and entered the kitchen.

Tiny told one of the men to go upstairs and make sure no one was up there and to start looking for loot. Tiny held onto Barb as they went closer to the back windows. He peeked out and saw a number of poeple enjoying a big in-ground pool. Tiny counted and told his men "Looks like we got a mom and five kids. Spread out and stay hid". He told Barb "Stay here and yell hello to your friend and get her in here. And I know what you're thinking cunt. You're gonna warn them all." He showed Barb his gun. "This is a silencer and I can take out you and the rest of those fools in seconds. So stay healthy and get her in here." Barb shook her head and opened the door a bit and yelled out "Hey Louise! I'm here. Come inside OK?" 

Her friend got off the lounge chair and happily went to greet her friend. "Barb!" she yelled as she hugged her tight. "My God, you're so big" she said when she saw the fear in Barb's face. "Wha..." and before Louise could say another word, Tiny's big black hand covered her mouth and his gun pressed against her head. Her eyes went as wide as possible as she stared at Barb. "This is how it works hon. You do what we say and you live. If not, you can guess what happens then. Got it?" Tiny asked Louise. She shook her head yes. They heard a commotion from upstairs. "Who's up there?" Tiny said. "My daughter is taking a shower" Louise said excitedly. "Then Tariq will handle it" Tiny replied as he looked over Louise. She was wearing a two piece bathing suit with a light skirt around her waist. She was 38 and in pretty good shape. Nice sized natural tits and just a bit of a tummy. 

Tiny reached out and yanked Barb's sundress off her body, and she quickly tried to cover herself with her hands. "It's rude to have a naked guest while you're still dressed" he told Louise. "Strip". She heard Barb whisper "Just do it Lou. Please. It will be ok". Louise reached behind and undid the top and let it drop. They heard more commotion from upstairs. "Hurry up" Tiny yelled and poked her in the stomach with his gun, and she hurriedly stepped out of the skirt and bikini bottom.&nbsp; She had a trimmed patch of pubes. "I like that. Look like a woman and not a little kid" Tiny told her. He called over RJ and whispered something to him, which made RJ smile and he grabbed Louise and pushed her in front of him as they went upstairs. RJ kept slapping her ass and pinching it. A they neared a bedroom, they heard muffled yells and a lot of grunting.

RJ shoved Louise into the room and she stopped in horror. Her 15 year old daughter, Lana, was face down on her bed with Tariq's cock slamming into her pussy. He was pushing her face into her bed to keep her screams muffled. RJ and Louise sat on the end of the bed to watch and he began to kiss and fondle the mother's tits and pussy. "Hey man. Great times huh?" Tariq said to his pal. "She was all clean and wet from her shower. Nice little fuck. No cherry though. Slut!" he said and he and RJ had a good laugh. Tariq stopped fucking Lana and asked RJ if he wanted to see her eat out her mom. "Each other man! Each other!" RJ said loudly. RJ pushed Louise onto her back and Tariq grabbed Lana by her hair, his big cock still hard and sticking straight out, and shoved her face onto it. She began to gag and he let her go. She sat there coughing and Tariq said "Eat out your moms. And make it good." 

Lana was crying as she laid her body over her mom. RJ was nude now and stroking himself. Lana stuck her tongue out and barely touched her mom. Louise knew she had to please these animals to have any chance and she opened her little girl's pussy and started licking her hard. Tariq was giggling and said "Holy shit man! Look at mom go. Like a real lez!" RJ pushed Lana's head down onto her mom's pussy and told her to do it right. She started licking around and poked her tongue inside Louise's twat. Tariq straddled Louise's head, wet his middle finger, and started pushing it into Lana's asshole. She reacted by trying to pull her hips forward. She got slapped hard on her ass. "Stay still cunt" Tariq commanded, and she did. He pushed it in and out for a while. "Tight and white! Best kind of ass there is man!" he said as he lined up his cock.

Tariq pulled her ass cheeks apart and pushed in. He spit in his hand and rubbed it onto his cock. Slowly he entered her and she was moaning and saying no,no. RJ pushed Lana's face away from her mom's crotch, put her legs on his shoulders, and shoved his now hard cock deep into mom's pussy with one thrust. Louise let out a scream that was lost in her daughter's pussy. They banged their victims hard and fast. Tariq was in heaven as Lana's tight asshole gripped him. RJ began to moan loudly and gave a few more quick jabs into mom and then pulled out and jerked himself onto Lana's face and hair. Tariq continued another few minutes as Lana cried and groaned. Her ass was bleeding a bit and it hurt her something fierce. He finally pulled out and dropped his load onto Louise's face and chest. They laid there exhausted and congratulated each other on their conquest.

Meanwhile, downstairs, Tiny had Barb tell him who the rest of the people were in the pool. Tiny had all day so he just looked at the kids having fun and deciding what to do to each one. He told Madman "Go up there and get those two horny fucks down here. And the broads." Madman went up and found RJ and Tariq double fucking Lana as she ate out her mom's ass. "Tiny wants all of you downstairs. Hurry up." RJ pulled out and told his pal "Let's go down and get new meat. We can have these two whenever man". Tariq pumped Lana's ass a few more times and pulled out. He slapped her hard on her butt and told her and her mom to get up. The men grabbed their clothes and followed the naked women and Madman downstairs.&nbsp;&nbsp; 

Tiny saw them and had the women sit with Barb and he embraced RJ and Tariq. "Did my boys make me proud today?" he asked them. "Fucked them both in all their holes pop" Tariq told him. "All right! First step for joining the gang. Which one you like best? Young poon, right?" RJ said "She was the tightest and cried the best but the old lady wasn't bad neither". Tiny looked over at Lana and said "How old are you hon?" She quietly answered "15". Tiny laughed loudly and said "So you like younger men then. My RJ is 13 and Tariq is 14. Thanks for breaking them in". "Now let's get started with the rest of our little group" he announced, as he looked out the window.





 



&nbsp; 



 











&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; THE WRONG BUS 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; by RED DOGGIE 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; PART FOUR

WARNING!!! This is a foul, racist, nasty, and unredeeming story of death and torture. If you don't like that sort of tale then do everyone a favor and don't read it in the first place, so you won't be tempted to write outraged messages of disgust. But if you do like this stuff and have praise or criticism of my writing style or how the story is going etc., I'd like to hear it.
















Last chance to watch a Disney flick!!!



Outside in the pool area five people were still enjoying their day, unaware of what was soon to happen to them. Louise's 17 year old daughter Lois and her 18 year old boyfriend Pete were side by side on lounge chairs, just talking and enjoying the sun. Her 13 year old son Ken was in the pool with family friends Meredith, 14 and Kimiko, 16. Tiny was watching them from the living room. His naked sons were on the couch with an equally nude Lana, feeling her up as they had her alternate between sucking each of them. Louise sat nude on a chair scared to death. Barb got up enough courage to once again say she was to be let go. 

Tiny said "That's right. You do get to go." He looked at Louise and said "You know she's the reason we're here right? She gave you to us so she could walk". Barb quickly spoke up "Forgive me Louise, but we were going to be killed! I had to give them someone to get away." Tiny told Louise "You get the same deal bitch. Trade your lives for someone else we can fuck with. If you do, we'll just mess with you all and take your shit but you stay breathing." Louise was slowly shaking her head back and forth mumbling "I can't do that. I can't make someone else go thru this." She looked at Tiny and pled with him "Can't you just leave? Please! Just take our stuff. I'll give you the bank accounts. Whatever you want! Please!" Tiny got mad and yelled at her "I want you to do what I tell you to do. you stupid cunt!" He motioned to his sons and Tariq quickly got up and grabbed Lana by her hair. He slammed her face into the couch cushion and with both hands pressed her head into the fabric. Her legs began to flail about as she suffocated. Louise screamed "Stop! Stop! I'll do it. Just let me think. Please." Tiny motioned again and Tariq let Lana go and she lifted her head up and gasped for air and coughed. 

Louise looked at Barb with hatred and said "She has a brother with a family you know. Go get them." Tiny asked where they lived and Barb said hundreds of miles away. "Too far bitch. Gotta be local. Try again." She wracked her brain trying to come up with someone. "Oh, I know, I know! You can go to where I used to work. It's a beauty salon. Always lots of women there and it's a cash business. I can get you in easy enough." "See how easy it is to trade somebody else for your own sorry ass? Now we can finish here and then you're free." Tiny told his sons to tie up Lana and Barb and leave them on the couch.

"Get your kids in here momma" Louise was ordered. She opened the door a crack and yelled "Lois! Get your brother and come in here a minute please. I need some help." Lois got up and called to Ken to come along. He told the two girls in the pool he'd be right back and climbed out. 
The kids went in their home and were quickly grabbed. Ken's eyes got really big as he saw his mom naked. Madman had Lois in his grip. He pulled on the laces of her bikin top and one side came loose. He did the other and it fell off. "Juggs like mom. Nice" he commented. She was a brunette with c cup boobs with small, dark areola and a distinct tan line. "Tits are white but the rest is nigger" Madman said and the others laughed. Ken couldn't help himself, as the sight of his naked relatives made his cock hard and it strained against his wet shorts. Tiny saw it and said "Looks like sonny is all ready to go. Which one you wanna fuck boy? Your moms or one of your sisters?" Ken got all red in the face. "Nobody. I don't wanna fuck nobody". 

Madman ripped Lois' bottoms off and told Ken "She's all shaved for you kid. Nice and fresh". He shoved her at the boy. "Get his shorts off and work his cock". Lois looked at Louise. "Mom? What the hell is going on?" "Just do what they want baby. I made a deal so we'll all be ok. I know it's awful but do whatever they tell you. Please!" Lois saw the fear in her mom's face and understood. She dropped down in front of Ken and wrestled his tight wet shorts down. His rock hard cock sprang straight out as the shorts passed it. Tiny called Louise over. "It's time to get the rest of them. Your kids will play in here for now. First, tell me about the bridal place. All the details." Louise gave Tiny all the info she could think of. He had her call the place and give them some story to get an appointment right away for one of the girls in his gang. 

Tiny called Reggie and told him to send Taniqua and another girl and five gang members to the salon. He gave him all the details and told him all was going well at his end. "Yeah man, I'm watching this skinny white boy get his cock sucked by his big sis. We're having a blast here man. Kill one at your end for me ok?" Tiny said. "Will do" Reggie replied. "Later man". Tiny grabbed Louise by the arm and said "Let's go outside. Madman, keep control in here with my boys." He looked at the remaining gang banger. "You ain't had no fun yet Corey. C'mon out and get your dick wet." "About damn time" Corey said as he moved to the door.

Pete was laying on the lounge chair when he squinted thru the bright sunlight to see a nude Louise with two big black men. "Mrs. Morgan! What's going on?" Pete said loudly as he averted his eyes from her body. The two girls in the pool stood frozen as they saw her too. Tiny pushed Louise down towards Pete. "Get his shorts off and suck him hard" she was ordered. She started to do it and Pete began to push her away and tried to get up. Tiny held his gun on Pete and tole him to let her do it. Pete slumped back down and let Louise get his shorts off. She began to suck him as Corey held his gun toward the two girls. He looked at one and asked "What's your name honey?". She was shivering from fear and being cold in the water. "Meredith, mister. What's going on?" "You'll find out honey. How old?" She said 14 and he smiled. "And you?" he asked the other one. "I'm Kimiko and I'm 16". "What are you, a Jap or a chink or what" Corey asked. "I'm Japanese." "Ok then, listen up you two. I want Kimiko to take off Meredith's top." The girls looked at each other and didn't move until they heard a whizzing sound in the water between them. "That was a bullet bitches. I got lots more and I won't be hitting water next time. Let's go" Corey said as he motioned to Kimiko to get over to Meredith. 

She went to her friend and fiddled with the straps of her bikini and soon had it in her hands. Meredith instinctively crossed her arms over her exposed tits. "Move 'em bitch" he told her as he waved his gun at her. She let her arms drop and Corey said "Why you hiding those honey. So nice and round and white and young". He was rubbing himself as he enjoyed his power over the helpless girls. They heard a loud moan from where Pete and Louise were. Louise had gotten on top and was slapping her pussy down on him hard as Tiny helped by pushing her down each stroke. "They're having fun kids. Now lets see Kimmies titties" Corey commanded. She was wearing a one piece suit as she was very modest and tried to hide her body. Meredith just pulled the shoulder straps down and rolled the material past her chest, exposing a pair of absolutely huge tits. "Holy shit!" Corey yelled. "I thought gooks didn't have no boobs." Tiny said "No man. I seen pornos with them and either they got no tits at all or they got giant motherfuckers like this one".&nbsp; 

Kimiko was crying and that made her big tits jiggle and Corey was getting harder by the second. He waved his gun at the two teens and told them "Just get naked. Now!" They both reached down and took off the rest of their bathing suits. "Just let them go girls" Corey said, and the garments floated away from the terrified kids. Just then, Pete groaned and shot his load into Louise. Tiny pulled her up and off Pete's cock. She was scared and totally embarrassed. Tiny took the two back into the house. As he did he asked Corey if he could handle the two he had. "Throw me some cuffs man. Then these two are mine." Tiny nodded and went inside.

He came out a few seconds later and tossed two pair of handcuffs to Corey. He cuffed one wrist of each girl to either side of the metal rails at the steps out of the pool. In the house, Louise and Pete were disgusted to see Ken pounding away at his sister's cunt. RJ was filming it all. Madman saw a long trail of cum leaking from Louise's snatch and Pete's soft cock all slimy. "Looks like these two had some fun huh?" "Hey pops! Can I have at the mom again?" Tariq asked Tiny. "Shit yeah son. Anytime!" he answered as he pushed her over to him. 

In the pool, Corey had stripped down and was standing between the two girls. He was sucking on Kimmie's nips and fingering Meredith's snatch. He pushed in her and asked if she was a virgin. She slowly shook her head "yes" and he smiled. He looked at Kimmie and she said no. "OK then. You first" Corey told them as he pushed Kimmie onto the stairs. He lined her up on one step with his cock and pushed in fast. She sucked in a lot of air and squealed in pain. "Never had a good sized cock I guess" he said to her. He put her legs over his shoulders and rammed hard and fast. Her tits flopped all over the place, splashing water around and Meredith watched it all with a horrified look on her face. "Owww, it husts so much mister! Please stop!" Kimmie yelled. "It does? I'm sorry hon" Corey said sarcastically as he pulled out of her pussy. She relaxed and thanked him. "Don't thank me yet bitch" she was told as Corey got out of the pool. He looked around and grabbed a bottle and jumped back in, getting the girls all wet. He grabbed Kimmie, turned her around and put her knees on a step, and her free arm he had Meredith hold. "You don't let that go, you hear me? Let it go and I'll shoot you." Meredith frantically said "I'll do it! Don't hurt me please mister". 

Corey took the bottle of suntan lotion he had gotten and poured it all over Kimmie's ass. He rubbed it around and pushed it into her asshole with his fingers. She started to try and move and he smacked her in the back of the head. He finished greasing her up and wiped his hands clean with her long black hair. He stood behind her and used both hands to open her ass up to him. His hard cock stood straight out from his crotch and he pushed it against her tiny opening. Corey got the cock head in and kept on going, pushing a little harder with each thrust. Kimmie was screaming and her cuffed wrist was bleeding as she kept yanking on it as if it would give way. Meredith was holding on with both hands to her other arm, scared of being shot herself. Corey got in balls deep and enjoyed the tight ass. Then he began to plow her butt. He wasn't gentle at all and she screamed louder and louder. "Goddamn noisy cunt!" Corey yelled and he grabbed her hair and pushed her head underwater. He was pounding away as Kimmie desperately tried to get her head up for air. Bubbles began to rise as she struggled and was losing the fight. Corey couldn't care less as he was reaching his climax. Another twenty or so seconds passed and Meredith noticed her friend's arm go limp and Corey felt his cock tighten as he let loose. "Motherfucker!" he screamed as his cum flooded the dead girl's ass. He collapsed on her limp body and Meredith dropped her friend's arm in terror and cried non-stop. 

When Corey came down from his great climax he pulled Kimmie's head from the water. Her mouth and eyes were wide open in death. "Bitch shoulda kept quiet" Corey said, not caring one bit. He got out and got the keys for the cuffs and unlocked both girls shackles. He pushed Kimiko's body and it floated slowly across the pool face down. He had Meredith follow him to the house. They entered to see Ken jerking off onto his sister's face after fucking her pussy and ass. Tiny asked Corey where the other girl was. "She stayed in the pool" he said with a big grin and Tiny gave him a high five. Corey told Tiny "This one's cherry. I saved her for you boss". He pushed Meredith to Tiny and he grabbed her naked body. She was a little thing, about 5'1" and 100 lbs with firm b cup tits topped with tiny nipples that were stiff from fear, and she had goose bumps all over her body. He started feeling her up. "Nice body girlie. I like breaking in the young ones." She had wide eyes as she looked up at him. He was a huge dark black man and she looked so tiny beside him. 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; PART FIVE

"Look over there girl" Tiny ordered, and he had her look at his son Tariq who had Louise bent over the back of the couch and was ramming her ass as she grunted in pain, and her big tits jiggled and slapped together. "That's what you're gonna learn to do now" he said to Meredith. She started to shake and cry. "Please! I want to go home! I don't want to do anything". "Too fucking bad bitch. You belong to us now" Tiny told her as he undressed. Ken was still kneeling over Lois, out of breath and still holding his soft cock, as she lay quietly, her face splattered with his cum. Tiny said "Boy! Get off her and just sit right there. And you" he said, pointing at Lois, "Get over here and lick this little ones' pussy". Lois slowly rose wiped the cum off her face and rubbed her hand on her thigh. She saw her mom being raped by a child and for an instant she thought about running, but was afraid she wouldn't make it. She dropped down in front of Meredith and began to lick at her snatch. The girl was shivering in fear and her legs were visibly moving back and forth very quickly. Between sobs she pled to be left alone. 

Tiny was nude now. He had a large enough cock but since he was so fat, his stomach hung down so far as to hide it. He told RJ to start filming the new action. "Get it all son. I'm gonna break this one." Tiny had Lois stop eating Meredith and start blowing him. She was disgusted as she smelled his odor as she got closer. He reeked as if he hadn't washed in weeks. She grabbed his dick and put it in her mouth and nearly gagged. She forced herself to jerk it as fast as she could and suck hard to try and end it as soon as possible. She held her breath and played with his balls. He grabbed her head and shoved her face into his crotch and she gagged. She pulled away quickly and couldn't help herself as she puked all over the rug. "Now that was a fucking insult bitch. I'll punish you later, but now I got me a new pussy!" Tiny bellowed. Meredith was slowly saying "No,no,no" as Tiny grabbed her up like a little doll and began to slobber all over her face and tits. 

A long groan of pleasure came from Tariq as he emptied his balls again into Louise's cunt. He held himself in her and reached around to maul her tits, as he felt his dick go soft. He slapped her on the ass as hard as he could and she yelped in pain. "She's a great old broad pop" he called out to Tiny. "Good for you son" he replied. "Now set yourselves on the couch and watch your old man do his thing". Tiny made Meredith lay on her back on the floor and got on his knees. He spread her legs wide and spit on his hand and wiped it on her cunt, spit again and rubbed his hard cock as well. His poor victim lay there, her hands over her face, crying, calling for her mom and frightened to death. Tiny tried to get himself on top of her but he was so big he almost crushed her, as she let out a rush of air and screamed in pain. Madman told him "Tiny, you know you can't fuck nothing that small like that. She gotta be on top man." Tiny shook his head and got his huge frame on his back next to Meredith. "Get on me girl" he ordered. She was so scared and literally shaking so much she couldn't control her legs as she tried to get up. Madman grabbed her and draped her across Tiny's lower stomach. It looked like she was riding a horse. "Grab my cock and put it in your pussy" he told her. 

She reached behind and found his cock, lifted herself up a bit and pushed it in her just a bit. She pushed back on it slowly and slid onto it, with a rocking motion. But when his cockhead hit her hymen, she squealed like a pig and pulled herself off it, begging to be let go. "Fuck this. Madman, help me out here" Tiny said. Madman lifted Meredith from under her shoulders and told Lois "Put his dick at her pussy and help it in" which she did. Madman began to slowly drop Meredith onto Tiny's cock, as Lois spread her pussy lips. As it reached her hyman again, Meredith screamed "Owwww, Owwwww! Oh God stop please. Not like this". Madman lifted her a bit and let her drop all the way down. Tiny enjoyed the intense pleasure and tightness after plunging thru her barrier. The little girl screamed and moaned as Madman held her in place. He looked down and said "She's a bleeder!" as a small drop of blood fell to the floor. Tiny told her to ride him until he said to stop. She cried and cried and tears ran down her face as she put her hands on his fat sweaty stomach and began to fuck him. It hurt so much and she wished she was dead instead. She moved up and down a good ten minutes before Tiny yelled "Here comes your baby bitch" and shot his load into her sore snatch. She felt his dick pulse with each spurt of cum.
He felt just great and told her to get off him. She just sort of slid off to the side and lay on the floor. She curled up in a tight fetal position and put her hands over her pussy and rocked back and forth, moaning and sniffling. Blood and cum trickled from her pussy and ran across her thigh to the rug.

The rest of the gang members relaxed as Madman began to roam thru the house collecting valuables. The victims were all put on the couch or the floor in front of it so they could be kept under watch. The black men were all nude and sitting around the family room, constantly eyeing the white females, who tried to avoid looking back at them. Meredith was the only one making any noise, as she softly cried, and Louise sat next to her, trying to console the shattered girl.
Madman came down from the second level with a bag full of stuff. "Found me some jewelry, a little cash and a cd player and shit. Two big ass tv's too. We can get them when we go" he told Tiny. He scoped out the downstairs next. There were some pictures on the coffee table. Madman looked at one and said "Looks like we're missing one family member here" as he showed Tiny the photo. "Right. I see mom and the three lovely kids and this must be dad, huh?" he asked Louise as he turned the photo in her direction. "Where is daddy today?" Louise didn't know what to do. Her silence was ended when a bullet slammed into the back of the couch no more than an
inch from her shoulder. Tiny said "You know, I wasn't really trying to miss". "You slobs better figure out you belong to us now. Piss us off and it won't be pretty. Where the fuck is daddy!?" he screamed.

"My husband went to help one of his friends with something at his house" Louise told Tiny. "When is he coming home?" he asked. "He didn't say how long he'd be. I really don't know. Really". "Ok bitch. I believe you. So call him and find out." Madman had Louise come over to the phone. "Don't be an asshole. Just say hi and find out when. That's all!" he ordered her. Corey stood by Ken and pushed his gun barrel against the boy's head. Louise saw that and shook her head "yes" and dialed. Madman pressed the speaker button. "Just to be sure cunt" he said as he grabbed her tit and squeezed. A few rings and her husband Ben answered. "Hi baby" she said. "Hi Lou. What's up?" "Just want to know when you'll be home honey". Madman was squeezing her tit really hard and she was having trouble trying to keep her voice even. The other gangers were laughing under their breath. "We're almost done now. Maybe an hour-hour and a half. Want anything?" Ben asked. Madman mouthed "pizzas" and Loise told Ben to pick up some pies on the way home. "Ok hon. Be home soon. Love ya".

Corey walked away from Ken and Madman slapped Louise's tit and told her to go sit down. Tiny said "I guess we'll have to wat for dinner. What will do till then?" he said with a huge grin. They put on some music and had some booze as they used the women randomly for blow jobs or just to feel them up. They made Ken and Pete 69 each other and laughed and made gay remarks as they did so. Lana and Barb had been tied up all this time so they released them so they could be abused too. Barb once again asked to be let go. This time Tiny had Madman go to her and punch her hard in the stomach. "I don't give a fuck for you or that brat in you. Shut up or next time I'll have him stab you instead of a punch" Tiny yelled at her, as she gasped for air and hoped her baby was unharmed. She fell back onto the couch and tried to catch her breath.

About a half hour later the phone rang. It was Meredith's mom. "Hi Louise. I'm on my way over to pick up Merry. About 15 minutes OK? Please have her ready to go. Thanks." "Looks like one more for the party boys" Tiny said. "Let's get her ready for mommy". Meredith was still laying on the floor curled up in a ball. Tariq went and grabbed her arm to pull her up. She was limp and let him lift her. Her head hung down, and her eyes were vacant. "Hey pop. There's something wrong with her". Tiny raised his big frame off the chair and went to his son. He grabbed her hair and raised her head. He shook her but she just stood there, only held up by Tariq. "We usually just break in their body, but this one was too young and her mind is probably fried" Tiny told his kid. "She's still fuckable though. Put her over the dining room table so her mom will see her as soon as she gets here. You and RJ can do her until then". Tariq dragged her over as RJ hurried to the dining room. 

Tariq pushed her onto her back and she just flopped down, her legs hanging off the table edge. Her eyes were open but she just stared at nothing, like she was comatose. Tariq shoved his already hard cock in her pussy and started banging her hard, making the table move and squeak. Meredith felt nothing now. Her little tits rolled around on her chest and her head moved side to side as she was raped anew.&nbsp; Tariq did her about five minutes and unloaded his cum in her swollem cunt. He pulled out and went to Lana to have her clean his slimy cock with her mouth. RJ asked Tiny if he could do her ass and he was told to go right ahead. He used his brother's cum that was leaking from her to coat his cock and rub into her asshole. RJ rolled her over on her stomach and spread her cheeks wide, exposing her crinkled little rosebud. He pushed in a bit. Push, push, push until he had the head past her sphincter and then he slowly entered her bit by bit. "Is white girlie ass the best or what boy?" Tiny asked his kid. RJ just said "Uh huh" and continued his slow fucking. Meredith was just moaning a bit with no other response. After a few minutes RJ was fully in her ass and began to speed up. He was holding her hips so tightly that he was leaving bruises.

The house smelled of booze and sex. It was quiet except for the squeaking table and Meredith's moans. Corey was at the door and said "Car pulling up". Tiny told him "You know what to do". The car parked in the driveway and a large woman got out. She rang the doorbell and Corey opened it, unseen by her. The unsuspecting woman entered and the door slammed behind her as Corey grabbed her. She saw her friends naked and scared and began to struggle. Corey held her tighter and told her to stop and watch her kid get fucked. She hadn't even seen what was happening on the table yet. She focused her eyes there and was horrified to see her daughter being raped. "Merry! My baby! Stop it. Let her go!" she screeched. Meredith heard her mom's voice thru her hazy mind and said "Mommy? Is that you? Are we going home?" Her mom broke down sobbing and Corey let her fall to the floor. RJ said "Bitch ain't going nowhere till I finish fucking this ass". 

RJ soon finished and shot his cum into the poor teen's bowels. He pulled out and went to her mom. He grabbed her hair and made her get on her knees. Pushing his semi-hard cock against her lips he said "Suck me clean mommy. See what your kid's ass tastes like". As the mom started, Meredith slowly crumpled to the floor, moaning and blankly staring while repeating "Mommy...Mommy". When RJ was satisfied he pushed the mom to the floor and she crawled to her daughter and held her tight. "It's all right now Merry. Mommy's here baby". Corey laughed and said "No it ain't all right stupid. Now get naked!" and he tapped his gun on the table for effect. She stayed on the floor with her kid and pulled off her top and bra and wriggled out of her pants and panties. Tiny whistled and said "Shiiitt! She's almost as big as me!" The woman was a big gal. About 280 lbs with big fat ttitties and a large stomach. Tiny asked his crew "Anybody wanna fuck a whale?" which brought a lot of laughing. "Well someone has to" he said. Pointing at Pete he told him "It's your lucky day. Fuck her good". 

Pete jerked himself a bit but couldn't get hard. So Tiny made Lana suck him stiff. When he was finally hard Tiny told him "See if you can find her cunt in all the fat boy". The gang laughed as Pete went to Meredith's mom and tried to get her to let go of her daughter. She was holding her in her arms and rocking back and forth. Corey bent down and pushed the barrel of his gun into Meredith's mouth. "You get fucked mama or you see what her brains look like", and he cocked the gun for effect. "All right! Please leave her alone!" her mom cried. She carefully laid her daughter on the floor and rolled onto her back. "She's ready boy. Do it!" Tiny yelled at Pete. He knelt between her legs and pressed into her pussy. She was dry and he spit on his hand and rubbed his cock and started again. She winced as he entered her. Her huge tits hung off to the sides of her body. Pete fucked her as fast as he could, trying to come as soon as possible. The woman reached out and grabbed her little girls hand as her big body rocked from the rape. After what seemed like forever, Pete let loose and got off the woman quickly. He was walking away when Tiny said "Let her clean your cock boy. Don't be a slob". Corey was giggling as Pete knelt back down over the woman's chest and put his cock at her mouth. She quickly took it in and felt ashamed and disgusted as she sucked it clean.

Pete got up and sat with the rest of the victims. The lady rolled on her side and pulled her daughter close to her and cried. Lana quietly said that she had to go to the bathroom. Tiny said "Who's stopping you hon? You can go right where you are. All of you can shit and piss right here. No need to be shy". Lana had been holding it for so long that she couldn't help herself and pissed all over the couch cushion. Corey was pointing and laughing "Look at that shit man! All over the place". The gang all had a good laugh. They went back to partying as they waited for the dad to come home. Tiny gathered his crew around and told them what he had planned for him and they all grinned and said it was going to be fun. 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; PART SIX


The house smelled like shit and piss as most of the victims could not hold on and just went on the couch or floor and the gang pissed on them as well. As the gang was enjoying seeing Pete and Ken do 69 again, Corey at the door called out "Daddy's home". He waited out of sight. The door opened and Ben said "Jeez, what stinks in here hon?". Before he got an answer Corey's gun was pressed against his head. "Hiya pops! Put the pizzas on the table" Ben was told. As he did so he saw the terrified looks on his family and the others. Tiny spoke up. "Guess what we've been doing all day dad?" Ben didn't know what to do. He felt impotent and wanted to kill Tiny and the rest but knew it would be useless to try. "Well I'll tell ya then. We all fucked your lovely family and their guests. Your wife is a fine piece and the kids, well, they're so well trained. Watch this". Tiny called Lana over. She got up and even though she was embarassed to be naked in front of her dad, she went right over to Tiny. "Suck me hard". Lana knelt down and began licking and sucking his filthy cock again. Ben was shaking his head&nbsp; back and forth as he saw this horror before him. His son and Pete were still sucking each other and he steadied himself against the table. 

"Bring the pizza over pops", Tiny told Ben. He slowly did so and the gang gathered around and ate. When Tiny was hard he sent Lana back and motioned to Lois. She came over and he ordered her to sit on his cock and fuck him. "Look at your daddy bitch" Tiny told her as she began. Ben had tears in his eyes as he looked at his little girl fuck this horrid pig. Tiny was whispering in her ear and she said out loud "I love his big black cock daddy. He fucks me so good daddy" and she grabbed her tits and squeezed them hard as she sped up her fucking on Tiny. Corey poked Ben and said "Get naked. Now!" Ben undressed as he tried not to make eye contact with anyone. When he was nude, he watched as Tiny grabbed Lois' hips and slammed her up and down on his cock as hard as he could, causing her to cry out a bit with each downward thrust. Tiny howled like an animal as he flooded her pussy one more time. "Clean your kid mom" he ordered Louise. She knelt in front of Lois and licked the cum from her snatch as it leaked out. 

Tiny spoke to Ben. "You want to save your family pops?" he asked. "Yes, yes. Please leave them alone. What do you want?" Ben quickly answered. "OK. Normally we would take all the broads with us and use them until they wear out. But if you do one thing and do it right, we'll leave and you can go on with your little lives" Tiny said. "OK! Anything! What is it?" Ben asked nervously. Tiny hauled his huge frame from his chair and went to the kitchen and got some things. He came back and plopped down again, almost breaking the furniture. Tiny showed Ben a little kitchen timer for cooking. "I'm gonna set this for an hour. You have that hour to fuck your family and cum in each one. Can you cum that much dad?" he asked. "I-I--I don't know if I can do that. Please just take our stuff and go. They've been thru so much already" Ben pleaded. "Typical wimpy white hubby. Listen fuck face! I'm setting the clock now. You do what you want but if it don't get done, what's happened so far will be like a fucking party compared to what will go on next" Tiny yelled at him. "Do them in any order you want. I don't care" he said and set the clock and it began ticking loudly.

Louise went to Ben and she told him how awful it had been so far and he needed to try his best for her and the kids. He looked at her, bruised and smelling of piss, her hair all a mess and he shook his head yes. Louise dropped down and started blowing him. The gang was yelling and urging them on. Ben was trying to clear his mind and get hard but Tiny had his daughters stand behind their mom so Ben had to see them. He shut his eyes but Tiny ordered him to look. "If it will help you can have the girls blow you instead pop" he said. "Maybe you need a new mouth working that sorry cock". As Ben stood humiliated, Louise began to stroke his cock faster and play with his balls, trying to use every trick that she knew he liked. "And no coming in her mouth either pop. That loses right away" Tiny said.

When Ben finally got hard Louise quickly laid on her back and spread herself. Tiny gave Corey a bottle of something and whispered to him. Corey laughed very hard and said "You a sick muthafucka boss". He went to Louise and knelt between her legs. Corey looked at Ben and said "Boss wants to make sure she's hot for you". Opening the bottle, he spread her pussy open with one hand and shook the bottle over her wide snatch. It took just a few seconds for the tabasco sauce to light her pussy on fire. She squirmed and screamed and rubbed her crotch like mad, but the burning didn't stop. "Time's running dad" Tiny said. "Better get in there quick". Ben dropped down and shoved himself in his wife. He began to quickly pump away and his cock began to burn too. The gang were all laughing and pointing at the couple. He pumped and pumped and finally was able to cum. Ben collapsed on his wife, both breathing hard as their crotches burned. Tiny made Louise spread her snatch open and put her fingers in to scoop out the fluid for proof.

"That only took 13 minutes dad. Not much of a fuck are ya?" Tiny said. "Leaves a lot of time for the girls though. Better get going" he said as he stroked his cock. Tariq was standing next to Barb getting blown. Ben got off Louise and she started to blow him again. He whispered "I don't know if I can do it two more so quick Lou. And with the girls!!" Louise looked at him angrily. "You will save us Ben. If you do nothing ever again you'll save your family today, dammit!" she told him. "Yeah Ben. Get with it" Corey said sarcastically and asked which girl Ben wanted next. He looked up and told Lois she would be the one. "That's right pop. Save the baby for last. She is really tight still, even with us stretching her good" Tiny said. "45 minutes left Benny boy. Time's a wasting". 

"Let his kid blow him mom. Don't hog his cock" Corey told Louise. She reluctantly moved off and Lois got between her dad's legs and said "It's all right daddy. Try and make it go fast". She took his slimy cock in her mouth and began to suck. Barb let out a scream as Tariq finished shooting in her mouth and grabbed her swollen tit and squeezed as hard as he could. Madman went over and put his limp cock at her mouth. "Scream with me and I'll break your neck bitch" he said as he began to play with her tits, yanking on her nips like she was a cow, trying to get milk out of them. She began to suck on him as Corey looked down and saw Ben wasn't getting hard yet. "Daddy gonna fuck it all up if he don't man up real soon" he announced. Lois was stroking and licking and sucking as best she could. "38 minutes" Tiny gladly announced.&nbsp; 

"Please try daddy" she whined. Ben reached down and started to quickly jerk himself. Lois licked his balls and eventually he got another boner. Lois climbed on his dick as he lay on his back and began to ride. She laid her upper body on his and had her face next to his and whispered "I know it's disgusting daddy but tell me what you need me to do. You have to cum again dad". Ben looked at her with a weak smile. "You're so strong Lois" he told her. "Let me play with your tits and you ride me fast, that should work". She lifted up a bit off her dad and he started to rub her boobs as she started slamming hard onto his cock. Corey knelt down behind Lois and spit on his cock. He pushed her down on her dad again and slammed it up her ass. Ben heard her sucking air into her mouth and felt her body shake from the new pain. "Oh God daddy. Please hurry!" she cried. Madman shot streams of cum into Barb's mouth and over her chest. Then he plopped down next to her and began to play with her pussy as he watched Corey and Ben with his kid.

Ben had his eyes shut tight as he tried to picture screwing anyone other than his daughter as he had to hear her moans from her ass rape. Her big tits rubbed against him which helped him get aroused enough to finally cum again. He let out a big groan as he shot into his kid's snatch. Corey lifted Lois up, his cock still buried deep in her butt, and took a few steps over to his boss. Tiny plunged his fingers into the girl's pussy and scraped them against her insides, pulling out Ben's cum. "That's number 2 pops" he congratulated Ben. Corey walked off with Lois and fell into a chair so he could finish fucking her ass. "Your turn now cutie" Tiny told Lana. The young girl approached her dad and just stood there. Ben was all sweaty and breathing very hard, just lying on the floor, his cock once again soft and slimy. Lana looked to her mom who motioned for her to kneel down by Ben, which she did.

Tiny announced "25 minutes left. More than enough time for a strong man like you, right?" and he laughed, pointing at Ben. He grabbed his cock and began to stroke himself again. He didn't think he could get hard again, under the circumstances, but he knew he must. Lana started rubbing his leg as she watched him play with himself. "Baby, you have to do it so it happens faster" Ben told her as he took her hand and put it on his cock. He started to touch her tits and rub her body, hoping to get stiff soon. Louise told Lana "Put it in your mouth baby. It's all right. Do what mommy says". Lana took her dad into her mouth and starting sucking. She had actually given a number of blow jobs to some boys at school, so she wasn't all that bad at it. 

The minutes passed as Ben tried and tried. He finally got half stiff and told Lana to get on all fours. She did so and Ben squeezed the base of his cock hard and tried to cram it into her pussy from behind. He tried but the head would slip past her hole. He told her to open herself for him and she lay her head down on the floor so she could reach under herself with both hands and spread her pussy as wide as she could. "Is that ok daddy?" she asked innocently. Ben said "Yes baby. It's fine. If I can just get in I'll get hard again." He squeezed his cock as stiff as possible and pushed it into her. "Push back Lana. Push hard" he said loudly. The gang members were enjoying the little show immensely, giggling and making lewd comments. Lana shoved her ass against her dad and he got into her. He quickly grabbed her hips and began to rock back and forth. He started slowly so he wouldn't fall out of her. After a minute he felt himself get harder and it became easier. Ben began a steady fucking motion as Lana made little yelping noises each time.

Ben fucked his daughter for a good ten minutes as his legs began to tire and he was going to change positions when he finally felt that good feeling and he sped up, slapping his thighs against her little ass. Ben shoved deep and tensed up, letting a small stream of cum out of his tired prick. He knew he came but hoped it would be enough to show Tiny. Ben told Lana to lay on her back and face Tiny while she spread her pussy lips. She did so and squeezed her pussy tightly, trying to push out her dad's cum. A litle trickle of clear fluid oozed out and Tiny announced "It ain't much and it hardly looks like cum but I'll count it". Ben collapsed back to the floor and actually smiled. Lana ran to her mom and cried loudly.

"You got only 8 minutes left pops. Don't see how you're gonna do it" Tiny said. Ben's head shot up from the floor. "What! I finished! You said so yourself. I did the disgusting things you wanted now leave us alone!" Ben screamed. Tiny said "I told you you had to fuck your family." Pointing at Ken, who had been on the floor in a 69 with Pete this whole time, Tiny asked Ben "Ain't that one of yours? I said fuck your family, not just fuck your women. You do his ass in the time you got left and I'll give you a fucking medal".&nbsp; Ben broke down and started to cry. "I can't do it again. Especially in my boy. I can't...I can't" he said as the words trailed off. Tiny made a face and mumbled something about "goddamn wimpy pricks" as he grabbed his gun and in one fast motion fired a bullet through Ben's head. The back of his skull exploded all over the furniture, and his body fell off to the side as a big puddle of blood began to form.&nbsp; All the women screamed at this new horror and Lana and her mom held each other tightly, crying loudly. Lois threw up on herself as ahe was sitting in Corey's lap and he dropped her to the floor, cursing.

Tiny stood up and told Louise "Daddy fucked up for the last time. Now you all belong to me." Tiny told Corey to get the cuffs and ropes to keep&nbsp; Lana, Lois, Ken and Barb quiet and controlled. Louise, Pete, Meredith and her mom were put on the couch. Tiny asked his sons "You already fucked white meat today so what's the last step for you to become a full gang member kids?" "We gotta waste a whitey too pop" Tariq answered. "Right. Now I want you flip a coin to decide which one of you is gonna do the fat broad and which one her kid". The mom started crying and yelled "Why us? Why not them?" "Because we don't need no whale and the kid is a fucking zombie. We like our bitches to move when we fuck them, so you two are useless." She held her daughter tightly as she saw no escape. 

RJ found a coin on a dresser and told Tariq to call it. He called heads and it came up tails. RJ quickly said he wanted the mom. Tariq was happy to have the kid. Madman took Meredith from her mom and told RJ to do what he wanted. The mom stood trembling and pissed herself as she watched RJ rummage in the kitchen. He came back with a collection of stuff. RJ handcuffed the mom's hands behind her and roughly pushed her to the floor. He grabbed a corkscrew from his items and pressed the point against the terrified woman's right nipple. He pushed down as hard as he could, the point piercing her skin, and he started to turn it. She screamed and shook violently. Madman and Corey held her down so RJ could finish torturing her. He turned and turned the screw until it was firmly implanted thru the center of her large tit. She continued to scream and moan in agony. "You want me to take it out bitch?" RJ asked. She shook her head yes and croaked "Please". RJ smiled and laughed as he tightly grabbed the corkscrew, and with one motion, pulled it out of her. Blood and bits of flesh flew around as she screamed an unholy sound. A huge hole appeared where her nipple had been, blood running out like a stream.

She was sweating and going into shock. "Shit! This old cow is gonna go too fast" RJ complained. He took hold of a shiny 12 inch butcher's knife. He grabbed a handful of her left tit, pulled it up, and stabbed the point of the knife thru the stretched skin at the base. Pushing until the point emerged from the other side, RJ dropped her tit and the knife sat on her chest, blood dribbling out. She was breathing heavily, eyes glazing over and her chest heaving. The young gangster roughly pulled the knife out and licked off some of her blood. Tiny was enjoying his son's antics immensely. RJ then started to slam the blade down into her tits, as if he was chopping vegetables. A few frantic moments later and her tits were a shredded mess, blood covering her upper body. Her eyes were fixed open and she appeared to be dead. RJ saw his fun was over and slammed the knife thru her throat so hard that the point of the blade stuck in the floor.

The naked boy was covered in his victims blood. "Your turn bro" he told Tariq. RJ sat to watch his brother officially join the gang. Meredith was being held up by Tariq. She was still out of it, in her own little world. He asked Corey to hold her up straight in front of him, which he did. "I don't need no tools to kill my bitch" he said, looking at Tiny. He began to punch her in the stomach and sides, one after another, the sound of his punches echoing thru the room. For a few minutes this went on until he tired of it. The poor little girl's midsection was discolored and raw. Her head hung down and a little trickle of blood ran past her lips. Tariq stood about a foot from the victim and began to punch straight into her tits as hard as he could. The little boobs compressed and released and began to turn color like her stomach. She cried loudly as more blood fell from her mouth. The once pretty girl was turning into a horror. "Turn her around" Tariq told Corey. After he did Tariq began kidney punching Meredith. She started to cough up bright red blood all over Corey. "She's almost done" he announced. Tariq motioned to him to turn her around again. "Hold her head up" he said. Corey pulled up on her hair so she was looking straight ahead. "Watch this pop" he proudly told Tiny. Standing in a boxer pose he made a quick, hard jab into her throat, and everyone heard the sound of little bones breaking. Corey let her fall as she gasped and clutched at her neck. She made awful wheezing and gurgling noises as she suffocated. In about 20 seconds it was over, and she lay still on the floor, in the pool of blood left by her mom.&nbsp;&nbsp; 

Tiny announced "I'm proud of you boys. You're full members now. We're almost done here". He told Madman to tape Pete's hands behind his back. Then he had Pete get back on the floor. Pointing at Louise, he told her "I want to see you blow him again. Get going." She knelt between his legs,&nbsp; grabbed his flaccid cock and began sucking. As she did so, Tiny motioned to Madman and he smiled and nodded that he knew what Tiny wanted. Louise sucked some more and Pete became hard again. Madman flicked open his extremely sharp switchblade and knelt at Pete's side. He watched and waited until Louise was coming up and then reached in and sliced right thru the poor guy's cock at the base. Pete screamed to wake the dead and Louise looked down and saw his cock on the floor and she puked all over him. Pete began to shake and roll around trying to make it stop hurting. Blood was spurting everywhere as he wildly moved along the floor. While he was in his death throes, Madman told Louise "Eat it bitch". She was wiping the puke from her mouth and chest and she looked up at Madman unbelievingly. "What? I can't do that. Please! Haven't you taken everything from us already?" Madman scowled and poked the cock towards her with his foot and slowly repeated "Eat......it......bitch". She began to shake and suddenly lashed out at Madman. She tried to get her nails in his eyes and he just swatted her across the face and she went down. All the while Pete's screams got less and less. He had curled up in a ball, breathing very fast. Blood was everywhere. He finally coughed and let out a long sigh and died. Louise was moaning and holding the side of her face. Madman was furious as he grabbed the dead cock and got Corey to help hold her mouth open so he could push the bloody appendage as far down her throat as he could.&nbsp; It lodged in her windpipe and she frantically tried giving herself the Heimlich to force it out. Madman looked at her and said "Let me help" and with a quick swipe he drew his blade across her throat. "That should make it easier to get out you cunt". The other men were laughing and having the best time. Louise clutched at her throat as blood poured thru her fingers and down over her tits. Her children were wailing loudly as their other parent was dying before them. She was on her knees and slowly began to fall forward and thumped onto the floor, her eyes fixed wide open in death.

The house was suddenly silent except for the crying of the remaining victims. Tiny told his gang "This was a good day boys. Damn fucking good! Now lets get cleaned up and get these fools shit together and get home". He looked at the four victims left and saw their fear. "Hey don't worry. We have plans for you. We won't kill you". After a few seconds he added "Yet". And the gang prepared to leave the carnage they had created.

 

 


 

 


 



&nbsp;&nbsp; 







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Red Doggie


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





