BDSM Library - Shaved and Snipped -Her Big Operation!




Shaved and Snipped -Her Big Operation!
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:   this is a story about a woman whose lover is asurgeon and tells her she needs a REALopertion, it will invove removing her hair, leaving her bald and some drastic alterations to her genitals. She is afraid but finds it is also something she wants to happen!







Shaved and Snipped - Her Big Operation
By ladybalddreamz

I had met my girlfriend a year before my journey began, she was tall and slim and had black hair to her shoulders and like me shaved her cunt bald. She was dominant and I loved it, she was a doctor who owned a private clinic and loved to 'treat' me, we had discussed ultimate fantasies for a while and then she decided it was time we would live it out. I was so excited it made my 'problem' worse, my clitoris was swollen all the time and needed constant attention.&nbsp; I had been diagnosed with a mild to moderate form of constant arousal syndrome and she was aware of this. We had discussed ways to 'alleviate' this problem of my troublesome clit, she told me the clitoris was a wonderful organ but when things went wrong it was capable of causing a lot of trouble, so I needed surgery. Of course I was willing! She asked me to be ready for an&nbsp; 'exam' and I was to be naked on the bed, with 'down below' shaved smooth and my legs open so the first things she saw when she came through the door was shaven cunt. I was ready and excited, she came in and I was on my back, my gash all swollen and pink, my clit aching and red and sticking right out. 
"How are we today?"
She was wearing her white coat. 
"I got pain in my cunny again."
"Let me see."
She spread me wide.
"Are you still getting painful constant arousal?
"Yes, all the time, I hate it!"
"You have a swollen clitoris. It is terribly swollen, it indicates you have an illness that I must treat. You need orgasm and then some desensitisation treatment to stop your inconvenient feelings of constant arousal."
She wheeled a trolley next to the bed and I gave a groan of alarm as I saw the array of instruments - this was new to me, there were medical clamps and scalpels and a suture kit, cutting equipment and things I did not even recognise. Then to my alarm her nurse came into the room. She looked between my legs at my naked groin and then smiled at me as she put on a surgical mask.
My doctor patted my arm as she lifted a hypodermic needle.
"You are going to have an operation, my love. A real one, a drastic one.&nbsp; I sent the results of you examination to a colleague of mine and they were able to confirm that your clitoris is over sensitive, that it will continue to swell and ultimately become irrevocably infected without intervention."
"What kind of intervention?"
By now I was scared, the nurse was strapping my ankles securely into stirrups and taping my wrists to my sides. My lover was now my Doctor and taking charge of the situation, this was not a game and her expression was grave.
"The pain you have been getting in your clitoris is indicative of the most serous form of clitoriditis I have ever seen. I gave you an enema this morning was part of your prep, it was not play. I did not want to tell you the bad news until it was time to take you to theatre."
I wanted to panic but the injection made me drowsy. I was not so drowsy that I was unaware, and I could still move, but ll the fear was gone. I understood I had to have an operation on my cunny and my lover was going to perform it.
The nurse was helping her with her gown and gloves. I watched as they both donned surgical garb. My legs were relaxing in the stirrups and I gave a tiny whimper as the nurse slid in a catheter, but as the amber liquid flowed from my bladder a sense of peace came over me - I was in their hands now and I had to have surgery on the most sensitive part of my body. My lover had remarked the first time she had licked me that my clit had seemed 'rather large and red' but now I understood why she had insisted on all the private examinations when the clinic was shut, why she had made notes on all the clitoral pain I had experienced. She had guessed I had a condition. She knew I needed an operation and she was the best person to do it. My ankles were released from the stirrups and my legs were placed closed, although there was a gap now the tube protruded from my labia. I was covered with a small sheet and then wheeled down the corridor. The clinic was empty but all the lights were on and as I watched my lover wheeling me she looked down.
"It will be alright."She promised me, "You have to be a brave girl."
To my shame my fetish was taking over and I felt wetness sliding out of me, even making my catheter rub in a pleasant way.
This all changed when we entered the operating theatre. I was placed on the tale under the bright lights, an IV was put in my arm and my legs were opened, the table positioned and once again I was in stirrups, this time with my knees bent high and wide apart and the heat from the light beating down on that painful red organ that was swollen up despite everything. My lover looked at me sadly.
"You condition has been linked to abnormal brain patterns as well as hormones, for that reason I have to attach some monitor wires to your scalp for the duration of your treatment so these can be studied later for abnormalities. For this reason, I have to shave your head clean.I am so sorry."
"No!" I shouted, but the nurse who had stood behind me simply lifted my ponytail and sliced through it. I started to cry as she switched on a small white hand held shaver and switched it on. She placed the blades at the front of my head and shaved a strip, leaving the centre of my head with a bald stripe. Then she did it again, and again, shaving me bit by bit, as each tress fell away, she lifted it free and dropped it into a bag marked 'medical waste'. The nurse continued to shave me despite my sobs. She paused to use a cool hand to briefly brush the tears from my face.
She looked at the doctor as she held up my ponytail.
"Is this for disposal?"
"No, keep it, she might want it after the op." my lover replied, "So she can remember her hair."
They were talking over me as if I was barely there. Then my lover looked down at me."Please, nooooo..."I begged weakly but she just spoke softly to me.
"I have had to make the decision for you to submit you to clitoral surgery and neurological monitoring. Your condition means you must have this operation and lose your hair as part of the treatment. You will have the best care, my love."
The nurse seemed fascinated as she picked up the pack of ready to use wax strips.
"ShallI do the scalp wax now doctor?"
"Yes, at once." My lover replied.
The nurse began to keenly press the strips down and then pull them off, a press and rip sensation that hurt but as my head was waxed it was the loss of my hair that made me cry mostly. My lover watched, still looking at me with compassion. When the nurse had thrown away the last of the wax along with the last trace of my hair she took a cool cloth and wiped over my head.The cloth glided over and she paused again to wipe off my tears. Then she took the top off strong smelling glue. My Doctor had taken a marker pen and was dotting positions on my hairless head. 
"Be careful with that, nurse - it bonds in seconds."
My lover lifted up a dish containing small silver discs. There were about a dozen of them.
She spoke t me slowly and clearly in case I was drowsy from the tranquilizer injection.
"These discs will stay bonded to your bare head for a month after your operation, they will fall off after that, they are to transmit your brainwaves to a remote unit. Your head has been waxed so you have no regrowth for at least two months, my love."
I was past crying now.My hair was gone and that was it. I knew I was facing genital surgery of a serious nature and I lay there, looking up while the doctor and the nurse prepared the instruments and talked over me.
The nurse looked down between my legs.
"It's a shame, your girlfriends got a lovely pussy."
"Yes but see how engorged the clitoris is?"
My lips were splayed open sharply.
The nurse peered down."Looks like its going to burst! It should not be that purplish colour around the hood, either. She must have found orgasm very painful."
"She did."
My lover parted my buttocks and invited the nurse to share the inspection.
"The rectum is shockingly tight, too. She's bled after passing motions several times. I gave her a rectal as part of our bedroom play and I knew she had a lot of problems in the area - its all linked and it all needs surgery. We she wakes up, after the pain is gone, she will feel like a new woman."
"How will she cope with her new look down there? And what about her hair? It might never recover enough for the roots to grow back."
My lover leaned down and smiled at me kindly.
"I shall still love you the same."She told me, "Hair or no hair!"
I blinked, tried to speak but my Doctor was gluing cold metal sensors to my smooth head and they felt chilly and the glue stung, then tightened as metal set against my newly exposed flesh. The nurse took up a hypodermic. She hovered between my legs, her other hand holding my labia open.
"Do we need to restrain her any further, Doctor?"
"No."my doctor replied, "She is well tied by the restraints."
The she leaned over me.
"I am going to give you an orgasm, my love, I know the nurse is present and you are in pain but please try not to feel ashamed, it is important we record your brainwaves during pre-operative orgasm."
My doctor and lover stood between my spread legs. She glanced at the nurse. 
"Keep watching the monitor and make sure brainwaves are recorded. This won't take long, that poor clitoris of hers is about to burst!"
Doctor lowered her mask then dipped her head between my legs. She hovered above my shaven pubis for a moment, taking a last look before surgery. 
"I'm going to lick that juicy cunny of yours." She told me.
Then she kissed my pubic mound, before spreading me wide and taking a long, tender lick. The sensation of her tongue on my swollen rosebud seemed to grate and I gave a moan of pain. But pleasure throbbed also and she sucked on the reddening organ, licking sucking, pressing down as her tongue worked hard. 
"Aaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhh ahhhh aaa&nbsp; mmmmmmmm..mmm aaah!"
I was twitching and groaning, my voice echoing around the operating theatre. The nurse was studying the spikes on the monitor, which she began to print off.
My lover watched as my cunny twitched for the last time, then she wiped me clean, something that made me whine as the cloth scraped my clitoris, the organ was still huge and refusing to calm down. She took a brush and began to paint my groin with iodine, every stroke tickled despite the pain and as she glanced at me I managed a smile.
"That&#8217;s it, good girl." She said.
Then she opened me wide and the brush soaked in bright iodine found its way into every crack and crevice - I groaned as she pained first my clitoral hood and then under it, before the brush went lower still and stung my inner flesh. She gave the brush a good soak in the iodine and painted around my rectum, then stuck the brush inside and twirled it for good measure.
Then she looked at me.
"Are you still aware, my daring? Nod your head for Yes."
I nodded.
She lifted a pair of what looked like dainty silver tongs.
"Nurse, I want you to watch this." She said aloud, "This is known as clitoral stretching and desensitisation. Its important&nbsp; pre surgery , just to ensure the blood does not become too engorged."
She held up the tongs and showed me.
"Take a deep breath."
The tongs went between my legs, she positioned them slowly and carefully, then snapped them shut brutally. They locked with a click and my clitoris was trapped. She began to tug and pull on the tongs, from my position on the tale I could see my clit being stretched and crushed like a long piece of meat.&nbsp; The nurse watched in fascination.
"How painful is it?" My doctor asked me.
My mouth as open but at first I could not find breath. Then she clamped the tongs shut even tighter.
"Aaaaaa eeeeeeeee aaaaah oooooooow!"
My voice was a high pitched scream.
"There there." MY lover said casually and offered the tongs to the nurse.
"May I?"
"Yes, tug hard and then rotate left then right and pull again."
"Thank you!"
The nurse obeyed her.
"Aaaaarrrghhh ooo oh oh noooo aaaaah!"
I fought to take a breath.
"Almost over." My lover said to me, "Be brave, you are doing so well my dear."
"It's rather like tenderising a piece of meat." My Doctor added, taking the tongs from the nurse, "The clitoris actually extends four inches into the body. It's best that we draw as much of it out as we can. Check the print out to record her pain stats."
The nurse went back over to the machine and watched.
"Once more." Doctor said, then pulled on the tongs. I felt a sharp tug deep in my groin as if everything inside had been jerked outwards. I breathed in sharp and was grateful for the oxygen over my face. I stared upwards at the lights for a moment, pain stunning me. Then she pulled again.
"ieeeeeeeeee...ooooooowwwwwww...oooooo-oooo n-n-naaaa--noo -no- no-! "
I&nbsp; gasped for air and looking down saw my clitoris as a glowing red bulb locked in tongs, swollen even larger than I had ever suffered it and the length of it resembling a small penis about three inches long.
She twisted the tongs again, twistng left and right. Tears ran down my face.
"MMMMmmmmmm....mmmm....aaaaaaa!"
As she caught the look in my eyes my lover stopped.
"Have you crossed into a brief sensation of pleasure?"
I nodded.
"Nurse."
The nurse left the machine and came over. Her eyes widened as she saw how much of my clitoris hand been pulled upwards.
"Hold the tongs." She ordered her, "My poor darling has some arousal remaining. I want to make her come again."
Then she lowered her voice.
"It IS her last one."
While the nurse held the tongs, my lover paced a thumb and forefinger either side of my blood red clit. Se began to rub frantically, until her glovedhand became a blur.
I came at once. 
"OOOhhhh....aaaaaaaah aahhh AAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRGGGHHHHHH MMMMMMMMM OOOOooo ohhh ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh."
Then I relaxed, pleasure fading as the sensation of my clit being pulled came back, although by now the tip was numb.
I felt something run down my face, I realised I was sweating but my lack of hair meant it just ran onto me. My Doctor wiped my face and head.
"I have to give you a large injection in the pubis."She informed me, "I am so sorry if it is painful Count to ten and your pubis will be numb."
I nodded dumbly, bracing for the needle but as it dug in and the nurse slid the needle deep into the bone beneath my clit, I gave a weak yell, then as the pain throbbed and she pulled the needle out, my lover, still masked, cupped my face and looked into my eyes.
"Count with me - two, three four, five six..."
"Seven, eight." I said weakly, then I felt the pain melt. I was aware of a prodding sensation but felt little else.
"Can she feel that?" The nurse asked.
My doctor shook her head.
"Shes numb and hazy, good work, Nurse, that needle hit the spot. Numb the rectal area, please."
I was aware of a gloved hand that seemed to rummage between my buttocks, the I realised the nurse was applying thick white cream both internally and externally which she covered with a dressing and the taped to me. The way I was spread with all holes on show meant the dressing just sat there with ease, while I felt my ass turn to ice.
An oxygen mask was placed over my face.
"It is time, my darling. Be brave."
As I looked into the eyes of my lover I got the oddest wish that I could spread my legs even wider. I glanced down towards my groin and looked back at her and smiled.
She seemed to understand, patting my bare pubis.
"I know, I know."She assured me, "It will soon be over."
Then she covered her mouth again and turned to the nurse who showed her the results of my first brain wave recording. She nodded to her and ordered her to clamp me wide open. If felt nothing but more tugging as I was clamped. The nurse stood beside her, watching with intense interest. I noticed The tongs were back but now I did not care as I was numb. She grasped the end of my stretched clit and held it up. 
"Fascinating." The nurse said. My lover was carefully examining my clamped, stretched clitoris. She looked up at me.
"Your clitoris IS diseased." She told me, "I am sure that after surgery there will be no more problems but you do know what this means, don't you?"
I smiled in an understanding way as I recalled all the times she had mock examined me and threatened to 'cut it off'. This was it, it was real and strangely I felt very aroused by the idea.
"Are you going to remove my clit?" I said slowly and weakly.
She nodded."And the hood, and the inner labia. I'm so very sorry."
I managed to smile.
"Operate on me Mistress." I said, words were slurring.
The nurse glanced at the Doctor and I saw a trace of arousal in her eyes as she realised her Doctor and boss was my mistress and about to cut off my clit and not only this but I wanted it. My Doctor lifted a scalpel.
She looked intently at me.
"I'm going to slit the hood and remove it, then cut off the inner labia and remove the clitoris last of all." She advised me.But all I could see was the eyes of my beautiful woman doctor.
"I love you." I said dozily, "Take my clit, cut my cunny..."
"She's under enough for us to proceed." My doctor said.
She lowered the scalpel and began to cut.
Moments later she drew back a blood stained knife and demanded the nurse suction the area. She wiped me again and applied another clamp, then as the nurse held out a silver kidney dish, she dropped apiece of bloody flesh into it.
"That was your hood." She told me.
She took a fine needle and began to sew, it was a slow procedure but the nurse watched with her eyes wide.
"We are we performing clitoridectomy?"
"After labia removal."
She took a tiny pair of forceps and gripped my left labia. Then she took up miniature heated cutters, as she did so they bleeped and she nodded.
"That means they are at the right temperature."
She held my inner fold tightly with one hand and clipped with the other.The room was filled with the smell of burning and and a sound with each clip as if chicken skin was being cut.
As she repeated it the other side I saw the nurse eagerly position the bowl to receive the flesh. As the Doctor dropped it in she paused to look at it, seeming fascinated by an amputated labia and clit hood.
"Keep the hood and the labia minora in the bowl and get another for the clitoris."She told the nurse, "They have to be sent to the lab as separate tissue samples because the clitoris is an organ."
The nurse nodded, placing the bloody bowl to one side and eagerly selecting another, larger gleaming bowl which she hovered between my legs with, watching my lover work with eagerly gleaming eyes. My lover looked into my eyes.
"I'm taking your clitoris right out." She told me"There may be a few nerve endings left behind and as soon as you are healed i will be down there between all you have left to give you the remains of pleasure, but your clitoris MUST be removed and it is happening now. I will put on the clamp first."
The nurse stood behind me and ran her latex covered hands over my bald head.
"Stay calm." She was reassuring me, "It wont take long. Once your clit is gone you will have no more pain or disease. You&#8217;ll be nice and clean and you will look lovely. I rather think the bald look suits you."
My doctor looked up from my groin and smiled.
"I think my nurse finds you attractive with your hairless look. I certainly do. Remember I said I'd always wanted to shave your head?"
I smiled and nodded.
As my lover drew her hands away from my groin I saw they were heavily blood stained. 
"Is...the..clamp on?" I said weakly. 
She nodded. 
"The clamp is on firmly."
Then she gripped the handle of the tongs so hard I saw muscles flex in her arms. She drew the tongs upwards and pulled even harder. I saw my clit as a thick, red, swollen piece of meat gleaming by the surgical light and stained with iodine. She slid the heated blades down low, I felt pressure as she dug into the pubic bone.
"Here we are." She announced, then closed the blades. 
It happened fast, she released the blade as burning filled the room and the wide eyed nurse stared at the clitoris that was dropped into the kidney bowl. My lover picked up another suture kit and began to sew quickly, she moved my catheter as she worked and I guessed she was tidying me up. 
"I want to keep the outer labia intact."She explained to me as she worked, "Purely for my preference, so I get a lovely surprise when I part the lips and see a lovely thin scar ad a pee hole and a vagina."
I smiled through my mask.
As she finished stitching she changed her gloves and ordered the nurse to cover my pubis. The nurse carefully dressed me covering the whole of my cunny but leaving a gap for the catheter to poke through. Once it was all taped up&nbsp; she took the ass dressing off and wiped off the excess cream.
"Are you still awake?"
My lover was leaning over me.
I nodded.
"I'm going to give you a rectal muscle stretch."
I smiled lazily, now longing for sleep. 
I was aware of a vague prodding, then my bowel filled with liquid.
"It's important to flood the rectum with lubricant." She said to the nurse.
"Hold her buttocks WIDE apart for me, please!"
As I lay there I laughed in my drugged state as I heard a squelch and a pop, then another squelch as her hand worked in and out of me, I could feel my body sliding up and down despite the restraints.
"Now I can get one hand in, I'm going to slowly insert the other."
She talked to the nurse like a teacher as she elongated her other hand. The nurse nodded and watched, she was clearly thrilled to be a witness to such radical surgery and I had no complaints. She held my buttocks wide, bracing them open. My Doctor pushed in her other hand. I felt a vague slopping inside, a popping and slurping that made me giggle through my mask. As she took both hands out&nbsp; trapped wind popped out loudly like a series of sharp snaps. And I laughed even harder, as I realised I was bald, catheterised, circumcised and now farting loudly while my lover and a nurse tore me a new ass.
"That was a loud one." The nurse remarked.
I laughed again. I could feel my face reddening all the way up to my bald head.
"Good thing I cleaned you out this morning." My lover said playfully, "It's just a big, big fart, calm down, my dear. Almost done."
She slid her hands back into my ass.
"Now I'm going to do the interesting part."
The nurse was still holding me open.
"Stretch her hole with your fingers?"
"Slide both hands in, grip both sides of the anal opening and pull -"
My lover grunted with the effort, she was literally pulling my ass apart. The nurses eyes widened as her hands pulled until my hole yawned like a gaping black pit.
"She's tearing."
"Scissors."
The nurse handed her the scissors.
"I'm snipping both sides at the top and the bottom of the rectal opening much like a vaginal episiotomy."
She handed the bloody scissors back to the nurse. Then she smiled at me.
"When you are healed my hands will slide in and out of you, my love."
"Have I still got an ass?" I asked lazily.
"A very loose one."
She took a wide tube. It was clear plastic and looked more like a pipe than any kind of catheter. It slid in with a slurp and a pop and then she took up a needle and thread. 
"I'll now sew the new rectal opening to the width of the pipe to ensure a wide hole."As she was tying off the last stitch I felt a rumble and another fart exploded from me.
"Thats quite enough!" My Doctor said and&nbsp; showed me a long, thick rubber tube. She inserted it high into my rectum, way past the support that held open my ass.
"No more farts for a while!"She teased me, then she kissed my brow.
"All over now."
I closed my eyes and drifted to sleep.

When I woke up I was high on pain relief but my Doctor lover showed me a mirror and when I saw my bald head, still with the sensors glued to it, I swore I felt a tingle somewhere in the region of where my clit used to be. She told me she had left a small cluster of nerves behind so that with much stimulation I would still have orgasm sensations - with her help, of course. Then she took the dressing off. It was a neat scar, I marvelled at the way the thin line was so tightly stitched.&nbsp; wo weeks later the results came back from pathology and revealed my clitoris and other tissues were actually healthy. I said to my lover i had become bald, circumcised and had my ass wrecked for nothing, but the she smiled and asked me if I liked the result. I had t admit I could hardly complain because I had masturbated ver it so many times in bed with her.
"I love it." I told her.
She planted a kiss on my pubis, spread my labia and licked my scar.&nbsp; The pillow felt cool against my bald head and I sighed as her hands slid in and out of my ass. And as I was still recovering in her clinic, the nurse watched everything,her own hand toying with something I didn&#8217;t have any more - a clitoris. My lover asked if she could play with it n fro of me and I said yes, then my toes curled as the Doctors expert finger hit a small bundle of nerves where my clit used to be and the nurse stopped masturbating to take the brain wave reading from the machine beside my bed. 
I came to think of her as my masturbation nurse and welcomed her assistance when my lover played with me.
Six weeks later I went home with my lover and found my modified body made our love life better than ever. And my hair did not row back. That was something that excited both of us, and even the nurse, who made regular visits once a week to enhance my 'check ups'.
And that is the story of how my lesbian doctor lover changed my life forever.
I remain her bald patient and lover and have a beautiful scar between my legs that I think of as a work of art.

The End
































Review This Story
 || Email Author:  ladybalddreamz


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





