BDSM Library - Leslie`s adventure




Leslie`s adventure
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  Leslie finds that staying home and inviting a classmate over, has surprising results.






Leslie`s Adventure.


Please note: the following is a work of complete fiction. Names, places, events are all completely made up. That being said, enjoy!




Part 1.


Tired after a long day of school, Leslie returned to her rented apartment facing a pile of homework, a sink of dishes and a night of boring television. The college lifestyle seemed so easy and free from high school - freedom, partying, a future. Now, it just seemed like work.


22, single, with a few friends and a student income, Leslie pondered. Was this really all it was supposed to be?

Slim, with short brunette hair and an average body, Leslie never considered herself extraordinary - just average. Which suited her fine. With the other girls off partying, dancing, drinking.... getting into dangerous situations and trouble, Leslie was quite happy to stay at home and relax. 

Tonight, however, she needed something different. She thought about calling home - no, she did that all the time, and talking to her parents and her brother had just become routine. Internet chat was just too much - guys trolling for partners, girls dangling availability....&nbsp; or just people i the mood to fight and mouth off. Flipping through her notes, Leslie saw a phone number....&nbsp; from a classmate, who had offered it to her in case she had questions about the upcoming test.

David.

Dave, actually. He preferred Dave. Sweet, charming, easy-going..... seemed like a good guy. Had a good handle on the class material - always happy to talk, even to the shy Leslie. He lived at home, and had a car, so if she called him..... he might even be able to come over.....

Leslie`s hands trembled at the thought. She`d been with a few guys as boyfriends before, even had a little sex, but nothing in the past year or so. She was always nervous, anxious....&nbsp; worried that a man would judge her based on her 36B breasts or the width of her hips. She always told herself that she had nothing to worry about, but the thoughts crept in anyway.

Before she even realized what she was doing, the phone was ringing. 

"Hello?"&nbsp; It was Dave.

In a few moments, the plans were set. Notes, studying, 8:00. Her place.

!!!! Went the thoughts in Leslie`s head. The place was a disaster! But she had almost 4 hours to make it presentable. With that kind of time, she set off to make it clean and ready for Dsave`s arrival, all the while wondering..... does he like me enough to hang out? Or is he just coming to help with studying?


The doorbell chimed at promptly 8, and Dave came in and sat down. 2 hours of studying, a bag of chips and 2 cans of cola passed in a blur for Leslie, who knew - she wanted to feel a closeness with him, it was so nice to have someone here - but how to express it?

Finally, she just said it - "Dave, what do you think about me?"&nbsp; Shocked that the words came out of her mouth, Leslie suddenly saw a grin across his face.

"Leslie, you`re a great girl. Smart, funny, happy, not full of drama..... honest, and to be hinest with you - very cute. Whether you believe it about yourself or not."

Stunned, but feeling warm and happy inside, Leslie moved to the couch to sit with Dave, and she sat down beside him..... and they came together in a passionate kiss.

Leslie could feel the heat build inside her, she wanted more from this man..... but she was afraid. Afraid he`d go too far, afraid he would brand her as a slut if it was too easy, afraid to lose him if she moved too fast or slow. Her brain flooded and overspilled with emotions.

They discussed past relationships. Dave, 4 girlfriends - sex with two, but they both had plans to be with big, hulky rich guys. Leslie, 3 boyfriends - sex with the last one, who was her longest at 5 months. He had not been much - a little foreplay, a few strokes inside her until he came, and then he was done. Rather unfulfilling.

"Leslie", Dave said, "How about I show you an experience like no other? I guarantee you will find out what it is like to climax, perhaps multiple times. You may even discover something about yourself you didn`t know."

Leslie`s heart pounded. How do you turn down an offer like that? Is it too soon? Am I ready for that kind of thing?

It was an easy decision. Her trust for Dave was great, having known him for this school year plus the one before.

"What did you have in mind, Dave?"&nbsp; Leslie asked sweetly.



Standing in her bedroom, Leslie began to feel hot as Dave explained. "The safeword is orange, I will immediately stop and we will make sure you are ok. Don`t be afraid to use it if you are uncomfortable."

Leslie nodded. That was easy.

Dave explained as he gathered some scarves. "Bondage is a different kind of experience. It can be rough, it can be gentle, it can be painful. But done right, it always has pleasure.. :)"

Bondage? Leslie`s heart pounded. Her head swam.

"I really want to try this, and Dave.... he`s so cute and fun....."

Leslie decided to go for it, but with a condition. 

"Dave, I have one limit."

"Go on," he answered.

"No sex."

"No sex?"

"I`m paranoid about being pregnant, and I don`t want to risk it.... and I don`t know if I`m ready, and...." Leslie began to stammer out some words, but a simple shush and smile from Dave stopped her.

"No sex, is no problem."

"Really?" 

"Really. I will make you happy and climax in other ways."

Wow. Leslie was floored. Climax? And he wasn`t insisting on sex?

"Leslie?" Came Dave`s voice.

"Yes?"

"Please take off your shirt."&nbsp; 

Her heart pounded as Leslie pulled her t-shirt over her head to expose her lacy blue bra.Dave`s eyes lit up in approval. 

"Nervous?" Came his voice.

"A little. But I know I shouldn`t be"... Leslie answered, as she tried to calm herself.

"Bra too?"

Leslie easily reached around back, and undid her bra, letting it fall to the floor. Her breasts were exposed, perky and ready, for Dave to see. Her nipples were already hard with the anticipation.

"Very nice", Dave said, as he pulled his t-shirt off and tossed it aside.

Leslie blushed, as she saw the pile of her scarves and bathrobe straps, waiting for her. Was she really going to let this man tie her up?

"Pants too, Leslie.....&nbsp; if you`re ok with that.... it`s a lot easier before I start on you..."

Her head racing, Leslie undid her jeans and let them fall to the floor. She was now standing in just her black panties, which covered her trimmed pussy hair, and her bum.

"Do you prefer the bed or the floor?"

"Floor", Leslie answered, knowing the carpet was soft, and gave more room.

Dave helped her to kneel, and gently took her hands in his, guiding them behind her back. She breathed deeply, trying to relax as her hands were fastened together behind her, with a soft scarf. It was an odd feeling, but surprisingly comfortable.... and she relaxed, knowing that Dave would take good care of her.

From behind, she jumped as Dave reached from behind her, and began to tease her nipples, while at the same time teasing her neck with his tounge. Leslie moaned in awe, as she never realized how sensitive she was at her neck.

Dave came around the front of her, and dropped his pants, leaving him just his boxers. Leslie could see a hard-on within, but she wondered - why would he agree to no sex?

Her question was put on hold as Dave grabbed another scarf and retreated behind her again, this time taking her elbows and working them together. Although she couldn`t touch them, she as close.... and she felt the scarf tighten around them. Looking down, she saw her breasts standing out further, and realized she liked the effect.

"Is that ok?" came Dave`s voice.

"Just fine" Leslie answered. She wasn`t in any pain, and it felt good to have her breasts standing proud, and she hoped it impressed Dave.

It must have. He went to work on her sensitive nipples, and neck....&nbsp; and back, as she found out..... his touch was like magic, and before long her pussy was very warm, and wet.

Her moans surprised even her, as she found them getting louder and longer..... and without warning, she felt Dave`s hands track south.... to the waistband of her panties.....

His hand slipped effortlessly inside, and found her clit....

Just a few touches, and she was practically humping his hand at this point....

"Ohhhh, please.... ohhh god, it feels so good......."

Leslie was in heaven, and she knew she couldn`t hold out much longer......&nbsp; and then,.....

She came.


Hard.

She thought she might have wet herself, but it was just the juice from her pussy.

Dave stood, and walked over to the bed for more scarves.

Once Leslie`s breathing had returned to normal, Dave stood in front of her.

"Did you like that?"

"Uh-huh" was the reply.

"More?"

Leslie`s head spun. There could be more?

















Leslie`s adventure, Part 2



Dave stood in front of Leslie, knowing she needed a deeper and more explosive orgasm. Leslie knelt, hands behind her back, knowing she was in for a ride like she had never experienced before.

"How did that feel, Leslie?"&nbsp; Asked Dave...

"OH my god, sooo good..." came the reply....

"Are you ready for more bondage?"

"Please...." Leslie moaned. More bondage? How could he add to this?

Dave walked to her dresser, and pointed.

"Where do you keep your panties?"

Leslie was quiet a second. Panties? What did he want with those?

"top drawer, left side".... she replied.

Dave opened the drawer and selected a white thong, before he walked back to her.

He planted a hot kiss on her lips, and then spoke, almost in a whisper, inches from her face.

"Before we go any further, I think we need to gag you. Not only for the helplessness factor, but because if you cum like that again, you are going to have the neighbours calling the cops."

Leslie`s mind raced. Gag? That sounded evil. Kidnapper evil. 

Dave smiled a reassuring smile.&nbsp; "If you are ok with this, it won`t hurt. IF you hum the opening to O Canada or the Star-Spangled Banner, I`ll stop immediately."

It felt safe. But soo scary....

"Ok. Do it." Leslie said. 

Her boldness surprised even herself, as she opened her mouth to accept her panties inside. Dave tied a knot in the middle of a scarf, and wound that around her head to hold the panties inside so she didn`t spit them back out.

Leslie moved her head and tested her new mouth packing material. It was tight, but not uncomfortable. She felt safe in Dave`s presence, and ready for his next touch.

More to the nipples, and more kisses and licks to her neck, brought Leslie to damp again. Her pussy was hot, and wet.... she wanted desperately to feel that rush.....

Her screams were muffled nicely behind her gag. She felt herself screaming louder and harder, trying to express her delight at his touch, but it all came out muted and restrained. 

She knew she had to cum again. But he was being gentle... almost taking her close and then slowing down.....&nbsp; he was! He was teasing her! But it felt soooo good...

Then, he stopped. 

She felt his head slide around hers, amd look at her. She turned to look him in the eye.

"Remember," he said, "O Canada or the Star Spangled Banner...."

And then he came round front, and spread her knees slightly for her. 

Now Leslie was kneeling, slightly spread, and the cool air on her pussy was remarkable.

But where did Dave go?


She felt him lay down behind her, then suddenly, his head was behind her, between her legs..... and working his way up.... and, oh.... was he...?

He stopped with his jaw under her pussy. Despite the scarf wrapped around her face, she could see the hair on his head......&nbsp; she wondered....&nbsp; what was he doing?

Her black panties were slid aside, just gently...

Leslie had never had a man go down on her, or anyone for that matter. Wait, she was above him...... bound and gagged.... was he going up on her? How does this work?

Leslie shot to attention as his tounge touched her clit. It was like being struck by lightning!

Dave worked her clit, and Leslie, powerless to resist the tounge inside her, felt another orgasm building.... and then it happened...

She came hard, fighting her bonds and screaming into her gag, feeling like fireworks were going off in her brain.

Dave slipped out from under her and slid a finger inside her drenched pussy... and began to finger her more....

Another orgasm built, and quickly exploded. 

Was that a 3rd? Leslie was losing count as she rode Dave`s fingers..... it felt so good, so very very good....

And kind of slutty, to have a man fingering her while all tied up..... but she couldn`t do anything to fight it..... god, just couldn`t stop......

She heard Dave say something aobut giving her a big ending, with a slutty finish....... he asked if that was ok, and she just nodded..... she didn`t care, as long as it felt this good.......

God, she would love a slutty finish......&nbsp; she was starting to feel like a real slut.... bound, gagged.... she needed to feel truly slutty and dirty...

Dave knelt in front of her, and put his hand inside her panties again... oohh, Leslie moaned, it felt good, just what she needed....&nbsp; she noticed him take his cock in his other hand, and begin to stroke....

She was almost ready to cum..... it was close, just about there......&nbsp; ohhhhh, yeah, right there.... 

Just as she began to climax....&nbsp; she felt the first hot spot hit her.... then more..... as she realized he was cumming on her, she climaxed even harder......

It felt really slutty and dirty, but Leslie didn`t care...&nbsp; she was enjoying her orgasm.....&nbsp; she felt a load of cum hit her on the chest, to go with the other load on her breasts...... ohhh, it felt good...
she never thought she would like the feeling, but she did....&nbsp; ohhh, so dirty...

Dave stopped pumping and withdrew his fingers from her wet pussy. She knelt, spent, and covered in cum, reveling in the feeling...

He quickly fetched a towel and wiped her off, making sure to catch every drop.

Leslie`s heart was pounding. She was now truly slutty, still gagged, still bound tightly, she had climaxed at least 5 times, she wanted more, and she was still feeling the warmth from the cum that was just wiped off of her.

It didn`t take Dave long to oblige.

He was behind her, pressed against her, and his hands were on her tits. Oh, god did she need hands on her tits....

He played with her nipples....&nbsp; teased her...... ran his hands on her stomach and hips.... caressed her whole body from the waist up..... but she needed more.

She needed the ultimate release.

But she knew she couldn`t have him in her pussy.

She felt his hands slide her panties down at the back.. exposing her bum.....

His left hand wrapped around and touched her clit..... and slid a finger into her pussy....

Oh god, that touch..... felt soooo good.....&nbsp; 

His other hand was playing in her panties. 

Why is his other hand there? Leslie wondered...

She felt him move...&nbsp; almost like he was rubbing his cock again....

Then she felt his other hand spread her bum cheeks.

He wouldn`t! 

Leslie`s mind raced....&nbsp; not there! No, no, no.... never there! 

Leslie`s mind raced. She had plenty of fantasies, but not there! Oh please, she couldn`t.... wouldn`t....&nbsp; but that finger in her pusssy.... ohhh, so good....

It really did feel great, and she was lost and swimming in her own mind...

Her brain was about to send the signal to stat humming, o canada, star spangled banner, anything..!&nbsp;&nbsp; but it stopped...

That hand in her pussy..... sooo good...

Then she felt his cock on her bum.....

Edging toward the one place she allways thought she would said no to....

And he must have lubed it a bit with her pussy juice, because it slid in.

He didn`t force it, it just went in very gently.... and he let her adjust to it, all the while feeling the steady pulse of his fingers in her pussy...

Leslie screamed into her gag..... she could feel another wave of orgasm coming on, but this was different....&nbsp; this one felt like it would be big.....

She felt his cock inside her bum.... start to move in and out...... ohhh god, it kinda hurt but it felt great....

Leslie felt herself wind up, and then she knew....

Her head exploded in a wave of orgasm and fireworks, as she came harder than she ever thought it was possible..... the cock in her bum reminded her of how slutty and dirty this was....

She felt a hot load explode into her as Dave came himself.... and she began to cum again...

Leslie quivered, and came hard into her panties.

Dave withdrew, and untied her hands and elbows.

SHe removed her own gag, and turned to kiss him.

"That," she said, "was absolutely incredible. I came at least 10 times."

"And, I didn`t know I could like bondage this much"...

Dave looked at her.

"This, Leslie", he said and smiled, "Is just a beginning."


End.





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Bone Head


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





