BDSM Library - Teacher Gets Trained




Teacher Gets Trained
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  A couple of married teachers are abducted and enslaved by a gang in a remote region.










This story is written for the enjoyment of adults only. This is a work of fiction from my twisted mind. Please send any comments to 4playd@comcast.net.
 I love hearing from you. 





Teacher Gets Trained 

Written by 4play 



Part 1 

My wife Mary and I were young school teachers and finally had a summer off. We had met and fell in love in college and both taught High School courses in the same school district. The first three summers we had spent getting our Master's degrees and this summer was to be free for us to play. We had bought a used pickup truck with a camper on it and were doing some traveling around the western states. We camped in national forests for free and looked for remote places where the fishing might be good. Mary was 29 and I was 30. We were young, in love and very happy together. Little did we know how drastically our lives would soon change. 

We stopped in a wooded area a short distance from a stream and I set up a canopy to cover our portable table. We got our fly rods and headed off to fish for our supper. We fished for a couple of hours before walking back downstream to where our camper was parked. When we got back to our campsite, there were two cars parked there and four strange men and two ladies were in our camp. Two of the couples were sitting at our table drinking beer from my cooler. I hollered, "What the hell are you doing here?" One of the men standing came to me in a flash and knocked me to the ground. Mary cried out, "Don't hurt him, he's my husband." The man calmly told her, "He needs to learn better manners lady." She asked, "What are you doing in our camp?" He laughed at her and told her, "Just looking for some fun dearie. Don't you like fun?" By this time I had struggled to my feet still groggy from the blow I had received. The other strangers had gathered around us. The same guy who knocked me down now told me, "Get out of those rubber pants now!" I hesitated, but took off my waders as ordered and stood there in my stocking feet. He then demanded, "Take off your pants and hand them to me bitch." I started trembling but gathered up my courage and told him, "I will not do that, there are ladies present." He nodded to the two guys behind me and they grabbed my arms and dragged me to the ground. One of the black females then undid and removed my jeans leaving me naked below the waist. She exclaimed, "The bitch wears no panties. Look at that cute little peter he has." 

The big man who had knocked me down and out was obviously the leader of this pack of thugs. He told the lady that now held my pants, "Ruby hand those to me." She replied, "Here you go Jake." Jake and Ruby were the names of those two. Mary was pleading with them, "Please don't hurt him. Just leave us alone and go away." Jake went through my pockets and my wallet. He read my name from my driver's license. He told Mary, "Carl needs to learn to obey when given an order. I will teach him some manners and how to obey." 

Jake told the two guys holding me down to let me stand up. They lifted me to my feet. Jake told me, "Take off your shirt and socks Carla." His menacing manner left no doubt whether or not I should obey him. I took off my socks and shirt and stood naked in front of this gang. He told me, "Good girl Carla, but when I give you an order, I want you to answer, 'Yes sir". I told him, "I am not a girl. I am a man, smaller than you but still a man." Jake said, "Tyrone and JJ get the bitch on her knees with her ass in the air and her hands tied behind her." They forced me to my knees and shoved my face in the dirt. The other man took his knife and cut one of the ropes holding the canopy in place which they used to tie my hands behind my back. Jake took off his belt and smacked it down hard on my ass causing a welt and great pain. He then asked me, "Tell me you're an obedient bitch named Carla." I gritted my teeth and remained silent. Whack came another stroke, followed by four more, before he asked me again, "What is your name and what are you?" I was sobbing openly now but remained silent. Jake said, "For a wimp you have guts, but I you know this is hurting you more than it is me." Mary was begging him not to hit me again. She said, "Stop, you will kill him." Jake looked coldly at her and replied, "So what if I do?". Mary came to me knelt and told me, "Tell him what he wants to hear baby, I need you. Your poor bottom is raw and bloody." 

Jake told Mary, "Strip off your clothes and kneel beside him. I shall alternate blows between you two." Mary slowly removed her clothes while the men whistled and cheered. She knelt beside me and we kissed. I could not let him subject her to his whipping. I told Jake, "I am Carla, a submissive bitch sir." He laughed and said, "I knew you were Carla long before you admitted it. You will make a good bitch for us to use." 

Jake asked his men, "Who wants to be the first to fuck Carla?" The big black man who had tied my hands behind me said, "I will Jake. I ain't had no white boy pussy since I got out of prison." Jake told him, "Go for it JJ." He went to our cooler and pulled out a quarter pound stick of butter, unwrapped one end of it and told me, "Since you are still a cherry bitch, I will lube your pussy to make it easier for me to fuck you." He knelt behind me and pushed the butter stick forcing part of it up my ass. I tried to move away, but was held helplessly in place. JJ told me, "Just relax bitch, you are going to get fucked one way or another. Hell you might even enjoy it." He forced his finger into my asshole and wiggled it around causing me to moan with shame and pain. As the butter melted inside of me, I became very lubricated. He then shoved another finger inside along with the first one. Never before had anything entered that orifice and now he had two big fingers inside of me. He continued finger fucking me until I was moaning which delighted his audience. One of the females hollered, "Go ahead JJ, fuck the bitch now. That's enough foreplay." JJ undid his overalls and placed his hard cock at my entrance, paused briefly and shoved it inside of me. I squealed out in pain which caused the bystanders to laugh heartily. 
JJ told me, "Hump back against me bitch, fuck your new owner like a good girl. He thrust vigorously in and out of me and I humped back against him eager to have my ordeal come to an end. It seemed like it took a very long time before he stiffened and shot his seed deep inside of me. My knees were rubbed raw from sliding in the dirt, he had moved me more than a few feet forward during his rape of me. When he stood up he walked in front of me and lifted my head up so I was looking at him and demanded, "Tell me you loved being fucked like that bitch." I shook my head no, I could never say such a thing. I said, "You raped me and I hated it." He slugged me in the face blackening my right eye and causing it to swell shut. He warned me, "I can give out more punishment than you can handle bitch. Tell me what I want to hear before I beat you to death." I knew he was very serious and I meekly said, "I loved you fucking me sir." He grinned and told me, "You learn fast Carla which is good as I have much to teach you girl." He lifted me to my feet. JJ then cut a six foot length off of my fly line, tied it in a noose and tightened it around my balls and told Ruby, "Use this as a leash to take our new pet for a walk." She took the other end of the line and led me down the trail at a trot. Trotting behind her with my hands tied behind me was difficult as I was barefoot and the sticks and rocks on the trail hurt my feet. A mixture of blood, semen and melted butter was running down my legs. I could only see out of one eye and was totally miserable. 

Ruby led me up the trail for a half mile or so and then stopped to let me catch my breath. She told me, "Do what they tell you and they may let you live. They will use you until they tire you two and if you please them, they may drop you off back here. Piss them off and they will kill you without a second thought. Be a good girl for them and you may live to tell about it. Do you understand me Carla?" Kill me? I knew they were cruel, but murderers too? I replied, "Thank you ma'am, I am grateful to you for telling me that." She said, "Swallow any pride you may have left and you and your wife may get out of this alive." Ants were crawling up my legs and I started moving briskly to shake them off. Ruby jerked the leash tightening the noose around my balls even more. She told me, "I could yank those right off of you Carla. Forget the ants and kneel and lick my pussy like a good girl." I struggled to get down on my knees in front of her. The ant bites were fierce but when she lifted her skirt, I licked her pussy lips and clit until she had an orgasm. She said, "Thank you Carla, you do that well and will be useful to the girls as well as the men." She tugged at my leash causing pain to my balls and said, "Get up now, we better join the others." We ran down the trail to the camp site where she had me kneel as she tied my leash to one of the stakes for the canopy. I knelt silently watching the men ravish Mary. weeping openly with the pain and shame I felt. I was now Carla for an unknown amount of time. 

All four of the men had used Mary at both ends by the time it got dark. They tied up her exhausted body and put her in our camper. I felt sick that I was unable to rescue her from these animals, but with my hands tied behind me and my balls tethered to a stake in the ground, I was completely powerless. Tyrone came over to me, put his cock to my lips and demanded, "Open your mouth and suck my cock girl." I was angry enough at how we had be abused that I defiantly snarled, "I'll bite the damned thing off if you stick it in my mouth you bastard." He chuckled and said, "I'm sorry you feel that way Carla, but you will regret saying that." He untied the leash from the stake in the ground and pulled it between my legs. He then grabbed my hair and pulled my head way back and tied the line across my open mouth so that my head stayed tilted back with my mouth wide open. Tyrone then went to my tool box and came back with a pair of vice grips and a pair of channel lock pliers. He grabbed my tongue with the vise grips and clamped them to it causing my tongue to be pulled as far as it would go and hang to one side by the weight of the tool attached to it. He then told me, "I will have to make sure you can't bite anything Carla. Your mouth now belongs to us and we will use it as we want." He then took the channel lock pliers and began pulling out my teeth. I tried begging him not to, but with my tongue weighed down as it was all that came out were unintelligible sounds. As he worked, Tyrone told me, "We could have done this the easy way bitch, but I do admire your guts. When all your teeth are gone I will fuck your bloody mouth." When all the teeth were gone from the right side, he flipped the vice grips to the other side of my mouth and began extracting the rest of my teeth. I passed out from the pain once and he emptied the ice water from the cooler over me to revive me. He told me, "I could have taken the rest out while you were unconscious, but I want you to enjoy the experience as much as I am." I could only gurgle as the blood was running down my throat. When at last he showed me the last of my wisdom teeth before throwing it away, he removed the vice grip pliers from my tongue. He then untied the line holding my head back and stuck his cock in my mouth. "Now suck me off bitch.", he commanded, I closed my lips around his cock and began to suck it. He said, "You will learn to suck like a whore Carla and you must learn to obey without question any of your owners." He soon grabbed my head and held it in place as he fucked my mouth roughly. His big cock was choking me and making me gag, but he held me in place until he shot his load down my throat. I wanted to puke but fought the urge to do so. Tyrone took out his knife and cut off some more of my fly line and tied my ankles together. He then tied my leash to my ankles forcing me to a crouching position. He then picked me up with his strong arms and carried me to the trunk of his car where he deposited me. He demanded, "Thank me for the trouble I went through for you Carla." After the display of his ruthlessness that had cost me my teeth, I was terrified of what might happen if I displeased him. I said, "Than u thir." My tongue had still not regained full function and my bleeding gums made my words come out sounding like baby talk. By the trunk light he looked at his pitiful, toothless slave bitch and told me, "Carla, your poor scrotum is turning blue. I will soon have you in your new home sweety." He closed the trunk and I was left in total darkness wondering what more could happen to us. 

The car started up and I vaguely heard my truck start also. Then we were moving to where I didn't know. The bumpy road made my ride very uncomfortable, but as I was tied in a fetal position all I could was bear it. I hoped Mary was alright after her ordeal. Eventually the car stopped and Tyrone opened the trunk and picked me up. He carried me into an old barn where he set me down. He untied my ankles and stood me on my feet. He untied my hands and replaced the ropes with handcuffs. My arms had long since gone numb and hurt as the blood returned to them. He led me to a stall and locked me inside of it. He told me, "You will sleep here tonight Carla, perhaps we may let you into the house tomorrow. I asked him, "Pleth thir, can you take that nooth off my ballth? They are hurtin." Tyrone told me, "Relax Carla, that pain will go away. Try to get some sleep, tomorrow will be a busy day for you." He walked away leaving me in a horse stall with a straw covered floor. I lay on the straw and tried to sleep. 







Part 2 

The next morning, Ruby came and opened the stall. She greeted me saying, "Good morning Carla, I have brought you a bowl of gruel and I see I will have to feed it to you. Kneel and open your mouth dearie. I hadn't eaten since yesterday noon and quickly obeyed. She put a spoonful of the stuff into my mouth and I managed to swallow it. As she fed me she chatted away. "I'm sorry you didn't listen to me about obeying, but some people have to learn the hard way. They now own you and will do with you whatever they want. You should have cheerfully sucked off Tyrone. If you had you would still have your teeth. You are now just a toy to them honey, a pet." I was wolfing down the mush as fast as she fed me. When she finished feeding me, she told me, "I will bring Mary to visit you and help me shave you before long." I stammered, "Thave me?" She smiled and said, "The men said that body hair is for Men, not bitches so you will be completely hairless sweety, like me and Mary." She lifted her skirt and told me, "Now you will pay for your breakfast by licking me off again Carla." I did what she wanted, knowing I was dependant on her for food. She was the only one who showed me the least bit of kindness. When she was satisfied, she left locking the stall door behind her. 

While I was waiting for Mary to show up, I had to defecate and did so in one corner of the stall feeling like an animal. I kicked some straw over it to hide my shame. Ruby and Mary came to my stall after a while carrying a razor, shaving cream and a bag of cosmetics. I was able to see with both eyes now although my right eye sported a shiner. When the stall was unlocked, Mary ran to me and hugged me close to her. She was also naked and I could see that her pubic region had been shaved smooth. They also rubbed my welt covered ass with some liniment to help it heal. She said, "You poor dear, they were so cruel to you. She kissed me and when her tongue entered my mouth she pulled back and exclaimed, "They pulled all your teeth out?" I answered, "Yeth." and started to cry. She hugged me again and whispered, "Do what they want dear, and things will go better for you. I pretend I like it." She and Ruby then proceeded to shave my body smooth. Mary said, "Your scrotum is turning black honey, better ask them to take that cord off as soon as possible." I already begged for that and Tyrone refused. As soon as my body was entirely hairless, even my moustache and goatee were gone, they started putting makeup on me. Bright red lipstick, eyeshadow and mascara left me looking very feminine. Mary kissed me and told me I looked sweet and the ladies left me locking the stall behind them. 

An hour or so passed before Tyrone and JJ came to my stall and opened the door. Tyrone said, "Good morning Carla, I trust you are now ready to obey without question the orders of your owners." I meekly told him, "Yes sir." He then said, "You must be quite thirsty my little pet." I answered, "Yes sir I am very thirsty." He told me, "Good, kneel and open your mouth wide and I will give you something to drink. I knelt in front of him with my mouth wide open then shuddered as he opened his fly. He urinated right into my mouth filling my mouth, then pinched off the stream to allow me time to swallow before refilling my mouth with his warm piss. When he was finished, he demanded, "Now say 'Thank you Master Tyrone.'." It made my blood curdle to say such a thing, but I feared what he might do if I disobeyed, so I said,"Thank you Master Tyrone." He laughed heartily and remarked to JJ, "This is the same haughty guy who refused to obey yesterday. Now she is a toothless, cocksucking pussy who drinks piss and will obey any order we give her." JJ agreed and suggested, "Let's double team the bitch, this time I get heads and you get tails." 

The two men lifted me to my feet and bent me over at the waist, JJ shoved his cock in my mouth as Tyrone shoved his big black cock up my ass. JJ held me by the ears and said, "Nice to know there will be no biting from Carla's mouth ever again." Tyrone complimented JJ for breaking my pussy in as well. I was shoved helplessly forward and back as the two big men got a rhythm going. JJ demanded, "Look into my eyes as you suck me bitch, I want you to know who you are servicing." Tears streamed from my eyes as they assaulted me at both ends. When they were ready the shot their semen into me simultaneously. When they both pulled out of me I fell to the floor exhausted and well used. JJ grabbed my leash and forced me to my feet. He told Tyrone, "I think after such a good performance, Carla deserves some jewelry, don't you agree?" Tyrone replied, "Most certainly JJ, Lead the way." 

With JJ pulling on the leash, I had no choice but to follow closely behind him. I had swallowed JJ's load, but the stuff Tyrone had shot inside of me was leaking out of my well stretched anus. He led me to the workshop where he tied my leash to the anvil. He told me, "What we are going to do to you will hurt you some, if you want to avoid that, all you have to do is pull hard enough to rip your nuts off and you can make a run for it. I will count to ten to give you time to decide." Even a slight tug hurt like hell, there was no way I could force myself to castrate me. When JJ got to ten, and I was still standing there, he smiled and said, "Carla, I am really pleased that you desire to stay with us." He took a ring put it in a pair of hog ring pliers and forced it through my nose between both nostrils. "Very nice, it is suitable for a pig like you." It hurt terribly but there was nothing I could do but stand there crying. He repeated the same procedure putting rings through both earlobes. He then tweaked my nipples to get them hard and standing out and forced rings through them as well. Tyrone complimented him saying, "Very nice work JJ. It makes Carla look pretty. Just a few more finishing touches and she will be perfect." Tyrone then took a bigger ring and squeezed in place just below the noose of my leash making it even tighter than the noose itself. He took a smaller ring and forced it through the skin of my penis, just below the head. Tyrone explained, "With that in place she will never be able to fuck anything again, not that is a possibility anyway. She is now a bitch to be fucked." 

JJ took a knife and cut the fly line that had been imprisoning my testicles. He asked Tyrone, "Shall we remove the handcuffs now? Our bitch is going nowhere anyway." Tyrone took out the key and removed the handcuffs letting my arms fall free. They made me thank them for my pretty jewelry and again for removing the handcuffs. JJ then fastened cowbells on the nipple rings, the earrings and the ring on my penis. He explained, "This way we will know where you are Carla. Now jog to the house, we will follow you." 
As I trotted to the house, the cowbells made music, the loudest coming from the biggest one attached to the end of my penis. When we got to the house Tyrone opened the door and led me inside. They were all in the kitchen, dining area seated at the table, except Mary who was standing naked and sporting new nipple rings. She was shocked by my appearance, but gave me a warm smile. Jake told Tyrone and JJ, "Pull up some chairs, Mary was just fixing us some lunch." He then told Mary, "Put some of that mush in a bowl on the floor for the bitch, she can eat it like the animal she is." I stood there feeling very humiliated by both my appearance and the treatment I was receiving. He looked at me and told me, "You heard me Carla, down on all fours and eat without using your hands. You better eat it all since I don't know when I will feel like feeding you again." I crawled on hands and knees over to the bowl and began lapping up the cold watery oatmeal. They all laughed as I had to follow the bowl as it moved across the slick linoleum floor. I had to get my face right down in the doggy dish to eat it all and lick the bowl clean. By the time I finished eating my face was covered with the stuff. When they noticed that, it brought another burst of laughter from all of them including Mary. Jake called out, "Here Carla come quick." I scurried to him as fast as I could manage on hands and knees the cowbells clanking all the way. 

When I had crossed the room to get to Jake, he commanded, "Sit up and beg pretty like a good bitch Carla." I knew the position he wanted me in and sat up with my front paws raised. He swung his chair around, pulled out his cock and pissed all over my face rinsing off the remaining food there. He roared with laughter at his display of control over me. Then he said, "Good girl Carla. Now get up, get a mop and bucket and clean up your mess." As I mopped the floor Jake was saying, "Hard to remember that this toothless bitch is the same person that refused to obey me yesterday evening. Now she is a two hole slut and Mary a three hole one. You see what a little motivated instruction can accomplish." When I had put the mop and bucket away and returned for further orders Jake told Ruby, "Get the bitch some shoes, some nice open toed heels that will show off her painted toenails." She stuck one finger in my nose ring and led me upstairs. 

Ruby led me first to the bathroom and washed off my face. She told me, "You are doing well Carla. I know they strip you of any pride and want to make you a mindless, obedient slave, but if you have any chance of living through this, you must do whatever they demand." She then took me to her bedroom and into her closet. She selected a pair of 4" spike heeled shoes with open toes and forced them onto my feet. They were too small by a size or two, but they were now on my feet. She told me, "When you walk in heels, put a nice wiggle in your ass Carla, the men will love it." She had me walk back and forth across the room which was difficult for me. It was like walking on my tiptoes. When I walked with a wiggle, the cowbell attached to my penis clanged away merrily. The weight of that constantly hanging there caused me pain, which I suppose was the intended purpose. When she was satisfied that I could manage to walk in those heels, she led me back downstairs. When I strutted back into the room where everyone else was, Mary was on her knees sucking on Jake's cock. He pushed her away and stood up with his huge erect penis standing out in front of him. 

Jake said, "Frank you and I are the only two men who haven't used the bitch yet. I'll fuck her first and then it will be your turn." Frank nodded his approval. Jake told me, "Bend over the table Carla and spread your legs and use your hands to spread your ass cheeks for me." I answered, "Yes Master Jake sir." I bent over the table, spread my legs wide and reached back and spread my ass cheeks. He said, "Good girl Carla. Now Mary come over here and guide my cock into this slut. Marry got off of her knees saying, "Yes darling." She took his big cock in her small hand and guided it to my anus, which was still stretched out from this morning's rape. Jake rammed it right in and told me I could use my hands to brace myself. He fucked me vigorously causing all my cowbells to clatter. I was moaning like a slut for him. When at last he had his orgasm, the penis cowbell was swinging in a big arc clanging loudly. He slapped me on my sore ass and pulled out saying, "You make a good fuck Carla." He no sooner pulled out when Frank shoved himself inside of me and continued the clanging of the cowbells. He also was very rough with me to make sure I knew I was being used not made love to. 

When at last Frank finished his rape of my poor ass and pulled out, Jake told Mary, "Come here Mary and shove your hand up her gaping pussy. I want you to fist fuck this slut. You won't need any lube as Frank and I have already supplied more than enough. Mary sounded cheerful when she replied, "Yes Jake darling." That traitorous bitch was calling him darling! She started by jamming two fingers in my gaping hole and soon added more until her whole hand was inside of me. Jake told her, "Good job, now make a fist in there and fuck her with it. My god, it was big inside of me and even worse, she started pushing her fist in and out a few inches at a time until half of her forearm was inside of me. Despite the pain, my penis was dribbling precum. Never in my wildest imagination had I ever dreamed such a thing would happen to me. Jake told her, "That's the way Mary, keep those bells ringing" He kissed her as she kept abusing my innards. He kept her at it until I finally shot a dribble of semen on the floor. When she pulled out with a loud plop, her hand was covered with fecal matter, semen and blood. My anus had torn and was now a gaping bloody hole. I was weeping openly from the pain and the terrible degradation of being so horribly abused. Jake handed Mary a rag and told her, "Pack that pussy tight with this. Since she was so reluctant to give it up, I want it kept stretched wide open. Every day you will fist fuck Carla again for me. Before long she will beg you to do it." Mary told him, "Anything you want darling will be my pleasure." I knew she was cooperating with him to save herself the torments I was suffering, but still felt betrayed by her. She unlike me still had her teeth and only nipple rings. When she was finished stuffing that rag inside my ass Jack told me,"Congratulation Carla, you are now a girl on the rag." Mary asked Jack, "Should Carla's scrotum be black like that?" He told her, "Of course Mary, Tyrone wants it like that. That condition should take care of itself in a week or two." 

Tyrone grabbed my nose ring and pulled my head and body around to face him. He asked, "Do you want to suck my cock Carla?" I was totally defeated now and meekly said, "Yes Master Tyrone, I would love to suck your magnificent cock." He replied, "I knew you would bitch, get to it." I took his cock in my hands and respectfully kissed the head then took it into my mouth. As I sucked and slurped away, Tyrone said, "That warm, toothless mouth feels so good Carla I will reward you by letting you sleep with me tonight." He then positioned my head so that his cock had a straight shot down my throat and began fucking my throat. I gagged and choked but was held in place by his grip on my nose ring. My nose got buried in his dense pubic hair with each thrust when his cock went deep in my throat. He was standing still and pushing me forward and backward, basically jacking himself off using my throat instead of his hand. After what seemed an eternity he ejaculated down inside of my throat, but kept holding me in position long after I thought he would release me. When his cock softened sufficiently, he pissed down my throat. I had no choice but to swallow it as fast as I could. Despite my best efforts, some urine dribbled down my chin. When he finally withdrew from my throat and I was able to stand up I heard my stomach slosh. Tyrone told me, "You are a good pet Carla, go lay down in the corner by your food dish and try to sleep some. You will get little sleep tonight." I was happy to obey that order as I was exhausted and hurting all over. I curled up in a fetal position and was soon asleep. 

The noise created by the people eating supper and chatting awakened me and I lifted my head to see what was going on. Jack threw a hunk of steak at me saying, "I know you can't chew it, but get it in your mouth and gum it. No hands allowed bitch." I went on hands and knees and sucked it into my mouth and savored the taste and smell of meat. I used to love meat and now was reduced to eating only mush. I munched on it with my gums, but merely got some juice from the morsel. I sat like a dog and worked on that morsel all the while they ate. Jack finally told me to spit out what was left and when I did, he was pleased to see that it was it's former size. He said, "I guess you will have to live on mush, come and urine Carla. Sorry, but that's how it is." I knew he was right and that made his words all the more hurtful. My protein would come from the cock of a man from now until I could get some dentures. I would have to try to get as much of it as I could to maintain my health. A guy can't survive on mush and soup alone. 

That night I spent in bed with Tyrone. He told me to hold his cock in my mouth while he slept. I had to stay awake for fear it would fall out. Until yesterday afternoon I never dreamed I would have a cock in my mouth and now here I was mouthing one all night, hoping he would wake up and make me suck him off. My head was between his thighs as he lay on his side. I knew I had to defecate, but with that rag stuffed up my rear, it was impossible. The liquid diet I was on was giving me diarrhea and causing me stomach cramps. It was still hard to believe that my loving wife had fist fucked me like I was a whore, but indeed she had done so. Things between us would never be like they were as she now considered me a wimp. I felt very trapped and sorry for myself. Early in the morning, Tyrone awoke, patted me on the head and told me, "Good girl Carla, you kept my cock warm and cozy all night. You may now suck me off." I immediately started licking the underside of his cock while I sucked on it. He just lay there letting me suck him off, knowing it was his right to do so. When he came in my mouth I quickly swallowed his semen and said, "Thank you Master Tyrone for letting me suck your cock sir." He smiled and remarked, "So you love sucking cock now my little slut, I knew you would learn to crave it. Now take it back in your mouth and receive my morning piss. I had to obey the man. I took his softening cock with my hand and put it in my mouth so he could relieve himself. It was strong and plentiful, but by squeezing his cock when my mouth was full, it gave me time to swallow it before releasing more. He told me, "You make a good slave bitch, I'm glad I found you." I knew he meant it. 

While Tyrone got dressed, I asked him, "Please Master Tyrone, May I remove the rag from my ass? I really need to use the bathroom now." He was feeling magnanimous and told me, "Yes Carla, but rinse it out and put it back in yourself." I scurried to the bathroom, those damned cowbells clanging all the way. It hurt when I pulled the rag out of my ass and i had to quickly sit on the potty as the watery shit poured out of me. I flushed the toilet, then rinsed out the bloody rag in the stool and wrung it out. I then had the distasteful chore of shoving the entire thing back up my ass again. Just as I finished, Mary came into the bathroom. She told me that she had been screwed by both Jake and JJ. I asked her, "May I please suck their cum from you Mary? I need it to survive. She smiled and told me, "Yes, but first you must kiss my fist and tell me you love it." Damned woman was now making conditions for me to lick her pussy. I knelt and kissed her fist then said, "I love your fist Mary." She said, "I'm glad you do Carla, it will make love to you daily from now on. You may now suck the cum out of me. I put my mouth to her pussy and sucked the cum from her and then licked her clit until she had an orgasm. She told me, "Thanks babe, that felt good. I shall save all the cum I get for you now." She wiggled her fist at me and said, "See you later Carla." She sat on the potty and I left the room. 

I walked downstairs carefully wearing my heels, bells and nothing else. At the bottom of the stairs, I met Frank. I said, "Good morning Master Frank. May I suck you off this morning?" He chuckled and asked, "So now the bitch is begging to suck cock?" I blushed and answered, "Yes sir, I am begging." He said, "Go ahead Carla, I give you permission." While I was on my knees sucking him, he told me, "One of these days I am going to fist you myself and I won't be nearly as gentle as Mary. I may even have you fucked by some of my pigs although they will probably kill you and eat you." Even the thought of his big fist up my ass was terrifying, but pigs? I would have to escape somehow before that happened. After he shot into my mouth, I swallowed it all greedily and said, "Thank you Master Frank." He said, "You are pathetic bitch, Go outside and do 50 jumping jacks while I watch you. I want those bells to keep ringing slut." 

I went out in the yard and started doing jumping jacks which were very difficult wearing high heel shoes. I counted each one as I did them. The cowbells were clanging away all the while. When I got to 39, I twisted my ankle and fell on the ground. Frank came over to me and said, "You aren't finished yet Carla, I said 50." I told him, "But Master Frank, I twisted my ankle and can not stand on it." He grabbed my nose ring and said, "Then you will crawl back to the house like the pig you are." He led me back into the house by my nose ring. Crawling through the mud on all fours I felt like a pig and looked like one too by the time we got to the house. Frank told me, "Sorry piggy, you can't come in the house like that, take that hose and wash yourself." He went inside leaving me behind. I turned on the hose and washed the mud off of me with the ice cold well water. I was shivering but clean when I entered the house. My ankle was already swelling badly. Just when my balls had stopped aching, I had sprained my ankle. 

When I crawled into the kitchen Mary was fixing bacon and eggs for the rest of the people. They kept her naked too, but she seemed cheerful as she worked. She held a piece of raw bacon in front of my face and said, "Here's a treat you can eat bitch. Open your mouth." I opened wide and she dropped it into my mouth. I worked on it with my gums and finally was able to swallow it mostly whole. She was treating me like a dog. Jake asked me, "Would the bitch like a warm meal this morning?" I said, "Yes Master Jake, that would be delightful." He got out a box of corn flakes poured some into my doggy dish then pissed on them. He commanded, "Eat them while they are still warm Carla." They all laughed as I lapped them up. Like an animal that never knew when his next meal would come, I ate at every opportunity. The soggy cornflakes were easy to swallow even without chewing. I needed the sustenance even though eating this mess demeaned me further. Unable to use my hands, my face wound up covered with the remains of my meal. While they ate a hearty, delicious breakfast I sat on my haunches watching and envying them. I decided to try begging at the table like any other dog. I went to the table and sat up with my paws raised by each person. JJ fed me part of an egg, Frank shoved a piece of toast in my mouth. Jake slapped my nose and told me, "Don't beg at the table, you will eat what I feed you if any thing at all. Go lay down in the corner bitch." As I curled up in the corner, Jake was telling Frank, "As long as Carla has to crawl for a long time, might as well give her paws for hands. Take care of that for me after breakfast." Frank replied, "Trust me, I will see to it." Take away the use of my hands? They were turning me into an animal more and more. There was nothing I could do to prevent it either. They now owned me, and knew it. 

After they finished eating breakfast, Frank snapped a leash on my nose ring and led me crawling behind him to the workshop in the barn. I asked him, "What are you going to do to me Master Frank?" He slapped my ass and snarled, "Bitches don't speak unless told to do so. Until you can walk, you will say nothing, only whine or bark. One word from that mouth of yours and I will cut your tongue out. If you understand me, say woof." I said, "Woof." He patted me on the head and said, "Good dog." He had me make fists with my hands and then using lots of duct taped them tightly closed. He then took some hunks of leather and taped them on my fists and knees. He also taped up my swollen ankle for me. Frank was joined by JJ who laughed at my new status. JJ said, "Hell, I brand my livestock." Frank grinned and said, "Be my guest my friend." My eyes pleaded with him not to brand me, but I dared not speak. Losing my teeth was bad enough, without also having my tongue cut out. He tied my nose ring to the anvil to hold me in place. He then heated a piece of wire with a torch until it was red hot, showed it to me saying, this will hurt you more that it will me Carla. He then pushed it on my right ass cheek. The pain was incredible and the smell of burning flesh was horrible. I nearly passed out but my nose ring kept me in my place. He wrote the word bitch on my right ass cheek. I was marked for life! Branded like a steer. JJ then grabbed my balls and sliced them off of me. He showed them to me and said, "They would have fallen off by themselves in a day or two, I just sped things up. You are now a branded steer Carla. You will never be a man again." He shoved the bloody things in my mouth. Where my scrotum had been was now bleeding so he heated a putty knife with the torch and cauterized the wound. I passed out from the pain and lay with my head up attached to the anvil by my nose ring. When I awoke, Frank untied me from the anvil and chased me back to the house with a cattle prod. I crawled as fast as I could go on my hands and knees because whenever I slowed down slightly, that cattle prod shocked me and reminded me that I had better keep going. I had to spit out my testicles to be able to breathe fast enough. By the time we got to the house, I was gasping for air and my tongue was hanging out. 

Frank herded me into the house and told the others what they had done to me. The weight of those cowbells hanging from my nipples for the last few days had caused them to lengthen considerably and they hurt constantly. The big cowbell handing from my penis was even worse. Mary came to me and petted my head saying, "It's ok Carla, you were never that great a lover anyway." I hate hearing her say that, but said nothing, just whimpered. My system had endured too much today, and I was totally exhausted. I crawled to my corner and curled up to sleep. 

They let me sleep for a few hours, before Jake kicked me awake and told me, "Get up bitch, it's time for your daily fucking." I got up on all fours knowing these people were capable of anything. Jake told me, "Put your snout on the floor bitch." I obeyed. He called Mary over and had her pull the rag out of my ass. He then had her dip her hand in the Crisco can and told her, "Now fuck her with your fist dear." She worked two fingers then eventually her whole hand inside of me. She then made a fist and rammed it in and out of me vigorously for a long time. I was crying silently and whimpering openly. Eventually she tired of doing that and asked me if I had enough fucking to satisfy me. I meekly said, "Woof." She pulled her arm out of me, and I lay there exhausted and sore head on the floor and ass in the air. 

Jake got a hot green pepper, cut a few slits in it and handed it to Mary telling her, "This will spice up Carla's sex life. Shove that up her ass." Mary took the pepper and shoved it inside my gaping asshole, pushing it quite far up me. She then took a clean rag and stuffed up in my ass. The burning inside of me started instantly. I reared up and tried to use my paws to pull the rag out so I could expel the pepper, but without fingers all I managed to do was scrape against my fresh brand causing myself more pain. I howled out with pain and crawled in little circles. Jake grabbed me by the nose ring to stop me and told me, "Enjoy the pain bitch. I enjoy watching you suffer." He held me in place for a few minutes then raised me to my knees and made me suck him off even with my ass squirming and burning up inside. When he came in my mouth, I greedily swallowed it all and thanked him for his gift. He told me. "If you had been a willing bitch, you would have saved yourself a lot of suffering, but because you resisted we had to break you clear down to an animal Carla. Now go beg for more cum from the rest of the people." 

The rest of the day I spent crawling from person to person begging them to give me more cum. I had been mutilated and totally broken in spirit in a very short time. I was a pitiful wretch begging for cum from people I would never have even spoken to in my former life. The internal inferno continued, although somewhat abated, throughout the day. I had done nothing to these people and couldn't understand why they took such joy in torturing a total stranger. I was powerless to resist whatever they wanted to do to me. I knew they could kill me and nobody would ever know. I had to submit to them and hope that they would some day release me. If they did, I could have these damned rings removed and get a set of dentures, but there was nothing I could do to replace my gonads. I was to be a eunuch for the rest of my life. 

Tyrone and Ruby were going to town to get more groceries and asked Jake if he had any thing he wanted to add to the list. He told them, "Pick up a couple of cases of Alpo for our pet." Dog food, they were going to feed me dog food? I suppose it would be better than urine soaked corn flakes. I had to try to stay alive even as grim as my future was. If they ever released me, where would I go? What would I do? No woman would ever want a freak like me. 



Part 3 

After a month had passed, my ankle had healed enough to allow me to stand upright again, although it had healed badly and I walked with a definite limp. They had given me back the use of my hands and had finally removed those damned cowbells from my rings. I was kept in a diaper and in heels and still had to beg for cum from everybody. Mary could now fist fuck me without lubricant as my asshole was greatly enlarged. My scarred area from where my scrotum had been removed had healed and so had my branded ass cheek. I still ate dog food from a dish on the floor, but remained surprisingly healthy considering my diet and the abuse I had suffered. They had been lacing my food with female hormones since the first day without my knowledge and I now was developing breasts and my hips had widened. 

They now had me doing all the cooking and housework for them as well as my sexual chores. Mary was now allowed to wear clothes and was a full fledged member of their group. She alternated bed partners every night. The men left occasionally for a few days, but the women were just as cruel to me when they were away. Ruby called me her lesbian lover and had me sleep with her during those times. I had to change my diaper frequently since my sphincter muscles were long since broken and I could not control my bowel movements. I had to wash my diapers and hang them out to dry. I still was kept hairless, but the need to shave myself was very much reduced. The hormones had reduced my hair grown to almost nothing now. 

It was nearing the middle of August when one day Mary came to me while I was washing some of my diapers, Mary came to me and said, "Carla I want to talk to you about our future. They had fully intended to kill both of us when they tired of tormenting us, but I ingratiated myself with then and I think they will let us go. I have convinced them to let you live and go free. They want me to stay here, but I told them I have a career and need to go back to it. I had to come up with a plan that made them feel safe letting us go free. I had them tape you going around begging for cum, and signed 3 checks to them supposedly paying them for training you to be a slave bitch. You will have to sign a paper granting them license to use you as they wish and telling them that you want to be castrated." I told her, "I can't sign that, I want them all in prison for what they did to me." She coldly told me, "Then they will have to kill you Carla." 

Mary told me, "I still care for you, but you must understand that they have shown me an exciting new way of life. I have learned to love sex and I now need it hard and often, You have become very good at doing oral sex on me and I like that a lot. But I need what you can no longer give me. If I take you home, you will be the housewife and I the breadwinner. You will continue being subservient to me and the lovers I will have. I told her, "I also have a teaching career and I want to go back to it." She asked me, "As what? You wearing diapers and a dress teaching high school kids? Get real Carla, you are no longer going to live as a man." I knew she was right and yet it still hurt to hear her say that. 

She told me, "If you are willing to be a submissive girl, I will treat you well and you will live. If you choose to be stubborn, they will kill you and nobody will ever know." I told her, "I want to live Mary and know I can never make it on my own in the world as I am now. Will you at least get me some dentures so I can eat like a human again?" She told me, "Yes Carla, I will do that for you, but I insist that you obey me and any lover I may have. When we are alone we will be loving to each other, but when a man is in the house, you will be the submissive slave you have been trained to be. You will continue taking female hormones and dress like a woman, I will still give you the only orgasm like pleasure you can have now by fisting you regularly and you will pleasure me orally whenever I wish. Does that sound like something you can live with Carla?" I meekly said, "Yes Mary, I will be a good wife to you." She kissed me on the cheek and told me, "Very well, I will work out the details with the others so we can go home." She left me to resume washing my diapers. 

A full week later, Mary came to me and handed me a bra, panties and a dress. She told me, "Put these on Carla. You are about to start your new life." I was delighted to have something to cover my naked body at last and was surprised that the large pair of rubber panties she gave me fit over my diaper. The bra also fit my growing bosom. The dress also fit although it was shorter than I would have liked. Mary made me put on makeup and fix my hair in pigtails. She complimented me by telling me, "You look pretty Carla and I will be happy to have you as my girl." I knew that she still cared for me and had worked hard to save my life. I would serve her well and do whatever she wanted to show my gratitude. 

Mary was wearing a pair of jeans and one of my shirts and her hiking boots. She had me put all of my diapers into a plastic trash bag which she slung over her shoulder and then led me downstairs. Everyone was waiting for us in the living room. Tyrone said, "Carla you have learned to obey without question or hesitation, but we have one final test for you. There is a turd of mine floating in the toilet. You will pick it up and bring it here." I replied, "Yes Master Tyrone.", and hurried to carry out my task. When I looked in the bowl of the toilet, there was indeed a large turd floating there. I picked it up and carried it with both hands back to show them. Frank said, "Good girl Carla, now eat it for us." I was so close to escaping this hell hole that I had to obey them. I pushed the horrible thing into my mouth and gummed it until I was able to swallow it piece by piece. Ruby was standing behind Tyrone and gave me the ok sign. Tears of shame were running down my cheeks but I gave them a big toothless smile. 

Tyrone then put a pillowcase over my head and tied it in place. He then handcuffed my hands behind my back. They led me to our camper and loaded me in the back where he tied my feet together and tied them to my handcuffs leaving me laying on my stomach in a hogtied position. He explained his actions by telling me, "Mary has the key to the cuffs, she will release you this evening when you are far from here. I know you will never forget us girl, but look at all the new skills you now have. He laid my wallet on the floor beside me and then left closing and locking the door behind him. The truck started and we began to move. 

Mary drove for the rest of the day before stopping for the night. When she came back into the camper, she took off the pillow case and I could see it was dark outside. She untied my legs and removed the handcuffs. She told me, "Take a shower and rinse the shit taste out of your mouth Carla, then you can start making supper for us." I replied, "Yes Mary we are free of them at last." She said, "Yes at least until next summer. I promised them we would spend that with them again." I asked incredulously, "You want us to go back there?" She snapped back at me, "Yes Carla, I do. They were cruel to you, but I got lots of great sex from both the men and women there and I want to have that again." 

I made Mary a nice steak and I had soup and bread. While I cleared the table and did the dishes, Mary played games on her laptop computer. Our roles had been completely reversed. She was the one with the power and I was submissive to her. When the dishes were done, she had me get under the table and perform oral sex on her while she played games and sipped on a glass of wine. When she was fully satisfied, she told me to get ready for bed, I crawled into be naked except for my diaper and rubber panties. She crawled in naked beside me, kissed me lightly on the forehead and went to sleep. 

Part 4 

Once we got back into our own home, Mary got me some more skirts and dresses to wear at the Goodwill store. She also got me fitted with a set of dentures so I was able to eat solid food again. When I asked her to please have those damned rings removed from my body, Mary said, "No Carla, I like them on you and they will keep you humble and compliant." so I had to wear them at least until she changed her mind. She reminded me who was now in charge in our house and told me that if I didn't like that arrangement, I could leave. My once loving wife had turned into a tyrant. 

Mary resumed her teaching career at the high school and I became her housewife. Each night after she came home from work she would eat the supper I had made for her and then go on her computer to an adult chat line where she would find prospective lovers for herself. By the end of her second week back to school she told me, "I have a man coming here tonight to make love to me. Give me your teeth Carla. You will wear that cute maid's outfit and be our maid." I asked, "Is that necessary Mary?" She snapped back at me, "I want it that way and so it shall be. When he is here you will call me Mistress." I handed her my dentures and she locked them in her strongbox. She informed me, "I have seen his pictures and he has seen mine. I have told him you were a toothless cock sucker and he seemed delighted to hear that. You will obey him as you have been trained to do." I meekly replied, "Yes Mistress." 

That same pattern was repeated weekly, sometimes Mary had a female lover come over, but mostly men. Regardless of the sex of her lover, I was always their maid and sex toy. The men all had me suck them and the ladies all had me do oral on them. All of Mary's lovers loved having a sissy slave serve them as much as they enjoyed the sex with Mary herself. They all thought my nose ring especially useful. The males automatically became Master when they entered our house and the ladies Mistress. 

Monday evenings Mary would give back my dentures unless I had somehow displeased her in which case I would have to eat mush while she had regular food. I had become little more than a slave for her. Whenever she demanded it, I would do oral sex on her and she still liked fisting me roughly. I came to look forward to her fisting sessions as they were the closest thing to an orgasm as I could have now. I had no money of my own only a charge card to use at the grocery store when I bought groceries for us. Mary made the money and controlled it fiercely. I had to ask her for anything I needed and would only get it if she decided I could. When she shopped for herself, she bought nice things, but she bought me clothes she got them as cheaply as she could. Only the maid's outfit I wore when she had a lover over was the only nice thing I had to wear and it was short and revealing. If I were to bend over my panties would show. 

We had legally changed my name to Carla and acquired a new drivers license with my new picture on it. Carl no longer exists. I am now Carla for the rest of my life. A few of Mary's lovers would drop by when she was at work, use me then leave. I was not allowed to refuse them anything they wanted. I had become a total slut to be used by anybody. My once happy life had been totally ruined. My college education now meant nothing, only the training I had gone through at the farm was needed in my life as Carla. 
















Review This Story
 || Email Author:  FourPlay


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





