BDSM Library - Jane`s eye opener




Jane`s eye opener
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Jane discovers something she never thought possible in her own house.






Jane`s eye-opener.

This is a work of pure fiction. Any resemblance to anyone, or actual events, is pure concidence.



Jane slipped in the door, tired after a long day of work. She happily accepted the glass of red wine from her roomate, Carla, before retiring to her room to change, relax, play on the internet and possibly read. Jane had just started a new romance novel, and was considering knocking off a few more chapters. However, she had barely covered a chapter when she began to feel very drowsy. "Just for a minute" she said as she put her head down. The world faded to black as she fell into a deep sleep.

Jane awoke, but the world remained dark. She tried to sit up, but realised she was already sitting, possibly in a chair. She tried to stand, but it felt like she was tied down. Her hands were pulled tight behind her back. As panic began to build, she realised she couldn`t even scream, as a large ball between her lips prevented it. She gave her bonds an experimental pull, and then discovered she was tied tight. Wherever she was, there was no escaping this. 

Voices? Or was her mind playing tricks? No, definitely voices. Hushed, quiet.... whispering. What was happening? Had Jane been kidnapped? Why didn`t anyone try to help? Karen? Carla, her roomates? What had happened to them?

Almost as if they knew what she was thinking, the blindfold was removed from Jane`s eyes. The sight in fromt of her made her gasp with shock through her gag.

Karen and Carla. She was in Karen`s room. There they stood, looking at her. They.... they had done this to her. But why? Why would they be so cruel?

Karen leaned in, close to Jane`s face.

"I suppose you`re wondering what is going on here, eh?"

Karen, a petite blond, just over 4' tall, didn`t have to stoop much. Her slim athlethic figure gave her the look of being mighty, although she was short.

Her counterpart, Carla, stood 5' 6, built the same, but with wider hips and longer blonde hair. She had to bend considerably more than Karen to look Jane in the eye.

"We know you`ve been working a lot, and that you haven`t had a man in a while, and that you`ve been burying yourself in trashy novels and internet chat..... we thought tonight we would invite you to our world, give you something real to think about."

Real? The word lingered in Jane`s brain as she tried to take in the rush of emotions flooding over her. She had been single for a while...&nbsp; she had been looking up some internet sites she wouldn`t normally... and yes, her vibrator had been going through batteries..... but nothing that needed an intervention!

Of course, it was a one-sided conversation, as the gag in her mouth prevented any reply. 

Karen spoke again. "We know you have been looking for porn, and we know that you have been lonely..... so we decided to show you how we cope with single life...."

Carla chimed in. "We`ve always been close, Karen and I. Went to school together. Work in the same field, even at the same company a few years ago. Same friends, same enemies..... but we discovered something else we really like, and we think you would like it too. Of course, it was too awkward to talk about, and I knew you`d take that glass of wine without hesitation......"

This was a set-up! Jane`s mind raced. What are they going to do?

Karen and Carla turned to face each other, and Carla lowered herself down. They wrapped their arms around each other and engaged in a long, passionate kiss. Their hands began to explore each other`s bodies......&nbsp; breasts, backs, bums... they broke the kiss and Carla reached down and peeled off her shirt.

Her breasts were contained in her white lacy bra, and her nipples pressed against the fabric. Karen`s shirt was soon after, exposing a green and white bra. 

Carla removed her bra, and her 36B breasts fell free. She moved over to the bed, and laid down, in full view of Jane. 

Karen turned to the bound woman. "You know, we`re close, but we`re not lesbians. Just bi. And not with anyone, just with each other, at least so far. They say you should marry your best friend. We don`t want to marry, but we sure enjoy playing!"

Karen walked to the bed, and laid down beside her friend. Taking a breast, she began to lick, and tease.... Carla moaned as the sensation ran through her body.

It didn`t take long, and Carla was in full arousal mode. Karen alternated breasts, licking, teasing with her fingers, touching, playing......&nbsp; Carla`s moans became louder and louder, and Jane wondered if this was the noise she could hear some nights...... she had thought it was the neighbours.

Carla reached down and undid her jeans...... grabbing them at the hips, she raised her ass and slid them off. Her hand instinctively went inside her thong panties and Jane could see it as Carla found&nbsp; her clit.

Karen reached down and smacked Carla`s hand through her thong. "Oh no, you don`t....." she said, "that is for me to do for you."

Jane watched as Karen reached under the mattress and pulled out a black tether-like rope, and then another. Reaching between the bed and the wall, she found two more.

Carla instinctively turned herself on the bed, and obediently went to a spread-eagle position. Karen fastened her hands and feet securely.

"See", Karen said as she turned to Jane "I told you we were close"

Karen slid her jogging pants off, exposing dark blue shiny panties. She climbed up on the bed, between her best friend`s legs, and lowered her face to Carla`s crotch.

Jane could hardly believe her eyes as she watched her friend pull the panties aside, and her mouth descend onto another woman`s pussy.

Carla fought her bonds and moaned in exstacy as Karen worked magic on her sensitive clit. Carla`s body suddenly tensed, and she came hard - moaning and writhing, trying to work her pussy closer to the loving tounge.

Karen lifted her face, and crawled up the bed. She kissed Carla, deeply.... allowing her own juices to run onto her face. Karen then swung herself around, and straddled Carla`s mouth - her hand pulled her own panties aside, and she lowered herself down to Carla`s inviting tounge.

Jane was in shock watching her two best friends and roomates eat each other out. Even more shocking - Carla was tied down and helpless for it, just like her!

Karen didn`t take long to climax, her moans echoing in the room, her juices running down Carla`s face. Spent, she climbed down, and off the bed. The smell of arousal hung heavy in the room.

Karen didn`t waste any time, reaching under the bed and retrieving an old duffel bag. From it she removed a variety of objects - nipple clamps, gags, a paddle, a whip, 2 dildo`s, a large vibrator, a smaller dildo, handcuffs, rope.... 

Then Karen found the item she was looking for - a large black dildo with a strap-on attachment.

Jane was in awe. That thing was huge. She had been with men - but that thing scared her.

Karen walked over to Carla, who was breathing heavy and looked very horny.

"Do you want this inside you?" Karen asked.

Carla nodded.

"Do you want me to strap this on me and fuck you deep inside with it?"

Carla nodded harder.

"You know what I need to hear".

Carla spoke. "Mistress Karen, I need you to tie me down tighter. I need you to apply clamps to my tender and sensitive nipples. I need you to gag my slutty mouth with something big. And I need you to fuck me in my slutty pussy, with a big strap-on cock."

Jane`s head spun. Was this the girl she had known for years? She had never seen this side of her before. Was she really asking for all of those things?

Karen didn`t waste any time. She reached under the bed to presumably, adjust something...... Carla`s body tensed as the ropes holding her went very taut.

Karen grabbed a set of nipple clamps and affixed them to Carla`s erect nipples, before finishing her friend off with a black ballgag applied between her lips. It buckled behind her head, much like the one currently immoblizing Jane`s mouth.

Karen then lifted the strap-on to her hips, and buckled it behind. A third buckle went under her legs (Rubbing against her pussy, through her blue panties). Karen looked funny, as she walked to the bed and climbed on, with a large erection.

Karen pulled Carla`s thong aside, and pressed the head of the strap-on against Carla`s pussy. Carla moaned as the sensation shot through her.

Karen wasted no time sliding the giant toy inside. Carla`s well-lubed pussy accepted it easily, and her moans indicated it was hitting the proper spots.

Jane could hardly believe what she was seeing. She had watched some porn involving sex, but nothing like this! Her best friends, both girls, and they were having sex! Karen was thrusting and pumping her best friend!

Karen and Carla seemed to have forgotten about their bound and gagged roomate. Carla was moaning and screaming into her gag, and thrashing about as much as her limited mobility would allow. Karen seemed to have some practice with what she was doing, as she fucked Carla harder and harder, occasionally slowing down only to speed up more.

It didn`t take long for Carla to come, hard. She screamed and thrashed through her orgasm, before finally relaxing.

That didn`t stop Karen. She continued to relentlessly pound her roomate`s pussy with the large strap-on cock, quickly bringing her friend back to arousal and then back to the brink of orgasm.

When Carla came the second time, Jane thought she was going to break the bed, she was so tense and violent in her thrashing. It must have been an intense orgasm, because it lasted for what seemed like an eternity.

Karen withdrew, and climbed down from the bed. She removed the strap-on and tossed it to the side. Returning to Carla, she kissed and cuddled the blonde until her ragged breathing slowed to normal.

Karen untied Carla`s hands, and waited for her to untie her feet and remove the gag from her mouth. The rope lines were very visible on her ankles and wrists, and the gag left lines on her face.

The two blondes, clad only in panties, turned to look at Jane, and smiles crept across their faces.

"Your turn!"






Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Bone Head


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





