BDSM Library - The Prize




The Prize
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  Sam is the prize in a sex club raffle.






﻿Sam paced the floor, the diaphanous silk gown fluttering in the air as she walked. Tiny gold threads woven into the fabric glittered in the light as she walked to and fro. Her full breasts swayed gently, unrestrained by the flimsy fabric of the gown and her nipple rings gleamed and glinted as the polished gold scattered the soft light of the room. Her fiery red thatch of curls blazed at the apex of her thighs and her shapely legs flexed sensuously with each stride.

 

Master had told her that he had a surprise but, no matter how much she pleaded and cajoled, he would reveal no details.

 

“You'll see” he had said simply, with a smile.

 

Hearing the key in the lock she turned to face the door and knelt expectantly.&nbsp; The door opened and it was him; her breath caught in her chest, as it always did when she first saw him.&nbsp; Stepping to her, he took her hand and lifted her to her feet and embraced her warmly, kissing her tenderly. He lowered his face to lick around her engorged nipples and playfully catch the gold nipple rings in his teeth, tugging at each in turn.&nbsp; Her body shuddered and a soft moan escaped her ruby lips. 

 

Gazing into her icy blue eyes he slipped his hand between her thighs, teasing the dewy petals guarding her sex. She was already moist and her pink cleft was puffy and open as his finger probed. Supporting her back with a strong arm behind her waist, he soon had her writhing, begging for release.&nbsp; Moving his lips to her ear, he clamped his teeth sharply on her earlobe and whispered: “cum now.” A shriek of release cut the air as her thighs clenched tightly on his hand. Her body convulsed and a sob of release shook her to her core as he held her tightly.

 



He removed the gold rings from her nipples and replaced them with a pair of diamond tipped platinum studs with a tiny chain connecting them in a graceful shimmering arc.

 

"What have you planned to wear tonight?" he asked.

 

She showed him the clothing she had laid out but he told her to put them away. She gave him a puzzled look but began immediately to fold them and put them back in their place. He went into her closet and began to look through her wardrobe, selecting a black leather bustier with a deep plunging neckline and a matching, very short leather skirt.&nbsp; Going to her dresser, he next selected a pair of black fishnet stockings. He picked up a black thong then put it back down and closed the drawer. Finally he selected a pair of thigh-high, black leather boots with stiletto heels.

 

"No panties tonight" he said. "Your cunt will be exposed like the slut that you are."

 

He laughed at her blush and handed the clothes to her.

 

"You will be quite the sight tonight, darling, as we walk along the city streets. The men will leer with lust filled eyes and the women will glare with the look of loathing reserved for a rival they can never hope to match, knowing that their men would be powerless to resist your sexual appetite." he said as she began to dress.

 

At last she was ready to go, but he had one last surprise before leaving. She gasped and lifted her hand to her lips as he reached into his coat pocket to retrieve a collar, a leash and a pair of leather cuffs. The collar was black leather, about an inch wide with a large chrome buckle and chrome swiveling ring to which he had attached a 3 foot long black leather leash. The cuffs likewise were black leather with chrome buckles and swiveling rings to permit the attachment of various restraints. 

 

"Now," he said "we are ready for the evening."

 

They stepped out into the chill air to the sidewalk in front of her building. She, anticipating the arrival of a cab or limo, paused briefly, but he took a right turn and started down the sidewalk. The leash tightened and tugged gently at her neck. After a moment of confused reluctance, she followed obediently. This night he was showing her off; she was his trophy slut. 

 

They walked along the city street for several blocks. Each stare met by her haughty eyes; the men lusting for her and the women cowed by her overpowering sexuality. Her hips sway seductively and the exposed flesh of her breasts glowing in the glare of the streetlights. The platinum chain connecting her nipples glittered in the evening city lights as she walked a half pace behind her Master.

 

After a few minutes they arrived at the club; a place they visited often. At the door was an imposing man, at least 6'5" tall and in excess of 300 pounds; he immediately recognized them and stepped aside, holding the door open.

 

Inside conversation was buzzing as perhaps four dozen people were mingling, sipping drinks and engaging in conversation. At one end of the room was a stage with a cage in one corner where two very young women, no more than 19 or 20 years old, were gyrating to the rhythm of the music and flashing strobes. Their naked flesh glistened with sweet sweat as their bodies dipped and writhed to the driving beat. In front of the stage was a low padded platform. 

 

As she and her Master entered, the room quieted and every eye turned toward her. Gradually, as they greeted people and moved about the room, the conversation returned to normal but there was a sub-current of expectancy just beneath the surface.

 

The dancers were getting more suggestive as time passed; soon they were groping each other, and grinding their sweat slick bodies together. People began to pair off and move to the various couches and group seating areas around the perimeter of the room. The soft moans of sexual arousal replaced the beat of the music and the lights were dimmed. The dancers had ceased their gyrations and were locked in writhing passion as they enthusiastically pleasured each other.

 

She was getting very aroused but still they made no effort to join any of the couples or groups in their wanton sexual exercise. Instead they sipped their drinks and watched. After about an hour, the spotlight suddenly shone on the low platform in front of the stage. The stage was polished hardwood but the edges were padded and low padded benches were built in on three sides of the stage. The platform was padded and draped with a black satin sheet. The time had come; He lead her to the platform and ordered her to mount it. She stepped up, trembling, unsure of what was about to take place.

 

She soon learned that she was to be the featured attraction. The crowd murmured its approval as her Master unzipped and removed her bustier. Her slut-tits were thrust proudly outward and the diamond and platinum nipple jewelry glittered in the bright glare of the spotlight.

 

Her collar and chain leash would remain on her neck throughout the evening as a reminder that she was the property of her Master but there would be no limits or conditions other than those of her own making. She had&nbsp; been assigned a "safe word" to protect her from harm and all present knew to immediately cease if they they were to hear it, either from her or her Master. 

 

A wire mesh rotating drum had been rolled up to the side of the stage and the crowd had gathered round the small platform. Each guest had been given a ticket as they entered the club and the ticket stub was placed in the drum.&nbsp; She was to draw a ticket and the winner would have 15 minutes with her. The only stipulation was that they must remain on or around the stage and platform on which she was standing and they could invite no more than 2 others to join.

 

As she draw the first number she could see that the room was entirely dark except for the spotlight shining on her. The expectant crowd appeared only as shadowy outlines. She handed the ticket to her Master and knelt quietly on the small platform. Her Master called out the first number and a tall man stepped forward. Master compared the numbers and nodded his approval as the man knelt in front of her.&nbsp; 

 

He laid her back on the platform and pushed her knees apart, his face disappearing between her shapely thighs. She gasped and arched her back as his tongue began to eagerly lap at her cunt. She was very aroused, a large wet stain had appeared on the hem of her short skirt and on the sheet covering the platform where she was seated. The man lapped at her turgid clit and lifted her knees to her chest. His tongue was wicked, thrusting deep into her cunt, pummeling her clit, and probing her dark, tight anus. She moaned aloud and began to pull and twist the jeweled studs piercing her nipples. 

 

The man looked over his shoulder and nodded toward a woman who immediately stepped forward. She was a short, Rubenesque woman with large breasts and full hips. As she mounted the platform to straddle Sam's face Sam noted that she had shaved her cunt; it was open and very wet as she settled onto Sam's lips. At the same instant Sam felt a huge cock piercing her throbbing box. She moaned loudly and arched her back, thrusting her hips toward the man who was filling her so full. 

 

Sam's tongue lashed out at the slit and erect clit of the woman above her. The woman and her partner kissed and intertwined their tongues as Sam writhed beneath them. The woman began to grind her wet hole against Sam's mouth and Sam could taste the sperm of her previous lover. The man thrust hard and shoved his massive tool deep into Sam's cavern, then reached beneath to slip a long finger deep into her ass. Sam was aware of the crowd of spectators watching but her pleasure was rising and she began to thrash wildly; screaming curses and clawing the fleshy ass of the woman riding her face. 

 

The woman grunted and threw her head back. Sam felt a gush of girl-cum as the woman spasmed against her tongue. At the same time the man between Sam's thighs thrust hard, driving his fuck-pole into her ravaged cunt and unleashed a flood of hot sperm. After their spasms subsided, the woman stood and tapped her partner on the shoulder. He rose to move to Sam's side and hold his still dripping cock to her lips. She eagerly took it in and sucked him clean while his partner took his place and eagerly drank his sperm from Sam's full chalice. A soft "ding" signaled the end of the couple's time with Sam.

 

After a brief break for her to drink some water, Sam drew another number. This time a medium height woman sporting a large strap-on dildo stepped forward, followed by 2 men. Sam gazed at them with a look of haughty defiance. The woman picked up her leash and fingered the supple leather strap' nodding approvingly in Master's direction. He smiled and nodded in return.&nbsp; She understood that the leash is between Sam and Master, it was not hers to use. Sam was his and the woman was privileged to have the use of her for 15 minutes only.

 

The woman motioned to the 2 men and whispered instructions. They stepped to the stage, one sat on the edge, dangling his feet over the side. The other man sat on the low bench, his head and shoulders between the feet of the first man. The woman took Sam by the hand and lead her over to them. Each was leering at her and stroking his cock. The woman firmly pushed Sam toward them and instructed her to sit on the lap of one, letting his cock slip into her cunt while she took the other in her hungry mouth. The woman strutted around Sam, giving instructions and making Sam finger her strap-on and suck it. She ran the cold head of her rubber cock over Sam's nipples and tugged on the chain between them. Sam felt the first man place his hands on her head and force his cock deep into her throat. At the same time she was writhing with wanton lust on the penetrating pole that was pounding in her cunt. 

 

The woman lightly teased Sam's ass and the men's thighs with a suede flogger. At one point she grabbed Sam by her hair and pulled her mouth from the cock she was eagerly devouring. After lashing his erect cock and swollen balls the woman roughly pushed Sam's head forward; she gagged slightly as the rigid rod pushed into her throat.

 

Soon the man was thrusting into Sam's mouth and holding her head as his cum gushed down her throat. He fell back and Sam began to rise and fall on the cock that remained in her pussy. Soon she felt him begin to throb. The woman, seeing the orgasm in his eyes, ordered Sam to dismount and kneel. He then entered her from behind and began to fuck her furiously. Sam's orgasm approached but before it could happen, the man pulled his cock from her and aimed it at her round ass. With a couple of strokes of his hand thick ropes of sticky sperm splattered on Sam's ass, running into the crease, trickling around her cunt lips and dripping to the cushion below.

 

The man moved in front of Sam for her to lick his cock clean, leaving her frustrated cunt exposed to the watching crowd. The woman dismissed the men as she drew a cruel smile and began to finger her rubber cock. She thrust it into Sam's mouth; Sam recoiled at the bitter taste of rubber but there was no escape. The woman began to finger Sam's ass; Sam knew what was coming. Master could see the fear in her eyes but she defiantly refused to use the safe word. The woman knelt behind Sam and thrust the rubber phallus into her well fucked cunt while reaming her ass with the whip handle. Sam began to relax then cried out in tortured pleasure as The woman&nbsp; removed the rubber cock from Sam's cunt and shoved it to the hilt in her tightly puckered anus. Her tits heaved as the woman cruelly grasped Sam's hips and pounded relentlessly. Soon Sam relaxed and began to enjoy the sensations and even managed an orgasm while her ass and flanks were cruelly tormented by the flailing flogger. Sam was at the same time relieved and disappointed when the bell signaled the end of the allotted time.

 

Over the next several hours, Sam was used in every conceivable way by men and women, including a dildo-wearing man with a massive cock who relentlessly stretched both of her holes simultaneously. When the last person was finished, she just lay on the padded bench, too numb to move, her cunt and ass gaping wide and her body slick with the spendings of at least 20 men. Her tits were bruised and covered with bite marks and bright red stripes from various kinds of whips. After a brief rest and when the crowd began to thin out, Sam looked at Master and handed him the leather hand loop of her leash. 

 

Master lead Sam to the shower where he removed the leash but left the collar in place. They showered together and made love under the soothing hot stream. Afterward, he dried her body with a soft towel and dressed her in an elegant black dress. 

 

Taking Sam by the hand they returned to the main room where she received applause and the appreciative hugs and kisses of all.&nbsp; A curtain had been pulled across the room to conceal the stage and a large banquet table had been moved into place. Master and Sam were seated at the head of table and were served a gourmet breakfast.&nbsp; Topless waitresses and bottomless butlers attended to every need. When they walked out to return to Sam's&nbsp; apartment, the dawn was just beginning to paint the eastern sky a fiery red in honor of Sam's night of wanton and abandoned debauchery.

 

 



Review This Story
 || Email Author:   DesertWolfAZ


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





