BDSM Library -  your need, My whip




 your need, My whip
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  the meeting of two a Dom and a sub , and the story begins






your need , My whip 
by Midnytedreams

 I enter the shop and see that two woman are by themselves looking at the novelties and lingerie in the store, with the lone female cashier behind her counter. I walk up to the counter and tell her My name and ask 
"Has My package arrived yet ,&nbsp; I special ordered it"?. 
She looks on the computer and says.
"Yes Sir, if you will wait one moment I will get it".
She walks walks around the counter and into the back, and goes to gets it.
I wait and&nbsp; I feel the two womens eyes on Me, they have turned to the counter no longer looking at the leather outfits on display. I know they are curious to know what I bought. The salewoman appears from the back with My package lays it on the counter and says.
"Sir I must tell you,&nbsp; there is a no return policy on special orders".
 I nod and say.
"I will check it out before I pay the balance then".
 I reach down and open the box, the woman in the store crane to see what is inside,as I open the wrapping My new prize is before Mine and the cashiers eyes. I hear her gasp as her eyes travel back and forth on its length.Three feet long with wide leather straps ,thirty in all thick with a mother of pearl handle and a plate engraved and inbedded in the handle of silver Midnyte. I see the cashier's eyes as she looks upon it and can see the secret she holds within, I look from the box and straight into her eyes as I ask.
"Do you like it"?
I see her eyes cast downward as she barely speaks .
"Yes Sir" . 
My instinct was right submissive she is. I take the whip out of the box and grasp the length in both hands testing its measure. The ladies in the store look shocked as it is brought into their view. One woman's&nbsp; lip quivers as she asks.
"May I see it more closely"?
 I say.
"Come here".
They both as if hypnotized by the scene before them ,come closer slowly.The saleswoman is leaning against the counter , just watching. I watch her breathing increase and her face blush,as I stroke the length in my hand, checking each lash. I look over to her quickly and her eyes lower again. I hear her soft moan as her need increases. 
Both women have moved so they are beside me by the counter, I watch as one of the woman tentively reaches out to touch it. She strokes the leather in her hand and says.
"It looks so menacing, but its so soft almost like butter".
She looks to her female friend and she reaches out to touch the whip, she strokes the leather.As if the leather has burnt her hand she jerks it back, unable to deal with the feelings it stirs within her. Now both have touched it, as I say.
"To truely appreciate it.the lashes must be felt as they strike,on the bare skin".
I look over to the cashier , she seems deep within her own fantasies. I take the whip and strike my lower arm, it make a distinct sound as it lands, and wraps around my arm. I hear the women gasp, as it does, is the only thing heard in the store .The women look on as I extend my arm to the cashier and ask.
"Would you enjoy feeling the whip"?
She looks up as if snapped back to reality by my words. She looks shocked as my words are understood and taken in. Her eyes dart up to mine then to the women and she says.
"Sir No I would not like to feel that whip, and I take offense to you asking".
I say.
" I apoligize as I imagine your Master must have one such as this for you".
She bites her lip as a flush comes to her cheeks and says.
"I don't have a Master, nor do I want one".
I look straight at her as I take the whip from my arm , as I hold it by the handle I lower it and it drapes down My leg . The one woman asks.
"What do you intend to do with that, is it just for show".
I look back to the cashier , her eyes lower, I know all she said before was but a front , a defense mechanism of hers. She is new wants to keep her need hiden. I place the whip on the counter before her so it is what she looks at each time her eyes lower, as I say to the salewomen.
"Is it just for show, your customers have asked a question "?
The saleswoman&nbsp; looks up as if to say something to me, then she looks over to the two women customers, she sees that all eyes are on her, I hear her moan and then bite down on her lower lip, she shifts from foot to foot, as if deciding what to say next. Then she points to me and says.
"No, He is a dominant male and he uses it on a deserving submissive female".
 Now all eyes glance from me to the whip and back, I hear the one woman customer explaining what that means to her partner, she looks over at me as I pick up the whip and hold it by the handle, my eyes never leave the saleswoman's body. I watch as she trembles before Me , knowing she can not hide her need. I imagine the women have never seen a True Dominant male only read of them in romance novels. I hear the saleswomans voice low and cracked as she asks.
" Is everything to your satisfaction Sir"?
I notice the imphasis on Sir, as she asks.The two woman are still talking amongst themselves, the one looks shocked as her freind explains on. I keep watching the saleswoman, her hips pressed to the counter, as if that would quench the need. I hold out the whip to her and say.
"You may feel this if you desire".
I see her bite down harder on her bottom lip, as her hips press to the counter harder, making small circles as her hips move along its edge.She moans ,then reaches out and grasps the end of the whip. The two women customers upon hearing her moan stop talking and turn their attention to her, I hear her say.
"Yes Sir it is beautiful".
As she holds it, I say.
"Yes it is, but to be appreciated fully,you must fell it striking your skin".
I hear the two women customers moan , as she gasps.
"Yes Sir'
Her hips now grind into the counter as she blushes , then I ask.
"Would you accompany me to the back room, so I may test,&nbsp; if it is as sturdy as it looks"?
She looks at the two women customers and says.
"Please excuse me as I help this customer, I will be right back".
The one woman giggles as her friend just looks on and says.
"Take your time ".
She stops grinding against the counter, walks around the counter straightening her clothes as she does , then says.
"Follow Me Sir".
She walks before me into the back room, as we enter I see a normal stock room clothes ands and boxes everywhere. She turns around and walks up to me and asks seductively.
"How will you test this fantastic whip Sir"?
I turn and walk around her exploring the area ,taking my time, not looking at her, out of the corner of my eye I see her bite her lip, is she questioning her own question to me. I walk back to her and stand behind her back and say.
"You will do".
 I take her by the wrist and, lead her over to an area that has several boxes, I place her by the box ,she is wearing a sweater and skirt ,I take the whip and lift the bottom of the sweater up, exposing her midriff. I hear her moan as the leather rubs across her skin. I turn her around so her back is to me as the whip raises her sweater up her back along her skin. She moves forward and leans over the boxes, as she does I take the whip and place it under the hem of her skirt, moving it upwards til her skirt is bunched at her waist.I notice she wears no panties.I place the whip to her sex and say.
"You are a naughty one".
I hear her moan as I move the whip up along her body until the sweater is at her breasts. I take the whip and slide it around her till it lays directly under her breasts, as the whip slides across her breasts until the sweater is free to move upward, I hear her moan, as I say.
" Are you ready ".
"Yes Sir", was her only reply.
 I pull the whip from her skin , starting out slow and light with the flicks of the whip,so her skin would sensitize to the leather, 20 lashes in all . I stop lashing and reach down between her legs and feel the heat and wettness coming forth from her sex.Yes she is a needy one indeed. rub my hand up and down between her sex until she is gasping. I reach ch up and take her hair pulling her head back toward me as I say.
"Do you desire more"?
I hear her moan and say .
"Yes please Sir".
This time the lash bites into her skin as I increase the strength of the lashes.Harder and faster until 20 more lashes have been felt by her. The last of the twenty fall as I hear a gasp from behind us. I turn and see both women customers standing there, their need is apparent as they have their hands on their bodies, one clutching her breasts the other her hand tight to her crotch of her dress, watching from the doorway I hear you moan saying.
"Please don't stop Sir". 
I reach down and grasp the salewomans hand and place it over her sex . and say.
"Show me how much you desire the whip".
I see her hands move and start to slide within her sex with her need. I start to lash her body slowly moving from her thighs to her back , down her one leg and back up the other, her hand is mqsturbqting her sex hard as her need grows. I see the two women are lost in their own desire, both have there dresses up and their hands within their panties quenching their own need.
I see her slump forward on the boxes as her need intensifies within . Her hand is now&nbsp; free to carress her breasts,as they no longer suport her body. I keep lashing down stirring those desires, As she is lost in her own desires she did not, hear the others come in. She&nbsp; hears the women moan loudly as they sate their need , and turns her head to the side so she can see them. they both lean against the boxes by the door across from you, I hear a deep moan from beneath me, as her need spills over . I stop lashing and lean down and say.
"Yes I am quite&nbsp; satisfied".
I walk away back into the main store, walking past the women at the doorway. The scent of women 's need fills the air . They both seem quite content.As each removes their hands from their panties I walk to the counter and place the whip back in the box,sealing it again. First the two woman enter straightening their clothes, as they walk into the main store. then the salewoman . Her hair is a mess , she looks well used, her middriff bare as she pulls the sweater down.&nbsp; The saleswoman walks around behind the counter ,as the two women just stand several feet from me. Their eyes glued to me, watching everything I do. The sales woman asks me.
"will there be anything else , you desire Sir"?
I reply to her.
"Yes, you will deliver my purchase to this address".
I hand her My card and the rest of the money for the purchase, and then turn , I thank the two women for their understanding way. I see both blush as I say it.I start to walk away and the saleswoman says.
"Please come back anytime Sir".
I turned to all of them and say.
"I am the only one in this room that hasn't come".
I hear all three moan,with my words.I walk to the door as I open it,I hear all three say.
"Thank you Sir". 
 As I leave the store I look thru the window and see you standing there,are you wondering if this is a dream , could what just happen be real. I drive along and it starts to rain , pouring down and as it is winter the chill fills the air.
 I arrive at My house and start the fireplace blazing a nice red glow fills the room with its&nbsp; heat ,&nbsp; I then head upstairs and shower and shave , I only put on My lounge pants and return back downstairs and sit in My chair and read the newest novel . time passes and at 9:15 I hear the doorbell,
 I walk to the door and open it to see you drenched to the skin , hair wetly matted to your face ,in your arms is My purchase wrapped tightly in your coat. trembling you say.
 " here is your package Sir."
 I take the package and place it by the door then ask you to wait and walk away and into another room when I return , you see I have a large bath towel in My arms, you wonder is this the same Man who stirred these fires within you as I approach.
You see Me take the towel and place it spread out on the floor and say.
 "wipe your feet before you enter." 
I walk behind you and close the door, as you step forward onto the towel. The look in your eyes is priceless as you ponder is the floor more important than you but do as told and wipe your feet.I retrieve the package unwrapping it from your coat. I drop the coat on the towel at your feet , and walk into the other room and saying.
 "thank you for taking such good care of My purchase".
You can't believe I care more for it , than you . You reach down to retrieve your coat and as you do, you hear Me say.
"Leave all your wet clothing on the towel and come and warm yourself by the fire ".
I enter the room again and walk over and past you as I return you see I am holding another towel in My hand , I leave it folded up and drop it to the floor infront of you saying.
"This is not for you, only the floor".
I walk back into the room and you see Me sit down in My chair in front of the fireplace. You look down at the towel. Your mind trying to comprehend what is happening, Were you just told to strip, no you were given that choise nothing more. Your knees buckle as you sink to the floor, sitting upon your wet coat, as you reach down to take off your calf high boots from one foot ,then the other.Then slowly work your socks off your feet , the whole time looking in My direction. You have never been treated this way, but realize it is not harsh only what you desire.
You scoot around on the towel until you are facing Me, as rise til you are on your knees.and reach down and pull the zipper down on your skirt. you lower your skirt to your knees. As you move the skirt down you feel the wetness as your legs move together,&nbsp;&nbsp; and know it is not because of the rain. You sit back down on your coat feeling the wet cold material against your ass, and shiver, as a small moan escapes your lips. The cold is intensified by the warmth of your body, as you sit back on your ass and reach to your clothes bunched at your knees, and slide them from your body to the towel.
You get back to your knees, your thighs open, just as you have seen others do in pictures. You struggle to remove the wet sweater from your body as it clings to you. As you start to pull the sweater over your head. You stop and think as your vision is blocked waiting "please look my way". 
Your hands go to the back of your neck as you straighten your body up trying your best to mimic the pictures of others in your head ,&nbsp; kneeling. The wetness between your legs intensifies, with these thoughts. Your lips open and words don't come forth as you say to yourself "please desire me". 
You remove the sweater from your head and , then your arms and let it drop to the towel before you. Your hands move behind you to undo the clasp of your bra, then hesitate and you move them so each is clasping your elbows , and kneel there waiting as if wanting , no having to know this experience of being so, you look in My direction and then lower your eyes to the floor and undo the clasp, your hands move to your shoulders and remove the bra,as the wet bra comes away from your breasts your hands move to them, as the bra falls to the towel, your hands cradle your breasts holding them offering them , as you think " please find me desireable". 
No shame is felt as you kneel there nude, exposed, your thighs widen as you know this is what you have desired for so long. You watch Me get out of My chair and walk toward you, you shudder not from the cold but from the warmth deep within which radiates outward to your sex. Your own aroma of your need fills the air and asaults your senses. You know as I approach that it will be known to Me. You lower your eyes as I approach, and see Me walk past you to a closet. You watch as I open the closet door and get a hamper. I close the door to the closet and walk back to where you kneel. As I approach closer you scoot from the pile of wet things and kneel next to them on the marble floor.
I place the hamper next to wet things on the floor, and stand there and wait.Your body turns to Me as you kneel there, and open the hamper and pick up your clothes and place all in the basket, even the towel is placed within the hamper, then you close it. I reach down take the hamper and walk over and place it back in the closet, I walk back to you as take the towel which is still folded from its place on the floor , and place it before you saying.
"When My floor is dry, you may warm yourself at the fire".
You reach down and on hands and knees , and start to wipe the floor dry . Walk behind you and reach down and grasp your thighs, I see the tatoo on the crest above your ass. vines with&nbsp; thorns as I&nbsp; turn you so your ass is pointed toward My chair in the other room. I hear your moan as I do and see the wetness of your sex and the sweet aroma of your need as I move your ass into position . I release you and walk around you til I stand before you and say.
"You need not know what lies ahead only what has brought you here, and so you may dry the floor as you come to the fire".
You watch over your shoulder as I move back into the room, as I do I hit the switch on the wall, now the only light is that which the fireplace provides as the light flickers upon the marble floor. I walk over to My chair infront of the fire and sit down, as you watch I pick up a notebook again and start to write. You turn your head forward and satrt to dry the floor with the towel. You know the site you must be as you dry the floor as you move forward and back with your arms , your ass and sex in My full view. This thought only inflames your need more. 
You straighten your back and raise your ass as you sway it back and forth with your efforts. With each effort drying the floor you find your sex getting wetter. You think about the sight before My eyes, the firelight accentuating the moisture between your thighs . The thought only inflames you more. You yearn to be touched as you think back to so many nights before awoken as you sleep by dreams of these desires.You move your ass lower slowly spreading your thighs as you work backward to the fire and Me. 
You push the towel further out with your arms until your breasts touch the marble floor hoping the contact will help , as the fire deep within rages and you grow more needy.You want to feel me hands grasping your thighs again holding you tightly. Your mouth feels parched dry, as if all moisture in your body has moved to below as you feel your wetness grow. You are startled as your foot strikes the doorway to the room. you move back more and notice the marble has ended and now you are on a hardwood floor.
You look across the marble floor across it as it is before you dry. You feel your body tremble within as you admire your own work, knowing you only wanted to please. You look back over your shoulder I am off to the left sitting in front of the fireplace 15 feet away. You turn your body so your ass is pointed at Me and continue your task . Your sex is but inches above the floor, your legs tremble , as your thighs are streached wide. All because of your need , Ihave not commanded you into this position, but you have done so , because you desire to .
You hear Me get out of My chair and walk toward you, your body screams in its need as you think "please touch me". I walk past you and to the door in front of you , as I come into your view , your face lowers to the floor , you feel the need to ,the desire is all consuming. I close the double door before you and walk back around you ,to My chair again.You hear Me walk away and raise your head once again . I hear you gasp at the sight before you. In the full length mirror before you ,&nbsp; you see yourself . Hair matted to your head mascara runs down your face in black streaks. but instead of seeeing the worst you only see the need within . 
You look on to what is before you a woman who is not concerned how she looks only the desire she is enflamedd by. You see the firelight behind you , and Me sitting there by it. you feel the warmth increase as you slowly move back never taking your eyes off Me , this warmth is not from the fireplace&nbsp; but the fire which burns within you. Your body so needy,&nbsp; you know just one touch of My hands ,will send you over the edge as you wait so close to the edge. 
My indifference only inflames your need more as you watch for any sign from Me in the mirror that I notice your efforts. I just continue to write . soon the mirror grows distant as you move closer still until your foot could streach out and touch My chair. I get up as you look into the mirror and stand before My chair My back to the fire , as you look into the mirror you see Me point to the position before the chair in the mirror. I sit back down pick up the notebook and start to write.You move backward toward the position and feel the rug graze your feet as they come in contact. This tiny insignificant touch sends a shiver through your body as you feel your skin alive sensitive .
You move seductively, wanting only to intice Me with your body as you feel the rug move up&nbsp; up your calves to your knees. the plush rug moves ever closer up your leg then your hands feel its warmth as you move backwrd, you grasp the rug in your fingers as with the other hand you clutch the toweltrying so hard to still the need within as your body as you move along it until you reach the spot on the rug before Me. You turn slightly so you face Me . You lower your chest to the rug, you feel it as it scrapes across your hard nipples as you lower yourself until your face is to against the rug. You feel the heat of the fireplace on your ass and sex as you raise your ass higher.still.
I continue to write , as I streach My foot forward util it rests touching your cheek. I reach down and grasp the towel in your hand and take it and put it on the table beside Me. You feel the warmth of My foot as your cheek presses to it and the warmth of My hand as I grasp the towel from your fingers. Both feel hotter than the fire behind you which you feel warming your ass. You think to yourself of other ways your ass could be warmed, and moan into the rug You raise your head slightly ,needing to know if I am in anyway looking and desiring you so. You see Me writing , and feel My foot move over til it is beneath your chin. You lay your head back down on My foot.
You try to wet your lips so they will not be so parched and dry, but find you have no moisture to give them. your lips touch My foot and you start to kiss , softly upon it.I feel your efforts as you kiss up My foot your cheek brushing My lounge pants. your hands move around My foot to cradle it within your grasp as you kiss it. You are so intent on your expressing of your need. you dont notice til My hand brushes your cheek that I am no longer writing. Your cheek presses to my hand, as I raise it up until you are looking into My eyes . You release your hold on My foot and come to a kneeling position before Me. I point to a spot closer still to the chair.
You scoot your ass on the rug until you come to the place I point. You open your thighs wide and look into My face as you place your hands behind your neck and straighten your posture. When you are in position I reach out and place My hand to your lips. I feel the dryness of them as you kiss My hand. I remove My hand from your lips and slide My foot between your open thighs until My toes rest against your sex. I feel the wetness there and say.
"Moisten My foot ,so when you again kiss it you may wet your lips".
I pick up My notebook and start to write yet again. You look up at Me then down to the rug. You feel no shame as you move forward until your sex is agaist the top of My foot. Being as wet as you are your sex opens as you slide forward, until your clit is pressed against My foot. You grind your sex down into My foot and slide back then forward again coating My foot in your need and wetness . You place your hands behind your head and move slowly at first, but all to soon your need grows&nbsp; to the point , you must release it. I feel your sex tremble as your wetness flows forth from deep within and feel your body shake and grind down hard as your orgasm takes you there. 
When your body stops trembling and you return from that place of pure bliss within you.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; You slide your ass back and until your face once again touches My foot, Your lips touch My foot kissing and licking it . For the first time you taste your own wetness. you find the more you lick and kiss the more your need grows again. I hear you moan as you kiss and lick My foot. Your own wetness moistens your lips and fuels your need. 
I reach down and place My hand upon your cheek, and move your face upward until you are looking Me in the eyes once again . I see your eyes lower and I say.
"You have done all tasks given you tonight, Now lay before Me on the rug and enjoy the warmth of the fire, you may pleasure yourself if the desire burns deep within.. I will sit here and read aloud what I have writen."
You streach out on your back before Me your feet toward Me , you raise your knees and place your hands behind your head. You hear My voice as you lay there each word taken in , the events of the day at the shop. your hand moves from your head to your breasts&nbsp; and down to your sex as each word writen here starts to unfold before your eyes. your other hand grasps your breast and holds it tightly as your thumb strokes the nipple as I say outloud the part where you are flogged, The memory of it seen through My eyes. Your hand moves slowly upon your sex as the wetness increases.
When the story reaches you on the floor backing into the room I look down and see you twisting your nipples each in turn moving from one to the other. Y ou now know I was watching every movement knowing each thought and desire within you, as none before. You hand moves faster upon your sex sliding upon the wetness there.
Ireach the part of the story and say aloud the part where you ground your sex into My foot. I watch as your hand moves you closer as I reveal your orgasm and what I beheld then.I hear you groan loudly as your orgasm envelopes you as I read on. I watch as your body trembles once again as your need is met. I finish the story as you lanquish in the afterglow. I feel you 
turn and place your head to My feet as you curl into them . I look down at you as you lay there so content satisfied. I lay the note on the table beside Me and think to Myself this is but the first chapter of many to come.
 



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Midnytedreams(no email) 


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





