BDSM Library - How Jenna became a slave




How Jenna became a slave
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:   a yong girl who dosent know mutch about sex gets her first computer with internet and finds a site that allows adds for slaves thing go quickly from there







How Jenna&#8217;s journey as a slave began

Jenna had always been brought up as a proper girl. She was shielded by her parents in aspects of her life. Now at the age of 19 she had just gotten her first computer with internet access. She could not wait to go upstairs and use her pc with the internet. But she was stuck helping her mom with the cleaning of the house for her moms work guests that where coming over. Jenna&#8217;s mother came into the room at 6:30 and said she could do what she wanted for the rest of the night but not to bother her while her friends were there. 

So Jenna ran up stairs and turned her pc on and log on line to surf the internet. Jenna had been browsing for hours now typing random things in to google. 9:30 was when it happened she found a goggle add saying silly signs with the address of www.getdare.com under it. Jenna clicked the link to the site witch took her to the get dare homepage. She browsed the site for nearly two hours and found that the site had many things on it 1) dare arias 2) stories about dare and sex but what she was most interested in was the slave master aria. She then decided to do some research on the subject of being a slave and she soon found out that she liked the idea of being a slave but it was already 2:30 and she was tired so she bookmarked the site and went to bed thinking about if she wanted to be a slave. 

Jenna got home at three from an uneventful day at school. She was so tired that she went strait to her room and fell a sleep. She woke up at 9:30 and decided she was going to sign up to get dare and post slaves add. She logged on twenty minutes later with the name slaveJ. She then set up an add that was as follows

SlaveJ/19/f/uk slave seeks m/master (have web cam)
Hi all I am new to this whole slave thing but would rely like to try it out I do not know many of my limits but the ones I do know are no permanent no blood no family and friends no illegal stuff.
My likes are masturbation and being naked. I do have a web cam. I also have yahoo chat and msn. If anyone would like me to be there slave pm me with the details.

Then Jenna posted the slave add.
Over the next few days Jenna got many reply&#8217;s but a lot of it was one line replies like I will be your master slave and other junk like that. It was 10:30, and Jenna was about to log off when she saw it on her 5th day of searching.

Hello

Hello 19 m master from the o.k. to have a web cam.&nbsp; And, would like to chat with you on yahoo about you being my slave I am on there now my address is masterX@yahoo.com.hope to here from you slaveJ from masterX



She logged on to her yahoo account and went to add a contact. Then she suddenly stopped she was wondering if she was ready for this to be a slave to a man she had never even met before. She decided it couldn&#8217;t hurt to add him and see what he was like as a master. She then typed his name in to the add user section. He accepted her invite immediately; she then started chat with him.

SlaveJ: hello
MasterX: hello
SlaveJ: I your pm on get dare and would like to find out more about it and you I have some questions for you if that is ok.
MasterX: yes that is fine what do you want to know.
SlaveJ: What type of master are you, are you very strict.
MasterX: yes am strict but since you are new to this if you choose to be my slave we will take it slow.
SlaveJ: could you tell me what I might have to do for you as your slave.
MasterXWell that depends to begin with you would do a bit of every thing so we can find out your limits and likes as a slave.
SlaveJ: sounds fair to me. What rules would you give me a your slave
MasterX: I would give you a set of rule to live bye eg never leave chat without asking me first. I would control the cloths you would wear. And you would always have to call me master or sir.
SlaveJ: Ok can requests a picture of you so as proof of who you are and I will do the same.
MasterX: yes I will send it now
slavej: ok got it wow your cute here mine comes
masterX: your good looking slaveJ
slavej: may I have time to think about it masterX
MasterX: yes you may if you decide you want to be my slave log on to yahoo chat in two days time at 10:00
Slavej: ok I will think about it goodbye then
MasterX: goodbye 

It was 12:30 by the time Jenna logged off so she decided to get some sleep.

 day 1 to think

Jenna woke up the next morning had a hot steamy shower before getting dressed and going to school. She had mostly a normal day except she could not stop thinking about masterX becoming hear master, it seemed the longer she waited the more she wanted to be his slave. To please him in any way possible. Jenna left school at 2:30 when she got home she went straight to her computer and logged on to yahoo chat.

But alas masterX was not on so she left yahoo open while she started her homework. Jenna&#8217;s mom arrived home at 5:00 with takeaways for dinner for the two of them. 
After Jenna had finished her dinner at 7:30 she went straight up stairs to see if masterX was on but he was not. Jenna read a book until 11:30 then decided to log off of yahoo and get some sleep, because she new masterX would be on for sure tomorrow at 10:00.

Day two to think 

Jenna woke up extremely late woke up extremely late on this day so she had a quick shower and left for school. That day at school was one of the slowest days Jenna had ever Jenna could not go strait home today at 2:30 because she had cheerleading practice till 5:30.jenna had always been the cheerleader type, popular very good looking with being tall with long blond hair and sky-blue eyes. Jenna also relay liked the uniforms they wore.

Jenna&#8217;s cheer leading practice had just ended when one of the other cheerleaders approached her it was Kristy her best friend. Kristy came to ask if Jenna would spend a weekend at her house in two weeks time while her parents where away. Jenna told her she would have to get back to her in a couple of days.

When Jenna got home it was 7:30 she then had some a roust beef with full trimmings for dinner with her mom until 9:00.jennna had to wash the dishes after dinner when she looked at her watch just as she had finished it was now 9:50.so Jenna rushed up to her room and just after she logged on the masterX icon came to life. 

MasterX: Hello slaveJ have you made your decision

masterX: hello slave have you made your decision.
SlaveJ: yes masterX I would like to be your slave girl.
MasterX: that is good then is it fine if we start your training now slave.
slaveJ: yes masterX it is fine I want you to start as soon as possible sir.
MasterX: are you sure if so then call me master not masterX
SlaveJ: yes master 
MasterX: good I will take you as a slave then.
slaveJ: thank you master I will do my best to obey you master.
masterX: Ok we will start without your web cam for training then when you trust me more we can move on to cam my new slave.
 SlaveJ: yes master that is fine
MasterX: good slave now what I want you to do next is reply to some questions truthfully.
SlaveJ: yes master
MasterX: are you a virgin and what your bra size slave.
SlaveJ: yes master I am and 36 b is my bra size.
MasterX: ok slave even thou I have seen a picture of you I want you to describe your self to me and what school activities do you do
SlaveJ: yes master I am 1.6 meters tall brown long hairs down to my shoulders blue eyes fairly average build and I am a cheerleader master.
MasterX: ok slave what aria you live in more or less
SlaveJ: London master
MasterX: that is good I live in London to so we may meet sometime soon slave
SlaveX: maybe master let us see how things go between us first master.
MasterX: that is fine with me slave I do prefer to get to know you before we meet in person and train you some on cam first.
SlaveJ: Yes master
MasterX: Ok slave I have decided you should go to bed now and get a good nights sleep and I will start your training tomorrow slave at 6:00. 
SlaveJ yes master good night master.
MasterX: Goodnight slave I shall send you a email with you rules in it later my slave.
SlaveJ: yes master


Jenna woke up really early the next morning she couldn&#8217;t help but think what she would do that night to serve her master. But she could not think about that now she had to get ready for school the one good thing was it was a Friday. So school ended at 1:00 but from 2:00 till 4:00 she had cheer leading practice. That meant she would only be home at 4:30.
Before Jenna was going to shower she remembered that she had to check for the email with her rules in it from her new master. She signed in to her email and there it was saying the following as a subject.

To my slave girl your new rules.

She quickly opened the email and read the rules.

From: masterX@yahoo.com
Subject: To my slave girl your new rules


Always refer to me as master.
You always must shave your pussy 
You must check your email twice a day
You may not cum without my permission slave
You must always tell the truth to your master slave
You must be naked when in your room unless told otherwise
You may not wear panties without permission&nbsp; (unless you have cheerleading practice )
You must obey all these rules at all times my slave.


Jenna read her rules for what felt like forever but was only 15 minutes then she decided to go shower and get ready for school. The drive to school on the bus was pretty uneventful for Jenna. Most of her classes where boring and uneventful accept for the free they had in art do to the teacher having a meeting. During that free Jenna was so deep in thought about her new master that she didn&#8217;t even hear&nbsp;&nbsp; Kristy talking to her at first asking if she new about next weekend yet. She replied with a no when she realized Kristy was talking to her they joked around for the rest of the period.
 Cheerleading practice was about to start and Jenna had not noticed so she was running late. By the time she got to the field the team had already started practice. She apologized to them for being late then they started practicing again. The practice went extremely quickly for Jenna for some reason. 

When Janna got home there was a note on the table next to the front door from her mom that said the following.

Hey Jenna I am going to be working late tonight so please make your self something to eat. 

So Jenna went into the kitchen to make her dinner which was pasta in a red sauce. Then after eating Jenna realized it was 5:15 so she decided to go and do what little homework she had from her day at school. Jenna finished her homework at 5:55 she stripped till she was completely naked. Then logged on to yahoo chat her master was not on yet but she would wait like a good slave should. At exactly 6:00 her new master logged on to yahoo chat.

SlaveJ: hello master
MasterX: hello my slave how was your day.
SlaveJ: very good master.
MasterX: that is good my slave.
MasterX: Did you get my rules for you to obey slave.
SlaveJ: yes master I did and I whore panties today because I had cheerleading practice master.
MasterX: that is fine slave that was part of your rules my slave.
SlaveJ: thank you master.
MasterX: ok slave tell me what you are wearing now then.
SlaveJ: master I am naked as your rule says I should be when in my room alone master.
MasterX: ok slave what I want you to do now is edge for your master and stop when you are about to cum then tell me.
SlaveJ: yes master

Jenna then started to play with her pussy. She was still going 10 minuets later and then she felt it she was very close to Cumming. so she stopped playing with her self and started to type to her master.

SlaveJ: I have stopped as you said master due to the fact I was about to cum
MasterX: good my slave you did well for your first time 10 minuets now I want you to do the same again but try to last longer this time my slave.
SlaveJ: yes master

Jenna then started to play with her self again this time it seemed to go a lot slower then the first time. She reached 5 minuets and it felt like 10 minuets. Then she reached 10 minuets and it felt like 15 minuets. By the time she reached 13 minuets she could not go or she would cum no wait it was to late to stop Jenna started to orgasm. When Jenna stopped Cumming she felt gilt wash over her. She had broken 1 of her masters rules she was a bad slave and she new it.

Jenna new what she had to do to make it right so that she would feel like a good slave again? She would have to tell her master and take the punishment she deserved for disobeying her new master. Jenna started to type to her master feeling honest scared and guilty at the same time.

SlaveJ: master I am sorry your slave has broken one of your rules master I came without permission please punish your new slave so that she may learn to better serve you master.

While Jenna waited for a reply from her master she reread her message to her new master she did not know where she got what she said to him from. But it felt like the correct thing to say to her master. All of the sudden a message popped up from her master.


MasterX: ok my slave since you where honest your punishment will not be bad, use your bare hand to spank each ass cheek of yours five times&nbsp; count each one by typing each one on yahoo my slave girl.

SlaveJ: yes master right cheek master.
SlaveJ: 1 master
Slavej: 2 master
Slavej: 3 master
Slavej: 4 master
Slavej: 5 master
SlaveJ: left cheek now master.
SlaveJ: 1 master
SlaveJ: 2 master
SlaveJ: 3 master
SlaveJ: 4 master
SlaveJ: 5 master

After the punishment Jenna and her master spoke more about what her training would be like for her by the time she looked at a clock it was 10:35. Jenna was feeling tired and was about to ask her master if she could go to sleep. When a new message came throe and Jenna began to smile.


MasterX: good girl ok slave I have to log off now I will send you an email with tasks for you to do at school my slave girl. 
Jenna quickly started typing her reply.

SlaveJ: Yes master I will check for your email in the morning good night master
 MasterX: sleep naked tonight slave and good night.

Jenna&#8217;s master signed off then after Jenna logged of, and shut down her pc. She went to prepare for bed. When she lay down she drifted of to sleep quickly.

When Jenna woke up she remember the night before with her new master, her first thought when she woke up was did I do those things. Then she thought yes I did and I enjoyed doing them for my master.

Jenna then remembered the email her master said that he would send her. She logged on to her email account. There was one email from her master

Dear slave your tasks are


You may wear a bra and panties today slave because your master wishes for you to have a bra connection wedgie for the day.
You must edge for 15 minutes before you go to school. For 10 minutes in the bathroom at school during your brake. For another 15 minutes when you get home from school. without Cumming at all slave 
And as soon as you get home send me a email with a list of all your cloths slave. 


After reading the email Jenna decided that she would edge before having her shower. Jenna then started to finger herself by 12 minuets she was struggling to keep control but she made it to 15.she stopped as soon as the hand hit the twelve for the last minute of her time. Then Jenna went off to shower and then connected her bra and patties in a wedgie then she left for school. 


Jenna got to school early even thou it was a Saturday she had to go to school for a cheer leading comp.the cheer leading compactions was 6 hours with a 30 minute brake in between.jennas team was practicing for the first half of the time when the brake came Jenna went to the far end of the school to the second story bathroom to complete her second eadge for the day.10 minutes was alot easier for Jenna then fifteen had been. She was relieved no one came in to the bathroom during that time because Jenna is not the quietest girl when masturbating and it didn&#8217;t help that she was thinking about her master while masturbating.

Jenna then went to compete in the compaction with her team Jenna team came third place in the compation so she was very happy there where 20 teams in total so third was not that bad. The thing Jenna did not enjoy was doing cheerleading with a bra connection wegie it hurt her like hell when she was finished she went home.

jenna then did her last eage for the day when she got home.the 15 miniuts felt like for eva but she made it without cumming as oderd then jenna started going throe her cuberd to see what cloths she had for the list for her master.jenna sorted her cloths on to piles that where sorted by types of cloths.

Jenna just finished emailing the list of cloths to her master when she received a email asking her to log on to yahoo. So Jenna logged on to yahoo and her master was on .Jenna opened a chat window and started type.

slaveJ; hello master
MasterX:hello slave how was your day at the comp.
SlaveJ: it was good master we came in third place master.
MasterX: that is good slave and how did your tasks go slave.
SlaveJ: they went well master incomplete all of them without a problem except the wegie dose heart alot master.
MasterX: it is supposed to hurt a bit slave but you may undue it now slaves

Jenna felt relief when she read that she could remove the bra connection wegie.she ameadetly took her cloths off unhooked her bra and undid the wegie.she felt so relived to no longer feel the pain of the wegie.jenna then started to type to her master again.

SlaveJ: thank you master for allowing your slave to remove her wegie master
MasterX; it is a plesshure my slut.
SlaveJ; master must i put my cloths back on or should i remain naked master.
MasterX: i think you should remain naked slut.
SlaveJ: yes master
MasterX: ok slave i want you to get the following items if you need to leave your room you may dress but strip as soon as you get back into your room slave.
15 pegs a permanent maker and some ice

Jenna got up from her pc and got dressed and went in to the kitchen to find the items her master required of her.she when to a draw under the kitchen sink and found the maker pen.then jenna whent to the laundry room next to get the pegs.she took 20 peg from the back of the landry room door just incace she needed a few more.jenna then went to the frezer and got the ice she needed.then jenna went of upstairs towards her room.the miniute jenna got in to her room again she closed her door and stripped off her clothes.jenna then went to her pc and started typing to her master.

SlaveJ: i am back master.
MasterX; good my slut now i want you to lisen closely and do the followig with the items i asked for my slave
SlaveJ: yes master


MasterX: Good slut i want you to rub the ice over your nipples slave. Then take the 6 pegs and put two on your erect nipples 2 on your bottom pussy lip and two on your top pussy lip. 
SlaveJ: Yes master
MasterX: Now slave i want you to take the permanat maker and wright the following.
SlaveJ:Yes master
MasterX:you will wright owned by master across your chest.You will wright masters cunt above your pussy.Then you will place the maker up your ass my slave.
SlaveJ: Yes master

Jenna sat there with pegs on her erect nipples on her pussy lips. While she was carfully wrighting the words her master told her to wright on diffrent parts of her body.Then Jenna shoved the maker up her ass as she was told to.Jenna then decided to saprize her master so she got her camra.Jenna took a photo of her tits with the peg on each nipple.Then she did the same with the pegs on her pussy,each bit of wrighting and finaly the permant maker up her ass.Jenna logged on to her email then atached the pictures and sent them to her masters email.Jenna then began to type to her master.

SlaveJ: Master there is a saprize wating for you in your email inbox from your slave master.Your slave hopes you are pleased with it master.

Somewhere ealse in london at the same time a 19 year old boy named Jake sat at his computer with a braud smile on his face.Jake quickly opend the email from his slave to find photos of exzactly what he had told her to do.from the pegs to the wrighting right up to the maker.Jake thought to him self he did not even ask for these photos but she sent them.Jake then started to type in yahoo chat again becuse his slave had said somthing to him.

SlaveJ: Well master do you like the saprize from your slave master
MasterX:Yes Slave your master is pleased with the photos.
MasterX:ok Slave you may log off for now and do as you wish for a while as long as you dont brake any rules.Ah yes slave you also have your masters permission to cum once as a reward for the photos.

Jenna&nbsp; was very happy that her master was pleased with the photos that she had sent him.After Jenna logged off of yahoo chat she decided to watch some tv with the time here master had given her. jenna whent down stairs to the lounge to watch tv.She watched&nbsp; mortle combat1 on tv for about two hours then decided to go upstairs and rest for a while. jenna dosed off to sleep very quickly.

 Meanwhile somewhere ealse in london Jake sat in his room doing some homework that was due for the monday.Jake was finding it hard to concentrait on the homework at the momment thoe.He had found a slave girl that looked like she was relly willing to please him.this happend after many failed attempts of finding a slave girl that would suit him.Jake was very glad he had found SlaveJ.Jake new he would not get mutch time to play with his slave on the sunday becuse he had to viset his twin sister for the day.

jenna slept for the rest of the night without waking up at all when she woke up on the sunday she logged on to yahoo.jenna found a offline message from her master it said the following.

MasterX: ok slave i will not be online today and i have decided you may have the day off.but you must log on to chat at 8; 00 this eavning slave enjoy your day.

Jake got to his parents house round about 8:00 and then nocked on the door. Even thoe he was the same age as his sister he went to a bording scoole across town .Jakes sister opend the door and told him to come in and that there parents where out for the day.Jake whent in and they both sat down in the lounge and had some tee and biscets.Jakes sister noticed Jake stairing into the distence for a secound with a huge smile on his face then they continued to chat for the day.

meanwhile jenna sat at home thinking about her master and decided to use her masters reward that was given to her.jenna decided to play with her self and thinking of her master it was not very long befor she came harder the she ever had before.Jenna then spent the rest of the day reading one of her books that she had not finished yet.jenna also thought while she was reading that she must remmember to ask her master if she could spend next weekend at kristys house while her parents where away.Jenna did not know what her master would say about this but she would find out soon since it was 7:30 allready.
At presicely 8:00 jennas master logged on they started to type at the exzact same time.

MasterX: hello slave 
SlaveJ: hello master
SlaveJ: master your slave has somthing she wishes to ask you
MasterX: what is it slave
SlaveJ: master my best freand Kristy has asked me to her place next weekend due to the fact her parents are away for the next week master may your slave go.

Jenna sat and waited for what felt like forever for a reply from her master but it was rellay only miniuts.
Jake smiled and started typing back to his slave with a reply.

MasterX: that means you will not be online that whole weekend correct slave.
SlaveJ: yes master that is right
MasterX: you may go to your freands house for the weekend but i will give you the cloths you are to wear and pack for the weekend slave is that understood 
SlaveJ: yes master and thank you master
&nbsp; 

Jenna&nbsp; sat in her room talking to her master when she heard her mother call her.So jenna whent to her chat and started typing to her master.

SlaveJ:Master my mother just called may i leave to to ask her what she wants master.
MasterX: Yes you may slave
MasterX: Log back on when you are done with what mother wants and see if i am still on slut.
SlaveJ:yes Master i will do that.speek to you later master.
MasterX: Speek to you later slut.

Jenna then logged off of yahoo chat and went down stairs to see what her mother wanted.When Jenna got downstairs her mom asked her how her day was then asked if she could help prepare dinner for the night.Jenna helped her mom make dinner which was stake,chips and pees. they ate dinner at 9:30 by the time they had finshed and her mom had finshed speeking to Jenna about her day it was allready 10:45.

Jenna then went into her room but stoped when she enterd.She thought to herself that her room was a mess,there where cloths everywear.her books on her bookshelf where all skew or falling over and her grey carpet had not been vacumed for weeks.This was not the time for Jenna to think of this how ever she had to log on to yahoo.To see if her master was still on Jenna then logged id and saw the yellow smilly face next to MasterX.

SlaveJ: Hello master i am back.
MasterX: That is good slave so tell me more about this freand you want to go to for the weekend then.
SlaveJ: Yes master
SlaveJ: Her name is kristy she is also a cheer leader at my schoole.she is quite tall blond hair blue eyes,she is very populer master.
MasterX: Ok slave that is fine i understand it is getting late you should get some sleep slave.
 SlaveJ: ok master good night master.
MasterX:good night my pet.

once SlaveJ had logged off for the night Jake sat at his computer deep in thought with a huge smile on his face.Jake thought to him self that this could get relly fun if he played his cards just right.Jake went to bed thinking about what he new about where his slave was going for the weekend.jake fell asleep rather quickly when he went to bed.

Jenna took the time to clean up her room a bit becuse she wasent rellay tired.she would have to leave the vacuming for the morning thoe so not to bug her mother.so after she fixed up her room she went to bed becuse she had schoole in the morning.


Jenna got up late the next morning so she dident have time for breakfest.She left straight for scoole on the bus the ride to schoole was uneventful but that changed when she got to her first class.Kristy came running up to Jenna asking about the weekend she looked exstreamly exited and had a shine to her somthing was very diffrent about her today.Jenna couldent help but think she had more confadence then she ussally did.

jenna started thinking about how long her and kristy had knowen each other.

Jenna and Kristy had been freands for a very long time almost 8 years they did most things together.They started cheer leading together took all the same classes and even ate lunch together on most schoole days.Everybody said they where more like sisters then freands.They could tell eachother allmost anything althoe Jenna did want to tell her freand about her life as a slave she did not now how Kristy would react to it.So for now that would remain&nbsp; Jenna's little seacret.

 Jenna!
 Jenna!
 (mr Kruger) could you anser the question Jenna

Yes sir sorry could you repeat it for me i dident quite get it all.

ok Jenna the question was what was shaspear thinking when he wrote this part of the book the tempes.

yes sir is sowing that there is grate eivle in the world around us sir.that every one has good and eivle within them selves sir

correct Jenna well done that was a good awnser.

the bell rang for brake and Jenna and Kristy whent to there normle out side table to eat.Jenna and Kristy started talking about how fun this weekend was going to be.After the brake was over they had two lessions left they went rather quickly becuse they where boring.When scoole ended Jenna and Kristy had two hours of cheer leading practice.

after chear leading practice jenna went home when she got home her mom was in the kitchen prepairing food for lunch.Jenna helped her mom with the lunch after eating it was 3:45 

Jenna whent up stair and decided to log on to yahoo to see if her master was on alas he was not.So Jenna remained logged in to yahoo when she got a call from here mom from down stairs.Jennas mom asked her to take the trash out bye the time she got back to her room her screen was flashing from a message she had receaved from her master. 

part 15 jenna ran up to the computer and saw 3 messages from her master she kneeled&nbsp; on the floor then started to type.

MasterX: Hello slave.
MasterX: Are you there slave.
MasterX: Reply to your master slave or you will have to be punished.
SlaveJ:&nbsp; Hello master,Sorry master my mother called me just after i logged on she asked me to remove the trash master. I am really sorry master.please dont punish your slave master.
MasterX: Ok slave i forgive you that means you are in cloths still correct slut.
SlaveJ:&nbsp; Yes master
MasterX: ok then strip now and kneel.
SlaveJ: Yes Master.
MasterX: I think it is time you show your self to me on webcam slut what do you think about that.
SlaveJX: Yes master your slave would be happy to show her self on web cam for her master.
MasterX: Ok then slave send me a invite to view your web cam.
SlaveJ: yes master i will send it right away master.

Jenna whent in to yahoo options and befor even thinking about it she sent a invatashion to her master for him to view her web cam.
Jenna then stared at the screen waiting for something to happen.

Webcam invatashion
SlaveJ has invited You To see her webcam click acceppt or denny

Jake sat with a huge smile on his face this girl really did want to please her master in any way she could.this made jake very happy becuse in a way it showed he was a good master to his slave.Jake clicked acceppted to the invatashion.A window then poped up on his screen saying loading cammra.

Jenna waited for the cam to load for her master to be able to see her on it.Then it happened at the bottem of the window that the picture of herself had opend it said the following.

viewing 1

MasterX: Ok slave now that i can see you we can have some more fun with your training my slut.
SlaveJ:Yes master Your slave Would really Enjoy that alot master.
MasterX: Slave do you need to pee at the momment.
SlaveJ: No master your slave dose not need to pee yet master.
MasterX: Ok slave i want you to get the following iteams a bucket a tall glass and a 5 leater bottle of water you may get dressed without panties or a braa if needed slut
SlaveJ: Yes master your slave will go and get them now master.


Jenna got dressed as her master had instructed her without any underwear at all.She went downstairs and found a glass in the kitchen cubourd.Jenna then went to the frige and found a 3 L bottle of water.The bucket was the hardest item to find becuse it was not where it was sapossed to be.Jenna found it in the bathroom under the sink so she then rushed back to her room got undressed and knelt on the floor befor her master.With the iteams he asked for next to her on the floor.

MasterX: I see you are back slave.
SlaveJ: Yes master i am back.
MasterX: Ok there is another iteam i need you to get.
SlaveJ:&nbsp; Yes master what is it.
MasterX: A pair of your panties slut.
SlaveJ: Yes master

Jenna whent to her draws and got a pair of pink panties.then she went back to kneel infront of the web cam.

SlaveJ: Back master
MasterX: I can see that slave
SlaveJ: Yes master i guess you can master.
MasterX: Ok slave now i want you to drink as mutch water as you can.
SlaveJ: Yes master i will do it now master.
SlaveJ: Master that is all i can drink.
MasterX: That is fine you drank alot of water my slut almost half of the bottle.
SlaveJ:thank you master your slave is happy that you are happy with the amount of water that i have drank master.
MasterX: Ok now slave we will talk for a while.
SlaveJ: Yes master


After 45 miniuts of talking on yahoo it finnaly came up on Jakes screen.he decided to wait a few miniuts before typing back to her so that she would be more despret to go.

SlaveJ: Master may your slave have permision to leave chat to go for a pee master please
MasterX: No slave you may not you are going to put on a little show for your master slut.
SlaveJ: master what do you mean master?
MasterX: that is what the bucket is for my slut you are going to pee in the bucket on cam for your master.
SlaveJ: Master please may i go to the toilet master.
MasterX: no slave you may not you will do this becuse it pleases your master my slut. 
SlaveJ: Ok master i will do it becuse i really need to pee master may your slave pee now then master.
MasterX: Yes you may but for disobeying and fighting with your master you will now have to pee throe your panties slut is that understood.
SlaveJ: Yes master 
MasterX: Put them on the take posishion over the bucket but hover not sit my slut,then pee when you are ready.
SlaveJ: Yes master i will do so now master

Jenna posishiond her self over the bucket she was doing this becuse she really needed to pee, and it also pleases her master.jenna then let go of all ambishions and started to pee throe her pink panties.While Jenna was doing this she felt hamilliated her only cumfort was that only her master was seeing her pee her panties over a bucket on web cam.

or so she thought meanwhile at Jakes house in the shadows watching Jenna pee on cam was a secound persion with a braud smile on there face.that persion spoke to jake directly after Jenna had finshed peeing.ok then Jake we have a deal lets do it.

MasterX: Ok slut you may turn off your web cam for tonight.you may also log off of yahoo and get some sleep after cleaning your self up and taking the panties off.Then empty the bucket and get a good nights sleep slut.
SlaveJ: Yes master sleep well master
MasterX:good night my slave you did well tonight
SlaveJ: Thank you master i am glad i pleased you my master.

So Jenna logged off of yahoo got into bed a soon driffted of to sleep not suspecting one little thing that her master was planing. 



Jenna was exstreamly happy with herself and how she had pleased he master on the tuesday night.Jenna could not beleave that she had not spoken to her master since then and it was allready fryday morning.All she new was that when she logged on to yahoo chat she found a massage telling her that he would not be on mutch for the rest of the week.He also said he would send a email of the cloths she was to pack for her weekend away.Jenna must of read that email atleast 7 or 8 times since she had gotten it.

Hello slave 

the following are the cloths your master wishes you to pack for the weekend.
three short skirts two speggetie tops one normle tshirt no panties at all and any four bras 5 pairs of socks 3 pairs of heels and one pair of takies.
also slave enjoy your weekend and remmember all your rules are still in place.

Jake sat at home thinking about what he was going to do for the weekend and felt a pang of regret for it.

jenna packed her stuff for when she was going to Kristys place then went to shcool for the day.Jenna could not beleave that this very day was the start of three months of holyday in the uk.She was exstreamly happy about this thoe she still had to make it throe the last day of school.Kristy came running up to Jenna alllmost screaming so load that it made Jenna loose her hearing.

The rest of the day was very boring for both kristy and jenna as most of there classes for the day where given as frees.When school was finished Kristy and Jenna had one last thing to do befor holadays where to start it was there last cheerleeding meeting.By the time that was finished&nbsp; it was 4:00 Jenna could not beleave the last&nbsp; meeting of the term lasted two hours.&nbsp; 

The girls left for Kristys house right after the meeting they got there around about 5:30.kristy recieved a phonecall at 6:00 from her brother asking if she minded if he joined her and her freand for the weekend.kristy said it was fine then went off to tell jenna that her brother was going to spend the weekend aswell and that he would be over later that night.
 


Jenna was a bit worried as she had never met kristys twin brother befor but she thaught it may be a fun weekend.Jenna and Kristy had some time to have some dinner which was stake, egg and chips.then they watched some t.v while waiting for Kristys brother to arrive.The door bell rang at 7:45 when Kristy opend the door
jenna got a bit of a shock but then composed herself.There standing infront of jenna was her master even thoe she had only seen his pic she new it was him.

Jake walked up to his sister and gave her a hug then walked up to jenna and intreduced himself saying it was nice to meet her.They all sat down in the lounge for a while chating then jenna decided to go and get some drinks for them leaving Jake and Jenna alone in the lounge.Jenna did not know what to say but it was jake who spoke first very softly into jennas ear hello slave.it is fine we are two people who dont know each other from a bar of soap for now so just relax and enjoy your self.

Jenna was a bit more relaxed after her master or who she had just found out was jake had spoken to her they relaxed most of the night haveing a few drinks and watching some t.v but it got to the point where they where getting bored just watching t.v.Jenna could hardly believe what she heard Jenna sseggest she had to ask if she heard her right.kristy said it again lets play a game of truth or dare.

Jenna couldent beleave this could the night get any worse for her ok meeting her master would of been fine had she been alone but at her best freinds house.Also her master was her best freinds twin brother. Now her freind was segesting we play a game of tord.Jenna never even new kristy was in to tord until that day and was worried about might happen if she agreed to play.Then Jenna thaught to her self that her master said nothing would happen tonight so she relaxed and agreed to play tord.

Jenna decided to go first she turned to Kristy and asked truth or dare.Kristy asked for a truth then Jenna Thaught very hard on what to ask her freind.Ok then Kristy who do you have a crush on at schoole.Kristy blushed then smiled and told them it was jhon from one grade above them.It was now kristys turn Jenna thaght for shure she would choose her for revenge.Thoe to Jennas releaf Kristy asked her owen brother truth or dare jake.

jake also chose truth to begin with the diffrence was kristy allready had a question in mind she asked jake how often do you masterbate in a week.Jake replyed about 3-4 times a week.It continued like this for a while longer then it came to a point where it was Jakes turn to ask Jenna truth or dare Jenna.Jenna thought for a while befor replying due to the fact that this guy new more about her then even kristy did. After a while she replyed truth&nbsp; and jake started to smile.This worried Jenna a little bit but she decided to go with the flow.&nbsp; 



Ok then jenna tell me what is your we will give you a easy one then what is your bra size.Jenna breathed a sigh of releaf and said 36b.
Kristy decided that they needed more drinks so she whent to the kitchen to get them.When she went to the kitchen Jake started to speek to Jenna it took her a miniut to register he was talking to her.she replyed quickly and softly yes master what is it.Ok Jenna how would you feel telling Kristy about you being my slave then for the weekend if she agrees we can dominate you together.Jake heard Kristy coming back from the kitchen and quickly and quitely said if you wish to agree to this at any time tonight just nod and i will convince my sister after nodding your next turn will be a dare ok.

Ok lets continue with the game Kristy said as she walked back into the room.Jenna and Jake both nodded there heads and then Jenna said truth or dare Kristy.Kristy saprised everybody next by choosing dare.Jenna Thought Back to something her master made her do she then said give yourself a bra connection wegie and dont remove it till another dare counters it.Ok kristy said as she got up and left the room came back with a gap btween her shirt and skirt to show her bra and panties were connected.

Jenna thought about what her master had told her should she do it.What would Jenna think of her if she found out that she was a slave.Would it change there relasion ship as freinds if so would it be in a good way or a bad way.She had always wanted to try being with a girl now her master was offering her a chance,But Jenna still wasent shure yet.Jenna truth or dare whch do you choose.Jenna replyed truth very quickly to jake.Ok then have you ever dremt of sleeping with another girl Jenna.
yes i have and it is something i would really want to do some time.Jake then turned to his sister and playfully said with a smile on his face what do you think of that Kristy.To which her reply was could be fun jake.The rounds whent on until it got to Jenna again when she was once again asked by her master truth or dare she quickly nodded her head and said dare please.

Jake nooded back to Jenna and asked her to leave the room so him and Kristy could discuss her dare if she dident mind.Thoe jenna new deep down in her hart that this was not a request from jake but more of a carefully frazed oder from her master.So Jenna quitely left the room wanting to know what they where going to say and What kristy would think of all this.Jenna was exstreamly woried but exstreamly exsited at the same time.she coould feel her self getting wet just thinking about what could happen over the night.

sudenly Jake came out of the lounge and and walked to Jenna then started talking to her.Ok kristy has agreed that if you choose so for the weekend she will be your mistress and help me dominate you slave if you agree strip to your underwear get on your hands and knees and follow me.Jenna new this was truely happening and she wouldent want it any other way.Jenna quickly striped to her underwear and dropped on to her hands and knees while replying yes master.She followed her master in to the room where her freind was sitting on the couch.Kristy took one look at Jenna and said so it is true you are a little slut for my brother.Ok since i now know this secreat of yours i will tell you one of mine.Kristy walked up to her best freind oon all fours like a dog and wisperd in to her ear i am bie and have always liked you as more then just a freind.



Jenna was afraid and excited at the same time hereing these words from her freind.Ok jenna now i am going to state your rules for this weekend kneel and remain quite untill i am done.Jenna quickly knelt on the floor and replyed with a yes master.First Of all from this point you will refer to me as master as you usally do and refer to Kristy as mistress.secound rule you will remain as you are in your underwear for the weekend uless told otherwhise by me or your new mistress.The thierd rule your mistress has as much power over you as i do.Your forth rule is that you will be on your hands and knees at all times uless instructed or kneeling where you have been told.If we leave the house at all panties may not be worn unless stated by us.All your genrale rules i gave you online still are in affect do you understand my slut.

Jenna new this was her cue to talk she quickly said yes master i understand and will obey.Good slave now that we have that sorted out your first oder is to go upstairs to your mistresses room and retreave the red bag i braght with me."Yes master" Jenna quickly went and retreaved the bag and returned to her master and her new mistress.Here we go master Jenna placed the bag at her masters feet.Ok slave kneel before your master and mistress and close your eyes.Jenna did as she was told then all of the sudden she felt something close around her neck.She also heard her master moving around her and then all of the sudden her master orderd her to get on her hands and knees and open her eyes.When Jenna opend her eyes she was shocked the first thing she saw was a mirror with her reflection.Then the red coller around her neck that wasent all atached to the coller was a leash and a tag saying masters pet.Jenna herd the words good pet but they where not from her master but from her new mistress.

Ok slave you will now wait here kneeling for your master and mistress to return is that understood "yes master".Once her master and new mistress had left it hit her for the very first time she was just Humiliated infront of her best freind and the worst thing was that she enjoyed it.she could allready feel her pussy lips getting very wet from how she was dressed and treated.She was trully her masters and mistresses slave not becuse they forced her to be but becuse she enjoyed being a slave and wouldent want it any other way.

"Kristy and jake where talking as they headed down to the basement of the house"See sis i told you it would work i mean you saw her on the web cam she will do allmost anything we tell her to.Yes you are right i am glad we arannged this before hand now lets get to the basement and add the finishing tuches on it."they both smiled from ear to ear as they went in to the basement.

Jenna had no idea how long she had been kneeling in the lounge wating for her nmaster and mistress to return but when they did return they odered her on to her hands and knees and pulled her along by the leash to the basement of the house.Jenna went throe the basement door after her mistress and master and her jaw dropped as soon as she enterd the room.

 

Jenna relised for the first time that night when she saw her masters smile as they walked in to the room that this was not fait but prearranged by her master and new mistress.They decieved her and the worst thing is Jenna wasent even mad she was happy about her place in the house becuse it pleased her master so it pleased her.
Jenna took the time to take in her sarroundings of the room it was amazeing how did they set the room up like this it must of cost alot of money.
Jenna looked in glee of the room hanging from the back wall where manice style cuffs there was a rack in the room.She also saw stuff that she had never seen befor there was a huge cross in one coner of the basement.a wierd chair in another.Jenna also spotted a cuburd with five draws in it she looked at it wondering what could be in those draws.

Just then Jenna's master spoke to her you want to know what things are in the draws dont you my slut"yes master"Ok then i will show you then slave follow me as you are"yes master".Jennas master opened the first draw at the top and pulled out two dilldoes this is what the top draw is full of .Her master opend the secound draw and pulled out a small sized object.Do you know what this is slave,"no master i dont master"It is a but plug slave this will be used on you alot this week slave.Jennas master put the plug back and opend the third draw and removed&nbsp; a item from the third draw.

Jenna new what this was and it scared her a little bit would her master use it on her now she hoped not she could not think of anything worse then that at the time.
Jenna moved back two steps then remmemberd she couldent go any further becuse of the leash.That was when she heard the words she was dreading from her master"open your moth slave"Jenna opend her mouth and felt the rubber ball gag being secured in her mouth now she could not talk if she wanted or needed to.
Jenna looked up at her master with pleeding eyes feeling helpless and powerles."no my pet i think i like you like this for now".

all this time kristy was watching and the she stepped up to her brother as he was about to open the next draw.Brother let me show the slave whats in the next draw it is my best toy to use on slaves"ok sis go for it"kristy opend the next draw and pulled out a mean looking whip this is the worst of the five in the draw slave pray it is not used on you.Then Kristy opend the fith and finale draw and pulled out a spreader bar this draw is full of restraints to be used on you slave.

Jenna's master and mistress started to pull her towards a dark coner when she got close she could not beleve her eyes it couldent be for her use could it.There in the coner of the basement was a steel cage big enoph for a persion on there hands and knees or for them to lie down.Jenna once again looked at her master with pleeding eyes but alas it did not help as her master pushed her in to the cage with a blanket And told Jenna to get some sleep she had a long day ahead of her tommrrow.



Jenna tryed to get as mutch sleep as she could in the small cage ,but it was not easy to do.Jenna must of tosed and turned for hours in the cage befor falling asleep from being so tired. Jenna was woken up at about 8:00 the next morning by her new mistress she was given oders to make breakfeast for the three of them.Jenna got out of the cage and went straight to the kitchen.She decided to make bakean and eggs with orange juice.when it was ready She saw there where only two plates set at the table.Jenna was just about to ask where the third plate and cup was when she noticed the two bowls on the floor she new what she had to do without being told.She dished for her master and mistress and pored them juice then did the same for her self in the bowls.Jenna could see the smile on there faceses as she did this.

after having breakfast Jenna was orderd to wash and pack away the dishes Jenna did so even thoe she did not really want to but it pleased her master's.
After she was finished with the dishes her mistress called her to her room ok slave your master has gone out today so i wish to play with you out of your underwear and lay on the bed slave"yes mistress".I will be back now slave do not move while i am gone"yes mistress".Kristy went down to the basemnt tol fetch some stuff she would need.When she got there she quickly got four pairs of cuffs,a ballgag,a blindfold ,a vibe and a but plug with a false tale hanging from it.She then hurried back upstairs to her bedroom where her best freand and long time crush was awiting her oders naked.

Jenna lay there thinking what her new mistress would do to her when she returned she could not help but get wet at the thaght of her freind haveing control over her.
when her mistress returned she oderd Jenna to spread her legs and arms to the coners of the four poster bed.Jenna was quickly cuffed to the bed by her mistress in the spreadeagle posishion.then her mistress told her to open her mouth as she did a ball gag was placed and fastend with in it.Jenna felt helpless tied and gaged like this befor Kristy/mistress but soon felt even more helpless as her eyes lost sight.

Jenna felt fingers down by her pussy then she heard the words from her mistress "i see you are allready wet my little slut "all Jenna could do was nod in agreement to her mistress.I will return soon slave then we will have some fun jenna nodded then herd her mistress leave the room.Jenna lay in silence for what felt like hours but was only really twenty miniuts.when her mistress enterd the room again she wonderd what Kristy had done while she was gone.Kristy she still could not beleave she had agreed to this her best freand as her mistress but it turned her on so mutch even thoe she had never thaught of Kristy that way.

kristy walked up to her freind and new slave and started to attach the nipple clamps she had retreaved from down stairs among other toys.She heard Jenna moan&nbsp; in pain through the gag as each clip was placed.then she decided to leave her like this for another twenty miniuts so she left the room without saying a word.Kristy went to make some tea and listen to the radio for a while.while Jenna lay naked gaged,blinfolded and handcuffed to a bed with clips on her nipples.

The time went by slowly for Jenna as her mistress had left her alone in the room again and the clips really hurt her nipples.Jenna new she was turned on by being bound and left this way but also wished her mistress would return.Jenna felt a hand on her chin but how she did not hear her mistress return but she was now next to jenna.Jenna felt her mistress put somthing against her clit then it started to vibrate.her mistress used the vibe on her to the point where she was desprate to cum but could not as she felt she might be about to cum the vibe stopped."10 miniuts not bad slave"was all Jenna herd from her mistress then she started the vibe again this time jennas mistress attempted 15 miniuts but on the twelth miniut Jenna couldent last and she came it was the best orgasem she had ever had.It took jenna a few miniuts to relize just what she had done she had broken one of her main rules that her master had given her.She felt very disapointed in her self and what she had done she came without permission.




meanwhile in town Jake was at a store that was dogey to say the least picking up one of the toys they had odered yesterday.He still could not beleve the phonecall he got from his parents this morning.he went over and over it in his head and each time it made him happyer.the phone call went somthing like this.

Hey mom
Hey Jake 
How is the holaday mom.
Grate we have decided to stay the month.
That is grate mom. 
Yes but we dont want your sister alone for that long so we where wondering since it is witer holydays would you mind staying with your sister for the mounth.
(Jake smiles) no not at all mom i will go there today.
Ok mom got to go love you
Bye Jake

Jake could not beleive there luck at that point he had rushed to his sister to tell her the good news.They both agreed that they should arrange to keep Jenna as there slave for the mounth long period that is why Jake went shopping and Kristy said she would use the slave.Kristy thaught about it for a secound that was how her and Jenna where in this situwashion Jenna had broken one of her brothers top rules.She came without the permision from her master/mistress.Kristy new what she had to do she started to remove jennas binings but left the gag in and removed the blindfold.Jenna was then pulled twards the basement by her mistress and the leash.

when they reached the make shift dungion Jenna was told by her mistress to stand up aganst the wall hands above her head legs spread wide apart.Jenna asummed the possion as she was odered to then her mistress started to bind her to the wall useing the manicles she had seen the night before.Once Jenna was bound Kristy went to fetch one of the whips from the set of draws.When she returned she asked the slave if she new wat she had done rong Jenna's&nbsp; fratic nodding gave her a frank yes.Kristy said then you understand why i am going to do this then.

without any futher words or warning Kristy hit Jennas left brest hard with the whip then her right she must of done this 5 times per brest befor she stopped.
Jenna thaught it was over but she was very rong just the target had chaged as she got 5 quick and hard whips across her pussy lips from her mistress she howled throe the gag with tears flowing down her eyes.After the punishement Kristy untied the slave and told her that her master would be back soon and that she should go and make lunch for them all.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 


Jenna was in the kitchen eating her food from the bowls on the floor as she did the day before.She was still sore from the whipping her mistress had given her about thirty miniuts.but she was more worried what was going on now with her master and mistress since her master got back they spoke so that she could not hear what they where saying.Jenna new they where talking about her becuse whenever she got close to them they would stop talking.when they had all finshed lunch jenna was oderd to clean the dishes then meat her master in the basement.Jenna quickly replyed with a "yes sir "and went to wash the dishes.

When she finished she got back on to her hands and knees and started to head to the basement as quickly as possable as not to keep her master waiting.When jenna finnaly got to the basement her master and mistress where there together.Jenna suddenly heard the words kneel from her masters mouth as she shunted to obey quickly.

Jake looked at her kneeling infront of him then started to speek to Jenna.Your mistress is going to get some rest while she dose that i have some things i wish to talk to you about slave.As Kristy left the room Jake pointed to two chairs and told Jenna to sit on one as he sat on the other he then told Jenna to lisyin and not interrupt she will be able to ask question after he is done exsplaining.Jake heard the words "yes sir"as he started to exsplain.Jenna our parents are going to be gone for the mounth witch is the rest of the hollydays for us.they asked me to stay with Kristy for that time.now i wish to ask you do you wish to remain my slave in this house while our parents are not here if so it will be for the full mounth you will not be forced it is by your choice.Also before you give me your reply to this question i wish to ask you another one Jenna.

She could not beleave it it was the first time in two days she had heard her name from eather of them he must be seariose about this.She sat there for a while thinking about the two questions she had asked her.she was enjoying being a slave but she dident quite know how to reply to her master asking to collar her as his and have her sign a contract.Jenna new that being a slave to her master and even her mistress and old freand for a week has been fun and imbarrasing at the same time.she new what to say to her master "sir may i have some time to think about the secound question the first one is a yes i will continue to serve you in persion as your slave for the mounth."

Jake looked up at her and smiled yes slave you may have some time to think about it but you agree to serve me and my sister for the mounth slave.
Jenna face blushed bright red as she replyed to her master with a quick "yes sir i do sir"Jake sat there for a momment then said good girl off the chair and on your knees then my slave.

Jenna quickly got off the chair sliding on to her knees while saying "yes sir" she new she had exstended her time of being a slave but was happy but scared at the same time.Jenna wanted to please her master she dident know why she just new she did and it would probally hurt her more then any punishment if she disapointed her master.Jenna new that being a slave seemed to be so natrule for her since she started she fell into the role rather quckly but was happy this way.she tought she was pretty sure she new the reply to her master allready but she wanted to be sure before she chose to be his collard slave.&nbsp;&nbsp; 

Kristy sat upstairs thinking to herself she new if Jenna accepptes her brothers offer things would be very diffrent btween the two of them.She new they would no longer be freinds but mistress and slave.This botherd her a little but it was not her choice it was Jenna's choice and if jenna could handle her as her mistress then she could handle jenna as her slave.She sat stairing out of the window not even relizing how late it was getting dinner should be made soon since her brother was still&nbsp; busy with Jenna she decided to make it.She headed to the kitch to see what they had in the house for her to make for dinner.

meanwhile in the basement Jenna was tied to a table with a vibe in her pussy on high her master had told her that he new about what had happend with her mistress earlyer in the day.Jenna thought she was in for more punishment but her master reashured her that she wasent very quickly.he had told her if she could stop from cumming for 15 miniuts he would then allow her to cum if not she would have to be punished.Jenna falt like she had been lieing on the table with the vibe in her for ever as&nbsp; she heard the bell of the alarm clock go.Jenna's master walked up close to her and wisperd in to her ear cum for me now my little slut.

Jenna had the most powerfull orgasem she had ever had in her life.Then and there she new her reply as she was still spaseming from her orgasem she screamed out "y&nbsp; ye yes s&nbsp; si sir i wish to be yours sir"once she had returned to normle she told her master that she will sign his contract and become his collard slave.
Jake smiled as he heard these words he new the lifes of Jenna His sister and himself where about to change.he then untide jenna from the table and told her to follow as normale as they headed for the kitchen.

&nbsp; 
When Jenna and Jake got to the kitchen Kristy was already sitting there waiting for dinner. Jake looked at them bouth and said they would organise takeaways food for dinner to celebrate Jenna agreeing to be his collared slave. They ordered pizza and cokes for dinner and Jenna was allowed to eat normally as well. Jenna was very happy when her master told her for the rest of the night she could do what she wanted. Jenna asked if they could all watch a movie together so they all watched batman. Jenna then used the phone to explain to her mom that she was going to stay at Kristy&#8217;s for the reminder of the holidays. 

Hey mom how is you tonight 
Hello Jenna good and you
Mom i am phoning to tell you i am going to spend the month at kristys because her parents decided to stay on holiday longer is that ok mom
Yes Jenna it is enjoy it 
Ok mom thanks got to go now see you when i get home mom 
Bye Jenna see you in a mouth

as she hung up Jenna thought if only her mother new what was going on at Kristy&#8217;s house.

Jenna heard Jake calling her by her name she was feeling out of place with him doing that but she quickly went to see what he wanted. when she arrived he asked her to sit down. She did so very slowly knowing it wisent an order tonight he was just Jake not her master and they talked for hours before they booth decided to get a good nights sleep.

Jenna was allowed to sleep in a bed so she new she would sleep well dreaming of the new level to there bondage relationship .She could not believe after just 3 weeks she was going to sign a slave contract. Jenna new that is what she wanted she loved her master (Jake) and would do anything for him. Jenna was a natural submissive and she now new this deep in her hart.

Jenna woke up with Jake shaking her awake she woke up then remembered she was once again her master&#8217;s slave without a word she slid out of bed and on to her knees. She looked up at her master eyes wide wandering what today would bring as his slave. What ever it was she would gladly do it no matter what it was she just wanted to serve him Jenna spoke for the first time morning master how may you slut serve you today master.

Jake smiled at her as he told her that she new what to do and then she crawled over to her master and took him in her mouth. she new this went against every thing her mother taught her but she was happy being a slut and slave to Jake. Even if that meant being a slave To Kristy she would do it so she could be with her master she had found her soul mate it was Jake.




After Jenna had finished giving her master a blowjob Jake put a leash on her collar. Her started to tug on the leash as he started to leave the room his new slave followed on her hands and knees. When they got into the kitchen Kristy was already there as they walked in she was making breakfast because Jake let Jenna sleep in a bit. Kristy looked at her friend and smiled as she said good morning slave. Morning mistress she says as she starts to kneel on the kitchen floor awaiting orders.

Slaves come and lick your mistress&#8217;s pussy while i finish up with the breakfast. Jenna crawls over to her mistress and says yes mistress before she starts to lick away. Jenna gave Kristy three orgasms before breakfasters ready and she was scared food and water in her bowls on the floor. When Jenna was finished eating she thanked her master and mistress for her food kneeling waiting for new orders.

Slaves go upstairs and shower and get ready to go out you may where what you find on the bed in my room and only that understand slut. Yes Master Jenna said as she crawled up the stairs to get ready to go out with her master. Jenna quickly showered and got dressed then went down stairs to the kitchen and knelt on the floor waiting.

Jake was in the lounge&nbsp; on the phone Jenna could not hear most of what he was saying but she did hear him booking a appointment for her for 11:00 she remained kneeling on the floor till Jake and Kristy came into the room. Jake came in slave remember what we spoke about last night slave. Yes master Jenna shook as she remembered what her master was talking about but also new she wanted to do it for her master. She was scared but if it pleased him then she would do it to prove her loyalty as his slave.

Slave you and I are only going out today your mistress is staying here as you my slave and only hers because i allow it. She said yes master are going now or later master. We shell leave now slave we have a few things to do before that appointment slut.




Jenna sat in the room waiting for her master to return thinking of the cloths she was made to whear by her master.A short black mini skirt a tight black top black ankle boots and no underwear.There was a time not to long ago that she would never of worn any of these things 
but now it made her master happy whitch in turn made her happy.

Jake returned to the room with a smile on his face after having spoken to kristy he looked at her.Well slave lets get going then i havent got allday to wait around for you.Jenna followed her master to the car as she got in her master started the car and they left.

Jenna sat quitely in her seat for the whole journy knowing she was a slave and a slave is not to speak unless spoken to.out the car slave and you may call me by my name while here in the mall&nbsp; unless tol otherwhise just remmember to respect me when you speak with me.Jenna nodded her head at her master then they headed into the mall.

Jake And Jenna entered a dress shop first Jenna was told by her master to find a nice eavening dress that she can whear when nessary.Jenna look at her master said yes jake and whent to find one aftrer 30 miniuts she found a black studded dress that she liked.Jake watched as she came towards him with the black dress in her hands and he decided to test her.

Jake looked at jenna do you like that one (leans close to her ear and whispers to her ) my sweet little slut.Yes i really do jake but i dont have money to pay for it jake how will i get it.Jake smiled as&nbsp; he looked at his slave we came in to this shop so we could get a discount.Jenna looked at him do you know some one who works here mast... jake.no i dont (leans close to her ear and whispers to her )&nbsp;&nbsp; you are going to get us the discount you are going to offer the sales man a blow job for discount my little slut .

Jenna face was covered with shock but&nbsp; she would try to do this so that she may please her master she would want to die if she disapointed her master.I will go now Jake as she started to walk towards the till.Jake watched in amazement as Jenna walked towards thetill Knowing what she had to do.He smiled to himself knowing she would do it and even thoe she was he slave he felt more for love and admaration.


 




&nbsp; 



&nbsp; 




 








 
 








Review This Story
 || Email Author:  HeadHunter_t


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





