BDSM Library - The Revenge of Magda




The Revenge of Magda
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  A young man plays a dangerous game with a female vampire and loses.






&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The Revenge of Magda



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; by: Dr. Phil (2010)





&nbsp;&nbsp; The vampire Magda looked disdainfully down at Ronald as he knelt naked on the floor of the crypt. His teeth were chattering and his hips involuntarily humped back and forth, as if contact with the thin air alone could mercifully give his pathetically engorged little cock the friction it needed for the release it craved. The release that he was about to sell his soul for.



&nbsp;&nbsp; Poor chubby little Ronald. Not really fat, but with a little round belly. Near-genius IQ, but socially inept, he was still a virgin at 27 years old. Tears of gut-wrenching need fell on the parchment that he had been bent over for the last hour and a half. It had taken him less than an hour to write, but the last half hour had been spent gathering the courage to sign it. For at least the 20th time, Magda shook her head in frustrated impatience and glared down at the naked little worm crouching before her, frog-like on his widely parted knees. His pale white hairless skin contrasting with the flaming red of his asscheeks, was alternately clenching in and thrusting back like the mating dance of a red-tailed baboon. 



&nbsp;&nbsp; Once again she touched the very tip of her pointed high heeled shoe to the rim of the anus that was winking open and closed in uncontrollable spasms.

 

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Sign it, you fool!&nbsp; If you make me wait one minute more I swear you will spend the first fifty years of your slavery in an agony even your perverted mind would find unimaginable!"



&nbsp;&nbsp; Ronald moaned and looked again at the document he had written. Too late to change anything now. Magda had him good, just like she said she would...





&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; *&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; *&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; *

 

&nbsp;&nbsp; She had been stalking him for nearly a year, Appearing before him in his bedroom as he lay naked each night, jerking his pathetic little cock as she laughed at him. She told him how she would win, and he would lose. And then he would spend eternity as her torture toy. Ronald played a dangerous and stupid little game with her, brought on by his horniness and fanned by his masochism. He teased her by 

pretending to be falling under her spell.



&nbsp; "What will you do to me if I become your slave, Magda?" he'd panted out to her as his little legs kicked and his wrist pumped faster. Her answer was always the same:



&nbsp; "I will do what you beg me to do, you little worm!"



&nbsp; Ronald would laugh at her. He knew she couldn't touch him without his consent. He would lick his upper lip to taunt her, then his whole body would stiffen as he cried "Oh God!!!!" and pump his sticky sperm all over his round little belly before collapsing back down onto the bed.



&nbsp; "One day you'll be mine, little piglet, and I will make you wiggle and beg for all eternity!" she snarled, before transforming into a bat and flying out the bedroom window that Ronald always kept slightly open. Such a dangerous game for a smart-assed little masochist. But he truly believed that he would always win, and he so loved teasing and frustrating Magda. Night after night Magda would come to him, and each night she would leave angry and frustrated as he taunted her before squirting his sticky white mess all over his chubby little body. 

&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp; This dangerous dance continued for about nine months until one day Ronald found some interesting information in an old book he had bought at an estate auction. Ronald knew that Magda could not touch him without his consent. He also knew that it would take three bites from a vampire, all consensual, for him to become enslaved. This was never going to happen. What he learned that day was 

that the consensual bite from a vampire was said to result in the most exquisite and long-lasting orgasm known to man. 



&nbsp;&nbsp; Ronald decided that he would trick Magda into one, and only one, consensual bite. He would have an orgasm that he would remember for the rest of his life. Ronald was so excited by this that he stripped himself down bare ass naked and spent the rest of the day edging himself to the brink of orgasm, over and over again, each time using every ounce of willpower to pull his hands away from his twitching little stiffie as he groaned, and giggled, and waited for Magda to come.



&nbsp;&nbsp; That night Magda came as always. She flew through the partially opened window, left open as usual just to taunt her, and morphed into her human form. Magda was not the most beautiful woman in the world, but she wasn't bad if you liked that type. Tall and darkly menacing, dressed in black leather and lace, Magda stood six feet tall. With her high heels she was six feet four inches tall and towered 11 inches over Ronald when he was standing. Of course, Ronald wasn't standing now. Tonight he was naked on his bed with his legs spread wide and his little dick hard as a nail, all five inches of it curved and pointing back towards his belly button. He was lightly stroking his middle finger along the underside up near the head. The bags under his eyes suggested that he had been at himself for a long time.



&nbsp;&nbsp; "Still can't keep your hands off that little patch of skin, eh?" Magda said with a derisive snort. When your ass is mine I'll teach you a lesson about the proper way to greet a guest."



&nbsp;&nbsp; Ronald moaned and spat out: "Leave me alone tonight, you ugly old bat! Something's wrong tonight. I can't get over the edge and it's driving me crazy. I only came twice today. Something's just not right. Get your ass out of here and leave me alone!" he cried.



&nbsp;&nbsp; Magda's eyebrows raised a little and her perpetual smirk took on an even more threatening look.



&nbsp;&nbsp; "I can get you off, you pathetic loser. Just one little bite on the neck and you'll have an orgasm better than anything you could even dream of."



&nbsp;&nbsp; "Listen, you bitch. I'm NEVER going to be your slave, so get over it and get out!" Ronald practically sobbed. Such a good acting job, he congratulated himself.



&nbsp;&nbsp; "No, this one's a freebie. I promise" she said. "This will not make you my slave, and I can't lie about that. Your slavery, when it happens, has to be by your own consent. Once you're mine, I'll hang you upside-down by your feet and whip the hide off of your pathetic fat ass. But this one is just so I can laugh at you jerking yourself off. One little bite. It won't even hurt. And you won't be my slave; you'll just stay a pathetic jerk-off while I laugh at you."



&nbsp;&nbsp; Ronald acted as if he were considering all this. In reality he was incredibly excited. He only had two shots at what would become the longest, most intense orgasms of his life, and the first one was potentially only moments away. He was so horny already from edging himself all day long that he could hear his own voice shaking as he slowly said the words he thought he'd never say.



&nbsp; "Alright Magda, just one bite."



&nbsp; Magda's black eyes gleamed in anticipation and her face twisted into a feral snarl as she hissed:



&nbsp;&nbsp; "I've got you now you little fat pig" and with that she opened her mouth wide displaying a horrifying set of fangs straight out of a horror movie. Ronald caught his breath as the vampire leaped upon him with her mouth going for his neck. He tried to say "Nooooo!" just as he felt the teeth sink into his neck. 



&nbsp;&nbsp; Strangely, it didn't hurt. It was as if he had a section of his neck being sucked into a tube, but held so tightly that he could never break away. He felt the two fangs holding him in place. Suddenly there were stars swirling before his eyes. His arms shot straight out to the sides and his eyes were wide open in shock. The pleasure was indescribable! It felt as if there were a direct connect to every erogenous zone in his body, with special emphasis on his balls, and on that little patch of skin on the underside of his penis head that was his favorite spot to rub. Magda's hand went right to that spot and started tickling it with one clawed finger. Ronald began wriggling like a fish and moaning "Oh God!! Oh God!!" His legs began shaking and sweat popped out on his forehead. The orgasm was indeed the most intense he had ever experienced. Probably the most intense any man had ever experienced. Ronald began moaning and tried wiggling on the bed but Magda overpowered him, easily.



&nbsp;&nbsp; Ronald reached his peak and started spurting, and spurting. Six, seven, eight spurts of sticky cum spraying over himself and the bed. Some of it even landed on Magda, who was laughing and whispering: 

&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Squeal little piggy! Soon you'll be my slave! Squeal!!!"



&nbsp;&nbsp; Eleven spurts! Twelve!! Thirteen!!! He was still convulsing, shooting blanks now, but still the orgasm kept on. After a couple of minutes the orgasm finally started to end. Ronald's head was soaked in sweat and there was sticky cum all over the place. Ronald's whole body was shaking like a leaf in the after throes and he kept mumbling "Oh God!! Oh God!! Oh God!!"



&nbsp;&nbsp; "God can't help you now, little worm. Your only god now is me! And when you are finally mine you will squirm and beg ME, for eternity!" she cackled in triumph.



&nbsp;&nbsp; Even as she crouched over him, still pinning him with her weight, she began to transform into her bat form. The weight on him eased and he found himself staring into the tiny black eyes of a hovering bat. The eyes seemed to be laughing at him, then it turned and flew out the window. Ron was left naked and twitching on the bed. As he slowly came down from the orgasm he was thinking that he still had one of these left. He would experience this again, but it had to last a lifetime. He decided that he would wait at least ten years, maybe more, before he spent his second bite. With this thought, the totally exhausted man closed his eyes and slept.



&nbsp;&nbsp; He woke up the next morning at noon. He was covered in dried cum and was still a little wobbly and sore when he stood up. Fortunately it was a Sunday and he stumbled into a hot shower and cleaned himself up. As he was rinsing himself off and slowly coming back to life, Ron smiled at the way he had outsmarted Magda. She thought she had him last night, but he knew what he was doing the entire time. And he was right. He did get the kind of orgasm that he would remember and savor all of his life. A once in a lifetime experience. But he still had another one banked away that he could draw on later in life. Something to look forward to. All he had to do was to make sure Magda kept coming back. She was like a fish on a line and he would keep her that way. She'd never get him, of that he was sure now. But he'd have fun leading her on and teasing her for a few years until he chose to extract part two from her. He'd then send her away with a laugh and let her go looking for a new victim.



&nbsp;&nbsp; That night, as Ronald lay naked on his bed stroking his raging hard-on, he glanced at the partially open window, but Magda did not come. And neither did Ronald. He stroked himself until his arm hurt, then he switched hands. He got close a few times, but it just wasn't enough to get him over the edge. The physical and mental memory of his last orgasm was so intense that what he was doing now just couldn't measure up. It was just inadequate. Ronald had never had this happen to him before, and he was just grateful that Magda wasn�t around to laugh at his failure. Oh well, he thought, his body just needed to recover a little. It was probably not a bad idea to give it a little rest.



&nbsp; Magda didn't come the next night either. Neither did Ronald. He began to worry a bit about this. Tuesday and Wednesday brought no relief. Each night he lay on his bed and pounded his little dick to no avail. He was horny as hell, but each time he got close he'd begin to lose his edge and fall back in frustration. By Thursday night he was sobbing in frustration. 



&nbsp; On Friday night Ronald was so horny that he was vibrating. He lifted his legs up about a foot and spread them wide. His right hand flew up and down his cock as his ass and his belly shook with the pounding. His eyes were screwed shut with the effort as he panted "Oh please! I gotta cum. I just gotta cum. Oh please... Please!!!"



&nbsp;&nbsp; "Oh, I love the sound of you begging for an orgasm, you pathetic little loser." 



&nbsp;&nbsp; Ronald's eyes snapped open as he saw Magda tilt her head back and laugh at him. He was still bouncing his ass on the bed and pumping his dick. Magda stuck her tongue on her upper lip and pumped her own fist in a jerking motion, mocking Ronald's efforts.



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "It's not going to happen, you know. When I bit you last week, my saliva entered your bloodstream like a poison. It does two things to you. First it makes you CRAVE an orgasm all the time like a perverted little sex fiend, which is what you already are. Second, it blocks your body's ability to achieve climax until I allow it. 



&nbsp;&nbsp; "If I do allow you to have another orgasm, which I probably won't, it would be as intense as the one that you had last week. Remember that one, little pig? You want that again? You can have another one like that any time I allow it. Maybe I'll relent in a few years and let you have another one, just so you'll miss it more. But don't count on it. Hahahaha!"



&nbsp;&nbsp; "Please Magda. Oh God! Please! Don't leave me like this!"



&nbsp;&nbsp; "Leave you? Why would I ever want to so something as silly as that? No, I'll keep coming to see you jerk off every night. You won't be able to stop yourself from trying. I'll sit here and laugh at you. I don't think I'll ever let you come again for the rest of your life!"



&nbsp;&nbsp; "NO!!!! Please! I can't live like this. Please!"



&nbsp;&nbsp; "Oh, I'm going to love watching you and hearing you beg! But I tell you what. You still have one more `freebie' left. Remember? It'll be the best, and last, orgasm of your life. Maybe. But you're going to have to beg me for that second bite. And there's a time limit. If I don't bite you by Sunday, that's the day after tomorrow, worm, then I'll never give you that second freebie and you'll never cum again. That's midnight on Sunday, but you're going to have to beg real hard or you're not getting anything, ever again."



&nbsp;&nbsp; "Oh please Magda. Please, please bite me again. I beg you!!" Ronald pleaded, still pumping on his hard little cock.



&nbsp;&nbsp; "No. You don't amuse me. I want more humility from you, you pathetic little ball of boiling cum." Magda snorted derisively.



&nbsp;&nbsp; Ronald continued pleading and humping. Magda stayed about an hour, laughing at him, then abruptly changed into her bat form and flew out the window. Ronald seemed to get more and more desperate as he pumped and humped and begged the empty room to let him cum. Just before dawn he fell asleep from exhaustion. 



&nbsp;&nbsp; He spent the day trying not to think about cummimg. It didn't work. He prayed that Magda would come that night so that he could beg her for the second bite. He wasn't thinking beyond that. All he knew was that he HAD to cum tonight or he would go mad.



&nbsp;&nbsp; That night Ronald was naked on his bed, with tears in his eyes, trying to bring himself off, but it just wouldn't happen. The poison in his blood kept him at a peak of arousal, and it seemed to be getting worse. Through blurry eyes he saw a bat fly through the wide open window and then materialize into a scowling Magda. Ronald's heart leaped with joy to see his salvation and he immediately rolled off the bed and crawled to where Magda was still forming.



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Please Magda, Please! Give me the second bite. I need it so bad. Please! I'll do anything!"



&nbsp;&nbsp; "You disgusting little worm! Is that how you greet a guest? Get your hand off that filthy little cock of yours. Can you leave that tiny little thing alone long enough to greet me properly?"



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Ronald reluctantly took his hand off his throbbing cock, and trembled as he struggled not to grab for it again.



&nbsp;&nbsp; "P-pp-please M-m-mistress Magda.&nbsp; P-please give me the s-second bite. Pleeease!!" he whined miserably.



&nbsp;&nbsp; "So, it's Mistress Magda now? No more insults, no more old hag comments. Now you seem to like me?"



&nbsp;&nbsp; "Yes M-mistress Magda.&nbsp; Please give me the second bite. Please."



&nbsp;&nbsp; Magda stared at him, hungrily, then in a flash she bent down and picked him up like a baby. He was stunned by her quickness and her incredible strength as she took a few steps and deposited him on his bed, face up. She opened her mouth wide and displayed a fearsome set of fangs to the terrified young man. Then she roughly turned his head sideways and sunk her fangs into his neck. Ronald once again felt the suction and the fangs holding him helpless. He felt his blood being sucked away. After a few seconds she withdrew her fangs and then stepped back from the bed and grinned evilly at him as he waited for the reaction. Nothing happened!



&nbsp;&nbsp; "You see how much control I have over you now, little worm? Even now you still can't have your unholy relief until I will it." Then she laughed and said "Alright you pathetic little pig. You can cum now."



&nbsp;&nbsp; Immediately Ronald felt the orgasm begin and build, and build, and build until he was thrashing about on the bed spurting his seed everywhere. He had grabbed hold of his cock again and was rubbing and spurting and moaning like a madman. Twelve... thirteen... fourteen...&nbsp; still he rubbed, and still he orgasmed! The amount of cum tapered off but still he convulsed in orgasmic contractions. Sixteen... seventeen thrusts before his body finally relaxed and he sobbed openly, his whole body convulsing as he gulped for air and finally lay still, weeping.



&nbsp;&nbsp; He heard Magda chuckling behind him. "That was your last freebie, little worm. The last super-orgasm for you. I may take pity on you and allow you an orgasm every few years or so, if it amuses me to do so, but I'll only allow it to be one of your regular pathetic little orgasms. It will release some of the pressure, but you will never again experience what you just had."



&nbsp; With that she transformed back into her bat form and flew out the window, leaving a pathetic broken man curled up naked on his bed, weeping like a baby.



&nbsp;&nbsp; Ronald slept as he was, naked and covered in his own cum, until about four o'clock in the morning. He woke up and trudged into the shower to clean the crud off of his body, and to think.



&nbsp;&nbsp; When he was dried off he put on a robe and went into the kitchen to get a cup of coffee. As he was pouring his coffee he found himself getting horny again. He took his coffee into the living room and sat down in his chair and tried to think about his options. He'd had two bites from the vampire. A third bite was out of the question, as he would become Magda's slave for all eternity. He knew he couldn't go very long without cumming, as it would surely drive him mad. The only other way that he could cum is if Magda allowed it. In effect, he was Magda's slave already. The only difference was that at least he had death to release him from her control. The only problem with that was that he was too much of a coward to take that release. Eventually, he knew in his heart, Magda would get him. He felt his horniness surge at that thought and his cock was already hard as he began weeping in despair. Eventually he fell asleep again in his chair.



&nbsp;&nbsp; Ronald woke to a raging erection. He'd never felt this horny before in the morning. He grabbed hold of his stiff little cock with his thumb and two fingers and began urgently rubbing it up and down. It made him even hornier! When he used one finger to start tapping at that special little spot on the underside of his penis, right under the head, he almost shot straight up out of the bed. With the second bite he now had twice as much of the vampire's saliva in his blood and that made him horny beyond belief. He was sure that he was hornier now than he had ever been in his life, and he had only been awake a couple of minutes! With horror, Ronald realized that Magda must have known this would happen and this would explain her smug smile as she stared him down last night. She's probably laughing at his predicament right now, he thought with an embarrassed sob.



&nbsp;&nbsp; Ronald spent the rest of the day naked. He rubbed at himself constantly. It was like an itch that felt great to scratch but never went away and always got worse. By that evening he was lying face down on the floor of his bedroom, crying and rubbing his penis head back and forth along the coarse fibers of his rug. His ass was raising and lowering and his teeth were chattering as the warm friction felt good, but try as he may he still couldn't get over the edge. He hunched back and forth fast and sobbed louder and more pathetically.



&nbsp;&nbsp; "So, you still don't know how to greet a guest, do you? We'll have to take care of that detail later." Ronald froze in mid-stroke. "Get that ugly fat ass down and out of my face, you pathetic little worm. If you were my slave now I'd slap that white ass of yours until it was bright red!"



&nbsp;&nbsp; "Oh please Mistress Magda, you can slap my ass now if you like. I'll do anything for you. Just please allow me to cum." cried Ronald frantically.



&nbsp;&nbsp; "So, you give me permission to touch you?" she asked, arching her eyebrow, with a corner of her mouth turning up into a smirk.



&nbsp;&nbsp; "Y-yes. Anything. Please touch me and let me cum." he pleaded, half out of his mind with lust.



&nbsp;&nbsp; Magda used the point of her high heeled shoe to flip Ronald over onto his back. His stiff little cock was curved and tip was red where had had been rubbing it. His soft little belly was shaking as he sobbed. He instinctively reached for his cock but she slapped his hand away.



&nbsp;&nbsp; "Where you're going you won't be doing that without permission, little worm."



&nbsp;&nbsp; "W-where am I going?" he squeaked out.

 

&nbsp;&nbsp; "To your new home!" she laughed, and then she bent down and lifted him in her arms as if he weighed nothing. She took two long strides and jumped out of the window. It was a second floor window but Magda landed softly and began running with her prize into the woods. 



&nbsp;&nbsp; Ronald felt helpless, like a naked offering being carried further and further into the woods as his stiff little cock waggled obscenely in the wind. His teeth began chattering again, not so much from the slight chill in the night air as from the incredible horniness he felt pulsing through his veins, being fed, in part, from his helpless and his nakedness outdoors. Ronald had always been a closeted masochist, and Magda seemed to sense this and used it against him.



&nbsp;&nbsp; It won't be long now, little piggy!" she laughed. She seemed happier than he ever remembered seeing her before. He surrendered to his helplessness as the moonlight allowed him to watch the trees zip past him. She must have been running quite fast and his weight seemed to be no burden to her at all. He didn't know how long she ran because time seemed like a blur, but eventually she started to slow down. There was a large, very old white house that seemed to be falling apart, and next to it was what looked like an abandoned graveyard. There was a door built into a hill and she carried him through the opening and down into the pitch darkness. He could smell the dampness and the mildew around him, but he could see light ahead of him.



&nbsp;&nbsp; Magda carried him into what looked like a crypt under the abandoned cemetary. The crypt had a much higher ceiling than he would have guessed, and there were coarse old pieces of furniture like tables and benches scattered around. He also saw old rope and chains, which made him gulp and wet his lips nervously. The crypt was lit by numerous lanterns and candles and the flickering lights gave the place an even eerier feel, if that were possible.



&nbsp;&nbsp; Magda deposited him on the floor in the middle of the crypt. Ronald lay there, shivering in need, his cock pulsing up and down, the tip occasionally touching the bottom of his bulging little belly.



&nbsp;&nbsp; She kicked him with the point of her shoe and said:&nbsp; "Roll over, worm." As he was doing this she walked over to the side of the crypt and sat down on on old wooden straight back chair.



 "I want you to crawl over here like a worm, using just your arms, and then I want you to drape yourself over my lap so that your chest and arms are on one side and your fat ass is on top, sticking up in the air,"



&nbsp; Ronald sobbed and said "Then you'll let me cum. After the spanking. Right. Please!" 



&nbsp; "Then I'll think about it. Now get your fat ass over here. Don't make me wait, little piggy, or I'll be roasting your ass instead of spanking it!"



&nbsp; Ronald gasped and, using just his arms, began to drag his body over to where Magda was seated. His stiff penis grazed the crypt floor a few times, but it only seemed to make him hornier. When he arrived at her feet he looked up and saw a look of smug satisfaction as she rubbed her palms together and patted her lap. Ronald swallowed hard, then slowly got up and draped himself across her lap. His penis slipped down between her legs and she pressed them together to hold it in place.



&nbsp;&nbsp; "I've been waiting a long time for this, little worm!"



&nbsp;&nbsp; Magda lifted her right hand and brought it down on the doomed pudgy backside lying over her lap. A loud crack resonated off of the crypt walls followed almost immediately by and even louder "OWWWWWWW!!" from Ronald as he felt the pain.



&nbsp;&nbsp; Magda smiled as she saw a bright red handprint appear on the white skin. She ignored his cry and continued slapping the ass over and over and over.



&nbsp;&nbsp; Ronald cried out again and again. After five hard slaps he was kicking his legs and squirming across Magda's lap, but she held him tightly with her left hand and squeezed his trapped penis between her strong legs. After twenty hard slaps, Ronald was sobbing hysterically and trying to wiggle off her lap. This friction caused his penis to throb even more and he involuntarily began thrusting it up and down to rub it as much as possible.



&nbsp;&nbsp; "Whoa! Looks like the little pervert likes getting his ass spanked. Is that true? Are you enjoying your spanking a little too much?" she taunted him.



&nbsp;&nbsp; "No! Stop it. Please stop. I can't take any more" he sobbed, still thrusting up and down and wiggling.



&nbsp;&nbsp; "Too late for that, worm. You gave me your consent, and once that was done it can't be taken back! I've really got you now!" SLAP! SLAP! SLAP! SLAP!



&nbsp;&nbsp; After one hundred hard slaps Magda paused. Not because she was tired or needed a rest, but because she wanted to enjoy listening to Ronald cry and beg, and feel him squirming on her lap. He was still humping his trapped penis between her legs! What joy this brought to her. After a couple of minutes of this enjoyment Magda began slapping ass some more. SLAP! SLAP! SLAP! SLAP!



&nbsp;&nbsp; On and on it went. After two hundred hard slaps she finally stopped. Ronald was sobbing so hard he could barely breathe. His ass was bright beet red and you could feel the heat coming off of it.



&nbsp;&nbsp; Magda opened her legs and pushed Ronald off her lap to the floor.



&nbsp;&nbsp; "That was a warm up. The real spankings begin tomorrow. Now climb up onto that table and lay on your back."



&nbsp;&nbsp; Ronald, still heaving with sobs, climbed up onto the table and lay on his back. His penis was still hard! Magda grabbed hold of his hips and slid him down so that his red ass hung just over the edge of the table. She pulled his knees up and back to his chest and spread them wide.



&nbsp;&nbsp; "Hold onto your legs and keep them like this. If you close them or let them down for even a second I'll put you back over my lap and give you the next two hundred spanks."



&nbsp;&nbsp; Ronald was still sobbing, but he did as he was told. The idea of another spanking was terrifying.



&nbsp;&nbsp; Magda pulled up a chair and, like a queen, she preened herself and then set to work on that favorite little patch of skin that Ronald loved to rub. Normally it was on the underside of his penis near the tip, but the way that he was lying it was right on top, just begging to be touched. And so she touched it. A lot.



&nbsp;&nbsp; The first time that Magda touched Ronald's special spot he moaned and almost let go of his legs, but he managed to hold on. The second time she touched it, he moaned even louder. Then Magda placed her finger into her mouth and loaded it up with her saliva. She quickly rubbed her saliva right onto that spot and tickled it a bit with her clawed finger. The poison in her saliva seeped into Ronald's penis through the pores of his skin and made him wildly aroused. He held onto his legs but he wiggled his ass around on the edge of the table as if it were on fire. Magda snorted with derision, then she got up and went to a small cabinet and took out a small stiff-bristled brush. She spit on it several times, loading it up with her saliva, but this times she touched it to Ronald's anus, lightly brushing it around the edges and then twirling it in and out a few times.



&nbsp;&nbsp; For the next hour Magda sat on her little chair, touching the stiff little bristles alternately on Ronald's penis tip and anus. Romnald cried and begged her to stop the torment, or at least to tie his hands underneath his knees so that he wouldn't accidentally let go in his writhing. At the end of an hour it was safe to say that Ronald was more aroused, needy, and frustrated than he had ever been.



&nbsp;&nbsp; That's when Magda leaned close to his face and breathed into his ear that she planned to never let him orgasm again.



&nbsp;&nbsp; "NOOOOO!!" he screamed. "You can't do that. I'll die if I can't cum!"



&nbsp;&nbsp; "That's the beauty of it" laughed Magda. "I can keep you alive for decades. You're twenty-seven years old now. There's no reason that I can't keep you alive until you're ninety. And I plan to do just that. I'll feed you dog food and keep you in this crypt, torturing you just like this for the next sixty-three years. And you'll never cum again!"



&nbsp;&nbsp; Magda leaned her head back and laughed out loud. "And when I get bored with you, or need a break, I have a number of assistants, male and female, who can keep you squirming and begging in my absence.&nbsp; If you were my slave I would have to let you cum once in awhile, but as my prisoner I can keep you just like this for the rest of your life!"



&nbsp;&nbsp; Ronald's mind was nearly snapped. All he could think about was cumming.



&nbsp;&nbsp; "Bite me now, Mistress Magda. Give me the third bite and let me cum. Please!"



&nbsp;&nbsp; Magda pursed her lips and paused for a moment, as if deep in thought.



&nbsp;&nbsp; "No" was her surprise answer. "I've changed my mind. I think it would amuse me much more to just keep you here squirming in need and denial for the next sixty-three years. Definitely more amusing."



&nbsp;&nbsp; "Please Mistress Magda. I'm begging you. Please give me the third bite. Please, oh please. I want it so much. I'll do anything!" Then Ronald broke down into sobs, even as Magda continued tormenting him with the little brush.



&nbsp;&nbsp; "Hmmm... let me think... I tell you what, little worm. I will set you a task. If you can complete it to my satisfaction then I will reward you with my bite, and the most intense orgasm that you could ever imagine."



&nbsp;&nbsp; "Yes! Yes, I'll do it. Anything Mistress. Anything!" Ronald sobbed.



&nbsp;&nbsp; Magda put the brush down and stood up.&nbsp; Get off that table little worm and get back down on the floor on that chubby little belly of yours."



&nbsp; Magda went to the cabinet and came back with a piece of parchment, a bottle of ink, and a pen. She walked over to a spot on the floor and she placed them all on the floor, then grabbed two lanterns and set them on the floor next to the parchment.



&nbsp;&nbsp; "Crawl over here little worm. Kneel here with you legs spread as wide as you can get them. Now listen to me and listen well. You will take this pen and ink and you will write me a letter. In that letter you will detail your strongest and most humiliating fantasies. The ones that you rub off to every night. Understand that I already know what they are, you filthy little pervert, and they disgust me. But in order to shame you I want you to write them out onto this parchment. Then I want you to write that you beg me to give you the third bite and to do every disgusting thing to you that you have ever dreamed of in your fantasies. Rest assured that if you lie or leave anything out, I will know about it. This will be your one and only chance. Fail this and you will find yourself squirming up on that table once more and you will never again have this opportunity. Start now", and she pointed to the pen.



&nbsp;&nbsp; Ronald took the pen and the ink and stared at the parchment. He paused for awhile to collect his thoughts. His cock was still throbbing with need and his teeth were chattering. Magda touched the tip of her pointed high heel shoe to Ronald's quivering anus causing him to gasp and involuntarily hunch his hips several times.



&nbsp;&nbsp; "Don't think. Just write! Write it all down. If you leave anything out I will know and you will be severely punished." 



&nbsp;&nbsp; Ronald leaned forward, causing his widely parted flaming red ass to point up and outwards towards Magda, and he began to write.



&nbsp;&nbsp; At first it was just random lines of thought. His submissiveness was at the forefront of most of his fantasies. He wrote about how he wanted to be dominated by women. Any women. Forced to do obscene things while others watched. As he continued writing it became easier to pull his thoughts together. Anchoring his deep submissiveness was his masochism, and hand in hand with that were his exhibitionist tendencies. These are the things that drove him to the depths of despair whose edge he was now teetering on. The way he teased Magda in his bedroom. His masturbation. His secret hopes that she would catch him and punish him. The shame that he craved. He outlined his most outrageous and secret fetishes and fantasies. Things that if known by others would shame him to the core. The fetishes. The fears. His masochism drove his writing onward. His exhibitionism, in a perverse twist, drove him to try and shock Magda with the intensity of his fantasies and perversions.



&nbsp; Every once in a while Magda would urge him on with a poke of her shoe to his anus. He was humping air now as he wrote, trying desperately to shock and to leave no perversion out of his humiliating manifesto.



&nbsp; Ronald wrote for nearly an hour, occasionally reaching under and between his legs to fondle or pull on his cock.&nbsp; Magda didn't seem to mind this as his horniness drove him on, but she continued to prod his asshole with her toe whenever his writing seemed to slow down. Finally he finished with a statement begging Magda to enslave him with her third bite and to subject him to all of his fetishes and fantasies.



&nbsp;&nbsp; When he was finished he put the pen down. All that was left was to sign the document, but Ronald chose to read it all first. What he read made him squirm and wonder for the first time if perhaps he had written too much. He read and re-read the document. He picked up the pen several times only to freeze up, looking for the courage to sign it and seal his doom. He felt Magda's toe once again prod his convulsing asshole as she snarled in impatience:



&nbsp;&nbsp; "Sign it, you fool!&nbsp; If you make me wait one minute more I swear you will spend the first fifty years of your slavery in an agony even your perverted mind would find unimaginable!"



&nbsp;&nbsp; Ronald moaned and looked again at the document he had written. Too late to change anything now. Magda had him good, just like she said she would...





&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; *&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; *&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; *



&nbsp;&nbsp; His hand shaking, and his penis leaking strands of pre-cum that stained the edges of the parchment, Ronald again picked up the pen and leaned over the document. With his red ass still humping the air and his teeth chattering, he signed his name on the document. 



&nbsp;&nbsp; Magda used her foot to push him over and out of the way as she snatched up the parchment and started reading it aloud.&nbsp; She taunted him as she laughed her way through it.



&nbsp;&nbsp; "My my my, you are one sick little piggy... Hmmm... You want to be walked on a leash and have people laugh at you... exhibitionist, eh?&nbsp; You actually like showing off your chubby little body and your tiny little stiff dick? Well little worm, you're going to be doing a LOT of that from now on!" 



&nbsp;&nbsp; She continued to read the document, shaking her head and snorting in derision as Ronald lay on his back, his penis still twitching, sobbing in shame and arousal.



&nbsp;&nbsp; When she was through laughing, her face took on a serious look as she stared at him with loathing in her eyes. She opened her mouth wide and hissed at him as she displayed her terrifying fangs. She slowly crouched over him, bringing her mouth closer to his neck. Their eyes locked. Ronald screamed in horror as he felt her mouth on his neck, the fangs sinking in, the suction as she held him and began to drink his blood. More blood this time than either of the first two bites. Ronald's head swam as he felt the blood leaving his vein. Magda continued to suck. Master and Slave forever...



&nbsp;&nbsp; When she finally pulled away from him, Ronald opened his eyes wide and held his breath, waiting for the mind-shattering orgasm that he expected.



&nbsp;&nbsp; Magda chuckled and said: "Oh, does the little piggy want his orgasm now? Well you're going to have to wait. I control your orgasms now, and forever more. I get to say when and where you can have one, and it's not now, and it's not here."



&nbsp;&nbsp; Ronald looked on in shock as she continued:



&nbsp;&nbsp; "I'm going to tie you up for the rest of the night, horny and frustrated and twitching. I'm going to get some sleep in the house, but I'll come back for you in the afternoon. What's that? You think I can only come out at night? That's a myth, little pig. We vampires can be out during the day if we want, it's just that we prefer the night and so usually do our sleeping during the day. In a bed. Unlike you, who will be sleeping naked in bondage, alone in a dark crypt under a cemetery. Crying all night, twitching and humping and begging for any lost soul to come by and stroke your needy little dick for you."



&nbsp;&nbsp; Magda bent down and picked Ronald up as if he were weightless. She carried him over to her chair and sat down, draping Ronald across her lap. Ronald screamed in horror as she began slapping his already red ass again. He was begging and kicking his feet after the first slap as Magda told him that she expected her new slave to have a red ass and a leaking cock at all times. After fifty slaps she pushed him off her lap, then got up and pulled out a large thick blanket from a cabinet. She spread it out on the floor and then picked up Ronald again and laid him on it face down. She used some rope to tie him into a hog-tie.



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "There, a hog-tie is a great position for my little piggy to be in. By the way, I didn't put that blanket down for your comfort. I put it down so that you could have something to rub that pathetic little penis against all night long.&nbsp; I'm going to sleep well knowing that you're tied naked in the crypt, unable to stop rubbing that pathetic little stiffie against the blanket all night. No cumming for you tonight! Just lots of rubbing!



&nbsp;&nbsp; She laughed as she extended her hands outward and in an instant all of the lamps and candles extinguished, leaving the crypt in total darkness. Ronald sobbed and begged not to be left alone like that all night, but the only sound he heard was the flutter of bat wings leaving the crypt. Already he was humping and rubbing.



&nbsp;&nbsp; Around mid afternoon Magda came into the crypt to fetch Ronald. She found him sleeping soundly in his hogtie. She had sent a couple of her Creatures of the night in to check on him. They crept in and quietly enjoyed watching him humping and rubbing the tip of his penis against the blanket, They occasionally made slight noises in the dark just to keep him worried. They reported back that he finally fell asleep from exhaustion a little before dawn. Magda thanked the Creatures and promised them they could have occasional nights playing with Ronald all night in the crypt.



&nbsp;&nbsp; Magda dressed differently in the daylight. Today she seemed dressed to tease. She had on a pair of tight fitting trousers, black leather boots, and a white shirt. She was carrying a black leather riding crop.



&nbsp;&nbsp; She walked over to where Ronald was sleeping and gave him a sharp slap on the ass with her crop.



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Wake up, little pig. You've got a long HARD day ahead of you today." She intentionally stressed the work `hard'.



&nbsp;&nbsp; Ronald woke quickly from the slap. He looked terrible. He had pee'd himself sometime during the night and he was lying in the wet spot on the blanket. Dried pre-cum was all over the blanket too. She quickly untied him and made him lie flat on his belly and drag himself along the floor until he got to the entrance to the crypt. At that point she had him get up on his hands and knees.



&nbsp;&nbsp; "I've decided that whenever you are in the crypt you will wiggle along the floor like a worm, because it amuses me to watch you. When you are outside of the crypt you will walk on your hands and knees like a pig with your belly hanging below you, your stiff little cock below your belly, and your red ass swaying as you crawl."



&nbsp;&nbsp; Magda walked behind Ronald, flicking her crop against his ass to hurry him along. When they got outside Magda turned him over to a handfull of Creatures of the night, short, malformed, hideous creatures who did her bidding, so that he could be cleaned up. The Creatures took Ronald and went to work on him as Magda went to get Mephisto.



&nbsp;&nbsp; The Creatures held him tight while one of them stuck a rubber enema hose into his anus. They pumped a quart of warm soapy water into his bowels and made him hold it for a few minutes before letting him expel it on the ground. They did this several more times until the outflow was completely clear. Ronald hadn't eaten anything in over a day but his stomach was not rumbling. Magda's bites had made him immortal, but hadn't given him any of the powers of a vampire. He had no fangs and less strength than when he was mortal. His nourishment would be begging for blood which would be extracted from rats and other small animals and fed to him by the Creatures in a baby bottle. With the final enema his bowels were cleaned for the last time. From now on the only things that would be passing through his anus were fingers, feathers, tongues, brushes and cocks. The creatures soaped up the rest of his body and cleaned all of the grime and dried cum off of his body. They cut off all of his hair, from his head to his groin. Then they rubbed on a cream which dissolved the roots and left him hairless for all time. Ronald would spent eternity as a chubby naked ball of extreme sexual arousal, completely hairless and pasty white, with a red ass.



&nbsp;&nbsp; Speaking of his red ass, The Creatures noticed that it was still reddish/purple from the night before, but they felt it needed a little touch up. So, to please their Mistress, they held him still and took turns slapping it a few dozen times till it was again bright red. Magda still hadn't returned so they took the opportunity to play with Ronald. One of the smaller females put her face between his widely spread ass cheeks and began licking her pointy little tongue in and around his anus. Ronald's cock immediately turned hard as iron as she continued her relentless licking. One of the bigger males knelt right in front of him so that his hideous cock was directly in Ronald's face, then he bent over him and began pulling down on each of Ronald's nipples, alternately, as if he were milking a goat. As he did this his cock kept slapping Ronald in the face. About five minutes later Magda returned with Mephisto.



&nbsp;&nbsp; Mephisto was a beautiful black stallion. He was huge, about 16 hands tall at the withers. His hair was shiny lustrous black and there was fire in his eyes. Magda led him by his bridle. She carried a blanket and a strange leather contraption. She laughed when she saw Ronald, who was now being led over to her by the Creatures.



&nbsp;&nbsp; Magda threw the blanket over Mephisto's broad back. On top of the blanket she placed the contraption, which was a large rectangle of leather, which had straps and buckles attached to each corner. She turned to Ronald and kicked him over onto his side then pushed him onto his back with her boot.



&nbsp;&nbsp; "Time for riding lessons, little pig" she said as she picked him up, held him under the huge horse, and began fastening his wrists and ankles into the four straps. 



&nbsp;&nbsp; The Creatures hooted and laughed as Ronald cried and begged Magda not to do this to him. She hung him under Mephisto's belly face up so that his head was pointing forward and his ass was pointed back towards Mephisto's already hard cock. She took a handful of greasy pork fat and rubbed it into Ronald's anus as she guided the hard horse cock a couple of inches into his greasy gaping asshole. One by one she pulled and tightened the buckles so that the straps helped secure him up against the horse's belly, with his own hard little cock pressing against the short hairs of Mephisto's belly, while Mephisto's considerably longer cock stayed lodged in his asshole.



&nbsp;&nbsp; Mephisto was a very intelligent animal and he seemed to know exactly what was happening to this poor little hairless male riding under his belly. He took a few steps and everyone laughed at how his own enormous cock pistoned back and forth a few inches in and out of Ronald's greased up asshole. In similar fashion, Ronald's tiny little hard-on rubbed along the little hairs of Mephisto's belly, with that favorite little spot of Ronald's getting a special workout!



&nbsp; Magda laughed, "Mephisto is going to take you for a ride around the cemetery for awhile to get you really worked up, little pig. You have a special guest coming to see you in a little while and I might as well start teaching you the proper way to greet your guests.



&nbsp;&nbsp; With that she gave Mephisto a loving slap on his withers and said "Take good care of this one, big fella, the two of you are going to become real close!"



&nbsp;&nbsp; With Magda and the Creatures laughing, and Ronald sobbing, Mephisto trotted away, his huge cock pumping in and out of Ronald's asshole. Ronald's own little stiffie rubbed mercilessly along the big black stallion's belly as he cried in frustration and wondered who the special guest could be.



&nbsp;&nbsp; Mephisto seemed to enjoy trotting around the old cemetery. His whinnying sounded appropriately like a horse chuckling to accompany the moaning and crying of his underbelly passenger. They passed by the house several times where Magda had set up some chairs and an umbrella to shield her from the late afternoon sun. The Creatures waited on her, bringing her refreshments and then a cigarette on a long black holder. They all laughed and cheered each time Mephisto trotted by, accompanied by Ronald's plaintive cries: "PLEEEEEEEEESE!!!" as they watched him humping and being humped underneath the magnificent stallion.



&nbsp;&nbsp; About a half hour later Ronald noticed another figure walking out to the front of the house. They were on the far side of the cemetery but he saw Magda stand and embrace the much smaller newcomer then point out towards where he and Mephisto were coming around to trot back towards the house. Magda and the newcomer both sat down in their chairs and waited for the arrival of Mephisto and his unfortunate cargo.



&nbsp; As they came closer Ronald was finally able to see the newcomer's face.



&nbsp; "Oh my God! NO! Not her! Please! Oh God Please No!!!!"



&nbsp;&nbsp; It was Samantha! He couldn't believe it. Not her! Samantha had worked in his department a little over a year ago. He had been all over her, trying to get her to go out with him. Grabbing at her whenever they were alone. She turned him down over and over, finally begging him to leave her alone. But he wouldn't. When she finally confronted him and told him that he was a disgusting little worm and she would rather die than be seen with him Ronald grew very angry. He altered some paperwork to make it look like Samantha had been stealing from the company, then he `caught' her and had her fired for stealing. Samantha was only 18 years old at the time. Her parents had died when she was 17 and this was her first real full-time job. She cried and pleaded with the owners not to fire her. She told them that Ronald must have set her up, but they didn't believe her, pointing out the paperwork evidence. Later, Ronald was sure to be there to smile at her as she was leaving. He waved his fingers `bye-bye' at her and said "Have luck finding a new job, bitch." And then she was gone.



&nbsp;&nbsp; And now, a year later, here she was again. Seated next to Magda and smiling as the great horse trotted up to them. Ronald had been quivering on the edge of an orgasm since last night and his recent ride had him near crazy with chattering teeth and humping hips. He felt he would die if he didn't come right then.



&nbsp;&nbsp; Unfortunately for him, right then was when Mephisto reared up on his back legs, pawing at the air and whinnying as he shot his huge horse load right up Ronald's ass. Ronald's eyes crossed and he screamed just as Magda said:



&nbsp;&nbsp; "Okay little worm, you can cum, NOW!"



&nbsp;&nbsp; With Mephisto still on his rear legs, exposing Ronald completely to the view of the two seated women, Ronald burst into the most explosive orgasm of his life. His own hips began pumping and his little dick that had been rubbing up against the great horse's belly began spewing his huge sticky load all over his own body and face. Mephisto continued rearing up on his back legs and whinnying as Ronald, now almost vertical and literally riding on Mephisto's cock, shot load after load of his own cum all over himself. Twelve, thirteen, fourteen... fifteen... seventeen spasms! Finally after nineteen spasms, one for every year of Samantha's life, he finally stopped shooting. Mephisto was back on his four legs and Ronald hung exhausted under his belly. Ronald was gasping and sucking in huge gulps of air as he saw Samantha smiling at him and waving her fingers 'hello' at him.



&nbsp;&nbsp; Magda got up and walked over to Ronald, releasing him from his harness and dropping him to the ground. Ronald slowly got his breath back but kept his eyes downcast in shame, humiliated by having Samantha see him like this.



&nbsp;&nbsp; "Greet your guest the right way, little worm. Crawl over and kiss her feet and then thank her for witnessing your shame. Do it now!" Magda kicked him in the side.



&nbsp;&nbsp; Ronald got on his hands and knees and started to crawl over to Samantha.



&nbsp;&nbsp; "Not like that! Like you do in the crypt. Get on that fat belly of yours and wriggle over to her like a worm!"



&nbsp;&nbsp; Ronald was in shock, but he dropped to his belly and wriggled his way over to Samantha's feet. She was wearing sandals and he reverently kissed both feet. Then he looked up to see her smirking down at him. She was very short, less than five feet tall, but her legs looked long because of the tiny, tight white shorts that she had on. She was also wearing a tight pink top that showed off her midriff. Her blonde hair was done in a young style with two pigtails, one on each side, which ended in little pink bows of ribbons.



&nbsp;&nbsp; "Damn that teasing bitch" Ronald thought to himself. "She knew she was coming here to see me and she intentionally dressed like that!"



&nbsp;&nbsp; Ronald gathered up his courage, looked up and said "Thank you, Mistress Samantha, for coming to see my shame."



&nbsp;&nbsp; Samantha clapped her hands together in glee and smiled broadly. That's when he saw her fangs.



&nbsp;&nbsp; Magda noticed his shock at that and said "Yes, little worm. Mistress Samantha is a vampire too. I bit her three times myself. But not like I bit you. I bit her out of love. Along with her fangs Samantha also has super strength. Not as much as mine, but certainly more than enough to handle a little wimp like you."



&nbsp;&nbsp; Magda leaned over and gave Samantha an open mouthed kiss. Ronald couldn't help himself from looking at Samantha's lush little body as he heard the sucking sounds of their wet kisses and tongues. His penis had returned to full hardness already and it now began to twitch and pulse.



&nbsp;&nbsp; Samantha looked down at his stiff little cock and squealed in glee as she pointed at it. She looked Ronald in the eye and said in her high pitched girly voice:



&nbsp;&nbsp; "Ronnie! I'm sooo happy to see you like this! Very different from the last time I saw you. I think you were wearing a suit. No suit now, huh? &lt;giggles&gt;. Now I want you to kneel up right here in front of me with your knees reeaally wide apart so I can see your little cock-let &lt;giggles&gt; and I'll tell you my story." She sounded like a cheerleader with her happy enthusiasm.



&nbsp;&nbsp; Ronald glanced up at Magda. "Mistress Magda is my mistress." He remained where he was. Magda just glanced at Samantha and they both laughed.



&nbsp;&nbsp; "We'll see about that, Ronnie. Now do as I say or things are going to get much worse for you really quick."



&nbsp;&nbsp; Ronald had played his bluff and lost. He slowly got up to his knees and then spread them.



&nbsp;&nbsp; "Wider Ronnie, and put your hands behind your back. Don't make me mad at you." She wasn't giggling now.



&nbsp;&nbsp; Twenty-seven year old Ronald shamefully did what this nineteen year old girl, who looked much younger, ordered him to do. Samantha crossed her gorgeous legs and dangled a sandal from her toe as she smirked down at Ronald and giggled yet again.



&nbsp;&nbsp; "That's better. Now play with it Ronnie. Your cock. Play with it while you look up at me. I want to tell you a story that starts out sad, but turns out really funny. After I was fired I had nobody to go to. I applied for a few jobs but I didn't get any offers. I had no money in the bank and my rent was already late. 



&nbsp;&nbsp; "I thought about killing myself, that's the sad part, but then I met Magda. She turned out to be someone who cared about me. Someone I could talk to. She helped me to keep my apartment and she saw that I ate well. We got to be, you know, real close. That's when she showed me her fangs.



&nbsp;&nbsp; "At first I was terrified, but it was Magda, after all. The only person who was ever kind to me. That night I let her bite me the first time. It was glorious! I knew that I was in love, and Magda loved me back. The next night I asked her to bite me again, and she did. She told me about the third bite and suggested that I think a lot about it before making a decision. The next night I asked her to give me the third bite. She warned me to be very sure about it but I told her that my mind was made up. I loved her and I wanted to be with her forever, even if it was as her slave. That night she gave me the third bite, but she told me that it was a love bite and that I would have full vampire powers, and even though I would be her slave I would always be treated as her lover."



&nbsp;&nbsp; Samantha turned to look at Magda and said "I love you, Maggie". Magda looked back at her and said "And I love you too, Sam." Meanwhile, Ronald was still furiously stroking his engorged cock. The venom had made him super horny again and he started moaning. Samantha looked down at him and giggled.



&nbsp;&nbsp; "Now here comes the funny part. After we celebrated by making the most passionate love that I have ever known, Maggie told me that she wanted to give me a gift. I told her that I didn't need anything. I had her for all time and she had me, and that was all that I needed or wanted. But she wouldn't accept that for an answer. She told me that there must be something that she could give me or get for me that would make me happy. I thought for a moment, and then I thought of you."



&nbsp;&nbsp; Ronald actually paused his stroking to gasp. "You don't mean...you can't mean..."



&nbsp;&nbsp; "Shhhh. Keep stroking for me Ronnie. Yes. That's exactly what I mean. I told her about you and what you had done to me. She wanted to kill you and I would have let her, but then she smiled at me and she promised me that she would give you to me as a slave to punish for all eternity. That's the funny part. The reason that you're here is you're my gift!" She clapped her hands in glee and giggled as Ronald's hand fell away from his cock and his jaw dropped in shock.



&nbsp;&nbsp; Magda stepped in and said. "That's right, little worm. That night was the first night that I came to you in your bedroom. You pathetic little pig, you thought I wanted you for myself? You egotistical little pervert. No! I wanted you as a gift for my beautiful Samantha. It took me nearly a year to get you, but I always knew that this day would come when I proudly presented you as a slave to Samantha for all eternity!"



&nbsp;&nbsp; "No! This can't be. It just can't be!!" Ronald started sobbing. He looked up at Samantha and saw her beaming in happiness.



&nbsp;&nbsp; "Please, Mistress Magda. Keep me yourself. I'll do anything for you. Anything! You can spank me as much as you want. You can tie me back under that damn horse of yours, but please don't give me to this giggly girl! It's not right! Please! Please!!"



&nbsp;&nbsp; "So, you'd rather be spanked and tied back under Mephisto than be given to Samantha, huh? We'll I'll think about that. Sam, if you'll give him the spanking I'll tie him back under Mephisto."



&nbsp;&nbsp; Samantha clapped her hands again and jumped up. She was in cheerleader mode again. She picked Ronald up off the ground as if he were a loaf of bread, and then sat back down in her chair with a shocked Ronald across her lap. She gave him a really hard spanking, laughing and giggling the whole time as Ronald kicked and cried and begged. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; When she was done she handed him over to Magda who held his sobbing convulsing body under Mephisto and again tied him to his belly. Mephisto gave a snort and a horselaugh when he felt his cock being placed at the entrance to Ronald's greased up anus. He pumped into Ronald's ass a couple of times.



&nbsp;&nbsp; "Whoa there, big boy." Magda calmed him down and said to Ronald, "Guess he didn't appreciate you calling him `that damn horse'. She turned back to Mephisto and stroked his flank. "Easy now. You can have him in a minute. You're going to spend a lot of time wearing this little porker on the end of your cock!"



&nbsp;&nbsp; "Listen to me, you piglet. You belong to Samantha now. She's nineteen years old and will always be nineteen years old. You're twenty-seven and fat and you'll always be twenty-seven and fat. But if her giggling bothers you that much, then so much the better."



&nbsp;&nbsp; With that she handed Mephisto's bridle to Samantha, along with the rolled up parchment and the jar of pork fat grease.



&nbsp;&nbsp; "Even though you belong to Samantha, Samantha belongs to me and it's my venom that's in your blood. She can tease you all day and all night, and I hope she does, but you can still never cum until I give you the release.



&nbsp;&nbsp; "Sam, read his document about his fantasies and perversions whenever you have the time for a good laugh. There's a part in there about him wanting to show off his chubby little body and show his stiff little dickie to laughing women."



&nbsp;&nbsp; Samantha put a hand over her mouth and giggled. "That's perfect!&nbsp; I'm having a party tonight and the girls are excited about seeing him jerking his little cock and begging to cum, and spanking him, and maybe even getting some `personal services' from his tongue, if you know what I mean &lt;giggle&gt;. Maggie, it would be so good if you could stop by too and maybe let the girls see him cum."



&nbsp;&nbsp; "I don't know, Sam. I'm pretty busy tonight. By the way, don't forget to bring him with you whenever you come over to visit me for the night. I promised the Creatures that they can play with him in the crypt while you sleep over."



&nbsp;&nbsp; "Oh you can count on that &lt;giggle&gt;. Don't worry about tonight if you can't make it. Maybe you can make it to next week's party, or the week after that. I L-O-V-E parties &lt;giggle&gt;."



&nbsp;&nbsp; "Come on Ronnie, let's go. The girls are all excited about seeing you tonight. They can't wait to see how your new look turned out. Oh by the way, you know all of them already! &lt;giggle&gt;"



&nbsp;&nbsp; Ronald gasped in shock, then went back to moaning as his stiff little dickie went back to rubbing its special spot against Mephisto's belly. While Mephisto whinnied and continued pumping his cock into Ronald's asshole, Ronald moaned in lust as he watched Samantha leading the stallion in front of him. She was absolutely gorgeous in those tiny little shorts and sandals. She wiggled her ass as she walked, probably on purpose - the little tease. Samantha led him away. Samantha, his new mistress. Ronald choked out a sob of shame as he heard her softly singing, and giggling...





&nbsp; 





&nbsp;&nbsp; 









 



&nbsp;&nbsp; 







&nbsp;&nbsp; 











&nbsp;&nbsp; 



 

&nbsp; 



 



















 



 









 



























&nbsp;&nbsp; 





&nbsp; 



&nbsp;&nbsp; 





 





&nbsp;&nbsp; 













&nbsp; 







































&nbsp;&nbsp; 

















 













&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 















&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 











&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 



 



&nbsp;&nbsp; 

























&nbsp;&nbsp; 







&nbsp;&nbsp; 









&nbsp; 



&nbsp; 







&nbsp; 

















Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Dr. Phil


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





