BDSM Library - Spanking Desire




Spanking Desire
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:   A sub's fantasy spanking






What I really want.

I really want to be tied up naked, helpless and very exposed. I think being tied to a picnic table would probably work the best. In order to put me in the most exposed and helpless position I would need to be tied in the diaper position with my legs spread extra wide. Perhaps I should be waxed from the waist down to remove all protection. Maybe I should be washed inside and out. A triple enema and a catheter would ensure a longer time frame before nature calls. I think this spanking should be done outdoors especially if the temp is below 50.

If the temp is below 30 I should be dressed in a sweatshirt, socks and legwarmers. Some sort of head ware should be used but the area to be spanked should be bare, it will be warm enough after the spanking.

Once I&#8217;m tied up you&#8217;ll need some super glue so you can glue the head of my cock to my waist, stretch it as far as you can, this will keep the soft under side of my cock exposed and wanting to be spanked. I hope there&#8217;s a chill in the air because once I&#8217;m tied and exposed I want the area that is to be spanked wiped down or sprayed with water or alcohol. Leave it wet and keep it wet, this will keep it cool. My balls will need some binding to keep them sticking out, don&#8217;t bind them so tight that the circulation is cut off.

I will need to be blindfolded, gagged and ear plugged but not all at once. 

Several spanking items need to be used. A belt, wooden spoon, hair brush, switch, ruler, paddle or anything else. With at least 5 items to spank with the spanking should start. Each item should be used on either my balls, ass, anus or cock. The spanking should cease when I beg for it to end. Then a different item should be used on a different area, each area should be spanked at least twice with each item with at least 10 swats. After all items have been used as many times as you like but at least twice I should be placed in darkness and silence. The spanked areas should be sprayed from time to time to keep them wet and cool.

Now each area needs to be punished. Use the item that worked the best on each area and proceed to give at least 50 additional swats to each area, you could give 500 or more swats I won&#8217;t object. Before you take a break check my anus, cock and balls and figure which could use a few more swats. Choose your item and give that area 10 additional swats, these should be harder than the previous swats. Now spray me down and you should take a break, at least 30 minutes.

When you return from your break repeat the last spanking. Now give each area at least 100 swats. Release my legs and lower them to the ground and tie in place. Now you need to choose between the switch or spoon to spank my cock. You&#8217;ll need to give it at least 200 swats since it was slightly protected in the diaper position. Feel free to spank my balls I will enjoy that. 

Now I need to put on a new pair of blue jeans. No under wear the scratchy surface needs bare skin. Now we need to go shopping, or horseback riding or something else that will keep me feeling all the spanked areas. 

Hopefully the marks and soreness will last a few days and that you enjoyed it enough that you might like to do it again.

I Love You



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  moosehunter


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





