BDSM Library - Teen Flasher's Therapy




Teen Flasher's Therapy
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:    After some failed attempts, the parents of an exhibitionistic teen find the perfect treatment for their daughter.






TEEN FLASHER'S THERAPY

"You are deep in trouble, young lady," Brad heard his wife Lyn saying to his daughter, as she dragged her out of the car and into the house. "Go ahead and tell your father what you've been doing!"

Ashley was a gorgeous looking 14 year old. She's always been a sweet little girl, smart, cute, well behaved, mommy and daddy's pride and joy. Lately, however, ever since she started filling out, growing curves, and turning quite rapidly into a stunning young woman, her personality changed as well. While retaining the air of the innocent teen about herself, she started becoming increasingly naughty, growing overly confident about her body, and getting in trouble for it.

Within the last two months there have been several incidents where her parents were called in to her school, because she had been flashing her tits to the soccer team while they were doing laps around the field, or because she was letting her skirt slide up to let her history teacher see she was not wearing panties. The worst thing, which made them decide to seek the help of a psychologist, was at a football game, when Ashley ran across the field without a stitch of clothing. She enjoyed all the attention, which included not only the whistles and hollers from her male schoolmates, and the dirty, envious looks from her female ones, but also being escorted by security, waiting at the principals office wrapped in a blanket, the long talk with her parents, and even the heavy spanking she got from both of them.

"What did she do this time?" Brad said, unwillingly noticing that his dick was springing to attention.

"Well, you know today she was going in to get her braces removed," said Lyn. "So we were sitting in the waiting room, reading a magazine, and suddenly I noticed that she was ... but go ahead, honey, you should tell the story!" she said to Ashley.

"Well, there was this cute guy sitting across from me," said Ashley without showing any signs of feeling ashamed, "and he was also looking at me, so I..." and she demonstrated by sliding back on the sofa she was sitting on, pulling her short skirt upward slowly, looking flirtatiously at her dad. Brad's dick was now noticeably hard, sticking up high under his pants.

"You quit that right now!" her mother demanded, stopping her daughter's teasing. "Stand up straight. Now lift up your skirt all the way, and show your dad what a slut you are." Now, with the seductiveness gone, Ashley started to feel the humiliation. She lifted up her skirt all the way, and showed her dad that she was not wearing any panties.

"See what I told you? She actually prepared herself to go out and tease people." Her mother was going on one of her rants. "She even shaved herself a landing strip on her pussy. And you know what's the worst part? No, young lady, don't you lower your skirt. Keep yourself displayed like this, since you love the attention so much! The worst thing about it is that she's still excited. Look at how glistening wet her cunt lips are! What are we going to do with her?"

Brad's first thought was to give her a thorough over-the-knee spanking, but he bit his tongue, feeling his dick's desire to enter that little moist cunt of his daughter, who was probably hoping for the same. Instead he just said "So much for the velvet glove approach," referring to the psychologist.

Dr. Grabowski was a professional in her late 20's, with the body of a model: large breasts, long legs, curvy hips, and long blond hair. Her attire was somewhere on the verge between smart and business like and provocatively revealing. Ashley took an immediate liking to her. The sessions, which she attended twice a week, were not so much the "let's talk about it" soul-searching her parents believed them to be, but more like the sharing of secrets between two girlfriends. The more experienced girl, who asked Ashley to call her Clair, explained that her "problem" is only a problem if she gets caught. Also, if she wants to be caught, she should get it out of the way as early as possible. Later she could adopt a more subliminal approach.

"Did you notice how your dad was looking at me?" said Clair.

"I know," said Ashley with a big smile. "I'm sure he's thinking about you when he's fucking mom!"

"Of course. See how I was messing with his mind?" she said, taking of her blouse and revealing to Ashley her bra, which had tiny holes cut into them to let her nipples poke through. "While we were talking about unresolved issues, he was probably thinking about how it could be that despite of the bra-straps on my shoulder, my nipples could be so protruding."

"And how did you get mom from getting mad at you?" said Ashley, while taking the lovely nipples between her fingers, "She must be jealous as hell."

"Not at all ... I kept her attention by dealing with you. Remember how stern and strict I was with you? And also, while displaying myself to your dad, I mostly kept looking into her eyes. Now she sees me as an associate, who is helping her with this difficult task of teaching her daughter some manners." Clair giggled, and Ashley couldn't help joining.

"Oh please Dr. Grabowski," said Ashley mockingly, "teach me well! You know I need a firm hand." Both of them kept giggling, but Clair's hands were already caressing Ashley's body. Eventually the sessions evolved into hot steamy lesbian exploration, much to the delight of the participants, but unknown to Lyn and Brad. It is also Clair, who introduced Ashley to the idea of shaving herself a landing strip.

Now, however, having gotten herself in trouble again, this relationship was hanging on a fine thread. Ashley was sent up to her room, without a hope of being allowed to come out for the rest of the day. It was Friday, and she could forget about the weekend, or anything, until her parents had come up with the right consequences for her.

As she was going up the stairs, she heard her mom pick up the phone and dial a number. Just before Brad told her to close the door, she heard her mother saying: "Hi, Dr. Grabowsky, this is..." Her mom was going to tell Clair about what had happened. Was she going to see her lovely therapist ever again? For the rest of the afternoon Ashley was just lying on her bed, crying or masturbating.

When she was called downstairs for dinner, her parents told her that they were going to take her to a certain institute tomorrow. She got scared, but her mom explained that it was going to be only a short session, and that they were going to try a completely new approach to her behavior. Apparently Dr. Grabowski had suggested this place, and they had a treatment method, which might seem a little unorthodox, but had helped many young girls with similar issues. That was all they were willing to tell her, which didn't exactly put Ashley at ease, but she trusted that if Clair was behind it, it couldn't be so bad. What scared her, however, was the prolonged and intensive fucking

noises she kept hearing from her parents' bedroom. This was highly unusual. What was going on? Did they get suddenly turned on by what Clair had told them?

At the institute Ashley was immediately led into what looked like a gynecologist's office, where she was asked to remove all her clothes and place herself on the chair. The only difference was, that on this chair her arms, legs, waist and upper body were all strapped down, so she was completely immobilized. Finally, the stirrups were opened wide, obscenely displaying her hairless vulva with a narrow strip of short hair above it. She was starting to get scared, when suddenly Clair came in through the door.

"Poor Ashley," she said. "you look so scared, my love. Are you not enjoying being on display like this." Ashley did not like Clair's teasing.

"What is going to happen to me? What did you tell my mom? What kind of place is this?"

"Don't worry. I had a long discussion with your mom yesterday. I explained to her that some girls just can't help themselves. They love being on display, as you no doubt are too," and with this she inserted two fingers in Ashley's moistening pussy. "Hmmm," said Clair, licking her juices off her fingers, "you most certainly are, and I know you'll enjoy even more what we've got in store for you."

Suddenly the door opened, and her parents came in with two other people, a man and a woman. The man was short and skinny, with a buzz haircut, wearing denim pants, shirt, and a leather apron. The woman was huge, dressed into a fetish outfit of tall black boots, a leather vest, displaying her gigantic udders and stretched pussy lips. Her head was enclosed in a leather hood. Most of all, she was full of piercings: her outer and inner pussy lips had thick hoops in them, pulling the lips long with their weight. Her nipples were pierced in five places each, and her elongated clitoris was pulled out from her cunt by a pierced metal contraption.

"These is my friend Tom and his piece of art, Cow" said Clair. "Tom, this is my slutty little client I've told you about."

"Nice to meet you," said Tom, reaching out his hand, but Ashley was strapped into the chair, so they couldn't shake hands. Instead he went straight for her pussy. Ashley opened her mouth to scream, and just in that moment Clair placed a gag into her mouth.

"What comes next will hurt, my sweetheart, so you'll need this." At that point Ashley actually screamed, but Clair just admonished her, that Tom hasn't even started yet.

It's true, he hasn't. It was the entire situation that scared the living daylight out of Ashley. Her lovely therapist turning on her, the hooded woman with the grotesquely modified body, the sadistic pervert, who was going to do unthinkable things to her pussy, and the fact that her parents seemed to be getting off on all this. Her father actually had his cock out, stroking it, while her mother was pulling up her dress, saying:

"Fuck me from behind, while you watch that slut of our daughter getting what will do her best."

The procedure lasted only a few minutes, and before Ashley realized it, she was recovering from the most severe orgasm of her life. She must have passed out. Looking around herself, she was lying in a hospital bed, with her parents and Clair looking down lovingly at her. She was trying to recall what just had happened. There was Tom with a needle ... and then...

"How do you feel?" asked Clair, kissing and caressing her face. "I'm sorry for scaring you like that, but it was part of the therapy.

"What happened to me?" asked Ashley.

"You got a piercing," said Lyn, pulling down the cover to allow her daughter examine herself. "We decided that this was the best way to deal with your little issue." Right through the little flap of skin covering her clitoris, a small ring was dangling.

"This, my dear," explained her father, "is a little camera. It has a sensor to measure your excitement, and it takes a picture every second whenever you are aroused. A marvel of modern technology."

"You know," said Clair "I made your parents realize that they would never be able to get this habit out of you. Instead we should accept you as the exhibitionist you are. Just like you've already done so. However, we want you to include us, your mom, your dad, and me too, on your little adventures."

"Yes, honey," said Lyn, "from now on, we want you to take lots of pictures every day. That means, you can wear the skimpiest clothes, just like you've always wanted, and certainly no more panties! At home, your dad and I want to see whom you've been showing yourself to, and how they were looking at you. Believe me, ever since this all got started, your father has been a fucking machine. I don't want him to stop."



Review This Story
 || Email Author:   Domination Institute


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





