BDSM Library - Castleton 




Castleton 
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: /s, Femdom, Spanking, Masturbation, Discipline, C and B torture






James Lacy's Stories



Castleton Chapter One, The Ritual by James Lacy







Castleton Chapter One, The Ritual





This story is the property of the author. It is not to be changed in any way, 

nor published or shown at other web sites without the permission of the author. 

Email: lacyp40@hotmail.com. Please provide feedback if you choose. All comments 

appreciated.





Wearing the traditional terrycloth robe, Jon overheard a snicker as the Helper 

cleaned up the bathroom after his shower. Today was a special day at the Great 

Manor House. The man had gone through this ancient ritual annually, to satisfy 

the Order's original charter. He wondered who had been selected to perform the 

ritual, but again, it did not really matter, as the result would be the same. 

Perhaps it would be a foreign Member, who he had not met. That was unlikely, as 

his travels had been wide and he knew all the Members who might be chosen.



Outside the Great House, he heard a commotion near the entrance to the manor. He 

presumed, correctly, that was the arrival of the Novitiates who had pledged the 

Order. Peeking out the window, he saw eight women milling about the van that had 

transported them to the Great House. Later he would focus his attention on the 

Novices, but first the ritual awaited him. A Helper knocked on the door, entered 

and bade the man to follow him. They walked up one flight of the stairs used by 

the servants, and down a dark hallway to a large dark oak door. The Helper 

motioned for the man to enter and left.



Jon opened the door and entered. His Mistress, for the next few hours, sat 

impassively in a massive leather chair at the far end of the room. She motioned 

for him to step onto a pedestal, in the center of the darkly lit room, to be 

inspected. He lowered his eyes and complied. The Mistress raised her eyebrow 

slightly, as if to require a response, and the man said, "My Slave name is Jon." 

She nodded and motioned for Jon to remove the terrycloth robe. Jon quickly 

obeyed and stood naked on the pedestal to be inspected.



Without a word the Mistress rose and walked to the pedestal. She drew back the 

foreskin on Jon's cock and ran her thumb about the bulbous head and under the 

rim. She grasped the shaft to feel its considerable girth and length. Next, she 

lifted and hefted his huge balls, which were smooth shaven to her liking. She 

grasped Jon by the back of the neck and bent him over. She went behind him and 

roughly ran her hands over Jon's ass. She pulled apart the well-shaped asscheeks 

to reveal a wrinkled brownish pink hairless asshole. Probing his asshole with 

her forefinger, she felt the sphincter begin to give way. The Mistress smiled 

and nodded her head in satisfaction.



The Mistress motioned for Jon to rise up as she continued her inspection. She 

noticed that Jon's cock beginning to stiffen. Reaching out to Jon's chest she 

lightly brushed her fingertips over Jon's nipples. Instantly his nipples 

hardened and she continued the soft caress to increase Jon's pleasure. His 

nipples always had been somehow 'wired' directly to his cock. Any caress, 

tweaking or even rough pulling of his nipples increased his arousal and lust. He 

often fondled his own nipples when he masturbated, or was involved in sexual 

activity where he was free to play with his nipples. Jon's obvious pleasure did 

not go unnoticed by the Mistress.



"I am Mistress Lira," said the woman. "I am your Mistress until I discharge you 

later today, or whenever it pleases me. Do you understand me, Slave?"



"Yes, Mistress Lira," Jon meekly replied, ending the communication. Lira grasped 

Jon by his hard-on and guided him off the pedestal. She pulled him to the large 

bed in the corner of the chamber. She motioned Jon to get onto the bed, as she 

opened her black leather valise to remove articles of restraint, discipline and 

punishment. Jon's wrists were bound with black leather wrist cuffs, covered with 

steel studs and rings. Next, she selected a device with small leather covered 

paddle on one end and a two-inch wide leather strap on the other.



Lira made sure that Jon saw the selection as she examined them, before placing 

them on the bed. His Mistress attached Jon's wrist cuffs to hooks embedded in 

the headboard so that Jon's arms were spread wide to either side of his head. 

Next, Lira put similar restraints on Jon's ankles and raised his legs up to join 

his ankle restraints could to the same rings as the wrist cuffs.



Jon lay spread wide open. His cock, balls and asshole exposed to the whims of 

his Mistress. In this position his rigid cock was just a few inches from, and 

pointed directly at, his face. Lira stood on the bed and stripped naked, 

revealing a taut and athletic body with ample tits and hard erect nipples. She 

began by lightly rubbing Jon's nipples with one hand, fondling his balls and 

cock with the other. Jon squirmed under the exquisite sexual 'torment' of her 

fingers.



Jon's asshole repeatedly drew up tightly as she continued the sensual foreplay. 

He was breathing quite heavily now and writhing with pleasure from his 

Mistress's ministrations. A thick clear drop of pre-cum formed at the tip of his 

cock and began to grow as the foreplay continued. Lira scooped it up the pre-cum 

on her forefinger and placed it on her tongue. Jon sighed and his breathing 

became heavier as the wonderful sexual torment continued.



Lira enjoyed the obvious arousal that was building in her writhing Slave. She 

increased the sexual torment, taking a nipple between her thumb and forefinger 

to roll it with ever-increasing pressure. Jon squirmed as he felt his cock 

getting harder and aching for relief, but he knew that his Mistress would never 

let him cum so early into his visit. Lira began to pull harder on Jon's nipple 

and his pleasure/pain mounted. Jon cried out as Lira squeezed his nipples and 

pulled them as far as they would stretch, causing the pleasure/pain to 

intensify.



Jon thought he might cum from Lira's fondling of his cock and balls. He could 

feel his cock begin to build towards orgasm. Lira too, noticed the building of 

Jon's desire. She moved quickly to prevent an early orgasm, by firmly squeezing 

his bulbous cockhead with her thumb and forefinger. She emphasized this action 

with several painful twists of Jon's cockhead until his sensation to cum had 

subsided.



Lira reached for the paddle-strap that lay next to Jon. She flourished the 

instrument of pain so Jon could see it, thus mentally maximizing the anguish 

that it would cause. The strap was lightly drawn over Jon's cock and balls and 

traced up to his burning nipples. Lira continued this light torment as she 

watched her Slave swallow hard, as he considered what the instrument would soon 

be doing to his vulnerable body. She grinned as the anticipation grew within her 

victim. Jon closed his eyes to avoid watching the Mistress's obvious pleasure at 

her Slaves fearful anticipation.



At that very moment, Lira whirled the strap over her head and struck a blow 

across Jon's ass leaving a light pink mark. Jon cried out, but his cry was 

muffled by the next stroke, which landed harder on both of his asscheeks. The 

pain was intense and Jon's screams were trapped deep in his throat. Lira 

followed with a flurry of strokes, alternating on Jon's asscheeks.



After the twentieth stroke to each cheek, she paused to pour a cool glass of 

refreshing wine. Red and purple strap marks covered Jon's ass in rising welts, 

causing him great pain. But Jon also experienced a pleasure that began to rise 

replacing the pain. His asscheeks burned with the strapping he had received and 

he breathed deeply awaiting his Mistress's next pleasure.



He did not have long to wait. Lira finished her wine and grasped the instrument 

by the strap end, exposing the small leather paddle. The Mistress stood over her 

Slave and smiled as she read the anxiety in Jon's eyes. Lira placed a dark silk 

blindfold over Jon's eyes to prevent his further knowledge of her intentions. 

Jon's heart raced with apprehension of coming torments. The blindfold heightened 

his anxiety and he moaned softly as he steeled himself to the inevitable.



Lira resumed by lightly striking Jon's engorged and rigid cockhead with the 

paddle. Jon felt a slight tinge of pain, but the sensation also brought pleasure 

to his very stiff cock. The light paddling of Jon's cock continued with 

increasing force and tempo. The pain and pleasure melded to a sensation that 

hurt, but also felt too good to want it to stop. Again, Jon's cock began to 

build toward orgasm.



As the force of the paddling increased, his cum welled up in his balls and at 

the base of his cock. Just as he thought he would explode in a shower of thick 

creamy cum, Lira squeezed hard on his cock head, turning the pleasure into 

extreme pain, again defeating his cumming. Mistress Lira released his cock and 

Jon felt his hardon return to its full rigidity. She resumed fondling her 

Slave's balls and cock and rubbing his nipples with her fingers.



Jon responded with squirming and writhing as another drop of clear thick pre-cum 

glistened at his cockhole. Lira began to masturbate Jon with deliberate strokes 

of his cock. The pleasure mounted as the exquisite masturbation began to engulf 

Jon's whole being, concentrating in the underside of his engorged cock. Jon 

watched as the pace quickened and the pre-cum accumulated in ever increasing 

amounts at his cockhole.



He knew that he could not take much more of this wondrous fondling being visited 

on his cock. He felt his cum begin welling up in his balls as they drew up and 

hardened. He could see his cock pointed straight at his face, as Lira 

accelerated the masturbating strokes and grinned at Jon's pleasurable writhing 

as he ached for relief.



"Open your mouth," she commanded and Jon obeyed.



He opened his mouth and Lira pulled the blindfold away, just as he felt his cock 

erupt with a torrent of thick pearly cum propelled towards his mouth. He nearly 

fainted from the sensation of cuming so hard, while his Mistress continued to 

stroke his cock to release volumes more of his cum. The first volley of cum 

struck him on his lower lip and splattered on his tongue. Copious amounts of 

thick and creamy cum spewed forth again and again landing full upon his tongue, 

lips, nose and cheeks.



He swallowed all of the cum that entered his mouth. Jon continued erupting 

semen, in volley after volley, on his face and mouth. The Mistress did not 

diminish masturbating Jon's cock until the expulsion of cum died out to a thick 

sticky thread of cum that stretched from Jon's cock to his mouth. Lira released 

the spent cock. She gathered splatters of cum, around the Slaves mouth, with her 

finger and deposited the thick pearly liquid onto Jon's tongue. Jon swallowed 

the last stray bits of cum and looked at the Mistress who was awaiting Jon's 

response.



"Thank you, Mistress," Jon said softly. Lira smiled her satisfaction and turned 

her attention once again to the valise. Jon felt a cool greasy substance being 

applied to his asshole by the Mistress. He watched as Lira strapped on a huge 

rubber dildo to her crotch. The dildo had another shaft that neatly slid in to 

Lira's cunt with a nub that would rub her clitoris, thus giving her pleasure as 

well. Then she knelt in front of Jon and rubbed her rubber cock on the lubricant 

at Jon's asshole.



Without a word she began to push her 'cockhead' into Jon's asshole. The 

sphincter resisted, but the pressure increased and slowly his asshole began to 

open to receive the massive rubber cock. Jon felt as though he was being 

stretched beyond his capacity to receive this offering from his Mistress. Little 

by little the massive dildo entered Jon's asshole until he could feel the rubber 

cockhead completely engulfed in his ass.



His ass was being painfully opened and he felt totally full and stretched. The 

Mistress stopped entering him and paused for what seemed an eternity to Jon. 

Suddenly and without warning Lira thrust herself forward in a great stabbing 

motion fully entering Jon's asshole up to the hilt of her massive rubber cock. 

Jon cried out at the pain, as he felt the Mistress's thighs slap at his 

asscheeks. Lira swiftly withdrew, leaving only her 'cock head' embedded in the 

ass she was fucking, paused, then thrust deeply again into Jon's ass. Jon felt 

as though he was splitting apart, as the Mistress repeated the maneuver over and 

over thrusting deeper into Jon's ass.



Each time Jon thought Lira would cum, she would pause to let her lust subside, 

only to renew the attack on his ravaged asshole. Jon's torment slowly 

transformed into intense pleasure as he began to thoroughly enjoy the fucking he 

was receiving. Lira leaned forward, grasped him by the back of the neck and 

brought his head to her tits. His lips were thrust against her nipple as he 

heard her command, "Suck it!" He pulled the hard nipple into his mouth and 

sucked hard as he swirled his tongue over and around the hot light red flesh. 

Jon licked the nipple in rhythm with the rubber cock thrusting in and out of his 

ass. His head was roughly moved to the other nipple as he continued his sucking. 

Lira moaned with intense pleasure, as her nipples were now being alternately 

sucked while her cunt was rushing toward orgasm.



Suddenly, Jon felt Lira stiffen and gasp as she exploded in orgasm. He could 

feel the Mistress's cock striking at the walls of his asshole as she came in 

torrents. The Mistress thrust her 'cock' as deeply as she could into Jon's 

asshole, as her orgasm subsided. Lira fell exhausted onto Jon's bound body and 

her breathing was hard and labored. She lay motionless, breathing deeply and 

slowly regained her strength.



With her head lying on Jon's chest she opened her mouth and put her lips around 

Jon's nipple. Slowly she began to move her tongue around the hardening bud. Jon 

began to slowly writhe, responding to the wonderful sucking sensation on his 

nipple. His cock became harder as the Mistress alternated the sucking of Jon's 

nipples. He felt his cock getting rock hard as the Mistress leisurely began to 

masturbate him again.



The pleasurable sensation of his nipples being sucked and his cock being 

expertly masturbated was maddening. Jon ached for relief as his cock continued 

to receive the tender stroking. Just as he felt that he would cum, the Mistress 

bit his nipple hard and cruelly squeezed his cockhead to cease the orgiastic 

sensation. The masturbation resumed as before, but now Lira continued to bite 

hard on Jon's nipples as she sucked them. Again and again Jon neared orgasm, 

only to have it painfully terminated.



"Please Mistress, let me cum," he begged, to no avail. Jon writhed under the 

tongue at his nipples and the stroking of his cock. He felt the Mistress's 

rubber cock begin to move back and forth again in his asshole. The sensation was 

intense as he felt himself becoming filled with the dildo, while straining to 

cum under the Mistress's ministrations to his nipples and cock. As the cock in 

his ass became fully embedded again, he felt it begin to move harder in and out 

of his asshole. His sphincter grasped at the rubber cock with each stroke, as it 

withdrew, and clasped it tightly as it re-entered deeper. Jon's body was 

consumed with delight, as the sucking, stroking and fucking continued.



He opened his eyes to see his cock looming above his face. He looked at Lira, 

who nodded, and Jon opened his mouth, instantly understanding the meaning of the 

nod. He could take no more as his cock neared explosion. Jon fully expected the 

Mistress to again cut him off from cumming, but the tender stroking continued 

unabated. He felt the orgasm begin to well up in his balls and cock. Jon fought 

hard to keep from cumming, thus continuing the pleasure.



His resistance was futile, as he exploded again in a torrent of thick creamy cum 

hurled forth from his cockhole. His sphincter tightened about the 'cock' in his 

ass with each spasm that hurled cum outward from his cock, doubling the pleasure 

of his orgasm. The marvelous feeling of his erupting cock was embellished by the 

repetitive tightening of his asshole around the massive 'cock' in his ass. Each 

ejection of creamy frothy cum from his cock, caused his sphincter to clasp and 

clench the dildo in his ass.



Cum seemed to burst forth in slow motion, toward his open mouth. It struck full 

force on his lips, tongue, and face. Cum bathed his face, as more and more 

erupted from his cock, to add to the nectar already upon him. As before, his 

Mistress made sure most of his cum landed in his open mouth. She brushed the cum 

around his face and into Jon's mouth. Jon licked the Mistress's fingers to 

assure he had recouped every last drop.



As he swallowed the warm salty cum, he felt his Mistress stiffen and explode 

violently in orgasm, squirting juicy cum with each spasm of her cunt. Again and 

again Lira's cunt spasmed in orgasm until finally she fell exhausted across 

Jon's chest, as her orgasm completely drained her of energy. After a few 

motionless moments the Mistress stirred and slowly withdrew her 'cock' from 

Jon's asshole.



Lira reached into the valise and brought out a pair of jockey style briefs with 

a narrow opening at the crotch. She pulled them over Jon's legs and up over his 

body to fit snugly at his waist. Jon was released from headboard and rolled over 

so his stomach lay flat on the bed. His wrists were re-connected to the rings on 

the headboard. The Mistress moved the ankle restraints up so that they fit 

snugly around Jon's upper calves at the back of his knees. A chain was attached 

to each restraint and Jon's knees were pulled underneath him so that his ass was 

raised up. These restraints were chained to the headboard and pulled taut 

leaving Jon completely bound and vulnerable.



He felt the Mistress Lira reach in through the opening in the briefs, grasp his 

massive balls, and pull them through the opening, fully exposing them. His cock 

remained safely inside pressing on his belly. Jon's balls hung down low as they 

were hefted and fondled by his Mistress in anticipation of the torments she 

would soon perform upon them.



Jon could not see what his Mistress was doing and the fear began to build in his 

mind of what unknown torment was to be visited upon him now. He could hear the 

valise open and close. The sound of leather striking flesh rang in his ears, but 

he felt no pain. He realized that the Mistress was striking her own palm with a 

leather paddle to increase his fear and anticipation.



The slapping sound stopped and he felt a thin leather paddle drawn lightly over 

and around his exposed balls. Jon enjoyed this tickling sensation and could feel 

his cock start to grow hard, as the tickling of his balls continued. Lira began 

to very lightly slap Jon's balls, and his arousal increased. The spanking was 

advanced to more pronounced and measured slaps on Jon's balls.



There was some slight pain with each slap, but there was also a great deal of 

pleasure reflected in Jon's sighs and moans. As the force increased, Jon's 

ability to tolerate the paddling diminished. Jon could feel the pain in his 

balls rise as the paddling continued. The Mistress stepped up the pace, and the 

force, of the spanking and Jon's balls began to ache. The pain was now more 

pronounced than the pleasure, but Jon still enjoyed the discipline he was 

undergoing.



Though the pain was increasing, it resembled more a rough fondling than a 

beating, yet Jon's apprehension increased as his moans of delight began to sound 

more like wails. His balls felt hot and sore, as the spanking continued with 

ever increasing force. Now the strokes became heavier and Jon's yelps were 

interspersed with his occasional groans. He realized that the activity had 

changed to a discipline session, with his balls as the article being 

disciplined.



His cries of pain were ignored, as Lira continued to pummel Jon's balls. The 

outcries turned to occasional screams, as the punishment of his balls was 

increased incrementally. Now the blows fell heavily on his red and hurting 

testicles. The tears ran down Jon's face as the torture continued unabated by 

his screams.



Jon lost all sense of time, as the pain became unbearable. His sore balls were 

seared and burned from the beating they were receiving. He drifted toward the 

nether world, as he sensed that he was losing consciousness from the pain. From 

a distance he seemed to hear himself screaming violently, as he blissfully 

drifted into unconsciousness. His last wakeful knowledge was the painful strokes 

being visited on his balls. Then, there was nothing.



Comments and feedback to lacyp40@hotmail.com



Chapter Two will follow very soon. Hope you liked this first Chapter. Look for 

it in late January or early February 2000.



You may also want to visit:



&nbsp; Sexy Top 100 Stories 

&nbsp; Erotic Top 100 Story Sites 











Castleton Chapter Two, The Novices





This story is the property of the author. It is not to be changed in any way, 

nor published or shown at other web sites without the permission of the author. 

Email: lacyp40@hotmail.com. Please provide feedback, if you choose. All comments 

appreciated.



Jon awoke to the sound of knocking at the door. He was naked, but not bound. The 

restraints were gone and there was no evidence of any sexual activity, other 

than the occasional spot of semen staining the bedclothes. He was aware of a 

very painful ache in his groin. His balls were purple from being beaten with the 

leather paddle. Each movement was a torment for him, but he managed to drag 

himself off the bed and move towards the door. Steadying himself along the wall, 

he grasped the doorknob for support. With great effort he unlocked the door and 

opened it. Mistress Lea stood impatiently at the door tapping her booted toe 

while she waited. 



"Hurry." she said, "You have only a few minutes before your next appointment." 

She shook her head with exasperation, placed a collar on his neck, and attached 

a guide chain around his balls. Ignoring his aching balls, she pulled roughly on 

the chain as she led him down the hall to his next appointment. Mistress Lea 

brought him into a small lecture room with a stage and bed at the front. There 

were six rows of elevated seats in the room. Eight women sat in the first two 

rows, each with a dark hooded robe over their heads. 



Jon felt humiliated at his nakedness and the swelling in his balls. He could not 

see the women clearly, as the lights were shining on the stage, where he would 

soon be performing perverted sexual acts. He could hear them softly discussing 

his nakedness, the size of his cock and the obviously swollen balls, hanging 

beneath the massive cock, in a flaccid state. Judging by the sound of their 

voices, he figured that the women were young. His instincts were correct. 

Mistress Lea bade them all welcome, then asked them to remove their hoods. Jon 

judged them to be somewhere between their early twenties and thirty years old. 

The young women were well shaped with firm bodies.



"As you already know, I am Mistress Lea," she began, "and this pathetic 

creature's Slave name is Jon. By the colorful condition of his balls, you can 

see, a Mistress has recently disciplined him. No matter, there is no rest for 

the wicked." She said with a laugh. "Each of you ladies has been widowed, 

divorced or otherwise without a rewarding sexual relationship for at least one 

year or more. Some of you have done without rewarding sex for up to three years. 

This orientation class will allow you to re-acquaint yourselves with the world 

of both dominant, and submissive, sexual pleasures." Lea grasped Jon's cock and 

began to fondle it as she spoke to the ladies about their opportunity to awaken 

their sexual urges again. "You were selected because most of you were judged to 

be capable of eventually becoming stern and loving Mistresses. That will serve 

our cause and yours as well. Some of you will remain submissives until you are 

ready to become Mistresses. Some others of you will remain submissives for the 

rest of your lives." 



Jon's cock began to swell in rhythm with the soft strokes of Mistress Lea's 

attentiveness. He winced as she hefted his balls and presented them to the 

assembled ladies. "Before we get started, I want each of you in turn, to stand, 

drop your robe, state your Novice name, tell us why you are enrolled in this 

class and then sit down. This way we get to know something about each other and 

begin to grow our friendships. Let's begin with you," Mistress said, pointing to 

the lady nearest her. 



The woman got up, hesitated a moment, then dropped her robe and stood naked. She 

was tall, with washed out blond hair, a well-shaped body. She had large breasts 

that swung nicely under their weight, large areolas and hard upright nipples. "I 

am Ella, I'm twenty eight years old and I've been widowed four years. I've 

always felt that submission and dominance was for me." She stated and sat down. 

Mistress Lea thanked her and thought that Ella would do well as a Novice.



"My name is June. I'm twenty-three, and my lover jilted me for another girl. I'm 

never going to be in that position again. This seems the way to gain that 

assurance." June was of medium height, with small perky breasts, small pink 

nipples, long brunette hair and a heavy black bush about her cunt. Lea thanked 

her and looked to the next woman. "I'm Myrna, twenty-five, and a widow for two 

years. My husband and I enjoyed dominance and bondage games. I miss him, and the 

games, very much. Perhaps this way I can re-live some of those good times." Her 

body was well shaped, like a model, with average size breasts and inverted 

nipples. She was shorter than the first two women and had closely cropped light 

brown hair.



"Hello, my name is Ruth and I'm twenty six. I'm here because I don't have a 

current relationship and my most intimate fantasy has always been domination. 

I'm finally going to find out if this lifestyle is for me." Lea smiled, 

remembering her own beginnings with domination. Ruth was a real blonde with soft 

cunt hair, average sized breasts, that needed no bra to hold them up and well 

shaped large nipples.



"Forgive me but I have never been naked before with more than one person." The 

next lady said shyly. "I'm---I'm ------Florence. I am twenty-three. I'm here 

because I need something more than the usual sexual relationship. I think this 

is it, but we'll know soon enough. I was hoping that---that--." She stammered.



"That's fine, Florence." The Mistress interrupted. "You'll do very nicely. We're 

all glad you're here." She reassured her. "I don't know about others, but I like 

a shy Dominatrix. It's like a paradox or an oxymoron. I'm positive our Members 

will just love it. You'll love too, after your submissive phase ends." Florence 

was outwardly shy, her cunt was clean-shaven, firm small, but not tiny, tits 

with hard erect nipples. She was a small woman with light brown hair and a 

deliciously hard body. Lea sensed that Florence might surprise them all.



The next two women stood jointly and dropped their robes. It was obvious that 

they were twins. Tall, slim, very white skin, green eyes, with dark red hair on 

both their heads and cunts. "I'm Dixie, and my twin sister is Tricia. Yes, they 

do like to call us Dixie and Trixie. We're twenty-seven, as of yesterday, 

unattached except to each other, and we just love to fuck, suck and do anything 

sexual. The more unusual the better." She confessed with a grin. Their tits were 

large, but gravity was not taking its toll and their breasts were very firm. 

Their nipples were outrageously extended and thick. 



"Well, ladies, I guess that says it all." Lea said with a laugh. The last lady 

stood very tall, nearly six feet without shoes. She removed her robe revealing a 

beautiful light chocolate body with near perfect tits, large dark areolas and 

perfectly shaped hard nipples. Her hair was done in a short Afro and her cunt 

was clean-shaven.



"My name is Alteisha. I love to make love to women, fuck men and whip-ass on 

wimps!" she declared. "I am thirty years young and can out fuck the lot of you. 

I'm here to fuck, eat cunts and cocks, whip and get whipped!" She said and sat 

down.



"Well, Alteisha, succinctly stated," said Lea. "Thank you for those 

introductions, ladies. Now that I know just a bit about each of you, we'll 

continue. As you may know," Lea continued, "each male has five major erogenous 

zones from which you may take your pleasure. They are his cock, balls, nipples, 

asshole and mouth. Each of these are designed to provide you with enjoyment. 

There is, however, a sixth zone, which will please you to the utmost, even as it 

causes Slaves pleasure mixed with pain.



The sixth zone is their skin. The skin on their ass, legs, thighs, back, arms, 

hands feet, balls and cock. When you apply the whip, cane or paddle to these 

areas the pleasure is mostly yours, but with training the Slave also learns to 

be pleased through corrections of their behavior. We will deal more with 

corrections and disciplines later in your education. Today, I want you to become 

reacquainted with the five erogenous zones you once knew so well. I want each of 

you to come forward and fondle Jon's cock, balls and nipples."



One by one the women approached Jon and fondled him. Jon's cock had now become 

engorged with blood and was rock hard to their touch. He winced tenderly as they 

played with his balls, but all of them took extra care to avoid aggressive 

fondling. Mistress Lea bade them masturbate him and play with, or suck his 

nipples. Their hands and fingers felt good on Jon's cock and chest. He 

especially liked it when they sucked and rubbed his nipples, or rolled them 

between their thumbs and forefingers. 



The ladies became excited as they played with him and he could see their cunts 

becoming wet with desire. One of the ladies, Ella, grasped his cock dropped to 

her knees and kissed the swollen cockhead. She licked over the cock head and 

behind the rim, then took it into her mouth and sucked it, while running her 

tongue all about the head. Suddenly she stopped and looked up at the other women 

watching her and exclaimed, "God that tastes good! I haven't done that for so 

fucking long!"



"Don't take all the goodies, Ella," the Mistress told her. "The others need to 

get some too." Mistress Lea sensed that the ladies sexual appetites were aroused 

enough to lead them into more adventurous territory. "It's for the Slave to 

pleasure you until you are all completely sated, then perhaps, we may see to his 

needs." She continued and commanded Jon to lay down on the bed. " Ella, I want 

you to mount him and sit on his face." She told the woman that had briefly 

sucked Jon's cock. The woman, completely naked, mounted Jon's face. The lust 

glowed vividly in her eyes, as she straddled Jon's chest and pushed her wet cunt 

onto his waiting mouth. 



Jon began by running his tongue along each side of her outer cuntlips. She 

moaned in pleasure as he continued to lick and gently bite her cuntlips. He 

reached up and started to rub and tweak her nipples, which had become hard and 

protruded outward nearly a half an inch. He parted her cuntlips with his tongue 

and ran it several times the full length of her cunt, but avoided her swelling 

clitoris. 



Ella ground her sex into his mouth trying to get him to place his tongue on her 

clit. The more she would gyrate to force him onto her clit, the more Jon avoided 

it. "Suck my clit, god damn you!" she cried, as her gyrations continued. Jon 

persisted in building her desire, by sucking at her labia and avoiding her fully 

swollen clitoris. An ever so slight nod from the Mistress told Jon to go after 

her clit and he obeyed, instantly.



The moment his tongue flicked across her clit, she groaned loudly and grasped 

his head pulling him hard against her cunt. Her eyes rolled in their sockets and 

she closed her eyelids to privately enjoy the pleasure of his tongue on her 

throbbing clitoris. She swayed with his servicing rhythm and strained to avoid 

coming, thus enjoying the pleasure all the more. The others watching, were 

beginning to feel their cunts getting wetter and aching for the same service 

being administered to Ella. Mistress Lea read their minds, as she too felt a 

pang of desire, watching Ella receive her pleasure. 



"Ladies, help yourselves!" As she guided one of the ladies to her knees and 

gently pushed her face into the crotch of another. "Don't deny yourselves. This 

why you're here. Do it now" she commanded. The two women she had joined together 

quickly disrobed and fell to the floor. The one on her back swiftly pulled her 

classmate's head onto her cunt. Without further instruction, her lover thrust a 

tongue into the waiting and throbbing cunt.



The others began to couple and fondle each other's sex. Some dropped to their 

knees to suck the cunt offered them. Others lay down and inverted themselves 

into the sixty-nine position to mutually enjoy sucking each other's cunts. One 

woman was left without a partner. Mistress Lea felt sorry for her and motioned 

her to come to her. 



She guided the woman to her knees and selflessly permitted her to worship and 

suck, her wet cunt. The Mistress looked about the room at the women sucking each 

other's cunts and tits. The woman on Jon's mouth was nearing climax, and she 

exploded in a mind rendering orgasm, punctuated by her screams, as she savored 

her first great cum in years. The others were joining her in climaxing from the 

tongues lapping at their clitorises. 



The ladies continued to pleasure one another to multiple orgasms, including the 

one riding Jon's face. Lea too enjoyed several orgasms from her pupil dutifully 

sucking at her clitoris. She was pleased at her pupil's accomplishments and 

applauded them. All had come except the lady sucking her cunt. Lea laid her down 

and directed each of the ladies to put their tongues on her clitoris until each 

of them made her cum. " See," she told the reclining woman, "I've saved the best 

for last! You get to enjoy them all." The woman smiled her thanks, threw her 

head back and enjoyed the first of many orgasms.



When all the ladies had been satisfied, Mistress Lea returned them to their 

seats. "Now that you have been reacquainted with lust and pleasure, it's time to 

move on to newer pleasures. One of you tasted our male Slave for just a few 

moments," she reminded them, "now it's time, among other things, for each of you 

to suck this magnificent cock we have at our disposal." She took Jon by his cock 

and roughly pulled him to a standing position. She placed two pedestals about a 

yard apart and locked them into place on the stage. Jon was ordered to stand 

with a foot on each pedestal. Next, she lowered a chain from the ceiling and 

clasped Jon's wrists into the leather restraints attached to the chain. 



She tested the restraints and was satisfied that Jon could not escape, and 

pulled the chain taut, until Jon was fully extended with a foot on each 

pedestal. Mistress Lea then tightly fastened Jon's ankles to the pedestals. Jon 

lowered his head to accommodate his Mistress, knowing that a gag would come 

next. Lea sneered slightly as she acknowledged Jon's submission and abject 

helplessness. She placed a ball gag on his mouth and fastened the buckle tightly 

behind his head. Now, Jon could not cry out, but only groan, moan and endure the 

torments, and pleasures, to come.



"Novices," began Mistress Lea, "we have before us our miserable Slave who 

exists, and is here solely, to serve us for our pleasure. The Slave is totally 

helpless. Although we will visit many torments on his body, rest assured that he 

craves the pain and lust we shall provide him. He has suffered much today, at 

the hands of another Mistress, yet he has more discipline and corrections to 

receive. Intertwined with the torments, will be pleasures, which both he and we, 

shall enjoy. 



"You may pity him, if you must, but be assured he is here to receive these 

corrections and disciplines of his own free will." She reached out to clasp his 

balls cruelly in her hand. "Yes," she continued, "these male ornaments have been 

administered to and are visibly sore, but no matter, they shall ache much more 

before we are pleased and satisfied." Jon winced with pain as Lea squeezed and 

twisted his balls while smiling at both his torment, and her students.



" First, he is not to cum until I wish him to!" she declared. "We will bring him 

to the brink of cumming an infinite number of times before I consent, if at all, 

to his miserable orgasm. His coming," she explained, "is incidental. Our coming 

is the only priority! If he comes it is only for our pleasure, not his!"



Lea brought her pupils onto the stage and formed them in a semi-circle behind 

Jon. She pulled apart Jon's asscheeks, revealing his wrinkled pinkish brown 

asshole. Instinctively Jon drew his asshole in tight for just a second, then 

relaxed submissively to await his fate. Lea told two of the ladies to each pull 

open and hold an asscheek, so she may gain access to Jon's rear orifice. They 

readily complied and eagerly awaited their Mistress's next action. Lea produced 

a long thick, strong rubber band. She tied a knot in the rubber band and placed 

one end of the rubber band on Jon's asshole. 



Lea stretched the other end back as far as it would go, smiled wickedly at her 

pupils and released it to smartly strike Jon's asshole. He groaned in pain as it 

stung his asshole and braced for the next assault he knew was coming. Lea drew 

back and released the band again and again, raining stinging blows unmercifully 

on Jon's asshole. She continued as the moans streamed forth from her gagged 

victim. When tears began to roll down her Slaves cheeks she stopped and grinned 

with satisfaction at her handiwork. Her pupils applauded as Jon hung painfully 

from his restraints.



"There was no specific reason for my beating his asshole with this rubber band," 

Lea explained, "I just thought of it and wanted to do it, so I did! It was not a 

planned part of this session. But that is a great part of the pleasure for both 

the Slave and myself. Not knowing what comes next, only that it will bring pain, 

but also bring pleasure." The Mistress opened a cabinet at the rear of the stage 

and withdrew a leather dildo butt plug.



It was about ten inches in length and nearly two and a half inches in diameter. 

"Guess where this will go, ladies." She said as she began to rub the phallic 

object with a perfumed lubricant. When she was satisfied with the state of 

lubrication on the dildo, she placed the tip gently at Jon's asshole, paused a 

moment for effect, then cruelly drove the instrument deep into Jon's asshole. He 

groaned and winced with both pain and pleasure. "Whatever you might think," she 

told the ladies, "he really likes this butt plug phallus. In fact he wears it 

often while he is here at this facility each weekend."



Lea separated the Novices in pairs and instructed them on how each of them would 

suck Jon's cock, play with his balls and tweak and twist his nipples, while 

preventing him from cumming. Those not servicing Jon would service one another, 

and she encouraged to cum. "Florence, on your knees before the Slave." Commanded 

Lea. "Play roughly with his balls while you suck his miserable root." Alteisha 

was assigned to lick, suck, tweak, bite and twist his nipples. Alteisha fell 

eagerly to her task. Florence knelt uneasily in front of the massive cock before 

her and seemed hesitant to begin. Under Lea's understanding insistence she 

opened wide and received the huge cockhead into her mouth. Instantly she 

relished placing her tongue on its smooth and satiny surface. The cocks' musk 

was fragrant and overpowering her with desire. She ran her tongue over and 

around the cockhead and wanted eagerly to envelop it all. 



Florence grasped his swollen balls and tickled and squeezed them harshly. 

Florence marveled at how wonderful it felt to provide such obvious pleasure to 

her bound Slave, yet with a squeeze here and a bite there, also cause such 

humiliating pain. Jon writhed under the ministrations of both women sexually 

molesting, pleasing and tormenting his nipples, cock and balls. Florence, was 

prodded by Lea and her classmates to deep throat Jon's cock, but try as she 

might, the cock was too massive to easily fit down her throat. 



Jon's could feel his juices stirring deep in his balls, and strain to be 

released into the majestic staff of his aching cock. He wanted desperately to 

cum, but knew full well that he must pace himself, to avoid embarrassing his 

Mistress by coming too soon, thus revealing a flaw in his training. He steeled 

himself to the task of avoiding an orgasm through trying to discipline his mind 

to ignore the sucking. His nipples were joyfully receiving both the pain and 

pleasure of Alteisha's mouth and fingers. 



They constantly sent signals to his cock to explode cum throughout Florence's 

mouth, but he fought hard against releasing his thick milky fluids. His 

gyrations and moans evidenced to his Mistress that her pupils were performing 

excellently, their oral and manual stimulation. Lea was visibly pleased at their 

efforts and ordered them to switch places and continue bestowing their services 

on the Slave.



The others had paired and were raptly engaged in masturbating, finger fucking or 

sucking each other's cunts and tits. Alteisha had taken Jon entirely into her 

throat. She sucked and licked his cock until he was sure he would explode in a 

sea of cum. "Not that easy, you wimpy piece of shit!" Alteisha taunted Jon, as 

she relented from her fierce assault on the massive cock in her mouth. 



"Momma did not say 'Ratty-ass Slave could cum!' You best tighten your ass and 

cut that cum off!" She taunted and twisted his sore and aching balls until he 

screamed into the ball gag. He fought against the mounting desire to spray her 

mouth with his salty, creamy cum. Her tongue redoubled its efforts on his cock 

and Florence's expert rubbing and tweaking was arousing his nipples again. 



"Enough." Commanded Mistress Lea. " Dixie, you and Myrna take your turns now, 

and spare him nothing!" Eagerly the women assumed their tasking with relish. 

Jon's cock strained to cum under the exquisite torment of their tongues and 

fingers. Lea marveled admirably at her Slaves' stoic discipline in preventing 

himself from cumming.. He withstood and endured the intensely pleasurable oral 

ministrations, as each pair of women took their turns at his massive cock and 

sensitive nipples. The Novices did their best to cause him to cum prematurely, 

but to no avail. He endured, and when Lea told the last pair to stop he was 

mentally relieved, even though his cock strained to spray his semen explosively 

out of his balls. "I'm happy for you, Slave." Lea told him. "Your self control 

has been well demonstrated, proving the value of your training, ---and, saving 

you much pain in avoiding the discipline you surely would have received, had you 

failed me by cumming!" Jon eyes transmitted his 'thank you' as the ball gag 

prevented him from speaking. 



"Let this be a lesson to all of you Novices too, when your formal training as 

submissives begins, you too will be similarly tested!" Mistress Lea released the 

chains that held Jon's hands over his head and allowed him to lower his arms. 

She unshackled his wrist and ankle restraints from the overhead chain and the 

pedestals. He could feel his aching muscles restore themselves, as the blood 

rushed in to relieve the numbness in his body brought about by his bonds. Lea 

led him to the bed and spread-eagled him. She attached the wrist and ankle 

restraints to the steel rings in the head and footboard provided for this 

purpose. 



Next, she drew a leather device from the cabinet and held it up for her pupils 

to view. The device had straps, buckles and Velcro clasps attached to it. Lea 

placed the device under Jon's balls and pulled the straps tightly into place, 

closed the Velcro clasps and tightly buckled the straps. "This is to restrain 

his cock and balls." She explained. "The device tightly separates and restrains 

his balls. It also forms a very tight ring around the base of his cock to 

prevent him from cumming, even if he could not restrain himself through the 

discipline of his training." 



Jon's massive cock stood erect and rock hard as Lea fondled it while continuing 

to instruct her students. "This device will please all of us who desire to fuck 

and cum in multiples. He cannot 'lose' his hardon, thus we may fuck ourselves to 

our hearts desire." Lea advised them. "Yes, he may get sore and his cock may 

ache from friction, but who cares? Most important, is the fact that it will stay 

hard and pleasure us, as long as we want. Each of you will have the opportunity 

to mount this massive cock, and fuck. to multiple orgasms. The only rule is that 

you may only cum three times before you must dismount, and take your place at 

the end of the line, while your classmates complete their turns. Ruth, you have 

the first turn. Enjoy." 



Eagerly Ruth got on the bed and gazed down at Jon, neatly shackled and gagged. 

Her cunt was still wet from her turn at sucking his cock. Ruth knelt down and 

spread her knees on either side of Jon's hips. She opened her cuntlips and 

guided Jon's cockhead to her sex. She moaned with pleasure as she descended onto 

the massive cock, taking it fully inside her with a single downward thrust of 

her body. Her hands immediately grasped her tits. She kneaded them and pulled 

hard at her nipples as she began to rise and fall on the cock that stretched her 

cunt to its fullest. 



Ruth threw her head back and was enraptured with the marvelous feeling filling 

her cunt. She could sense that her orgasm would soon follow her gyrations on the 

massive cock she was fucking. Within a few minutes she began to sigh and groan 

while accelerating entering and withdrawing the marvelous piston-cock in her 

cunt. Suddenly she screamed loudly, as her first orgasm shuddered through her 

body to the root of her soul. She could feel her cunt cumming and contracting 

strongly again and again about the wonderful cock fucking her. Her orgasm seemed 

to last for several minutes even though in reality it was only a few seconds. 



Ruth continued cumming without stopping her up and down fucking of Jon's cock. 

As her first orgasm subsided, Ruth enthusiastically resumed her efforts towards 

a repeat performance. She paused momentarily to get her knees out from under 

herself and thrust her legs forward, thus bringing the full weight of her upper 

body down on Jon, impaling herself fully on his massive cock. She gasped, as she 

felt the cock fill her cunt completely and strain at her cervix until it finally 

entered. Ruth resumed her gyrations and grasped the headboard to help her lift 

herself up slightly before plunging down deeply again onto the cock impaling her 

cunt. 



She felt the cock shaft rubbing against her clit, beginning to awaken her quest 

for another orgasm. Eagerly she fucked the wonderful cock with renewed desire 

and rolled her head with pleasure. She smiled briefly at her classmates and 

Mistress Lea, while continuing her fucking Jon's cock. Finally she bit her lip 

and cried out as she exploded in another enormous orgasm. Momentarily, the 

orgasm caused her to nearly faint. Ruth rolled her body forward and limply 

swayed slightly from side to side from the impact of her mind numbing orgasm. 

She would have fallen over except for her outstretched legs and the rock hard 

cock embedded deep in her cunt. Jon's cock was literally holding her up and in 

place. 



Mistress Lea led the applause from Ruth's classmates at her excellent 

performance. Ruth could not speak coherently, as her sighs and moans underscored 

the unbelievably wondrous fucking she had just given herself. She wearily pulled 

herself off of Jon's cock and dragged her body off the bed, trying to catch her 

breath. She raised her head and smiled saying, "I'll take my place at the end of 

the line now and recuperate for my next turn." Lea led Ruth to a chair, as June 

impatiently climbed onto the bed and took her turn to sit on the still rock hard 

cock. 



June took it full into her cunt and half-sneered at Jon as he strained under the 

urge to cum. Although his cock felt that it would explode, the cockring held his 

cumming in check. His mind roiled under the knowledge that he still had at least 

six more cunts to satisfy. He closed his eyes at the pleasure being visited upon 

his cock and thrust his hips up hard to bring the climax quickly to June's 

loins, but to no avail, as she was determined to take her time and fully enjoy 

her fucking.



Jon felt as though he could take no more of their fucking without erupting. Each 

time he got close to cumming, the cock ring precluded him from achieving orgasm. 

Patiently, he resigned himself to his fate as June finished, only to be followed 

in turn by Trixie, Ella, Myrna, Dixie and Florence. Alteisha was to be last, but 

she let Ruth re-enter the line and go before her. Ruth once again impaled 

herself on Jon's cock and fucked him until she came hard again. She dismounted 

and smiled to Alteisha to take her turn.



Alteisha lost no time in mounting the rock hard erection presented to her. With 

one motion she mounted Jon and enveloped his cock, burying it deep into her 

shaven cunt. She fucked him for nearly ten minutes until her heavy breathing 

signaled the beginning of her first orgasm. Alteisha hung her head down and 

closed her eyes tightly to receive her first explosive cum. She gritted her 

teeth and groaned as she relished every delectable second of her long orgasm. 



As the orgasm subsided, she rose up and turned her back to Jon's face and 

remounted his throbbing cock. Again she rose and fell on the delightfully huge 

shaft, while rhythmically swaying her head as she rode him. Her moans of joy 

bore witness to the pleasure she was extracting from the massive cock inserted 

backward in her cunt. Once more she exploded in an unimaginably intense orgasm, 

as her cunt clasped tightly about the cock, and seemed to suck it deeper inside 

her. 



When her second orgasm passed into oblivion, Alteisha rose up to remove the 

throbbing cock from her cunt. She suspended her pussy over it and quickly turned 

to face Jon once more. She reached back to her cunt and brought forth her cunt 

juice soaked fingers. With a single motion she rubbed the cunt juices onto her 

backside and plunged Jon's cock deep into her asshole. Alteisha screamed with 

delight as she fucked herself in the ass with the huge cock. 



She began to finger her clit as she rode him hard for several minutes that 

seemed like an eternity to both Jon and the others. Soon she exploded into a 

raging orgasm that seemed to continue as long as she rubbed her clit. The added 

joy of her asshole closing about Jon's cock with each spasm of her orgasm drove 

Alteisha to nearly pass out from sheer pleasure. She looked down at Jon and 

smiled a smile of complete satisfaction. Rising to extract the massive cock from 

her ass, Alteisha whispered, "Thank you," to Mistress Lea, as she dismounted to 

the applause of her Mistress and classmates.



"Mistress?" asked Florence, "Won't you take your turn as well?" Lea was, at 

first, startled by the question. She turned to look long and hard at the 

magnificent hardon and turned back to the women with a smile.



"Why not." she declared. "There's no reason to deny myself, is there?" She 

quickly removed her leather boots and teddy to reveal a magnificent set of tits 

topped by pert and upright nipples. Her cunt was shaved smooth clearly showing 

her extended and wet labia that surrounded her engorged clit. Lea mounted her 

Slaves' hips and reached out to remove the ball gag from Jon's mouth. She 

covered her lips with her finger indicating to Jon not to speak. 



Her hands guided the huge cock to her cunt and sighed breathlessly as she sat 

down ramming the massive hard cock completely into her sex. Slowly she rocked 

back and forth deeply seating the cock to her liking, and began to fuck the 

great instrument of her pleasure. She alternately played with both her own and 

Jon's nipples as she continued her fucking. Her face was radiant with the 

ecstasy she was receiving, and causing, with her fucking. She moaned with 

pleasure, as she exploded into an orgasm that seemed to rattle her basic being. 

Lea breathed heavily as her cum subsided.



She rose up slightly and removed the cock and ball device from Jon's genitals 

and tossed it aside. "Come inside me when I come again." She said to Jon as she 

resumed fucking him. Lea lay forward over her Slave bringing her tits to his 

face with each down stroke. Jon would reach out and grasp her nipple with his 

lips each time she brought herself forward. Lea quickly realized what Jon was 

trying to do and began to pause momentarily, with each down stroke, to let him 

suck the nipple into his mouth and lick it. 



Lea's students decided to help their Mistress enjoy her turn at satisfaction. 

Ella hopped onto the bed behind her, lay down on her back and placed her face 

and head under Lea's ass. With each down stroke Ella would tongue Lea's asshole. 

June and Myrna each captured one of Lea's tits away from Jon and sucked fiercely 

on her nipples as she fucked Jon's cock. Dixie and Trixie tried to alternate 

their tongues on Lea's clit with some moderate success. Florence mounted the bed 

and sat her cunt on Jon's mouth while facing Lea. Alteisha Grasped Lea's face 

and buried her tongue in her mouth showering her with passionate kisses. The 

rest of the women fingered and masturbated their cunts in rhythm with Lea's 

fucking movements.



Lea fought hard against cumming. The multiple raptures being visited upon her, 

felt so wonderful that she did not want them to stop. She felt faint as she 

moaned and sighed in ecstasy. Suddenly, she could not withhold her cum. Her cunt 

throbbed, clenched and clasped the massive cock within her, and she exploded in 

orgasm. She continued to meet each upward thrust of Jon's cock, with a downward 

thrust of her own. Her senses reeled as waves of orgasm concentrated within her 

cunt. Her mind and clit had reached the apex of her ability to withstand the 

pleasurable onslaught. 



As Lea cried out that she was near to fainting, Jon's cock erupted in an 

enormous expulsion of thick creamy semen, ejected upward and deep into Lea's 

cunt coinciding with her down stroke. They both screamed their pleasure as the 

ejected hot cum struck the interior walls of Lea's cunt causing her to orgasm 

again. She shuddered, shook and nearly fainted from the magnificent feeling 

surrounding her clit, extending deep into her cunt. Volumes of Jon's cum erupted 

into the clasping grasping cunt that engulfed his erupting cock. Never had Lea 

felt so utterly full of cum.



Lea emerged from her orgasm gasping to catch her breath. She threw her head back 

to relish the subsiding after-comes bursting forth with each of her movements. 

Jon's throbbing cock violently vented his creamy frothy cum deep into her cunt. 

Lea held still for several seconds, collected herself and grasped her cunt at 

the root of Jon's cock. She waited until the huge cock slowly became flaccid and 

was spurting no more.



Grasping her cuntlips with her fingers as tightly as she could, Lea rose up to 

withdraw the limp cock and held closed the lips of her cunt. Thick, pearly cum 

covered Jon's cockhead. Lea crawled on her knees to hover her cunt over Jon's 

mouth. Slightly, she released her fingers from her cuntlips, allowing some of 

Jon's come to dribble on his lips. She brushed the come all over his lips with 

her cuntlips. Jon licked his lips and took the semen into his mouth. Slowly Lea 

spread her cuntlips sufficiently to allow a large globule of creamy semen to 

flow out and drop onto Jon's mouth. Again Jon's tongue willingly gathered the 

offering and swallowed his fluid. 



He opened his mouth and awaited the avalanche of semen that he knew would flow 

like lava from the cunt poised above his mouth. Lea hesitated, but did not 

disappoint him, as she fully opened her cuntlips, squeezed the muscles of her 

sex and descended her cunt, surrounding and capturing his mouth. The cum 

cascaded in a slow river of creamy pearly fluid flowing from her cunt into his 

mouth, flooding his lips and tongue as it descended towards his throat. 



Eagerly Jon accepted Lea's offering and swallowed his cum while sucking at her 

cunt for more. Again Lea did not disappoint him and squeezed all the remaining 

cum out of her cunt in one great effort, relishing Jon's tongue as it brushed 

her clit, gathered the cum and gave her yet another mini-cum. Satisfied, Lea 

dismounted to the cheers and applause of her students. 



Florence's eyes roamed over Jon's exhausted body and came to rest on his flaccid 

cum covered cock resting on his thigh. She grasped his cock in her fingers and 

swiftly licked it clean, relishing the taste of his come. "Well ladies," Said 

Lea composing herself as she dressed, "Lets adjourn for lunch shall we? Except 

for Slave Jon who's already eaten." They laughed at Lea's remark, as they put on 

their robes and prepared to leave the small auditorium. 



"Of course Florence did get an appetizer too." Lea concluded laughingly. The 

women congratulated each other, and especially Florence for her thoroughness, as 

they left the lecture room leaving Jon still bound to bed. Florence looked 

puzzled as she glanced at Jon then back to Lea. "Don't concern yourself with a 

Slave." Lea told her. "He served us perfectly well and that's what Slaves are 

for. Let's think of lunch now." Jon was exhausted and was falling asleep even as 

they were leaving the chamber.















Castleton Chapter Three, The Initiation





This story is the third chapter in the Castleton series. This story is the 

property of the author. It is not to be changed in any way, nor published or 

shown at other web sites without the permission of the author. Email: 

lacyp40@hotmail.com. Please provide feedback, if you choose. All comments 

appreciated.



Chapter Three, The Initiation



A Slave gently shook Jon's shoulder to awaken him. He felt his wrists and ankles 

being released from their constraints. Jon rose to a sitting position on the 

edge of the bed and rubbed his sore wrists. His fellow Slave, taking pity, 

rubbed Jon's ankles to restore the circulation. "Is it night?" Jon asked.



"Nearly dusk," the Slave responded. "You should hurry, for the ceremonies will 

start soon after dark."



"Yes," replied Jon. "I mustn't be late for the ceremonies!" He pulled his robe 

about him and accepted help from his companion Slave to rise and leave the room 

to prepare himself for the evenings activities.



Mistress Lea guided her pupils into the antechamber of the Great Hall. They had 

just come from their baths and had donned clean white robes. As Novices, they 

were to wait until all the Masters and Mistresses had entered the Great Hall and 

had taken their places. Lea had told them that the ceremonies could only start 

when the Grand Master arrived and took his place on the throne. The Masters and 

Mistresses ignored the Novices, as they began arriving. Even their original 

sponsors ignored them. Lea smiled a reassurance to them, as if to say that 

everything was all right, and not to be concerned. The Masters and Mistresses 

were dressed in red satin robes that fell to the floor. They talked softly with 

one another as they entered the Great Hall or mingled about in the antechamber.



Three bells, similar to dinner chimes, rang out announcing the arrival of the 

Grand Master in the Great Hall. The Novices looked about to catch a glimpse of 

the Grand Master, but Lea whispered that he had entered through a private 

entrance reserved for the Grand Master and his entourage. All of the Masters and 

Mistresses entered, save Lea, who stood at the antechamber with the Novices. 

"Wait here until I come for you. Stand still and do not speak, or even whisper," 

said Lea, as she too entered the Great Hall closing the huge oak door behind 

her.



Inside, the Members, as the assembled Masters and Mistresses were collectively 

known, sat on a three-tiered semicircle with the Grand Master at the center, 

seated on the large 'Phallic Throne'. The throne was shaped in the form of an 

enormous upright phallus with huge testicles on either side that served as both 

seat and arm rests. There were no seats behind him nor in front, thereby 

acknowledging his superior position.



The Grand Master wore a black leather hood, which covered his face, except for 

the tip of his nose and his mouth. A black and red satin cape was draped over 

his shoulders, partially covering his nearly complete nakedness, save for a 

black leather G- string that covered his genitals. At either side of the Grand 

Master were two Mistresses sitting or lying at his feet. They were naked under 

their robes, which were partially draped over them, yet open enough to see their 

naked bodies.



The lighting in the Great Hall obscured the Grand Master's upper body from a 

clear view, presenting a mystical aura over his presence. In the center of the 

Hall was a raised circular stage. It was a rotating stage, which could also be 

raised higher if necessary. The stage was flood lighted so that the spectators 

could see the performers on the stage very well, but the persons on stage could 

only see shadowy figures seated about them. It heightened the anxieties of 

anyone who might be on stage. The Grand Master motioned to Mistress Lea and she 

stepped onto the stage. Her robe was open revealing her splendid uplifted tits, 

a golden ring through each nipple and her shaven cunt, with a tiny silver bell 

suspended from a ring in her cuntlips.



"Grand Master, Masters and Mistresses," She began, "Tonight I am presenting 

eight female Novices to be initiated into our Order. They have been sponsored by 

Members true, and in good standing. I have overseen their initial orientation 

training, including a initial Slave session, which was concluded this afternoon. 

Each of the Novices appears, to this point, to have the necessary traits and 

characteristics to eventually become a quality Slave, or a thriving Mistress, to 

bolster and ingratiate our Order.



"They appear to be mature Novitiates. This was done, Sir, at your direction, to 

find Novitiates who would bring not only lust to our order, but wisdom as well. 

I think that these women well fill your specifications and will become quality 

Slaves and perhaps Mistresses." She paused and hearing no contradiction 

continued. "I shall now, with your permission Grand Master, escort the Novices 

into your magnificent presence." The Grand Master nodded his approval and Lea 

moved quickly to the door to retrieve her charges.



Mistress Lea moved behind each Novice and one by one, she pushed the white hood 

off their heads, and blindfolded each of them. In single file Lea led the 

Novitiates into the Great Hall. She had them mount the stage and stand facing 

the assembled Members. Lea took her seat near the Grand Master, at his feet. The 

Novices were all nervous. They wondered what was in store for them, in the 

presence of the assembled Members and the Grand Master.



They could feel their hearts beating rapidly and their palms were clammy. They 

could hear and sense someone on the stage with them. A male Helper moved a post 

onto the stage and locked it in place at the edge facing the Grand Master. The 

post had multiple steel rings attached to it at various levels and was topped by 

a set of leather wrist restraints. The stage contained many steel rings that 

folded into the floor.



A deep voice boomed and reverberated throughout the Great Hall with a medieval 

flavor to its sound. "This day, --- you Novitiates, --- will be initiated into 

'The Order of the Marquis'. No request of the Order will be denied, no command 

or desire demanded of you, will go unfulfilled, and --- the only privilege 

permitted you, is obedience without question! None of you will be permitted to 

withdraw from this initiation. You have gone beyond the point of no return.



"You will endure all that is planned for you this day. You may cry out, but the 

planned activity will not cease because of your cries or screams. Your 

blindfolds will be kept in place until the initial individual ceremony is 

completed. You may not speak unless given permission to do so." The voice paused 

for effect then declared, "Let the ceremonies begin!"



From a sequence predetermined by Lea, the timid Florence was selected and 

brought to the post. She was shuddering from apprehension, mixed with fear, of 

what might happen. She felt ashamed when her robe was removed and she stood 

naked before all the Members. She had never been naked in front of men, other 

than her previous boyfriend and the Slave Jon, this afternoon. Now she could not 

even see the many people who were viewing her nakedness. She blushed behind her 

blindfold and her blush brought a murmur of admiration from the Members. The 

Helpers quickly bound her wrists to the restraints overhead. Other restraints 

were placed about her ankles and made fast to the rings in the stage. She was 

completely helpless!



"This is Florence," Lea began, "She has been selected first because of her 

shyness, which has already found favor with nearly all of you. I'm sure you will 

be pleased with her." Lea called out to another Mistress to come to the stage 

and start the proceedings.



"Florence," said Lea, "This is Mistress Lynette. She and her Helpers will attend 

to you and the others." Mistress Lea returned to her place at the Grand Masters 

feet and smiled at her Mistress companions, who were fondling the Grand Master 

under his G sting and rubbing his nipples.



Mistress Lynette was the complete Masturbitrix, and she initiated her art 

immediately on Florence's cunt. She rubbed Florence's sex while the Helpers 

began to rub her nipples and fondle her tits. Lynette clasped Florence's clit 

between her cuntlips and began to roll them over her clit between her thumb and 

forefinger. The Helpers did the same to her nipples. The passion was quickly 

rising in Florence, as she strained and writhed at the marvelous feelings 

visited on her tits and cunt. She knew she would cum if they continued and it 

did not seem to her that they intended to stop.



She loved every moment of her sexual anguish. The Helpers began to squeeze and 

pull hard on her nipples, as they pinched, twisted and stretched them. It was 

painful, but it also felt good, and she wished that they would continue. Her 

wishes were granted. Her cunt was sopping wet and her juices were flowing down 

her legs. Florence was uncomfortable with this and blushed even more, which 

again pleased the Members.



Mistress Lynette was quickly bringing Florence towards orgasm with the 

magnificent rolling of her clit wrapped inside the folds of her cuntlips. The 

Helpers pinched down hard on her nipples, twisted and pulled them to their full 

extremity, and she knew the orgasm was upon her. Suddenly Florence exploded in a 

sea of cum that kept building as her clit continued to receive the 

manipulations. Florence had never cum as hard as this. She screamed for joy and, 

without warning, her joyful screams were suddenly changed to screams of 

indescribable pain at each of her nipples. Florence had never known such 

splitting pain as she now felt in her nipples. She groaned as her orgasm 

subsided, but her nipples blazed like fire, with a burning pain that lingered, 

even as her orgasm ended.



The Helpers release her nipples, but they still hurt and she had no idea why. 

Florence, exhausted, hung from her wrist restraints with her chin on her chest, 

looking down, trying to recover, when her blindfold was removed. She looked at 

her aching nipples and saw a gold ring neatly implanted in each one. Wearily, 

she looked at Mistress Lynette, who smiled sweetly at her, kissed her on each 

cheek and on each of her nipples. Hugging Florence, Mistress Lynette hung a 

small lead weight on each nipple ring, which pulled the nipple downward and 

increased the pain. "Sometime soon, Florence, someone will pierce your pretty 

little cuntlips too, and hang a little silver bell there." Whispered Lynette, so 

that only Florence could hear her.



The other Novices were frightened and confused by the sounds that they had 

heard. Each one now knew that a similar painful fate awaited them, but not 

knowing what it was, served to heighten their fear and anxiety. Florence's 

restraints were removed and her blindfold replaced over her eyes. The Helpers 

assisted her to return to her former place on the stage. Myrna was introduced 

next and the ritual was replayed. She too climaxed in a shuddering orgasm, only 

to have the pleasure interrupted by the searing pain of her nipples being 

pierced and ringed without a warning or her knowledge.



One by one the Novitiates were led to the post, bound, fondled, masturbated to 

orgasm and pierced through their nipples! Alteisha screamed the loudest, and the 

twins whimpered the longest, after their screaming ended. Soon all eight of them 

stood naked, uncertain, nipples aching from the piercing and the lead weights 

hanging from the rings implanted in them. Mistress Lea mounted the stage and 

dabbed each pierced nipple with a stinging disinfectant. She took obvious 

pleasure at their discomfort. The Members gave the initiates a resounding round 

of applause to celebrate their piercing.



The post was moved to the center of the revolving stage and locked in place. The 

Helpers bound each Novice's ankles together and fastened them to a ring on the 

post. Each wrist was placed in a leather restraint, with a three-foot chain 

attached to the restraint, and the other end attached to the post. The Helpers 

arranged them in a circle, facing outward, about the post. Each Novice's 

shoulders were pushed forward thus suspending their bodies outward, with their 

arms extended backward toward the post.



This caused them to lean out at an angle over the edge of the stage with their 

tits jiggling freely and pointing down. The abrupt stop of their bodies caused 

the lead weights on their nipples rings to pull harshly at their nipples, 

bringing increased groans of stinging pain. Mistress Lea asked that the Member 

that sponsored each Novice step forward to stand in front of the woman they had 

sponsored. Each of the Members carried a small leather bound paddle.



"Begin!" commanded Lea, and the Members struck each suspended tit of their 

Novice with the leather paddle. The paddles striking their tits, combined with 

the swinging of the lead weights on each nipple ring, caused searing pain to 

each Novice. The stage began to slowly rotate bringing each Novice within 

striking distance of the next Member. Their tits were struck again and again as 

the slapping paddles landed full on their targets. The Novices cried out, 

screamed, groaned and whimpered shamelessly from the pain visited on their tits. 

Trying to avoid the paddles only caused them to be struck on other areas of 

their bodies.



The welts and bruises on their tits, shoulders and ribcages were turning shades 

of pink, red and purple. Crying out brought no relief as the paddles continued 

to fall mercilessly on their protruding tits. Their ordeal continued for several 

minutes, which seemed like hours to the Novices, until Lea ordered the 

punishment to stop. The women's tears were flowing freely as their heads hung 

down. Their tits were nearly numb from the pain of the paddles, except for the 

pain at their nipples, which would not diminish.



The Helpers brought each Novice upright and released them from the post. The 

wrist restraints were locked together and the Novices were made to kneel down 

facing the post. Studded collars with rings were placed on their necks and the 

collars were attached to the floor rings on the stage. Their legs were brought 

underneath their bodies and spread wide exposing their assholes, cunts and 

clits. Leather straps were placed over the back of their knees and bound to the 

stage. Their ankle restraints were similarly attached to rings in the stage. Now 

they were, again, completely helpless. Their asses were elevated and asscheeks 

spread wide.



The Helpers brought forth a soft skinned plastic dildo vibrator for each Novice. 

These dildos were thick and long with a nub that protruded at the base of the 

device. The dildos were inserted into the already wet cunts with the protrusion 

resting on each Novice's clitoris. The dildos were made fast to each body by a 

set of fine stainless steel chains that surrounded their waists and looped 

through a ring on the base of the dildo. The battery powered vibrator dildos 

were turned on, causing their wearers to gyrate with as much pleasure, as their 

restraints would permit.



The Novices reveled in the pleasure visited on their clits and cunts by the 

vibrator dildos. At random they would sigh and moan, as they would cum from the 

joy and pleasure in their cunts. As they enjoyed the resonant vibrations on 

their clits and in their cunts, each sponsor Member was selecting a heavy rubber 

band from Mistress Lea's treasure trove of Instruments of Discipline. The 

Novices soothing feelings were suddenly interrupted with stinging pain, as the 

rubber bands were stretched and released, to fling their terrible ravishment on 

the tender assholes presented to the assembled Membership. The Novices screamed 

again and again as the stabbing, stinging rubber bands impacted each asshole.



The pain was nearly unbearable and was amplified by the knowledge in each Novice 

that they were bound, completely helpless and at the mercy, no not mercy, but 

disposal, of the Members. The rubber banding of their assholes seemed to go on 

forever. Their tears and screams brought them no relief, which finally came at 

Mistress Lea's pronouncement of "Enough!" The Novices were crying and sobbing in 

their anguish from the discipline, wishing they could speak, but aware that 

speaking or asking them to stop would end forever their quest for membership in 

the order. They suffered as mutely as they could, while waiting for whatever 

would be next.



Now, the sponsors selected a set of thicker, longer, leather covered dildos 

which they lubricated before roughly inserting the instruments into each of the 

Novice's assholes. Each of the dildos was shaped like huge phallus, with a 

slight depression at the base of the shaft so that it might also function as a 

butt plug. The Novice's sphincters closed in tight spasms about the dildos, in 

rhythm with the feeling in their cunts and clits created by the vibrator dildos, 

still buried and working, in their cunts. The sponsor Members permitted the 

pleasant sensations to continue for a few minutes, to allow the rubber band 

stinging to abate. They waited, strap paddles in hand, for the command to begin 

the next discipline.



At Mistress Lea's command the stage began to rotate again and the sound of 

leather swishing through the air filled the Novice's ears. They shuddered as 

they realized what was about to happen. Myrna was in the throes of cumming, as 

the first blow landed across both cheeks of her ass. She screamed, but the sound 

was drowned out by the slaps of multiple leather straps pitilessly striking the 

proffered asses. The whippings continued as the stage rotated, giving each 

sponsor the opportunity to whip each Novice.



The screaming, moaning and groaning resumed from the painful application of the 

straps to their asses. Some of the sponsor Members changed to the paddle end of 

their instruments and delivered hard and unrelentingly stinging strokes to the 

flesh proffered for their pleasure and amusement. Other Members aimed their 

strokes at the butt plugs and drove the dildos further into the aching assholes.



The Novices were reeling from the pain of their asscheeks, mingled with the 

mounting desire in their cunts from the vibrators embedded in them. Ella, though 

screaming from the paddle and whip, felt the desire rise in her loins and she 

quieted, as she came from the pleasure she was receiving from the vibrating 

dildo. Her orgasm brought applause from the Grand Master and the other Members 

who were witnessing her ordeal. The others, one after another, reached glorious 

orgasms, orchestrated by the dual sensations of pain and pleasure.



The twins, Dixie and Trixie, came more often, than the others. Trixie, was 

almost in a continuous state of orgasm and was enraptured by the spasms of her 

asshole closing around the butt plug each time she came. June was completely 

worn out and could only feel the paddle as background clutter, concentrating 

more intently on her orgasms. She no longer screamed, but moaned and sighed with 

each orgasm. Alteisha was nearly hoarse from screaming, as she fought the pain 

of the paddle. She would not easily give in to the Masters and Mistresses 

violating her body. Not even her frequent orgasms mellowed her to the point of 

yielding graciously to her tormentors.



Alteisha's unwillingness to surrender, though admirable, only served to redouble 

the efforts of the Members tormenting her. Finally, singled out by Mistress Lea, 

her sponsor was given a cat o' nine tails, to administer the discipline. The cat 

o' nine tails increased the pain by an order of magnitude, as the whip 

aggravated Alteisha's asscheeks with deep red and purple welts.



She fought the whip until finally her skin was broken and she bled, bringing her 

at last, into compliance. Alteisha's tense muscles relaxed as she nearly fainted 

and simultaneously shuddered in a great orgasm deep within her cunt. The 

assembled Members applauded both Alteisha's endurance and the Master who brought 

her to heel. "Well done Master Douglas!" Exclaimed the Grand Master followed by 

more applause.



"Enough," said Mistress Lea and the discipline ceased. Some of the Novices 

continued to cum from the pleasure in their cunts. All were breathing hard as 

they gasped at surviving this ordeal. The Helpers released the Novices and 

allowed to them catch their breath. The Novices lay on their bellies, avoiding 

rolling over onto their still painful asses. The Helpers applied ice cold towels 

to the Novices asses, which helped relieve the pain somewhat.



Mistress Lea allowed them to lie on the stage while preparations were underway 

in the Great Hall. The Helpers had brought in straight and upholstered chairs, 

cushions, hassocks, small tables and large mattresses. The furnishings were 

strategically spread about the Great Hall and cool refreshments placed on the 

tables. The Masters and Mistresses rose from their seats, accepted glasses of 

their favorite beverages from the Helpers and engaged in small talk while they 

awaited the renewal of nights ceremonial activities.



The Novices were ordered to assemble in the center of the Great Hall. Slowly, 

nursing their tender aching nipples and asses, they obeyed the directive. The 

Helpers removed the dildos from their cunts and assholes and collected them in a 

plastic bag for cleaning. The dim lights were turned up and the shadows now took 

shape. Mistress Lea stood with the Novices and all eyes now turned toward the 

Grand Master, as he stood at his elevated throne ready to address the assembly. 

"Masters and Mistresses," He began, "Let us congratulate the sponsors for 

finding and bringing these Novices to Castleton, as prime candidates for the 

Order. They have successfully passed their first trials quite admirably. You 

were patient witnesses and have now earned your pleasures with each and any of 

the Novices here tonight."



The Grand Master removed his black leather hood and smiled at the Novices, as he 

and his entourage of three naked Mistresses left the room through the private 

door behind the throne. The Novices gasped as they recognized the Slave Jon as 

the Grand Master! Mistress Lea smiled and whispered to them, "Once each year the 

Grand Master must serve a weekend as a Slave." The remaining Masters and 

Mistresses moved toward the Novices, in groups of three, four or five, and 

selected a Novice to serve them.



Ella was taken by five women and immediately lowered to a cushion with the 

Mistresses sharing her body. One took Ella's cunt to her mouth and hungrily 

licked her cuntlips and clitoris. Two others each claimed an aching nipple and 

sucked at them ferociously without removing either the nipple rings, nor the 

weights suspended from them. They moved Ella's hands to their cunts and told her 

to masturbate them as they suckled her tits. The fourth sat upon Ella's mouth 

and Ella immediately began to lick and suck her cunt. The fifth Mistress 

inserted a dildo in Ella's asshole and fucked her with it, while licking at the 

cunt of the Mistress eating out Ella's cunt.



Other Novices were being fucked, by the Masters', in their cunts and asses. 

Alteisha was being fucked simultaneously in both cunt and ass while sucking 

another Masters cock. A Mistress was squeezing her nipples, causing great pain 

to Alteisha, but she continued as if it was of no concern to her. Each of the 

other Novices enjoyed the same fate. The twins were much in demand as the 

Masters and Mistresses played with them. Soon the Masters began climaxing on or 

in the Novices at will. Even Ella was not spared. She was still with the five 

Mistresses however several of the Masters moved to her to ejaculate semen on her 

face and body.



Florence was bathed in semen from many of the Masters, attracted to her as a 

result of her shyness. All of the Novices were cumming, fucking, sucking, being 

sucked or receiving deposits of semen all over them, as the orgy continued. 

Alteisha was being virtually raped, as the Masters and Mistresses were 

particularly fierce with her, for her earlier attempt to fight the discipline 

she received. She, in turn, relished every minute of the sexual torments and 

pleasures she was receiving. June, Myrna and Ruth were passed around from Master 

to Mistress and back again. They were unaware of their previous pain, as the 

pleasure of the sex games filled them with desire, passion and orgasms. The 

three were in a state of nearly perpetual orgasm.



They were draped over the arms of chairs to be fucked in the ass, or in the cunt 

dog style. Some were fucked in both asshole and cunt at the same time. They 

sucked cocks, cunts, tits and licked assholes without knowing who they were 

pleasuring. Their minds were whirling with endless joy at the magnificent sexual 

arousal consuming their bodies.



Some of the Masters and Mistresses were fond of biting their aching nipples and 

cuntlips. They would bite them clench their teeth then pull away creating both 

searing pain and endless pleasure to their cunts and tits. Alteisha felt a 

familiar thickening in her asshole and she turned to see the Grand Master, 

a.k.a. Jon, thrusting his massive cock deep into her ass. She clasped the mighty 

prick with her sphincter and fell into rhythm with his cock thrusts.



Mistress Lea appeared, grasped Alteisha's head and brought it to her cunt. It 

was wet and juicy with both come and Lea's musk. Alteisha covered the cunt with 

her lips and thrust her tongue deep into Lea's throbbing pussy. She worked her 

tongue in, out, up, down, over and onto the ridged clit, giving the little nub a 

nearly perpetual tongue rubbing, until Mistresses Lea cried out in orgasm, as 

she could endure no more of the wonderful tongue.



Alteisha closed her teeth about the clit to capture the clit in her mouth and 

continued sucking and licking until Mistress Lea came again and again. Mistress 

Lea responded by grinding her cunt against Alteisha's mouth to enjoy every 

second of her multiple orgasms. Finally Lea fell away exhausted and sank to the 

floor gasping for breath and smiling up at Alteisha still impaled on the Grand 

Masters pulsating shaft.



He felt his cock stiffen even harder as the semen began to boil in his balls and 

seep slowly into the base of his cock. Alteisha knew that the Grand Master was 

nearing orgasm and she clamped down hard on her sphincter to deny him the 

pleasure for as long as possible. The massive cock started to throb and the 

thrusts became more frequent as they penetrated deeper into Alteisha's ass. 

Finally the Grand Master could no longer resist and the sphincter could not 

restrain him further.



An enormous eruption propelled huge volumes of thick, creamy semen deep into 

Alteisha's ass. She filled with cum and could feel the thick frothy liquid 

straining to exit her asshole. As her sphincter spasmed and throbbed, little 

rivulets of come were expelled to run down Alteisha's thigh. The Grand Master 

gathered up semen from her thigh with his fingers and offered it to Alteisha's 

mouth. Eagerly she licked the come from his fingers and whispered exhaustedly 

for more. She was not denied.



The orgy wound down slowly, as one by one the Masters and Mistresses became 

sated and took their leave. Soon the Great Hall was empty of the Members, save 

for Mistress Lea and the Helpers who were tidying up the room and furnishings. 

Lea called the Novices to her and arranged them in a semicircle at her feet. 

"You were splendid," she told them. "I'm so pleased for you."



Lea continued, "All of you passed the Novitiate initiation and will start 

further training tomorrow afternoon. There are some rules that you must learn 

and you must obey them. More on that tomorrow. Now I will dismiss you and you 

may put on your robes and go to your rooms. You may shower first, if you choose. 

The Helpers will show you the way." Lea smiled and left the Great Hall pulling 

on her satin robe as she walked. The Helpers dimmed the lights and escorted the 

ladies out of the Hall. Without speaking, the Helpers showed them each to their 

rooms, kissed them good night and exited closing the door behind them.













Castleton Chapter Four; Training and Ordeal





The morning sunlight was streaming through the windows at Castleton. Helpers 

were busy knocking at the Novices doors, awakening them to the day's activities. 

"Hurry, breakfast in fifteen minutes," shouted a male helper, going from room to 

room with his announcement. Soon, the Novices, wearing white terrycloth robes 

and naked beneath them, were assembled in the hallway and led to the dining 

room.



The dining room was brightly lit with few furnishings. A large oak table, that 

could seat perhaps thirty, if needed, chairs and a serving table against the 

wall. Servants appeared from the kitchen, placed food and drinks on the table 

and disappeared again. No one spoke during the morning meal. June opened her 

mouth, to speak, but a Helper put his finger on her lips and shook his head, 

indicating that no speech was permitted. Quietly they ate their food, drank the 

juice, tea or coffee offered them and waited.



Mistress Lea entered the room and moved to the head of the table. She wore a 

white satin hooded robe with only her nipple rings and silver cuntlips bell, 

beneath it.



"Good morning," she began. "I trust you slept well. You may place additional 

disinfectant on your recently pierced nipples, and I strongly suggest that you 

do. You'll find it on the table that held the breakfast foods.'



"Ladies," began Lea, "this is Mistress Lira. She will begin your instruction 

this morning hours and I will provide your afternoon training. The evenings are 

reserved for the Masters and Mistresses in the Great Hall. I leave you now to 

your lessons."



Lea departed, and all attention was riveted on Mistress Lira.



Mistress Lira inspected each Novice's nipples to see if any infection may be 

starting. Her manner was not gentle and the ladies all stifled a little moans as 

Lira grasped and twisted the rings to complete her inspection.



"Good. No problems from the piercing. Here is a bottle of disinfectant and some 

cotton balls for your use. Rub the disinfectant into the ring holes to be sure 

they stay clean. Ignore the sting."



Mistress Lira covered the history of the Order of the Marquis. "It began long 

ago in England as a religious sect, which eventually became secular, as the 

emphasis focused on sexuality, corrections and discipline. The name of the Order 

is 'Our Order of the Marquis'. Over the years the name was shortened, and now it 

is generally referred to as The Order.'



"In the early twenties a very wealthy man was elected Grand Master. Castleton 

was the family dwelling of the Grand Master. He was the last of his lineage, 

with no heirs. He moved the Order to its permanent home here, at Castleton. This 

is the home of all elected Grand Masters or Mistress's. Castleton may not be 

sold, nor partitioned. The Grand Masters live here in accord with the will and 

ownership passes to the next Grand Master/Mistress of the Order."



"I will begin with the Rules of the Order. Any breech or infraction of the Rules 

automatically carries a penalty of correction, discipline or punishment. The 

Rules are few, but extremely important. Listen carefully."



"First; request permission to speak."



"Second; you will respond with, Yes Master, or Yes Mistress, to all commands."



"Third; you will not cum, nor participate in activities that lead to orgasm, 

without permission."



"Fourth; semen will never be wasted, it must always be consumed."



"Fifth; you will be naked under your robe at all times."



"These are the Rules. One would be wise to obey them. At times, other rules may 

be added as it pleases a Master or Mistress," concluded Lira.



Finally, Lira began the instruction of the arts of sexual pleasures practiced 

within the Order. "During the coming weeks you will be taught the arts of 

masturbation, fellatio, cunnilingus, sodomy, use of sexual aids, such as dildos 

and butt plugs, and the most pleasurable ways to fondle, kiss, lick, nurse and 

stimulate cocks, cunts, assholes, tits, nipples, lips and mouths. In class, you 

will practice your newly acquired arts on each other and, where necessary, with 

male or female Helpers. Occasionally, a Master or Mistress may visit and decide 

to participate in your training."



After lunch, the Novices assembled in Mistress Lea's classroom. Lea began 

instructing them on the use of various instruments to administer correction, 

discipline or punishment. They were shown wrist and ankle restraints, neck 

collars, waistbands and all manner of chains, ropes, ball gags, cock sheaths, 

nipple clamps, butt plugs, dildos and other instruments or appliances. Their 

uses and method of application were explained. Next, Lea brought out an 

assortment of whips, straps, canes, switches, paddles and special devices such 

as cock rings, cock and ball restraints, and other genital torture devices.



She described situations that required the use of the instruments and showed 

them how to apply the articles to a Slave, Helper or Novice. The Novices were 

taught the proper techniques that would prolong the pain and pleasure for both 

the receiver, and the provider, of the correction, discipline or punishment. To 

demonstrate and illustrate the lessons, Mistress Lea said she would use a male 

and female Helper that had broken the rules.



Mistress Lea opened a curtain revealing two 'X' frames equipped with several 

restraints for wrists, ankles, necks and heads. She paused for effect, then 

summoned Helpers to bring in a male and female that would be 'Corrected' for 

rules violations. They were naked. Each was placed upon an 'X' frame and 

restrained securely by their wrists and ankles. Each was wearing a ball gag and 

the fear in their eyes was amply evident.



"These two rogue Helpers are Helga and Michael, they were caught engaging in 

sexual activities without permission," said Lea. "They were found naked, in the 

basement of the Carriage House engaged in an uncompleted act of mutual oral sex, 

a sixty nine, if you will," she continued. "You ladies will provide the 

corrective actions necessary to ensure that such behavior will not happen 

again!"



"Michael swears that Helga was an unwilling participant, hence, he will receive 

the brunt of the Correction. Helga will receive a reminder that will help her to 

avoid getting into such compromising situations in the future. Although I'm not 

really sure that Helga was an unwilling participant, however I'll take Michael's 

word for it."



Lea picked up a small, two-inch wide, leather paddle whip. She stood next to 

Michael and fondled his now flaccid cock.



"Myrna, please come here and service this worthless cock," Lea commanded. Myrna 

rose swiftly, kneeled in front of Michael and took his cock into her mouth. She 

worked her tongue all over his velvety cockhead as Michael squirmed in his 

restraints. As his cock became fully erect, Lea moved Myrna away from the bound 

Helper.



Michael's eyes were closed, enjoying the pleasure of Myrna's tongue, as Lea 

raised the paddle whip high in the air and delivered a cruel blow to the 

vulnerable cockhead. The Helper screamed in pain, as Mistress Lea harshly struck 

his cock again. She smiled at the Helpers discomfort and handed the whip to 

Myrna. "You may bestow five harsh strokes, Myrna, then pass the whip to the next 

Novice." Lea told her.



Myrna grinned as she took the whip and swung it hard against Michael's cock. She 

applied all the five strokes to his cockhead and passed the whip on to Ella, to 

the accompaniment of Michael's sobs and cries. Ella stung Michael's cockshaft 

with five hard blows and gave the whip to Altiesha. She watched the throbbing 

cock swelling from the torments and she savagely struck him on his ball sack. 

The scream emitted from the Helper was blood curdling!



He slumped in his restraints as Alteisha ravaged his exposed balls until they 

swelled and turned a deep purple shade. She passed the paddle to the next Novice 

who pummeled Michael's cock and balls with her five strokes. One by one all the 

Novices took a turn whipping, beating and scourging Michael's genitals until 

they were a swollen bleeding mass of purple flesh hanging between his legs. He 

hung his head and hung limply from his restraints, moaning sobbing and 

blubbering into his ball gag, barely conscious.



Attention now turned to Helga, whimpering in her restraints at the expected 

'Correction' she would soon receive. Lea reached out to gently rub Helga's 

nipple, as she called Florence to come stand beside her. Helga's whimpering, 

soon became moans of pleasure as Lea's fingertips rubbed the sensitive nipple. 

As Helga closed her eyes to enjoy the delight at her nipple, Lea gripped the 

nipple tightly with her thumb and forefinger and pulled, twisted and pinched 

harshly at the tender flesh.



Helga squealed with the pleasure/pain at her nipple and could feel her cunt 

becoming moist. Lea motioned for Florence to grasp both of Helga's nipples and 

continue the torment. Florence grabbed the soft rosy nipples and continued 

pulling and twisting them harshly. Lea brought forth two five-foot chains with a 

grim clamp on each end. She placed the chains through a steel ring hanging down 

from a ceiling chain and fastened a clamp on each of Helga's nipples, tightening 

them securely. Helga winced as the clamps bit into her nipples.



Next, Lea attached the other clamps, tightly, to Michael's nipples. She pulled 

the ceiling chain up until it was taut, pulling both Helga's and Michael's 

nipples brutally upward. Both Helpers groaned loudly from the pain at their 

nipples. Mistress Lea selected a two-inch wide leather strap and gave it to 

Florence. "You may award her five very hard strokes. One to each asscheek, one 

to each tit and a final blow upward into her cunt! Begin now!" Lea commanded.



Florence struck at Helga's asscheeks and she winced as her soft white skin 

turned a bright pink. Helga bucked and jerked as the blows landed, pulling the 

nipple chains savagely on both her and Michael's nipples. Both screamed into 

their ball gags from the pain. Next, Florence struck hard blows on Helga's tits 

and watched excitedly as the Helpers nipple clamps pulled and bit brutally on 

both their nipples. Tears ran freely from the Helpers eyes, as the pain became 

nearly unbearable. Florence took aim at Helga's soft, tender cunt and struck 

upward, brutalizing the girls' cuntlips and swollen clit.



The strap was passed on to the next Novice and Helga's 'correction' was resumed. 

Again and again the cruel strap pummeled the girls' asscheeks, tits, cunt and 

clit. Helga's tits and genitals were becoming a deep crimson shade from the 

beating they were receiving. Both Michael's, and Helga's, nipples were bruised, 

scratched and bleeding from the jerking nipple clamps, as the girl bucked with 

each stroke of the strap. Both of the Helpers were crying openly as they moaned 

and sobbed in pain from their 'Correction'.



The last of the Novices finished with Helga's 'Correction' and Mistress Lea 

returned them to their seats. The curtain was drawn closed again to the 

agonizing sounds of the tormented Helpers, and of people removing the 

'corrected' Helpers from their 'X' frames. Mistress Lea prevented any further 

discussion of the 'Corrections' and resumed instructing the Novices.



Time and the days progressed swiftly at Castleton. The Novices spent two months 

learning the ways of training, corrections, discipline, and punishment. The time 

was spent honing their skills to please the Masters and Mistresses. They learned 

all known sexual techniques by practicing them on each other, and with Slaves or 

Helpers brought in expressly for that purpose.



Evenings normally involved performing services in the Great Hall, for the 

various Masters and Mistresses that lived at Castleton, or had come to visit. 

Usually, there were eight to ten Masters and Mistresses available each night. 

Occasionally, a Novice would be summoned to the private chambers of a Member for 

solitary personal services, dwelling mainly on sex, bondage and discipline.



Mistress Lea told them, that each would eventually be selected to perform an 

individual service, called Ordeals, at an assembly of the Masters and 

Mistresses. The reward, following the Ordeal, would be the achievement of Slave 

status. Each of the Novices wondered, with some fear, when it would be their 

turn. They did not have long to wait!



Mistress Lea called the class to order. "Ladies," she began, "I have wonderful 

news. Our Grand Master has declared that the individual training Ordeals will 

commence this very night! One of you has been selected to serve the Order this 

evening, in the Great Hall before the Members, Slaves, Helpers and the other 

Novices."



"The individual Novice, chosen by the Grand Master, will prepare for her Ordeal. 

Following the Ordeal, the Grand Master will award her to a Master or Mistress as 

their Slave." Mistress Lea gazed over the Novices until her eyes rested on Ruth. 

She smiled at her, "Ruth, you will be the first."



"Why was I selected first, Mistress Lea?"



"I don't know," Lea replied. "It was the Grand Master's decision. We do not ask 

the why of his decisions. We merely obey. Come let us prepare."



Ruth followed Mistress Lea who led her to a bedroom on the third floor of the 

Great House. Once there, Mistress Lea selected a blue satin robe from the 

wardrobe and placed it near the bed.



"You will wear this tonight, Ruth," Lea told her. "Lie down and rest. When it's 

time, a Helper will come to you, shave your cunt smooth, help you bathe and 

perfume you. Later, at the appointed time, four Slaves will come for you and 

escort you to the Great Hall."



Mistress Lea kissed Ruth's cheek and smiled. "Congratulations. I'm sure you will 

serve the Order well."



Lea cupped Ruth's chin momentarily, smiled and left, closing the door behind 

her. Ruth heard the key turn in the lock as she lay down to rest, and to 

mentally prepare for her ordeal as best as she could. She tried, but could not 

sleep. Her mind was racing as she wondered how she would fare as the first 

Novice selected. Would she be able to withstand the pain? Would there be a 

sexual segment to the ceremony? Would she cry, scream or moan?



These thoughts, and others, kept her from getting the rest she knew that she 

needed. There was no clock to tell the time. There was only the waiting, which 

seemed to be endless. After a while, Ruth anxiously hoped that the Helper would 

arrive to commence her service. After what seemed to be eons, Ruth heard a key 

in the lock. A Helper entered carrying a pitcher and a large bowl.



Without speaking he began drawing the bath water, then filled a bowl with hot 

water and placed it on the nightstand next to the bed. A large towel was placed 

on the bed and the Helper motioned Ruth to slide onto the towel. Ruth lifted the 

bed covers and slid onto the towel. She was naked, but the Helper appeared not 

to notice. He removed his white robe and stood naked next to the bed, obviously 

aroused by Ruth's nakedness and the beauty of her body. He placed a hand towel 

into the hot water, withdrew it, then placed it on Ruth's crotch to soften the 

slight growth of hair surrounding her cunt.



Next he placed a shaving mug, brush and razor next to Ruth. His cock grew large 

and hard as he began to shave Ruth's cunt hair. Silently, he completed this task 

and helped Ruth into the bathtub. He perfumed the bath water and helped her to 

wash her hair, lather her body and rinse clean. The Helper assisted Ruth from 

the tub to dry her hair and body. He perfumed her underarms, cunt, tits and 

between the cheeks of her ass. Finally, he placed the blue satin robe over 

Ruth's shoulders, put on his robe, bowed and left the room closing the door 

behind him.



Soon, the door opened again revealing four hooded figures waiting to escort Ruth 

to the ceremony in the Great Hall. They were dressed in the white robes trimmed 

with red satin. Ruth knew these were the markings of a Slaves' robe. A Slave 

motioned for her to join them and Ruth obeyed instantly. It was night, as the 

escorts marched her silently down the stairs to the closed door of the Great 

Hall. A Slave knocked once on the door and it opened. A Mistress, in the red 

satin robe of a Member, bade them enter. Ruth could hear the Mistress's silver 

cunt lip bell softly ringing under her robe.



Ruth was quickly taken into the Great Hall, which was illuminated by a spotlight 

over the stage. On the stage, she could see a bed, chair, stool and the spot 

where the post would rise from the center of the stage. Chains were hanging from 

the ceiling with manacles suspended from them. Ruth shuddered as she climbed the 

steps onto the stage and was turned to face the assembled Members. The Grand 

Master sat regally on the Phallic Throne, dressed as before, in a black leather 

hood, G-string, and a black and red satin robe draped over his otherwise naked 

body. He rose to speak.



"Ruth, you have been selected this night to suffer your conversion from Novice 

to Slave. You may, at your discretion, cry out, scream or beg, but be aware that 

the ceremony will not stop until it is completed!" he stated in a booming voice. 

"Upon suffering your conversion, you will become the property of Mistress 

Endora, who will perform the Rite of Conversion.



There are three mandatory portions to the ritual. First, to suffer and enjoy the 

whip; Second, to be securely bound; and Three, to suffer or enjoy sexual 

torments to be visited upon your body. Of course Mistress Endora may employ 

additional instruments and activities for her pleasure and ours, at her 

discretion. Time is not involved, nor measured. Your Mistress decides all." The 

Grand Master returned to his Phallic Throne and gestured for the ceremony to 

begin.



When the Helpers removed the blue satin robe, the Members gasped at the beauty 

of Ruth's body. Her tits were firm and thrust out. The nipples were taut, 

extended and erect. They seemed to grow even harder as Endora gently rubbed her 

fingers over the rose colored little peaks, pulling playfully at the rings 

embedded through her nipples. Ruth shuddered momentarily and thrust her chest 

outward even more, to receive the delightful caresses.



Endora's hands explored Ruth's body, lightly passed over her clean-shaven cunt, 

scarcely touching her upright clitoris. The fingers paused momentarily on the 

tip of her clit as Ruth felt her passion and lust begin to build. Endora quickly 

noticed that Ruth's clit was fully engorged and projected outward so that its 

tip could be seen protruding above her outer cuntlips. She smiled as Ruth 

buckled slightly when her finger passed over her throbbing clit. Ruth was fully 

aroused and breathing heavily as Mistress Endora motioned to the Helpers to bind 

Ruth in the manacles.



Ruth's arms were raised over her head and her wrists placed in the manacles. The 

devices were cushioned on the inside to prevent the metal from cutting into her 

flesh. Her feet were spread wide apart, manacles placed on her ankles and 

fastened to rings on the stage. The chains were pulled taut until Ruth could 

barely touch the stage floor with her feet. Her arms were spread wide apart and 

she stood spread-eagled before the assembled Members.



Mistress Endora wrapped a wide leather strap, studded with steel rings, about 

Ruth's waist. Next she hung tiny-weighted silver bells on the rings in Ruth's 

nipples. The weights suspended from the tiny bell clappers had additional small 

hook eyes at their ends, and Ruth quivered at the thought of more weights being 

attached to them to increase her pain, but also her joy.



Endora nodded to the Helpers and they rushed to remove her red satin robe 

revealing a magnificently shaped body, with shapely upright tits and protruding 

nipples. She wore tiny silver bells on both her nipple rings and in the ring 

through her cuntlips. The little bells peeled crisply as she moved like a 

predator around her bound and helpless victim.



Endora was beautiful. No other word could describe her. She had flaming red 

hair, full bright red lips and green eyes, heavily made up to enhance her role 

in the ceremony. Her hair hung down over her shoulders and was long enough to 

cover her breasts when it fell to her front. Endora made sure her magnificent 

orbs were rarely covered as she enjoyed others looking at her near perfect tits. 

Adding to the aura of Mistress and Slave, were the shining high-heeled black 

leather boots Endora wore, that covered most of her thighs. The five-inch spike 

heels propelled her tall body upwards, allowing her to tower over Ruth and the 

Helpers. Her visage truly dominated the stage!



The Mistress knelt in front of Ruth and ran her tongue about Ruth's outer 

cuntlips purposely avoiding the outstretched clitoris. Ruth swayed, as much as 

the chains would permit, in rhythm with Endora's tongue as it passed over and 

around her cuntlips. She shuddered when Endora thrust her tongue between her 

cuntlips and into her waiting cunt. The sensation was unbearable. Endora seemed 

to lather Ruth's cunt with her saliva, which mixed with Ruth's flowing juices. 

Ruth felt her senses building towards release, as Endora's tongue dragged across 

the protruding clit once, then Endora pulled away from her victim. Ruth gasped 

in her restraints as her satisfaction was denied.



Endora's expert tongue found Ruth's upright nipples and Ruth could hear the 

little bells ringing as the tongue flicked over and about each nipple in turn. 

Occasionally Endora would slightly rub Ruth's clit as she suckled the nipples, 

bit the rings and pulled at them with her teeth. Ruth's passion was building 

again at the unceasing suckling, mingled with the occasional rubbing of her 

clit.



Again, just as she neared release, Endora bit hard on her nipple and cruelly 

squeezed and twisted her clit to drive away any thoughts of orgasm. Ruth cried 

out at the pain in her nipple and clit. Endora continued pulling at the helpless 

nipples with her teeth, assuring that the pain would increase with each movement 

of her head. All thoughts of orgasm quickly vanished as Endora picked up the 

tempo of chewing on Ruth's nipples.



Ruth felt the pain from the twisting of her clit and savage biting of her 

nipples, but slowly a sensation of pleasure also began to envelop her. She 

relished the sweet sexual torture being visited upon her. With eyes shut tight, 

she felt the orgasm welling up in her loins. Outwardly she groaned at the pain 

in her breasts and cunt. Inwardly, she anxiously awaited the bites and twists 

with sweet anticipation of the orgasm rising within her.



Suddenly Ruth stiffened as her body began to spasm uncontrollably in the throes 

of a massive orgasm. She fell limp as it subsided and hung from her restraints, 

letting her belly thrust forward. Beads of perspiration covered her body and she 

felt her hair becoming wet from the sweat. Mistress Endora noted Ruth's orgasm 

and stopped tormenting her. She snapped her fingers and a Helper immediately 

brought her a leather riding crop.



Slowly, she walked in front of her victim so that Ruth could see the implement 

and thus increase her fear. The gesture was successful. Ruth trembled visibly 

when she saw the whip and heard Endora swish it through the air. She positioned 

herself behind Ruth and raised the whip high with her arm fully outstretched. 

She paused for effect and was rewarded with a whimper from Ruth, as she 

anticipated the blows. "Soon you won't be so anxious to please yourself by 

cumming, dear Ruth. Ten strokes to each asscheek to start, and then ten more to 

them both."



The first stroke landed squarely on Ruth's right ass cheek and the pain swiftly 

sank in to the bone. She slumped forward and screamed from the fierceness of the 

blow. Another followed and her flesh rose up in red welts, as if to push the 

whip away from her ass. Again and again the whip descended on her right ass 

cheek until it fairly glowed from redness. Ruth was constantly screaming now and 

could only hang there accepting the cruel strokes that were causing her ass to 

burn as the blows continued. Endora paused when the tenth stroke landed on the 

burning ass cheek.



Slowly, she walked in front of Ruth to position herself on her left side. The 

Mistress waited impatiently for Ruth's screams and sobs to stop. She continued 

to swish the whip through the air while she waited. Ruth realized that Endora 

was waiting for her to cease screaming and she forced herself to stop. She could 

not, however, stop sobbing even though she realized that she was only irritating 

Endora more and would surely pay dearly for the infraction. Ruth gathered 

herself and transformed the sobbing to a soft whimper. She braced herself 

awaiting the resumption of the whip.



When it did not come she lowered her guard and let herself relax. At the precise 

moment of her total relaxation the whip savagely bit into her left ass cheek 

with a vengeance. Her scream resonated in the Great Hall, to be joined by 

another equally savage stroke of the whip. Soon her throat was hoarse from her 

screams and she sobbed uncontrollably as Mistress Endora continued the strokes 

brutally on her left ass cheek. Ruth hung limply from the chains, only able to 

moan as the final strokes were tallied.



Endora stepped back to admire her work. She rubbed her fingers roughly over 

Ruth's welts and burning asscheeks increasing her torment, causing her to twitch 

as she hung, belly forward, in front of the Members. Deep red purple welts arose 

on Ruth's asscheeks, attesting to the ferocity of Endora's caresses with the 

whip.



Endora let Ruth hang on her chains while she busied herself selecting a thicker 

longer whip from the instruments proffered by the Helpers. Ruth shuddered as she 

saw Endora smile pleasingly at her selection of a terrible instrument of 

discipline. The whip emitted a low hollow whirling sound as Endora tested it on 

the wind. "Yes, this will do nicely, won't it my pitiful little slut of a 

Slave?" Endora asked Ruth.



When Ruth did not reply, Endora violently grabbed Ruth's hair and pulled it hard 

asking, "Cat got your tongue, bitch?" Ruth stammered to find the words Endora 

was waiting to hear, but could not bring herself to say them. "I'm waiting!" 

Declared Endora as she cruelly twisted Ruth's nipple between her thumb and 

forefinger. Ruth gathered herself and softly spoke out, barely audibly.



"Please, whip me with this whip now, Mistress."



"What did you say slut?" Endora demanded. "No one can hear you. Beg, you slut 

whore!"



"Please," Ruth said in a voice loud enough to be heard by all in the Hall. 

"Please, Mistress, whip me. Whip me with this whip. I so need it, I want it, 

please whip me, Mistress".



"As you wish, my lovely little slut. I have no desire to withhold your delicious 

pleasure whipping from you. It would please me to whip you until you satisfy 

both you and me," Endora replied. "Do you like this whip?" She asked with a 

smile.



"Yes Mistress, I adore this whip," Ruth responded. Her words barely left her 

mouth when the savage sting of the whip came crashing down on both of her 

asscheeks. Her screams were cut short by the hoarseness in her throat, but the 

pain seared the cheeks of her ass. Ruth tried to count the strokes to gauge the 

end of the torment, but the whip stung so savagely that she quickly lost count. 

The tenth and final stroke was delivered ferociously as evidenced by the slight 

tearing of Ruth's skin across her buttocks. She nearly fainted from the force of 

the blow and the pain it created. Ruth hung in her restraints as Mistress Endora 

refreshed herself with a cool glass of white Zinfandel.



Ruth's ass was on fire from the whipping, but strangely her cunt too was hot, 

sopping wet, throbbing and her juices flowing freely down her thighs. Her 

clitoris was fully distended, peeking through her cuntlips and poised to cum 

with even slight encouragement. Endora sensed Ruth's plight and decided to 

torment her further by kneeling before her and sticking her tongue out towards 

the throbbing clit.



She moved her tongue within a half-inch of the engorged pleasure nub and blew on 

it, but did not lick it. Ruth strained at her manacles trying to push herself 

out to engulf the outstretched tongue with her cunt and clit, but to no avail. 

Endora eluded the thrashing body and continued to torment her. "Please, 

Mistress," Ruth sobbed. "Let me cum----please---- let me come," she pleaded.



"Not yet, my perverted cum-slut. We've just begun your enjoyment of our ways, 

but do stay ready, because I may weaken and let you cum, my darling," Endora 

taunted with a grin.



"Oh God---- please, Mistress. I'll do anything you want!" Ruth begged her.



"You silly bitch!" countered Endora, "You'll do anything I want, anyway!" This 

elicited a soft laugh from the Members as Endora selected a heavy rubber band 

from the tray held by a Helper. "This may help, my pretty," Endora taunted as 

she showed the implement to her restrained victim. Ruth shuddered when she saw 

the rubber band, remembering how Mistress Lea had used it on the Slave Jon some 

time ago. Endora smiled wickedly, sensing that Ruth knew what was in the offing 

for her. Ruth looked about trying to find someone who might help her, but to no 

avail. Her fate was sealed and she steeled herself to endure the pain that was 

sure to come her way.



Endora knelt down again and placed her thumb and the rubber band against Ruth's 

clit. By now the urge to cum had ebbed away, but her clit was still very firm 

and extended out over her cuntlips. Endora drew the band back as far as she 

could and let it fly. It struck Ruth's clit like a bullet, causing searing pain 

to pour throughout her body. Before she could recover Endora delivered another 

blow and yet another. Ruth's clit hurriedly diminished as the strokes of the 

rubber band fell one upon the other. The pain was intense, causing Ruth to 

buckle at the knees and hang from her chains receiving her lot with hoarse 

groaning, as she could no longer scream.



As Ruth believed that she could not stand another second of this special 

torture, she felt her clitoris responding to the cruel caresses of the rubber 

band. Through the pain, her clitoris stiffened again and rose to meet the blows. 

The pain now mingled with joy as the stinging rubber band stimulated Ruth's clit 

and cunt. She was hurtling towards orgasm from the torment being visited on her 

clit. With the special joy of total release, Ruth exploded in a gut wrenching 

orgasm that seemed to continue through the blows raining on her clit. Her body 

wracked with orgasm. She came again and again and hoped she would continue to 

cum without end.



Ruth could feel the sweat rolling off of her drenched body, as Endora ceased 

tormenting her and let her hang from her chains. Her ass hurt and was marked 

with red- purple welts slowly turning to black and blue bruises. Her clit was 

sore and she knew it was bruised even though she could not see it. She hung 

slumped over trying to clear her mind and wondering what would be next. She did 

not have long to wait.



Although she had not passed out from the torment and the overpowering orgasm, 

she had somehow drowned out the sounds in the Great Hall, hearing only her 

screams and the cruel remarks of her Mistress. Slowly, background sounds began 

to grow louder and she could hear applause and sounds of "Brava, Brava," as the 

Members rewarded Mistress Endora for her creative use of unique implements, to 

extract the tribute paid by the Slave entrusted to her. Ruth wondered how much 

more she would, or could endure.



Endora motioned and the Helpers moved quickly to attach a chain to the leather 

band about Ruth's waist. They released the chains that held her arms up and 

reattached them to steel rings on the stage floor. Ruth now hung from the waist. 

Her arms and legs remained spread, as before. Now she was bent over, suspended 

from the waist with her tits hanging down pointed at the floor. Her asscheeks 

were still spread wide revealing, and making accessible, both her asshole and 

her cunt. Again, she was totally helpless. Her Mistress rubbed her breasts and 

nipples then added more weights on the nipple rings, stretching her tits and 

nipples toward the floor. Ruth's nipples hurt and it felt as though the rings 

would tear through the tender flesh of her nipples. Endora jiggled Ruth's tits 

to make the weights bounce, thus increasing the pain.



"Better safe than sorry!" Endora declared, mimicking concern as she added even 

more weights to Ruth's extended tits. Ruth moaned as the pain cut through her 

tits.



"You'll recall this," Endora cooed as the rubber band stung hard against Ruth's 

asshole. Ruth screamed as the blows came rapidly once again, finding their 

target unerringly as they devastated her aching asshole. She felt as though her 

sphincter would not hold and she would soil the stage, but that was not the 

case. She lost count of the strokes as Endora savaged her sphincter with the 

stinging rubber band. Again and again her asshole would tighten and release as 

though it were puckering to ward off the rubber band, but without success.



Ruth's sweat slowly flowed into her eyes causing another sort of burning 

sensation. She tried to toss off the salty fluid by throwing her head, but that 

too, did not work. Finally, she gave up and endured the burning eyes along with 

the stinging rubber band, the soreness of her nipples and her aching asscheeks. 

Endora continued to torment her asshole without letup. Ruth hung limply from her 

waist strap, moaning and jerking violently with each stroke of the rubber band.



Mistress Endora stopped and spread Ruth's asscheeks so that all could see the 

deep red torments visited on the pouting asshole. It burned as fire, especially 

when Endora pushed two fingers in the tight little opening, causing Ruth to 

groan heavily. Ruth heard her Mistress sorting through other implements on the 

tray held by the Helper. Next, she felt a thickness against her sphincter. 

Pressure began to build as Endora pushed a huge leather dildo against Ruth's 

asshole.



Ruth felt as though she was being ripped apart as the pressure mounted and her 

sphincter resisted. She began to cry from the pain and the pressure, when slowly 

the puckered little asshole began to relent and the dildo began to push it open. 

The phallus shaped dildo entered the yielding asshole until the false cockhead 

penetrated to its rim. With a great effort, Endora thrust the dildo deep into 

Ruth's asshole and seated it, in concert with Ruth's pain and screams.



Two chains hung from the rear of the dildo that now were attached to Ruth's 

waistband, in front and behind, to hold it firmly in place. Ruth felt completely 

stuffed to the point of bursting. The initial pain from the great phallus, 

combined with her extremely sore asshole, caused Ruth to sob bitterly. As the 

agony from the dildo subsided, Ruth became conscious again of the pain in her 

nipples from the hanging weights.



Endora motioned the Helpers and they instantly moved to change Ruth's position. 

They placed a collar on Ruth's neck, which was then chained to the stage floor 

so that she remained bent over. Next they released her wrists from the floor and 

pulled her arms back and up and reattached the chains so that her arms were 

suspended over her back uncovering her helpless tits to sway freely without 

obstruction. Ruth gasped as she realized that her tits were about to be violated 

by this sadistic Mistress who gave her no quarter, no single kindness and no 

sympathy for her plight.



Her Mistress selected a long thin braided leather whip, which she drew over and 

across Ruth's tits and nipples. The silver bells tingled as if to provide 

musical accompaniment to the torment of the weights pulling at her nipples. 

Endora kept up the cruel caresses for a few moments, then pulled her arm back to 

deliver a stinging blow across both of Ruth's exposed tits. Ruth screamed in 

pain, but her protests only brought more blows and searing pain to her breasts. 

The blows and her writhing, jerking motions increased the intensity of the pain 

from the hanging weights on her nipples.



Endora struck Ruth's tits from above, below and on her nipples, raising red 

welts all over those beautifully shaped 'Apples of Aphrodite'. Ruth nearly 

fainted from the pain and hung her head down to try to endure. As she dropped 

her head, Endora's whip crashed across Ruth's mouth and cheek, raising a deep 

red welt across her face. A Helper grasped Ruth by the hair and roughly pulled 

her head up to hold it out of the way of the whip that Endora continued to 

wield. The Mistress kept whipping the helpless tits until they were covered with 

bruises and welts.



Ruth hung suspended from her waistband and from her hair held by the Helper. She 

was totally wet with perspiration and nearly immune to the pain. Ruth's cunt 

however, was aroused with her juices flowing copiously. She craved satisfaction, 

even though she was nearly ready to faint from her ordeal. Endora sat upon a low 

upholstered stool placed in front of Ruth's head by a Helper. She spread her 

legs wide, revealing a very wet cunt, eager for satisfaction. Endora dragged the 

stool closer to her suspended Slave, so that her thighs were on either side of 

Ruth's head.



"Service me, Slave!" commanded Endora. Ruth's head was pulled back by her hair 

and she could smell the musk of Endora's cunt. The Helper thrust her forward as 

Endora brought the whip down on Ruth's back savagely causing a slight trace of 

blood where the skin was slightly parted. "Service me!" Endora ordered again as 

she raised the whip. Ruth quickly lunged forward and buried her face against the 

warm wet cunt that demanded her service. She thrust her tongue into the Endora's 

pussy and eagerly sucked the juices flowing from Endora's sex.



A barely audible moan came forth from Endora, as the Slave's tongue worked its 

magic on her cunt. Her moan became quick gasps as Ruth's tongue found her 

Mistress's clitoris and bathed it in her saliva. Ruth kept flicking her tongue 

over the engorged clit as her Mistress was writhing with pleasure. Endora 

quivered as Ruth's mouth engulfed her cunt and began sucking hard on her 

throbbing clit. Her endurance was totally depleted and Endora screamed as she 

exploded in orgasm.



She grasped Ruth's hair and pulled her Slave's face into her cunt, savoring each 

moment of her release. Endora ground her hips into Ruth's face and cried out, 

"Again! Jesus, do it again!"



Ruth complied and redoubled her effort at sucking her Mistress's cunt to another 

massive orgasm and Endora still demanded more. Ruth complied and could see a 

Helper discard her robe to reveal a young and vibrant body obviously sexually 

aroused, as evidenced by her pert nipples stiffly sticking out.



The Helper joined with a naked male Helper whose huge cock beckoned her. Ruth 

continued servicing Endora's cunt as she watched the girl Helper jump up onto 

the male, wrap her legs about his waist and lower herself onto his marvelous 

cock. The cock was buried in her cunt in a single thrust. Holding her asscheeks 

the male lowered her to the stage floor and began fucking her. The girl returned 

the male Helpers fuck thrusts with equal vigor.



Ruth sensed someone behind her and could feel a thickness brushing against the 

lips of her pulsating cunt. She instinctively knew that it was the other male 

Helpers cock. Her cunt juices flowed even heavier as she squirmed to capture the 

instrument of pleasure. Her squirming was rewarded when she felt a hard thick 

cockhead spread her cuntlips wide and slowly enter her wet cunt. The cock was 

enormous. Thick, and long. It entered her in a slow and deliberate motion until 

she could feel the bulbous head pushing at her cervix, deep in her cunt. Without 

stopping the cock parted the cervix and entered her womb.



Ruth groaned as the cock stopped its forward penetration. She felt the Helpers 

balls slap her cuntlips. Ruth's cunt felt as though it would burst from the 

fullness as the huge cock competed for Ruth's sexual satisfaction, with the 

dildo entombed in her ass. The Helper began a rhythmic thrusting of his huge 

piston in and out of her pulsating cunt. With each thrust Ruth could feel her 

asshole tighten about the dildo and her cunt muscles grasping at the cock 

fucking her.



Her senses were reeling as she sucked Endora's cunt to multiple orgasms. She 

watched the Helpers fucking on the floor and enjoyed being gloriously fucked by 

a huge cock. She was consumed with sex as she felt herself rising toward orgasm. 

Ruth shuddered as she came hard. The muscles of her cunt clenched the huge cock 

as the waves of orgasm swept over her. Her sphincter closed about the huge dildo 

in her ass with each spasm of her cunt. The immense cock continued relentlessly 

fucking Ruth's cunt as she came again and again. The Helper fucking her withheld 

his orgasm to assure that Ruth would cum in multiples as he wonderfully ravaged 

her cunt.



Endora's orgasm subsided. Drained from her multiple orgasms, she stood up and 

pulled herself away from Ruth's tongue to stand before her Slave. Ruth was lost 

in her own orgasms, one upon the other, from the penetrating cock fucking her. 

She gave in to several wrenching orgasms, as she watched the Helpers fucking on 

the stage floor. The female Helper too, was coming over and over, with a look of 

raging lust on her face. Suddenly her partner cried out as he came in torrents 

into the girl's cunt. Ruth could see him convulse again and again until he 

gasped, emptied his balls and fell upon the girl.



Slowly, the completely drained Helper rolled off the girl, who lay panting. He 

stumbled over to Ruth and placed his cum covered cock at her lips. "Clean it!" 

Commanded Endora. She opened her mouth and the Helper shoved the semen-covered 

cock to the back of her throat. Ruth licked, sucked and milked the semen from 

the spent cock, swallowing his offering. He withdrew and Ruth saw the girl 

sitting in front of her, on the stool that had held Endora. The girl Helper had 

clenched her cuntlips closed with her fingers.



"Clean the cum from her cunt, you slut!" ordered Endora.



Ruth could see cum oozing from the well-fucked cunt before her and opened her 

mouth to do her Mistress's bidding. The girl Helper squeezed her cunt, as Ruth 

brought her tongue onto it and licked up the escaping cum. Globules of thick, 

hot cum kept appearing at the entrance to the girl's cunt each time she squeezed 

her pussy. Ruth greedily licked up the semen, sucking it into her mouth and 

swallowing the pearly creamy nectar of life. The girl Helper gave a start, as an 

after-cum erupted from the sweepings of Ruth's tongue. As the orgasm subsided, 

she rose swiftly and melded into the darkness at the rear of the stage.



The Helper stopped fucking her ass when Ruth ceased coming and just hung from 

her chains. He withdrew his massive tool from her cunt and slipped a condom onto 

it. Next, he removed the chain retaining the dildo in Ruth's ass and pulled the 

dildo out dropping it to the floor. He moved close behind Ruth and inserted the 

tip of his cock in her asshole. Ruth jerked to avoid his massive cock, but the 

chains held her fast. Resigned to her fate, she relaxed and awaited the entry of 

the monstrous prick.



Just as he had done with her cunt, he entered her asshole slowly, but steadily. 

Ruth could feel the massive cock, burrowing deep into her asshole, and she 

wondered if she could take in this magnificent phallus. The applause of the 

Members coupled with the slapping of the Helper's balls on her cunt told her 

that she had indeed received every bit of the young stud's shaft.



The sensation was pleasant, some discomfort, but not as much pain as she had 

expected. The dual penetration of her ass by the dildo and her cunt with this 

huge cock, had stretched her enough to preclude any severe pain now. This 

humiliation was provided for the pleasure of her Mistress and the Members. It 

was to remind her that she was only an object to be whipped, fucked, humiliated 

and degraded as willed by the Order. Ruth pondered her plight, while the 

Helper's massive instrument of pleasure began to pump in and out of her asshole. 

He would withdraw it slowly, and savagely plunge it to its full depth on the 

entry stroke.



Ruth wished that she could reach her cunt to stroke her clitoris to better enjoy 

the fucking her ass was receiving. Mistress Endora sensed Ruth's desire and 

motioned the girl Helper to come forth. The girl dropped to her knees under Ruth 

and placed her mouth over her cunt and clitoris and began to suck them. Ruth 

nearly swooned from the pleasure she was receiving from the girls tongue and the 

huge prick fucking her ass.



Ruth came again and again. She hung from the chains and cycled through her 

multiple orgasms. She was unable to tell if the tongue or the cock caused her 

orgasms. Happily and wearily she accepted both sources and whimpered with joy 

and pleasure. Suddenly, concurrent with a mind numbing cum, she felt the cock in 

her ass stiffen momentarily. The cock exploded, as the Helper fucking her ass, 

came in a gut wrenching orgasm deep in her ass. The spasms of his cock seemed to 

lift Ruth in her chains with only the collar holding her in place.



He seemed to cum for several minutes, although she knew it was only seconds. He 

spewed cum deep in her ass into his condom-covered cock. She could feel the 

condom filling with his semen, until it was bigger than the bulbous head on his 

cock. Ruth thought the condom would split open depositing the Helper's seed deep 

within her. The cock softened and the Helper slowly withdrew it from her tight 

sore little asshole.



Mistress Endora carefully pulled the condom from the cock it surrounded. She 

held it up as if measuring the huge quantity of semen it held. "Have her clean 

that magnificent cock," Endora told the Helper.



The Helper moved in front of Ruth and pushed his cock to her lips. Ruth licked 

the now flaccid organ. She licked the residual semen covering the spent cock, 

swallowing the meager offering. Endora nodded and the Helpers released Ruth from 

all of her restraints. She fell to the stage floor exhausted, aching and 

thirsty, wishing for something cool to drink.



Endora knelt down at Ruth's head and commanded her to open her mouth. Ruth 

understood and opened her mouth to receive the semen from the condom. The nectar 

cascaded from the condom into her mouth in a thick continuous sticky stream. 

Ruth swallowed again and again to be sure she did not allow any semen to escape 

her mouth. Endora pushed the condom inside out into Ruth's waiting mouth, and 

she licked the inside of the condom clean, assuring that none of the nectar 

eluded her tongue.



Endora stood to the standing ovation of the assembled Members as they shouted 

"BravaBrava", when she held up the empty condom for all to see. When the 

applause died out Endora motioned for the Helpers to grasp Ruth and stand her at 

the post. They manacled her wrists above her head and her ankles were spread 

wide and restrained to rings on the stage floor. Mistress Endora knelt in front 

of her Slave and roughly examined Ruth's cuntlips.



She held up a long sharp piercing tool for all to see, especially her Slave. 

Ruth realized that Endora was going to pierce her cuntlips and she squirmed 

without success in an effort to avoid the needle. Endora knelt down again and 

pressed the needle's point against Ruth's cuntlips, pricking them at several 

places as though she was unsure where to pierce her nether lips. Of course it 

was a sham and she was only exacting additional pain from her helpless Slave.



Tiring of the game, Endora grabbed Ruth's cuntlips just below her clit and 

savagely thrust the needle through both lips at once. Ruth screamed in pain, as 

Endora swirled the needle around the inside of the cuntlips to make sure the 

hole was well placed and the lips fully pierced. She slipped a golden ring 

through each cunt lip and hung a single tiny silver bell through both rings. She 

dabbed the aching cuntlips with a disinfectant and stood up in a theatrical pose 

with her arms spread wide and a grin on her face.



Ruth hung from her manacles as the Helpers removed the weights from each nipple 

ring, and helped her stand and her hands and ankles released. They placed a 

white robe, trimmed in red satin, about her shoulders, signifying that she was 

elevated to Slave status. They led her from the stage as Ruth heard Mistress 

Endora instruct the Helpers to, "Take her to my chambers."







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  James Lacy


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





