BDSM Library - Honey




Honey
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:   A 20 year old story thought lost forever.






Nic Romanschak's Stories



Honey by Nic Romanschak 







Honey



My life had become somewhat tiresome, always the same people, the same sex, the 

same feeling of emptiness. I suppose I was like every other man, searching for 

that one perfect woman who would do anything I asked, but I had resigned myself 

to the fact that there was no such woman. I wanted rough sex, humiliating sex, 

violating sex, the kind of sex where a woman screams "no" at the top of her 

lungs. But to no avail, it just wasn't happening. Yes, I had resigned myself to 

a life of Missionary positions and hand jobs, that is until I met Honey.



Honey was like no other woman I had ever met before. She was wild, uninhibited, 

a free spirit who enjoyed life and took pleasure from making others happy. I 

spent just one night with Honey, talking and laughing, and I knew she was the 

one for me. I fell in love, in lust, and in desire and I knew I had to have her 

and make her mine. I wanted Honey for myself, to be my slave, to serve only me, 

and to please me in every way possible. I wanted to see just how far her 

uninhibited nature would take her.



I decided to waste no time with Honey and on our first meeting, after becoming 

my slave, I put her to good use. In one convergence I planned to make up for all 

those lost years of sexual frustrations. She entered my home dressed in the 

outfit I had arranged for her to wear; a short leather skirt, thigh high sheer 

black stockings, black pumps, one of my neatly pressed white cotton dress 

shirts, and a thick black collar, which was locked in place by a heavy silver 

lock. Her head was bowed and her eyes lowered to the floor as she walked through 

the threshold of my bedroom. She was a beautiful site with smooth flawless skin, 

shoulder length thick dark hair, haunting blue/gray eyes, small childlike 

features, and firm round breasts. I licked my lips as my eyes fell onto her tits 

and I began to salivate thinking of all the things I could do to them.



I knew I had to control my insatiable lust for her because I didn't want to 

spend her too quickly. I wanted this night to last forever and to have many 

more, if that were possible. I could sense that she was nervous with 

anticipation because her arms and legs shook slightly as she stood in the 

doorway and her teeth could be heard chattering, ever so slightly. She had good 

reason to be apprehensive because I planned to use her that night and use her 

hard. 



I continued to stare at her heaving chest, those luscious 36DD's moving up and 

down instantly hardening her nipples made me want to take them into my hands and 

pinch them hard. I could feel my cock begin to swell within the confines of my 

jeans and I shifted my weight to accommodate my hardening member. I couldn't 

wait till Honey got a good look at my dick. It was slightly less than seven 

inches long but as thick as my forearm. Part of the thrill of shoving such a 

bulky piece of flesh between two quivering lips is whether or not it will fit 

past the teeth. Most women wouldn't allow my cock anywhere near their face and 

blowjobs were definitely out of the question but I knew tonight was going to be 

different. Honey was going to take my cock wherever I decided to stick it and 

she was going to like it.



"Keep your eyes on the floor and remove your clothing, all except for the heels 

and nylons," I whispered to her as I walked up behind her making sure to brush 

the bulge in my jeans against her silk covered thigh. I heard her suck in a 

short breath as my hands moved to caress her collared neck. I leaned down to 

whisper in her ear as the cotton shirt melted off her shoulders, "I'm asking you 

for the last time before I take you and make you fully mine. Do you give 

yourself over to me willingly and without hesitation or question."



"Yes Master," she answered in a hushed voice.



"And whatever I ask of you there will be no hesitation in complying with the 

request?"



"Yes Master, there will be no hesitation."



I smiled and let my hands move down her collared neck, over her soft shoulders, 

until they came to rest over her tits. My fingers closed around her ripe nipples 

and I began to roll them between the thumbs and index fingers. With each caress 

I applied more pressure to her nipples and before long she began to moan. Her 

soft moans soon turned to a loud whimper and she began to press her ass into my 

crotch, as if to try and get away from the vice like grip I had on her sensitive 

buds. There was nowhere for Honey to run and nowhere for Honey to hide. I had a 

hold of her now and she wasn't going anywhere soon. 



I kept a tight grip on her nipples and began to force her to move towards the 

cherry wood desk in the corner of my room. Honey learned quickly and began to 

move with me, instinctively knowing that the desk is where I wanted her to be. 

When we reached the desk I tugged on her nipples so that she was forced to bend 

at the waist. It was either that or have her nipples stretched in agonizing pain 

so Honey quickly followed my tugging fingers. When the back of my hands hit the 

desk I release my grip and slowly slid my hands out from under her tits. My desk 

wasn't too wide so I was able to position her just right, with her head hanging 

freely over the edge and her pelvis pressed against the opposite end. 



I moved behind her without making a sound and offered her no direction as to 

what I intended to do with her. I wanted to break Honey down, make her give into 

pain and pleasure right from the start, so that she wanted to belong to me and 

no other. I had to make it perfectly clear to her who was the Master and who was 

the slave. My hands moved over her body, gently touching her warm skin, 

caressing the small of her back, gliding down over her ass, and then moving 

away. I stepped back and opened the drawer beside her and took out a few pieces 

of long leather cord, a bottle of scented oil, and a pair of hinged nipple 

clamps. I worked quickly behind her, first spreading her long legs so that they 

were almost parallel with the legs of the desk, then securing her ankles to the 

base of each wooden leg. Next I tied a cord around each of her thighs and 

secured the ends into the brass handles of the desk drawers. I moved with ease 

as I slipped a cord around each of her wrists and pulled on them until they were 

bound together and resting on the small of her back. Finally I walked around to 

the front of the desk, tied a cord around the ring in the back of her collar, 

and secured the opposite end to the cord around her wrists.



She was a magnificent site with her high-heeled ankles bound and spread wide and 

her upper body forced to arch back to keep her from choking. I couldn't take it 

any longer and I stripped my jeans from my body and permitted my stiff cock to 

spring forward. I was naked in no time and ready to bring my slave full circle. 

As I stripped myself of my clothing Honey was able to get a good look at my 

cock. It delighted me to watch her expression as my dick leaped towards her 

face. Her eyes became wide with fear and her mouth fell open. 



"Do you see something you like?" I asked her with a smile playing over my lips.



Honey just stammered and continued to stare at my thick cock as little beads of 

precum began to ooze from the tiny slit. I had the bottle of oil in my hand and 

I began to pour some of the cool liquid over her back and ass, letting it run 

down into her gaping pussy. I stepped to one side and let my dick brush against 

her face as I ran my hands in the oil and massaged it over her ass and into the 

slit of her cunt. 



"I know this oil has an unusual smell to it but Ramsses seems to find it quite 

appealing. It drives him wild matter of fact," I spoke nonchalantly as I made 

sure to rub every inch of her pussy with the oil, taking great care to slide my 

fingers up inside of her so that the scent made a distinct trail to follow. 



"Ramsses," I bellowed as I moved my fingers back out of her hole and slid them 

up over her firm globes. Ramsses was my pride and joy, a 120 pound Mastiff with 

a cock thicker than mine. He trotted into the room, immediately, upon hearing my 

voice and followed the familiar scent until his nose was pressed against the 

lips of Honey's pussy. Feeling the cold muzzle of the dog must have snapped 

Honey out of the daze she was in because as soon as she realized what was behind 

her she began to struggle.



"No, no, no, I didn't agree to this," she stammered. "Let me go. I don't want 

this anymore, not this, not with a dog and not with that thing between your 

legs."



I just laughed because there was nothing she could do to stop me. She was at my 

mercy, there to please me, and, after all, anything did mean anything.



Honey began to scream about rape, about bestiality, and about how this was not 

the way it was suppose to be. Who did she think she was planning my agenda? The 

way it was suppose to be? Didn't this bitch know that it was going to be any way 

I planned it to be and she was going to have to like it whether she accepted it 

or not? There was no stopping now. She had me so turned on that I planned to 

dump at least two loads of cum down her throat before the knot in Ramsses' dick 

slipped out of her pussy.



"You scream in vein my dear. Your word has bound you to me and to the position 

you are now in. You can both accept and enjoy it or struggle and not enjoy it. 

The choice is yours."



Ramsses was an obedient dog and even with the smell of a bitch laid out before 

him he knew not to take her until I commanded so. With a grin upon my face I 

looked at the dog and nodded for him to take his bitch. Without hesitation 

Ramsses lurched up onto the desk and positioned his front paws on either side of 

Honey's shoulders. In one quick thrust his swollen doggie dick stabbed into her 

cunt and was buried to the hilt. The pain in her cunt caused Honey to scream, 

which made her open her mouth nice and wide for me. I didn't waste any time 

taking advantage of such an inviting hole. Before Ramsses could plunge his cock 

into her for a second time my thick member pressed passed her lips and filled 

her mouth. 



Her eyes bulged out of her head when she realized she was being impaled from 

both ends and by two hungry beasts no less. And, the beauty of the whole torrid 

scene was that it was being captured on my home video system, which was designed 

not to miss any action in my bedroom. I wanted this experience on film so I 

could relive the moment over and over. 



Ramsses began to fuck her hard and relentless, stabbing his swelling dick in and 

out of her wet pussy and all Honey could do was moan in vein around my cock. 

With each thrust forward Ramsses moved Honey's mouth further onto my dick and 

forced her to swallow all seven massive inches. I wanted to return the favor so 

I bucked forward and rammed my cock into her throat forcing her body to rock 

back and her pussy to take the dog dick all the way. Honey was a fuck toy with 

me in her mouth, plunging away and Ramsses in her pussy doing the same. I could 

tell his dick was swelling to full capacity because the moans from her throat 

were becoming desperate. Her pleading lips and sucking cheeks were all I could 

take as my own cock began to swell. I let out a loud cry as I shot a load of hot 

cum in the back of her throat and forced her to swallow it down.



"Mmmmmppfftttt," was all Honey could utter as I exploded into her mouth. Ramsses 

was about to dump his own load into her hot box and I knew it was only a matter 

of moments that his knot would grow to the size of a large fist, forcing her 

pussy to stretch beyond anything she'd experienced before. I didn't stop once I 

came because I had planned to cum in her mouth again and was determined to make 

her keep me hard. I knew it would be at least 20 minutes before Ramsses would 

release her so I decided to fuck her hot mouth nice and slow this time. 



Honey was in quite a predicament. She was stretched beyond her imagination with 

doggie dick, her mind was telling her no, but her body was betraying her. She 

came hard around the thick dick and shuddered uncontrollably upon the desk. It 

was what I wanted her to feel, the pain, the pleasure, and the satisfaction of 

knowing she was pleasing me. This was her first lesson.



Ramsses kept his dick locked inside her inflated pussy while I slowly began to 

rock my hips upon her face. It felt like heaven having her sweet mouth engulf my 

cock, sucking it hard and fast as saliva dripped from the corners of her mouth. 

I savored every moment as I plunged in and out and she moaned from one orgasm 

after another. Yes, this was the best blowjob I had ever had.



Just after I came a second time Ramsses released the hold he had on Honey and he 

slipped from within her battered cunt. I barked the command for retreat and he 

trotted out of the bedroom tired and satisfied. I could tell Honey was also 

tired because she could barley keep her head up after I slipped my dick out of 

her mouth. Quickly I untied the cord from around the ring in her collar and 

allowed her to rest her head upon the desk. I leaned down and kissed her sweat 

soaked brow and told her that she had served me well so far. 



Poor Honey, it seemed she had expected a game of our Master and slave 

relationship, with her doing simple tasks as I commanded her to do so and I 

using slight force and domination to fuck her sweet young body into one orgasm 

after another. However, this was no game to me, this was my life. And, Honey was 

there to fulfill my every desire. After all, that's what a good slave does.



It seemed Honey was in a fog, as her body lay limp over my desk because all she 

did was moan incoherently and shudder. I was nowhere near done with her so I 

decided to snap her out of this dream like state. She had no idea that my hands 

were under her and that my fingers where working to quickly fasten the hinged 

nipple clamps to her sensitive titties. Once I had each one in place I simply 

let them snap shut and she was instantly brought back to the reality of her 

situation. 



Her back arched off the desk and she let out a loud, piercing scream, as the 

clamps squeezed her nipples. Oh god that excited me and I leaned into her and 

kissed her full on the mouth. I wanted to capture her screams, drink them down, 

taste her fear, and experience the feeling of total helplessness that she was 

feeling. My tongue plunged down her throat and I could taste my own musky cum 

within her mouth as I kissed her savagely. Her struggles against me, against the 

pain in her tits, against the forced kissed, were enough to make me cum again. 

But, I had already decided that the next time I came it would be in her ass.



I broke the kiss when her moans began to subside and as soon as I did so she 

sucked in a large breath of air. Honey had her voice back now and she began to 

plead with me.



"Please let me go. Take these things off my tits and untie me. I want to go 

home, please let me go. You've misunderstood what I wanted and this has all been 

a mistake. Please Master let me go."



Even in her pain and confusion she had called me Master and that's when I knew 

Honey was mine. If she really wanted to be releases she would have used my name 

or called me something profane but she didn't. She called me Master and all I 

could do was smile back into her innocent childlike face and whisper, "I am not 

yet through with you this evening. There is so much more to experience that I 

feel you would be cheated if I sent you to bed now."



She started to cry as I walked around to the back of the desk. My hands were on 

her back and sliding down onto her ass as I stepped up between her spread legs. 

She knew what I intended to do as my fingers spread her ass cheeks and started 

spreading the thick white dog cum, that was dripping from her gaping cunt, over 

her asshole. Honey had given into her fate and knew she couldn't stop what was 

about to happen so she began to beg for me to be gentle.



"Please Master take my ass slowly. Your cock will split me in two if you stick 

it into me fast and hard. Take my ass gradually, pleeeeeeease."



Honey's begging was like sweet melodic music to my ears; her voice was like that 

of the voice of a Siren, calling me forward to crash upon the rocks. My dick was 

hard as I screwed my fingers in and out of her ass, making sure she was 

completely lubricated with dog cum. As my hand pumped her puckered hole the 

other began to move down her spread leg and undo the leather bindings. I wanted 

her free of all bondage, except that around her wrists, so she would be free to 

take my cock all the way up her ass. She continued her pleading as I released 

her from the binds and prepared her ass for my cock.



I broke my silence as I withdrew my fingers from her ass; "Slave you must learn 

that you are here for one purpose and that is to serve me. The quicker you learn 

this lesson the better off you will be."



I continued to speak calmly to her as I positioned the head of my cock against 

her winking asshole, "You are mine, which makes your ass mine, and I will take 

my ass anyway I wish to take it." And with that I rammed my body forward and 

speared my pole right up into her ass.



At first thrust the head of my dick broke her hole and disappeared up inside of 

her. It took a second, and more powerful thrust to bury the rest of my pulsing 

member deep within the confines of her ass. I grunted with triumph as my balls 

slapped brutally against her battered pussy. Honey's reaction was quite 

different, she screamed at the top of her lungs and the sound that came from 

within her throat was almost animalistic. It was a deep gutturally sound unlike 

I ever heard before. Poor Honey, instead of a nice slow cock ride she was about 

to be fiercely fucked by my strapping tool.



"Arrrrrrgggggghhhhhhhhh, mmmmmmmffffffpttt," spilled from Honey's lips.



Even as my jaw clamped tightly together I could feel a smile curling up around 

my lips as my hips withdrew and I bucked back into her. I began to savagely and 

brutally rape her ass, spreading her wide as I pounded ten pounds of solid meat 

in and out of her ass. I knew she has to be in agonizing pain because the hold 

her ass had on my cock was painful in it's own right. She gripped my dick 

tightly, like a vise, as I fucked up inside of her and then repelled it like a 

rocket when I withdrew from her. Her ass was magnificent the way it sucked my 

cock right up inside of it as soon as I rocked forward driving inward. 



My voice was hoarse from my own torrid moans, sweat poured from my body, and my 

chest heaved so that I could suck in as much air as I could between carnal 

thrusts. I began to fuck Honey hard and fast as my hands wrapped up under her 

and reached for the clamps on her tits. I tugged on the clamps and renewed her 

screams, sending her over that proverbial edge of pleasure and pain. Honey had 

to know she had to experience it all, so she could fully understand what it 

meant to be my slave.



With my hands on her clamped tits I lifted her off the desk and impaled her onto 

my solid pole. I was determined to have us cum together so I stumbled back, 

until the back of my legs hit my bed, and then sat down quickly upon the cool 

sheets. Honey was like a rag doll in my arms as my left hand held her tits and 

my right slipped onto her cunt. She followed me down, as if she had a choice, 

and sat impaled upon my lap. I used my legs to hold her open, quickly wrapping 

mine over hers and spreading her painfully wide. 



"Oh god nooooooooo. You're splitting me in two," Honey screamed as I used my 

body to lift her up and down on my invading shaft.



My mouth was against her ear and I whispered, hoarsely into it," if that is what 

I desire then that is what I shall do."



I used my arms to fuck her up and down on my cock, my left hand to pull and 

tease her clamped nipples, my right hand to pinch and massage her clit, my legs 

to hold her open, and my mouth to bite and suck on her neck. Yes, Honey was a 

limp piece of flesh for me to mold upon myself, to use as I pleased, to fuck as 

I desired, and to command at will. My cock was growing larger inside her tight 

ass so I began to work my fingers faster over her hardening clit. I wanted her 

to cum with my cock buried deep in her ass and to know what it felt like to 

orgasm around such a thick piece of meat.



Honey's pleading screams turned into crude moans of what seemed like overriding 

pleasure. Perhaps she had finally learned to accept the pain in her ass and now 

she was giving herself over to the pleasure of it all. I held her tight as our 

bodies shuddered together and I rammed her body down over my stick cock just as 

I began to explode waves of cum into her ass. I could feel her cumming as well, 

her warm juices dripped down my fingers and over my pumping cock. The whole 

experience sent me over the top and I fucked her with all I had, mixing her cum 

and blood from her torn ass with my own cum.



I don't know how long I continued to automatically pump my limp dick up inside 

her ass but it seemed like an eternity. I was exhausted, she was exhausted and 

we were both drench in sweat, tears, cum, and blood. I knew there had to be a 

final act to Honey's performance so when I regained the strength I lifted her 

off my cock and pushed her to her knees between my legs.



"You have served me well my slave and as a reward for your efforts I have 

decided to make you mine forever."



Honey smiled up at me even though she was in pain and said; "Thank you Master."



As a final act to her performance I made her lick my cock and balls clean. She 

did not hesitate and cleaned me until the last of her bodily fluids were gone. 

Yes, Honey was the one for me, the one who would do anything I asked. And in 

return for her loyalty I made Honey mine. She has become my most prized 

possession and will remain such for all eternity.



I love you Honey.



Comments, write to soulz821@hotmail.com



You may also want to visit:



&nbsp; Sexy Top 100 Stories 

&nbsp; Erotic Top 100 Story Sites 





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Nic Romanschak


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





