BDSM Library - Making the Choice 




Making the Choice 
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  Dominic is new to school and has a dark side nobody is aware of. He and Jasmine meet, and slowly she becomes aware, but its too late. She's his.






Dominics Thoughts:

...Fuck I need a girl. An innocent. Someone who hasn't belonged to anybody else. Somebody who will amuse me. The girls here make it too easy. Whores. Who is she?..She doesn't belong in this class...fucking class...



She walked in the class then. Long legs wrapped in a pink snug skirt, just at the dress code length, and a lacy tank top with heeled wedge sandals. Long dark hair and chocolate brown eyes with skin that looked like perfect cream...he wanted to indulge in the chocolate and cream delight in front on him.



"Mrs. Williams, where would you like me until you're ready for me to start?"



...What? She's too young to be a teacher, whats going on here?..



"You're fine where you are, we'll be ready for you in just a minute; Class this is Jasmine Baker, many of you probably know her already, Jasmine has the floor, be ready to discuss at the end of her presentation."



"Hey guys whats going on? Lousy day to be inside isn't it? Well I'm here to talk to you guys about the local food bank and some information that they sent me in the mail. I'd like to talk to you guys about setting up a fundraiser before school is out. Kind of a last hurrah for the senior class. ...



...Hmmm, she's not a teacher, a goody goody. Good possibility, we'll have to see how this plays out. I'd love to have those legs wrapped around....oh she's looking at me..



At that moment she saw him, and stumbled in her speech. His eyes seemed to pierce through her. She knew who he was, but hadn't seen him around until now. Athletic, probably tall. Blue eyes like she'd never seen, and hair that looked purposefully tossled. Wonderful. 



At the end of the class, as she was gathering her things he took them from her, "do you have plans for lunch?"



"Not today, no"



"You do now, lets go" as he turned and walked out of the classroom.



"Hey, hey where do you think you're going? I never said, hey wait! Damnit" 



He turned at the last word, looking at her; amused "you don't cuss much do you?"



She smiled, and ran her hand through her hair. "No I don't often run into rude boys trying to be men around me"



...Be patient, give her what she wants, and then take what you want later....



"Sweetheart, I'm not trying, I am. Lets go, we're running out of time for lunch, and what I want to talk to you about, c'mon baby get in the truck".



She got in the truck, and they drove to a nearby drive thru restaurant. He rested his hand on her leg while he drove. ((Oh wow, no guy has ever touched me this casually. It feels great, his hands are so big!))

 After they ordered food, he told her; "I want you" 



Startled out of her thoughts ,"excuse me?"



"I want you to be my girlfriend, and I think you want me to be your boyfriend."



"Oh really? What gave you that idea?"



He touched her leg again, grazing upwards just a little. With the other hand at the nape of her neck, his thumb gently rubbing. Pulling her slightly closer. "Because of how you're reacting to me, because you know I could do more of this," he pulled her head back with her hair, and kissed her throat, he heard her gasp in surprise, "because I want to do more, but not without a commitment. I won't have you seeing other people Jasmine. If you don't want to be with me, tell me now."



She nodded, mutely at his request. She knew he was right, she was attracted to him the first time she saw him. 



He let go of her hair, pulling her body to him. Kissed her full lips softly, at first. Then his tongue begging entrance into her mouth, lightly flicking. He felt her loosen, and her lips gave way to his tongue. Their tongues danced and wrestled, her hands moved to his chest, then around his neck. He felt her breasts against his chest, felt her nipples harden as he kissed her throat. He moved to lower her to the seat while kissing her. "No, Dominic, no...."



fuck. 

"whats wrong baby, we have time before classes, you won't be late" he went back to kissing her. 



"Dominic, please...." she sounded close to tears, he sat her back up and waited for her to continue "its just...I haven't....you would be...I ahh..." She was blushing and trembling slightly, and lowered her head " I can't..."



"Jasmine, look at me" he commanded. She shook her head, blushing redder. He took her chin in his fingers and lifted her eyes to meet his. "I can't promise I'll wait forever. But I will wait, for now. I didn't know you were a virgin. I still want to be with you, that doesn't change things. Just don't tell me no forever. Ok?"



She nodded, and he kissed her, gently. "Lets get back to school, we'll finish talking about this later."



Well that didn't go well, but at least I know she hasn't been touched by the rest of the perv's in this school like the other girls here. She will be mine, entirely, permanently. She won't tell me no for very long. I'll have to be slow, subtle in her training until she can't say no. Then let her know what she is to me, and no one else. What her purpose is.

 

They were back at school, it was the end of the day, and they were in the end of week senior meeting. They had split into groups, Jasmine was head of ceremony and surprise had just been named Valedictorian. As she was finalizing some points the meeting was coming to an end. Dominic waited for her, much to the other student's surprise. He took her bags from her and started walking towards the studen parking lot. She walked towards her car, and he put her things in the back seat. Pressing her up against the car, his hands lightly against her neck. Kissing her. Tongues fighting for control, he nibbles her lip and leans down towards her neck. She pushed him back "not here, everybody is watching" something else to work on...with time, but for now... he took a step back and kissed her lightly on the lips. 



 



Tomorrow I'll pick you up, and take you home. You'll have your lunches with me, and I'll be following you home today, I want to see where you live." She blinked in surprise, but agreed, climbing into her car. 





Driving home, she wonders if this is what she wants. Dominic followed her home, then inside. She gave him a tour of her home, leading to her bedroom, which was separate from the rest of the home, she had her own suite. The benefits of being the only child. Her parents weren't home, and she hadn't had a boy in the house before. He could tell she was nervous. 





Her room was simply decorated. White bedspread, blue sheets and yellow and blue pillows and walls. Daisy's sat on her desk, along with pictures of her with her family and friends. Frowning, Dominic walked over and singled out a few pictures of her with other guys. Interrogating her about each one until he was satisfied they had never touched her. She was sitting on her bed, watching him look through her room. He looked at her. "You are beautiful. You are mine, don't ever forget that." Seeing her blush he walked to her, cupping her face in his hands, "there isn't anything I wouldn't do for you, Jasmine I am the jealous type...make no mistake." Rummaging briefly through her closet; 

"Wear this tomorrow. I'll be here at 7". And he walked out of the house.





She looked at what he had picked out, and paled. A tight mini-dress she had worn several years ago, but had never thrown away. She knew it was just at dress code for length, but the dress code said nothing about clothing being tight. She pulled it on, and was embarrassed immediately. It obscenely hugged every one of her curves. Her 36C breasts, 23 inch waist and 32 inch hips perfectly on her 5'4" frame. He had to be kidding, there was no way she was going to be wearing this at school!





He showed up at 7am the next morning, anxious to see if she had obeyed him in what to wear. She met him at the door wearing blue jeans and a snug v-neck t-shirt.





"Jasmine, where is the dress I told you to wear?"





"You were serious?"





"Yes. You will find that I am not humorous when it comes to how I want you to look. I am telling you now, that I will let it slide today. Tomorrow, the dress had better be on your body. I'd hate to have to punish you this early in our relationship."





"You have got to&nbsp; be kidding me, you can't tell me what to wear! I wore that dress 4 years ago to Junior High graduation, I can't wear that to school now!



His jaw set, he turns to her, already buckled in the car and grabs her face in his hand. "Baby, what I say goes, and the dress will be on tomorrow. I don't care how long ago you wore it, I want to see it on your body. You will do as I say, do you understand me?"



She said nothing, as she averted eye contact. His hand tightend on her face and he pulled her closer,



 "I expect an answer when I ask a question Jasmine. Do you understand me?"



"No, Dominic I don't. Since when do you dress me? I have been doing perfectly fine for the last 18 years. I wear what I want."





He got out of the car, walked around to the passenger side, and pulled her out of the car and back up to the house. Once inside, he pushed her up against the wall in the den.





 "I don't give a flying fuck what you want Jasmine. You do, say and wear what I want you to wear. You want what I want. And if you can't understand that, if you decide that what you want, should supersede what I want, then fine, find another boyfriend. If you decide, that you will obey me on every level, then so be it." 



 



She was shaking her head no, 



"No I don't want to find another boyfriend." 





He was pulling her over to the couch as he spoke, and sat down, pulling her to his side. "Baby, I don't want to do this, its for your own good" and pulled&nbsp; her over his lap. Pulled her jeans down around her knees. He rested his hand on her thonged behind, 



 



"I'm going to spank you for disobeying, and talking back to me. When we are finished, you will go change your outfit. Am I clear?" 





She nodded yes, and was visibly trembling in his lap. 



 



"Now, spread your legs out, and arch your back. Yes, yes like that".





 Rubbing his hand lightly over her spread cheeks, then CRACK! Spanked her, over and over, making sure no spot was missed until her entire ass was red and she was sobbing and writhing in his lap. He pulled her head back by her hair, forcing her to look at him. He kissed her, forcing her lips open. Plundering her mouth, taking what she had not offered. He stood, pulling her to her feet, and pushed her towards the door.



 



 "Now, go get the dress on and clean up your face, we're going to be late for school"













Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Adrienne


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





