BDSM Library - Manuela's Execution




Manuela's Execution
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:   Manuela M., you are found guilty of the crimes of adultery and fornication.






Manuela's Execution 
The Honorable Judge spoke, "Manuela M., you are found guilty of the crimes of adultery and fornication. It is the decision of this court that the organs with with which you committed these heavy crimes will be destroyed by a glowing-hot iron. Further it is decided that you will thereafter be beheaded by the Executioner's axe. Then your head and your body, as a warning example, will be publicly issued to be eaten by birds, dogs and other animals. Do you have anything to say before these judgements are implemented?" "Yes, Detlef, I... I, I love you nevertheless! Please, withdraw your testimony, tell the Judge that you forgive me! I made terrible errors, but I want to make it all good again, please!!!" Tears rolled over Manuela's cheeks, with them she beseeched her man. But Detlef only looked on with ice-cold eyes: "It's too late, which you yourself should have considered earlier. I have testified against you, and it stands. Your Honor, I ask you not to show this whore any mercy!" "Guard, put the handcuffs on this woman and take her to the scaffold!" "At once, your Honor!" The court constable, a large strong man, stepped over to the newly-condemned woman. "Give up - put your hands behind your back, or I will have to force you to do so." Manuela bowed her head, put her hands to her rear and held them there for the guard to manacle. She saw that she had for the moment no further chance. Now 43 years old, her life would probably be ended this cool but sunny autumn afternoon. The only hope that remained to her was a tradition saying that if she now humiliated herself and to her fate first resigned herself, there might be clemency - several times already that tradition had left a condemned person alive. She inhaled deeply as the constable put the cold steel around her wrists, then seized her by the arm and led her away from the courtroom. It was only fifty paces from the law courts out to the place of execution, and after hearing the verdict the spectators of the court followed the condemned woman there. She did not want to escape: she cooperated well. With highly-raised head Manuela walked beside the guard, and with a proud and at the same time stubborn countenance. She stretched out her full breasts, which filled out her thin red pullover well, consciously outwards, letting her sumptuous hips in the close jeans swing with each step. Perhaps, she thought, these will also help me gain clemency. Each week at same time executions and punishments were implemented, and so there had gathered around the scaffold already a jovial crowd that now watched how Manuela climbed the few steps which led up to the platform. Slowly she mounted to the landing and went to the wood block where the Executioner, with his black garb on, already waited. She saw the many dark stains which covered the planks and the arranging block: the dried blood of the unfortunate condemned men and women from former executions. She saw the heavy large axe which leaned at the side of the block. She saw the basin in which the irons were already heated up, because before each execution it was the obligation of a worker to ignite the charcoal. And she saw the metal framework with the rings, which would bore their long iron thorns into her breasts, as well as the other metal rings into which her feet would be fastened. Her nipples pressed hard against her pullover's fabric, and she trembled but did not want to let the Executioner actually see how excited she was. She did not succeed in this - she was conscious of the bloodstains on which she walked, and she was also sexually excited. Because she had been cooperative so far, and her naked sumptuous body she would have to present to the whole gallery, the guard was again beside her and took off the handcuffs. It was unnecessary to have to still bind Manuela now - the spectators stood closely ringing the scaffold, beside it were the guards, and with her was the Executioner - escaping was now impossible. Manuela heard then heard the guard whisper, "You can take off your pullover and pants, or I will do it for you. Then you place yourself, legs apart, your hands on your head. Thus you'll remain standing while the judgement is read out again, and then your hair is cut off your neck. Be smart and do what we tell you to, because you'll save otherwise unnecessary pain." And with these words the guard pressed an Elektroschocker laterally into Manuela's ribs. "Aaaargghhhh!" Already now, with the current set only on the first level so that it actually only served as a warning, Manuela cried out loudly and hunched over. She had tears in her eyes, but however saw that the level setting on the Schocker was moved up and so she hurried to pull her pullover over her head and off her body. The spectators applauded enthusiastically as, as she now stood there in her thin white bra, Manuela's nipples from the cold weather and her excitation rigidly stood out and were clear to see. Yes, she was a properly and sumptuously full woman, who had had to show up for them here. Not too thick, no, correctly handy, everyone also saw the clearly recognizable bulges over her broad hips and her small tummy roll The guard opened for her the belt and zipper of her jeans, and at a view of the Schocker already on and waiting she clearly accelerated her movements. "Your shoes give you away, they look so randy." The implication was sparse and clear. But it was correct also, what the guard had said. After Manuela with some trouble had taken off her tight jeans everyone saw that her high-heeled pumps, a good 6 cm high, stretched her strong thighs to their most favourable extension. Deeply her high-quality white panties, very low-cut, clung to her tight buttocks and stressed her womanly figure. The panties were correctly curved in front in the place of her shame, and everyone could now suspect that close hair shrubs had to be hidden there - even if not one hair peeped out from under the edge of the triangular material, because Manuela could not ever allow that and she always shaved the edges very carefully. "Take off your necklace as well, which could damage the axe. The remaining jewelry you can keep on. Stand correctly, your legs still a little further apart. Now remain like that." Manuela's bosoms had clearly tightened, and her tummy roll had become somewhat flatter, and she put her arms over her head and now again heard the judgement. She still had hope - but no objection was to be heard from her man, whom she clearly saw in the first row of spectators before the platform. Instead she saw the Executioner coming to her. Manuela trembled, her whole body trembled, when the strong man stepped up to her. But she did not tremble only with fear, no, there was still the feeling of the excitement she was going through. Exciting her to become ever damper still, she felt the wet mark in her panties, caused by the sight of this man and his athletic and muscular body. The sight of the man who would cause her the cruelest pain and then kill her. She shuddered, when he reached it into her hair and began to roughly cut it with rapid cuts of shears up to the top of her neck. As if hypnotized she looked at the streaked and highlighted hair which fell to the planks and made possible a precise blow of the axe. Then the Executioner stepped before her and, spellbound, she followed the movement of his hands - those hands now seized her bra between her full breasts and with a strong jerk tore it from her. The large breasts fell free, sagging heavily, their dark nipples reinforced and swollen to full size. But Manuela stopped, and did not try to cover their blushing. "Very beautiful, but those are nonetheless wicked tits. Such fine flesh. Well, come already, kneel down. Yes, thus, now bend forward, put your torso on the metal handle so that your udders fit into the rings. And now put your head down on the block, turn it to the side, now it's good." "Auuuuwwwwwwhhhhhh." Manuela cried out as the Executioner roughly grabbed a breast and pulled it to the arranging block. The metal frame pressed itself coldly against her skin, and she felt already now how the points in the metal rings pressed against her breasts, as these like solid upside-down bells hung downwards. The wood of the arranging block rubbed raw against her cheek as her head was pulled firmly onto it. The Executioner had in the meantime stepped behind her, taken her feet and pulled them to the sides around him to fasten them into the iron clips on the planks of the platform. Her legs were spread far apart, Manuela now felt a cool draft of air on the damp place between her legs, her shame would be greatly increased if it was finally exposed. But as yet things had not gone very far. Next her arms were to be secured. "Noooo, pleeaassee, noooo....". There was a crunching noise when the Executioner drove the thick nails through Manuela's wrists after the guard had pressed them against the wood of the arranging block. She could still move her hands and the fingers still relatively freely, but everyone could see how she clenched her hands into fists when the next pain for her came. And it did not take much time, because the Executioner now began to screw the metal rings together, with the thorns closing in. With each revolution of the screws the sharp pressure increased on her breasts. Manuela squealed like a pig as the steel thorns perforated her skin and ever into her breasts continued to dig. "Yes, it's fun, and it pleases you, doesn't it? With udders such as yours this is indeed marvelous." The Executioner taunted and humiliated her with his words too. Ever more deeply the thorns and the metal rings dug themselves into her breasts' meat, squeezing it ever more closely together. Swollen lesions already welled up darkly, discoloured, and small blood drops fell to the planks in places where the thorns had dug themselves into her soft woman-meat. This torture did not disturb the crowd, who shouted that Manuela had it all coming. Exactly the opposite in fact - the mass was not nearly yet content when the Executioner stopped and stepped behind her to his work now at her rear. However, they were then compensated by the sight of a closely hairy shame region, when Manuela's panties were torn off by a sharp jerk to her body by him. The dark hair mat had stuck together from her own juices, but they nevertheless still could not even see anything yet of her female attractions - her out-stretched powerful buttocks expanded far, and the entrance to her rear region was hidden between them. But that changed fast. Through her pain, only vaguely did Manuela hear the spectators informed about her physical advantages and mass: "The condemned woman is 43 years old, and has had a child. She is 174 cm tall, weighs 73 kg. Upper width 98 cm, waist 72, hips 102 cm, and as you see with fine dark hair..." Manuela saw the burning torch/flare the Executioner briefly showed her. Then she cried out again, because she felt the heat now. Flickering and running lightly over her the flames ate off the fur from between her legs. Back and forth the Executioner moved the torch/flare, he made sure that it completely singed her hair off. Manuela cried, cramped in her chains, her sensitive meat quickly turning red in the places touched by the flame. He noticed how she continued to further gouge in the wounds in her tits as she tried to rear up. It was to no avail. Naked and bald there now she was humiliated, while dirty old men offered their cocks and the dark muscle ring of her asshole became visible to the spectators. The real pain, however, was to come only now. But no, first there was still no pain. Because first Manuela felt his fingers, which dug themselves into her sheath, twisting into her clitoris, and also finding the way up her ass into her intestine. Oh, the Executioner had experience. Instantly Manuela was excited, became very horny, and began to groan. She was just short of a orgasm when the Executioner stopped - she was not to be allowed to have an orgasm again. Instead now the Executioner showed her the iron that he had taken from the coal basin. The thick iron staff, which the huge man could hardly hold in his grasp, was nearly white-hot so large was the heat that it radiated. "Like it, you bundle of filth? T his is for your cunt! Are you ready? Come on, say it aloud, we all want to hear it, please ask for your punishment." There was still the instinct for self-preservation - knowing that this had to be she still hoped for mercy if she beggingly answered. Because Manuela knew no other reason than this she heard her own words: "Please, you must punish me, I ask you to burn out my cunt, I have it those.... AAAAAAAAArrrrrrgggggggggHHHHHHH." That was the cry of a maltreated animal. Still the Executioner had not pushed the iron staff yet into her dear cave. He had only pressed the glowing steel onto her clitoris, and burned out her desire nerves. For a long time he held the iron to the sensitive bud, letting the the meat char, burnng the whole root of the clitoris out. It was a deep black wound that smoked, then he set up and with a jerk then shoved the iron deeply into her through the entrance to her vagina. Manuela pulled and pulled at her chains, the nails and the thorns ripped her tits' flesh. Nothing helped her to escape the terrible pain - exactly the opposite, as with each movement she only hurt herself more. And the Executioner continued inexorably. With his whole strength he rammed the glowing staff ever more deeply into her maltreated body. The glow ate ever further into her, burned everything on its way, and penetrated into the womb. The cruel wounds did not even bleed: the glowing iron stopped the bleedings immediately. And there was still something which the Executioner recognized immediately: Manuela could not do differently, she tried with the remainder of her burned cunt muscles to fuck the intruding rod during which she cried but did not complain of her fate. "Aaaaahhhh; noooo, pleeeassseee, puuulll iiit oouuutt, dooon't doo iiit, noo more...." Through a veil of tears and the unceasing waves of pain she heard the Executioner say: "Tell us more, did you also let your your lover screw your rear hole? Answer, and I will pull the iron from you." "I, noooo, I, did not pleeaassee no more, yesss, yesss, I admit it, I had him fuck my ass also." Still the Executioner with the searing iron in Manuela's violated cunt, pressed it in the meantime against the other side of her womb, so all her female sexual organs were burned. And still Manuela tried to fuck the hot iron. "And, you satisfied him also with your mouth?" "Oh Goooodddd, yesss, yeeessss, awwwwhhhhhhhhhhh..." Manuela did not understand at all why the Executioner had asked her that. She saw why as the Executioner however now immediately pulled the next iron from the coal basin and showed it to her. At the end of the bar was a gleaming metal tip, also this iron glowed in the brightest red. And its glowing end approached her mouth. Manuela recognized with this view with horrible fright what the Executioner intended, why he had forced her into making the confessions. She pressed her lips together in despair, and kept her mouth tightly closed. But that was not an obstacle for the Executioner, as he knew a completely simple way. He only briefly pressed the metal tip on Manuela's lips. It was a natural reflex, she wanted to protect herself, to escape from the awful heat, and she opened her mouth only a little. That was enough for the Executioner. With a rapid thrust he rammed the iron deeply down her throat, knocking some teeth out and making her tongue and palate char. The iron hissed and steamed where it came in contact with Manuela's spit. Now she could only cry, Manuela could not accomplish even a loud croak. She tasted her own burned meat, her cooked saliva. But her martyrdom was not yet to end. It was now an iron already nearly at the melting point when the Executioner showed it to her. And it was also clearly thicker than that with which her cunt had already been burned out. Manuela rolled her eyes wildly, her fingernails dug themselves into the wood of the arranging block, and she threw her head back and forth as far as possible - all in vain. The Executioner had surely taken measure of his goal and now pressed the iron between her magnificent buttocks up into her ass. Again came the hissing and the sizzling noise when the glowing rod stole its way in and burned out Manuela's ass. The Executioner didn't have it easier, here was only a stable muscle layer as in the womb and so the steel bored itself much more deeply into Manuela's internals than the first iron had, still burning everything which it touched. Manuela knew that she could not expect clemency now, because these burns already would kill her. Therefore she took it as a mercy when the Executioner let the iron simply remain in her backside, before he again stepped over and took the axe into his hand. She saw how he raised the heavy blade, heard the quiet hissing as it rushed down on her neck, and heard the Crunching as her bones and throat split apart. Then the world briefly began to turn, she tasted on her tongue the bittersweet taste of her own blood, saw her ruined body lying on the arranging block, and felt the warm blood which shot out from her severed neck. The last thing she was aware of was the taste of her own burned meat and the sight of her terrible wounds when the Executioner picked up her head by its hair and pressed her face deep between her own thighs. Manuela had got what she deserved. 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  vonka


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





