BDSM Library -  A Grand View From the Top




 A Grand View From the Top
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Hetero sex, Bondage, Male dominant, NC






A Grand View From the Top





Wendy struggled with a great vehemence, of course. Petite and pretty she still 

managed nothing but bad luck with men so she had accepted her former friend 

Charlotte's recommendation for a blind date.



Charlie could be said to have rugged good looks. No doubt existed of his 

intelligence, assertiveness, wit or expensive habits of money. Midnight had 

struck on this warm June night and some three hundred dollars had been spent on 

her entertainment. With her tight and short dress she advertised her sultry form 

as available. Their kissing had been little pecks at the beginning but Charlie's 

tongue had wrestled with hers near the back of her throat towards the end.



Ergo their unfortunate disagreement. Charlie figured she owed him something and 

wanted her lips buried in his groin, good old-fashioned capitalism and lust 

directed him. Wendy crossed her knees beneath her short hem and pouted: "No way, 

what sort of girl do you think I am?"



Parked under a spreading massive oak on Charlie's isolated parent's home, the 

surrounding forest showed a dense chirping black. A tall flagpole loomed to the 

right with a limp American flag hanging low. Some breezes were clustering nearby 

with an ominous storm front drifting in from the west and south.



Charlie's parents were off to the Scottish Highlands on vacation and no one was 

home except Charlie and Wendy. So he stared frankly at her ill-fated situation 

and decided what to do with her to achieve his reasonable goals. "Turn around 

and cross your wrists!" he commanded.



"What?"



"Just do it and quick!"



"I want to go-o home!" Seeing her frightened and pathetic response of cries and 

a light tapping of her fingers against his chest, Charlie aggressively grabbed 

her shoulders and roughly twisted her into the right position. A velvet sash 

belt crossed her slim waist holding her thin dress close. He stripped it off her 

and bound her wrists neatly with several taut cinch straps between her hands. 

"That 's too tight. It hurts! Stop it!"



With Wendy secured he left the car, taking the keys with him, so as to reach the 

passenger side of the coupe where he seized the door, flung it wide and tugged 

Wendy up and out by the roots of her luxurious dark brown hair. "Oooh!"



Grabbing her soft left upper arm he led her towards the flagpole that towered an 

exceptionally high forty feet on a sturdy stainless steel mast. Charlie looped a 

free end of her binding sash to the anchoring bottom flag line peg. Meanwhile he 

pawed her melon-sized tits and sensitive alert nipples under her bra with a 

stern knee lodged intimately near her crotch. She protested profusely and cursed 

fluently in English and French. Quite loud too but futile in a 20 acre estate. 

Beyond that her frantic body motions only drove Charlie hotter to the attack.



"No way Charlie bastard am I sucking your damn stupid cock! Let me go and I 

promise not to tell anyone about this." Obviously Wendy needed a wee bit more 

taming before he dared let her pearly white teeth near his crotch. "Fuck off!"



"Now, now. Wendy dear I have spent too much time and money not to be fucked and, 

besides, your tits are excellent and your lips warm and lush. The least you can 

do is accommodate me."



"There was no contract for that. Or any of that. I am a free woman with rights. 

I can do anything I want with my body."



"Then be careful with what you wear. You show too much to be very prudish. The 

contract is implied."



"I can wear anything I want! It is all in your dirty fucking mind!"



"Such language, tsk-tsk." There are several ways of domesticating a girl. Indeed 

she had already begun method four with her hands neatly secured behind. Charlie 

thought carefully of some important safety details and feminine discomfort 

levels.



Yanking the thick flag line, a heavy thick nylon braid, from the pole Charlie 

carefully wrapped it around her slender white neck and then looped it through 

and around her left bicep, around her waist and up her cleavage and crooked 

about her right elbow. The rope dug into her throat making her voice shriller. 

"Hey, please what are y-you doing"



"Hush, Wendy slut, just devising some important self education lessons. Please 

let me concentrate. I really would like a blow job later and not a hospital 

visit."



"What" He pulled her neck choker diminishing her speech to an obscene whisper. 

"Oooh!"



Reluctant maidens responded to several methods of persuasion. First was liquor 

or other drug reducing her natural reluctance to a minimal threshold. The second 

technique required soft manners and plenty of time to establish trust and love. 

Third was to entice by simple greed, money and a sense of security. The fourth 

procedure relaxed back to the involuntary nature of the first method: tie her up 

and have way as soon as you want.



The fourth method had a few variations: fright, terror, pain, slavery and simply 

keeping her bound when needed for a servicing. Terror was a higher degree of 

fright. Women responded excellently to these sort of controls though effects 

varied in permanence.



Wendy failed at method 1 (Perhaps insufficient in their amounts). And he 

obviously had money so greed flopped. As for security or method 2 marriage and 

true love was a bit much for so soon just to quench some casual lust. So method 

4, which rarely failed, Wendy had chosen. So be it on her.



Weaving the upper rope in her hair he tangled it all together in several knots. 

Wendy would be taking hours afterwards to comb out the snarled frizzies but its 

purpose would be clear to her later.



Now for the bottom of the rope rigging her, he delicately slipped around the 

knot cinching her wrists and then between the divide of her ass under her dress. 

There his hand admired her curvaceous ass momentarily until he continued the 

rope under her blue panties and through the front vaginal cleavage. "Hey, please 

don't touch."



He smiled and fondled anyway delighting in her vulnerable body. Threading the 

rope upwards through a loop crossing her breasts, he then went down to snag her 

left panty leg, then crisscrossed her smooth back before a final down drop 

through the other panty side. The rope threaded back through her wrists to fall 

limply to the ground before he tightened the end to the flag pole bottom peg.



Stepping back he admired his quivering nubile creation. Her dress bunched over 

her waist letting her stocking tops show nicely. Her panties peaked cutely 

between a pair of timid thighs.



"What are you going to do to me!" she gasped realizing her predicament at least 

partially.



"What do you think, o stupid one."



She hesitated: "Oh, screw me"



"And a bit more perhaps. You know what I had politely requested. Now we do it 

the hard way.



"I am going to air you out, wench. A few hours from now and you will be begging 

on your knees. " He arranged her dress some to let her luscious tits breathe a 

little easier for her upcoming action.



"Pleaseplease" she begged unendingly.



Grinning madly he commenced to lift her up the flagpole by the rope strung 

through and around her. The tension increased first on her topknot, dark brown 

hair tearing heartlessly at her scalp roots. Wendy sobbed and stood on tiptoe 

until her date relived her of that minor responsibility and magnified the weight 

on her neck, upper torso, wrists, panties and crotch. "OoohhMy godthat smarts"



Now she realized the benefit of the ropes under her panty legs. Her underwear 

stretched and strained at her crotch even as the rope through her vagina dug 

down to find her pelvis bone. Finding that unbearable she frantically kicked and 

screamed. Gradually the distance lengthened between her dainty red platform 

heels and the ground beneath where her date sweated to elevate her ever higher 

in the world.



She commenced praying in a newfound belief in God that her panties would not 

tear any further than the initial rip. "Oh God, please don't let me drop and 

fall! Please I do not want to die"



Eventually her dress remnants billowed in the mild winds at the top of the 

flagpole. The rest of her flimsy panties showed their color. She stretched and 

wiggled learning the new ways of living up in the air. Grasping the flagpole 

with her thighs or ankles let some of her 110 pounds settle elsewhere than her 

aching chest or crotch. So after a dozen minutes of wicked kicks and bouncing 

she cooled off and hung with her legs wrapped around the pole. In awhile she 

would weaken but for the moment she had succeeded in reducing the pressure 

through her vagina and on her panties.



Her red nailed hands gripped the cold metal of the pole as hard as she could. 

This helped too. Still she swayed as the winds ever changed and pressed. Stray 

strands of wispy hair whipped across her eyes as sudden gusts increased and 

decreased randomly. Off in the distance flashed distant lightning and the 

promise of an abrupt wet downpour.



With her hair held up and back she gazed out across the scattered oak and maple 

treetops. She commanded a truly superb view and had to see it thanks to the 

thoughtfulness of her date in yanking her up and pulling her hair up and back. 

She viewed the winding driveway until it disappeared into the dimness. Off 

further the dazzle of Route 27 glittered with attendant truck foghorns and car 

rumble.



Her thighs ached already. "O Lord. Charlie! Charlie? I want to suck your damn 

cock! Let me down!"



Charlie sipped a Heinie inside his home. He wondered what was on HBO.



"Charlie! Where are you? Charlie!"



A cold wind ruffled her dress and tickled her bottom. She slipped off the pole 

with her legs, kicked back and held for a few minutes until she could not 

anymore. Her fingers numbed and dropped away too leaving more like fifty or 

sixty pounds on her vagina and panties. She wept.



The first few drops of rain fell and touched her head and breasts. She shook 

violently and flailed her legs fruitlessly. After ten minutes her clothes soaked 

through plastering against her body. "Charlotte, damn you! I will get even if it 

is the last thing I do!" Another bad luck date!



She hung limp, discontent and miserable by her panties forty feet above the 

ground flapping in the breeze. Pretty much she was ready for some active cock 

sucking. Her tears fell down and down splattering beneath her feet. Still her 

nipples were rigid with terror, The rope rubbed obscenely across her slippery 

vagina and tickled the insides of her ass cheeks. Charlie would find her quite 

satisfactory later



The rain faded quick leaving her drenched and cold except for her bottom and 

tingling nipples. The Moon popped free of thick black clouds illuminating a 

gorgeous scene of early summer foliage.



"Well," she muttered to herself the only person who could hear anyway," Charlie 

did give me a seat with a grand view from the top."





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Nic Romanschak


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





