BDSM Library -  A Harder Course Than I Thought




 A Harder Course Than I Thought
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Hetero sex, Femdom, NC, B/D, D/s






A Harder Course Than I Thought





I'll never forget the stain of my first experience when I was 16 years old. It 

was with a history student teacher who had come to train as an actual teacher, 

who I will only identify as "Ms. Clark". 



It all started one Friday afternoon when I asked if I could stay after school 

and get some help in history. She said that would be fine, she could spare at 

least a couple hours, and I had no reason to be home in a hurry myself. So at 

2:00 when school ended, I went up to her room. I looked through the tiny window 

to see if anyone was inside. I saw that my real teacher had already left, so it 

was only going to be Ms. Clark and me. She was sitting at a long table near he 

back of the room, slightly bent over some papers. She was wearing a black blouse 

and a short skirt, and I stared at her exquisite legs for a moment, thinking. I 

had always fantasized about having an older woman, in her 20's or 30's even. I 

hated the way the girls my age at school were always so giggly and immature, and 

I could tell that they disliked my solemn and quiet demeanor just as much. Real 

women, on the other hand, often seemed fascinated that I act so much more 

sophisticated than my peers. There was something more about women, though. I 

wanted something sexual; to teach me how it's done, to fuck my brains out. 



I didn't linger on this thought long, because I was only here this afternoon for 

history help. As I opened the door, she looked up startled.



"Oh hi there. Sooooo, what do you need help with?"



I proceeded into the room. 



"About what we did today, um... I don't think I really know what's going on with 

all of the constitution stuff."



"Okay, pull up a seat and open up your book."



So we sat together, and after she had been babbling on a while about the 

declaration of independence, and federalists and so forth and so on, I found my 

eyes wandering downward to her legs again. She had a perfect figure for my 

tastes: Slightly on the thick side, but not fat, I suppose about 5'8" tall, and 

maybe weighing about 125-130. She had a nice, slightly round ass, and beautiful 

thighs. She had gorgeous dark reddish-brown hair, very thick and just down to 

her shoulders, curving in toward her neck. Her face was wonderfully shaped and 

lightly tanned. From the top of her blouse a faint cleavage line drew my eyes to 

her luscious tits, maybe a CC cup or so. She was probably about 25-27 in age, 

and as the scent of her light perfume mingled with more of my obnoxious 

fantasies, I became completely absorbed in thought, my eyes again fixed on her 

legs.



"Something wrong?" she suddenly asked.



I jerked my head up and realized that she had stopped reading about 5 seconds 

ago. She had an inquisitive look in her eyes, and her mouth seemed to curve 

slightly into a sexy smile. I felt myself blushing.



"Oh, uh sorry... I guess I'm not quite with it today", I said with a bit of 

nervousness.



"Did you have lunch?"



"Not really, just a coke and a few crackers from the snack machine."



"I'm getting pretty hungry myself." She leaned back in her seat and yawned. "You 

wanna go get something to eat? We can continue your history question while we 

wait."



I told her I liked the idea a lot, so we left the school and walked across the 

street to a little sandwich store. We got to talking a lot, about several 

different things. We had finished talking about the constitution, and were 

discussing things about the school and the people there. Again, my insatiable 

eyes drifted down to her legs, and my cock rose slightly and pressed on the 

inside of my briefs.



"They're nice aren't they," she suddenly said.



I was deeply embarrassed and my erection quickly went back down, but I went 

along. "Well, yeah they are."



She gave me that sexy smile of hers again. "You sure seem to like them. Don't 

you have a girlfriend or something though?"



"No. I don't really pay much attention to girls at school, they're so immature 

and they don't appear to like me much anyway."



"I see," she says. "You're quite a mature guy, you know."



I blushed a little. "Thanks"



We didn't say a lot more as we were eating, and we both had plenty of thoughts 

in our minds. As I finished, I remembered that my car was in the shop, and I 

told a friend of mine (who brought me to school) that I was staying after school 

and would find my own way home. She just finished her meal and sighed.



"Well I guess that's all. You need a ride home or anything?"



"Yeah that would be great, my car's getting some work done to it."



So we got into her car. I watched the shapely muscles in her legs and hips flex 

as she pressed the pedals, and directed her how to get to my house. 



"...make a right here." She flew right on by.



"You missed a turn there," I said.



"We'll go back", she said, "but first I want to show you something."



So she kept driving, a little faster than I was comfortable with. She drove 

through a neighborhood I had never seen, and we ended up at a large house, 

distant from the others, at the end of a tiny street. She walked up to the 

house, and I followed her willingly, although confused. She unlocked the door 

and went in, telling me to stay in the foyer. I heard her fumbling with some 

things, and she came back, with something in her hand I couldn't quite see. She 

motioned for me to follow her up a flight of stairs, and told me to sit on the 

end of a large bed there. After I watched her for awhile in wonder she began to 

speak.



"So... if you don't like schoolgirls, do you like women?"



I swallowed several times, fumbling for something to say. I was thinking about 

what might happen, but didn't know what to do. I was unable to answer. She gave 

me that smile of hers again, but it was almost menacing this time.



"You're a timid one now, aren't you? Well I'm gonna show you something you'll 

never forget. You've been tempting me all afternoon, and I'm gonna get what I 

want!"



I was speechless. I felt heated excitement rush through me, but it was 

accompanied by a cold shudder down my spine. My cock jumped up again, visibly 

showing a bulge through my jeans.



"The question is," she continued, "are we gonna do this the easy way or the hard 

way?"



"D-do what?" I stammered. I never imagined myself this shy in front of a woman 

like this, but then again I wasn't prepared and I barely knew her.



"You know what the FUCK I'm talking about!" she yelled. She placed what she was 

carrying in a chair behind her, still out of my view, and took her shirt off. 

She was wearing no bra, and her beautiful breasts swung freely. I felt an almost 

electric shock surge through my nerves, and my cock was now pushing against my 

briefs like it was gonna rip through. I knew I couldn't do this though. It 

wouldn't be right, and I didn't even know her.



"I-I'm gonna g-go. This-this isn't-... I really shouldn't be doing this y-you 

know."



"SHADDUP!" She quickly plucked up something from the chair, and as I heard a 

distinct click, I knew what it was -- a gun!



"You are staying right fucking here! You went past the point of no return when 

you put your foot in my car, and now you are gonna give me exactly what I want, 

exactly the way I want it! NOW STRIP!"



As I reluctantly took off my clothes, my mind was going over so many thoughts 

and ideas that my head began to hurt, and I was shaking so bad I felt sick. 'She 

is gonna make me do this whether I want to or not, and there's absolutely 

nothing I can do'. I had always fantasized about something like this happening, 

but now that it was gonna happen I was scared shitless. I now had my clothes 

off, and I stood before her, shivering, and she kept the gun pointed toward my 

chest.



"I see we're going to have to do this the hard way," she said in a sneering 

voice. "Lie down on the bed and stay real fuckin' still."



I did as she asked. It was an old bed, and at the head there were some brass 

rods rising up from the frame, ending at a large, curved piece at the top. She 

picked up some handcuffs from the chair, and cuffed me to the rods so that I 

couldn't get loose. Her strength surprised me, and she moved my arms around like 

they were light as cardboard. She tightened the cuffs so that they pinched my 

wrists almost painfully. She patted my head lightly and laughed softly and 

maliciously to herself.



My cock was still erect, and she stroked it lightly. I felt something deep 

inside of me, lusting. But the sense of fear was greater, and I felt very little 

pleasure. 



"Oh god," I groaned. "Please don't do this."



She smacked me in the face, hard. "You've been practically begging for this, I 

could see it in your eyes. Your getting what's coming to you, and you will like 

it or else!"



She then straddled me, with my cock up against her smooth belly. She sat there, 

feeling its heat against her. Then she leaned over me, smashing my face between 

her breasts. "Lick, you sonnafabitch! LICK!"



So I did, I licked and sucked and kissed them as she asked. My cock was 

throbbing against her stomach as I took as much of her hot flesh into my mouth 

as I could, stroking her cork-hard nipples with the tip of my tongue. She moaned 

and writhed on top of me, while she jabbed the cold end of her .357 in the side 

of my neck. 



After a few minutes, which seemed like hours, she got up for a second and sat 

back down again, this time on my face. "Now lick some more, boy!" I worked my 

tongue on and around her pussy. As I licked and sucked again, she moaned in 

ecstasy, although I could barely breathe. I wanted to get her off as fast as I 

could and get it over with, and hopefully going home alive. Her clit hardened 

up, and I played around with the little knob with my tongue. She clenched my 

face with her hot thighs and writhed, giving me a headache as I moaned in pain. 

"MORE!" she yelled, between groans, and I kept going, wondering how long I would 

have to go. She came a little bit, and I licked up what I could, the rest 

drooling down to my neck. I felt like I was going to suffocate several times 

throughout the ordeal, and if I'd stop to get a breath she'd jab that freezing 

gun in my head, until I got going again. I worked my tongue inside her, and she 

clamped down on it with her cunt muscles, pinching it like a vice. A little more 

cream came out, but she was holding back, prolonging my misery and her pleasure. 

Finally after what must have been 30 minutes or more, she got up again.



"Now for the fun part," she said. "If you do well, I may let you go home without 

a hole in your head. But don't come until I fucking say so, GOT IT?!" I feebly 

whimpered a response, gasping for breath.



One last time, she straddled me, guiding my dick into that insatiable black hole 

of hers. She gasped as if she had just lowered herself into a boiling hot spa, 

and slowly began to pump up and down on my groin. She gradually moved faster, 

clamping herself around my choking rod, keeping locked onto it as if she were 

going to pull it right off. I groaned in pain as she thrashed about on top of 

me, sucking the life out of me. As much as I hated it, she was causing me to 

reach a climax, and she seemed to realize it. "Don't fucking do it", she warned 

as she pointed that gun toward my face. It was damn hard holding back, and my 

balls felt like they were going to explode. She kept pumping me, grinding her 

hips painfully into mine and gripping my shoulder with her free hand. Her nails 

were digging into my skin, and left deep red marks. Finally, I knew it was 

almost over as her moans got louder and her chest heaved with each breath. She 

threw her head back and yelled, "OKAY, FUCKING DO IT NOW!" although it seemed 

like an almost inhuman roar. I grunted with relief, releasing my hot semen into 

her body as she let her own juices fly. I was as much relieved to let it go now 

as I was to get away from this bitch. We both panted and heaved until we had 

caught our breath, she still sitting with my now-soft cock halfway inside her. 



Finally she got off and cleaned herself with a towel from the bath nearby. She 

watched me, still completely helpless as I looked at her pleadingly. 



"Well tiger", she finally said, "you'll pay a lot more attention in class now, 

wont you? This is a lesson which you will never forget!"





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Matt


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





