BDSM Library - A Day Off From Work




A Day Off From Work
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This story contains D/S, S/M, B/D, and bestiality.






A Day Off From Work



i anxiously awaited by the front door in a pair of tight jean shorts and a bra, 

straining my ears for the crunch of tires on the gravel driveway. i dared not 

look out the window for fear of punishment when Mistress finally got there - i 

did not want Her to see me peeking. When i finally heard Her car coming down the 

drive, my pussy spasmed and i could feel the wetness begin to seep through the 

shorts. a short knock at the door, and i had admitted Her, on my knees, my eyes 

cast downward. i quickly put my hands behind my back which jutted my breasts 

out, and my breathing became heavy. Still, i had not had my first look at my new 

Mistress yet.



i felt Her hand wind through my hair. "So this is my new little whore, the one 

who has begged for me to fuck her like she deserves," She remarked. All of a 

sudden Her grip tightened and my head was yanked back and my eyes were trained 

on Her remarkable beauty. 



She had ravishing hair and the most beautiful body i had ever laid eyes upon, a 

body that would befit a goddess. Her enchanting eyes pierced me to my soul, and 

i swore they changed colors before me. Her thigh high boots were as high as i 

was kneeling - She was a good 6 feet in them and made me feel delightfully small 

and insignificant. i only hoped that i would please Her beyond all expectations.



Mistress Christianna reached into a bag and brought out a collar and leash. The 

collar was snapped tightly around my neck, and the leash connected to it. With a 

jerk, Mistress said, "Lead Me to the den, you little bitch whore!"



"Yes Mistress," i replied, quickly scurrying in front of Her. i led Her into the 

Den, where She sat on the couch and set Her bag of goodies on the floor.



"Now it's time for a proper examination of my new slut. Get up on the table on 

all fours, with your legs spread wide." Mistress Christianna commanded.



"Yes Mistress," i said, climbing up onto the wooden coffee table. it was a good 

3 x 3 feet, and was plenty big enough for me to lay completely across with my 

feet flat on the floor and only my head hanging over the side. i was on all 

fours, doggy style, and Mistress slowly started Her examination.



"Let's see if you really are as good with that mouth as you say you are my 

little slut dog," Mistress said. Standing in front of me, She grasped the back 

of my head and pulled me into Her. i could already smell Her pussy, and it made 

me drip. my tongue came out and i buried it into Her streaming cunt. Her wetness 

only made me moan for more.



"Oh, that's a good little slut. Eat it all up," Mistress moaned. i started to 

suck Her clit in earnest, only to feel Her hand smack my ass hard. "NO," She 

said, "I'm not through yet. you will not be allowed to taste My cum until I am 

through with you."



"Yes Mistress Christianna," i whimpered, wanting more of Her. She did not 

realize it, but She had made me Her total slave just by Her tantalizing taste.



"I think it is time to see your naked body," Mistress said as She pulled out an 

evil looking knife. "And I don't plan on taking the time for you to take your 

clothes off either!"



With one slash of Her knife my bra fell away, exposing my milky white breasts. 

my nipples, always hard to train, were not hard at all, and it was this that 

caught Mistress' attention first. "What beautiful breasts, but those tits of 

yours should be much harder for Your Mistress, you little slut." Mistress 

reached down and grabbed one of my huge pink nipples. Without warning, She 

painfully twisted and pulled at the same time, making me gasp in pleasure and 

pain. Out of Her goody bag came an evil looking pair of nipple clamps, and they 

were quickly attached to my soft nipples. i held my breath as She made them 

tighter and tighter, making my nipples harder with each twist. 



"That's much better. I do hope that your cunt is better behaved and is ready for 

Me." Mistress remarked. "Which we shall find out right now. you better hold 

still, I wouldn't want to cut that fuck-loving cunt of yours before I've even 

had a chance to use it."



Seconds later i felt a cold steel blade pressed against the inside of my right 

thigh. it slid from right to left, opening the crotch of my shorts and exposing 

my puffy cunt lips. my wetness glistened on Mistress' blade, and She held it to 

my mouth. "Lick your dirty cunt cream off of this NOW!" Mistress yelled, 

slapping me lightly in the face. i eagerly lapped at the cream until Her blade 

was shiny. "don't even think about getting anything else on My new knife when I 

cut the rest of these shorts off of your whore ass. I am sure you wouldn't want 

to have to lick it clean then, would you bitch?" Mistress angrily inquired.



"No Mistress," i shakily replied.



Mistress placed Her hand in the small of my back and i felt the cold blade go 

down, cutting the shorts while the dull side slid down the crack of my ass. With 

a final cut, my shorts were thrown onto the floor and my naked body was 

completely exposed.



"Now for the real fun, my whore," Mistress breathed into my ear. A line of 

string was tied around the chain of the nipple clamps, and it was run under the 

length of the coffee table and retied to the chain. Any movement to try and get 

up would painfully yank my nipples taut. This is exactly what happened when my 

pussy lips were stretched open by Mistress and clamped with clothespins. She 

inserted a gloved finger into my cunt and said, "Oh, you ARE a whore, aren't 

you? your cunt is already quite wide, but I shall make it even wider!" 



i shook in anticipation and tried to ram my drenched pussy back onto Her finger, 

only to be admonished by a stinging spank on my ass. "This is what I have really 

been waiting for," Mistress Christianna replied as She spread my ass cheeks 

apart and slowly worked Her cream-soaked finger into my ass. "Oh God, your ass 

IS like a virgin's, isn't it? I'm going to fuck that virgin ass of yours until 

it will take whatever I want to put in it." Mistress punctuated this last remark 

with a few good spanks.



"Yes Mistress, Your whore wants to be fucked like the slut she is. Please 

Mistress!" i begged, wanting to feel Her inside of me. 





Chapter Two



Mistress stood before me and reached down into Her bag. my eyes widened as 

Mistress pulled out Her tremendous strap on, bigger than any i'd ever had used 

on me before. She laughed when She saw the look on my face and merely said, "you 

are the one who asked for it whore!" She attached Her cock around Her waist and 

grabbed me by the back of my head. "Now suck it bitch," She commanded.



i tentatively put my lips around Her cock, and slowly started to stroke it back 

and forth with my mouth. Her grip tightened in my hair as She started to fuck my 

mouth, driving the head of Her cock deep into my throat. "This is how you will 

suck My cock My sweet little whore," Mistress Christianna growled, slamming it 

all the way to it's hilt, producing a gag from me.



"yes Mistress," i mumbled around Her dick and did as She had ordered. i sucked 

Her cock as hard as i could, ramming my head almost into Her belly from the 

force of it. "that's a good little slut," Mistress moaned, reaching over my back 

and digging Her fingers into the flesh of my ass. i groaned as i felt one of Her 

fingers enter my ass and reamed it back and forth. my juices started flowing 

from my pussy, running down the inside of my thighs to the table below.



"I see you are ready for me," Mistress said softly, looking at the mess on the 

table. She ripped Her finger loose from my ass, making me moan at the sudden 

emptiness. Mistress strode around behind me and placed the head of Her cock at 

the base to my pussy. i lunged backward to capture it between my cunt walls, but 

Mistress deftly stepped aside and slapped my ass hard. "I also see that you are 

going to make this difficult, but I can fix that," Mistress replied. She quickly 

pulled a length of rope from the confines of Her bag, and in no time had me tied 

spreadeagled on the table, my feet flat on the floor tied to the table legs, my 

arms outstretched, my head hanging over the edge exposing my bare neck.



"Now this I cannot resist," Mistress said, walking to my head and lowering Her 

sweet pussy to my lips. i did not have to be told twice, and eagerly lapped at 

the cream coming out of Her moist snatch. Mistress moaned and started to slowly 

buck Her hips as i slid my tongue up and down the length of Her slit, dipping 

into Her hole to taste Her honey. She left my face all too soon, and moved 

around to kneel in front of my parted legs. Kneeling put Her cock right the 

opening to my cunt, and my juices were running down the crack of my ass already.



i screamed as Her cock slammed into my juicy fuck hole without warning. She 

filled me to the hilt and started fucking me harder than i had ever been fucked 

before, pulling it almost all the way out before slamming Her cock back in. my 

nipples started to bounce back and forth and Mistress Christianna grabbed them 

both, squeezing them hard. "ahhhh, if only I could feel your cunt around my cock 

you little bitch," Mistress groaned, "But I know something I can feel your nasty 

pussy with!"



Mistress Christianna roughly pulled Her cock from my dripping cunt and replaced 

it with Her fingers....one, then two, then three and finally four..."you fucking 

slut, I had better get the rest of My hand in or you will be in more trouble 

than you bargained for," She growled at me and i could only moan. Mistress 

started working Her fingers in and out, my cream covering Her more with each 

stroke. Finally, She broke through and Her whole hand and wrist were inside. i 

moaned louder, and my pussy started to spasm from the fullness. my cream was 

dripping all over Mistress' hand and wrist as She started to fist my whore 

pussy, first slowly, then with increasing speed and depth. i started to scream 

as i felt my pussy contract and expand with each thrust - it was an amazing 

feeling, how full my cunt was.



"oh Mistress, please may i cum?" i begged, writhing on the table before Her.



"Of course not, my cunt," She replied, slapping my face. "you know that only 

after I cum do you get to."



"yes Ma'am," i moaned. i was ready to explode.



"Besides, I have had enough of this," Mistress Christianna said, withdrawing Her 

hand from within my depths. i moaned at the complete emptiness left in my cunt. 

Mistress untied me and told me to get on the floor doggy style, and i quickly 

obeyed. She had me with my ass high in the air, and told me to lay my head and 

arms flat on the floor. as i did so, i felt Her kneel behind me and position the 

head of Her huge cock to my ass. "Ready to be broken in bitch?" Mistress asked 

as She doused Her dick and my ass with a liberal coating of Anal Eaze...."you 

better be, and you better relax quickly," She answered for me.



i relaxed my ass as quickly as i could as i felt Her press against my puckered 

opening. it started to expand and i slowly breathed until She had completely 

entered my ass. "I can barely even pull it out because you're so tight, you 

fucking slut. God I'm going to love fucking you." Mistress breathed as She 

carefully started to pump my virgin ass. i relaxed more and more and soon 

Mistress was ramming Her cock home in my ass, harder and faster with each 

thrust. All of a sudden, She stopped. i felt Her doing something, but had no 

idea what it was until She stood up and came to stand in front of me - She had 

unbuckled Her strap on and left it sticking in my ass.



"Time for you to be the really nasty bitch you are, heather," Mistress said. i 

knew what was next. "Call him."



"Here Pooh," i called. he came and stood beside me, looking at me with what 

seemed a puzzled look on his face. i slowly started to stroke his cock, and it 

came out of his sheath quickly. it was not all that long, but his knot was an 

impressive 4" round at least. Mistress pulled Pooh behind me and helped him to 

enter my cunt - now i had both holes filled. god it felt good to have that 

doggie cock in me....



Mistress laid before me and parted Her legs. "Eat it my sweet whore, until I 

cum," She groaned, grabbing my hair and dragging my face to Her lovely pussy. 

Her grip on my hair tightened as i started to eat Her pussy eagerly. Her cream 

tasted delicious! i soon felt Pooh's knot banging against my cunt lips, seeking 

to gain entrance to my fuck hole. He thrust harder and harder, sending my face 

deeper into Mistress' cunt. She was moaning loudly and would soon be 

cumming.....i felt Pooh's knot break into my pussy and i started to scream into 

Mistress' pussy as She ground Her cunt against my face, cumming all over it. She 

sounded so beautiful when She came, i wish i had seen Her face! "Ohhhh," She 

sighed, starting to stroke my hair softly. 



meanwhile, Pooh had neared his end and i felt his doggy jism squirting deep into 

my womb. He was completely tied with me. i felt so nasty, but it felt so fucking 

good! i started to moan.



"oh god, oh god, please Mistress, i want to cum so badly," i cried, begging Her 

for release.



"I guess you will have to wait until Pooh becomes untied from you, won't you?" 

She replied. 



"Yes Mistress," i cried softly, needing to cum so badly.



After a few minutes, i felt Pooh start to deflate and he soon popped out. As he 

did, doggy cum ran out of my cunt and onto the floor. 



"Looks like your snatch is plenty wide to take whatever I want it to now, 

judging by the amount of cum that came out," Mistress remarked, glancing at the 

puddle on the floor. "I shall have to keep that in mind!"



"yes Ma'am," i replied.



"Now, how badly do you want to cum whore?" She asked, as She gently withdrew Her 

strap on from my ass.



i started to beg Mistress Christianna. "please Mistress, Your whore wants to cum 

so badly for You. Please fuck Your slut Mistress, fuck Your slut's cunt until 

she screams."



"you make quite a convincing argument, my good little whore." Mistress said. 

"Flip back over for Me."



i quickly complied with this new order as Mistress went into the bathroom and 

cleaned Her strap on. She returned with it on and slowly entered my pussy.



"oooooooooooooooooo," i breathed, and Mistress started to rock back and forth 

while quietly speaking into my ear.



"you're the best fuck I have had in a while, my sweet little whore. I will so 

enjoy sharing you with all my friends, letting them use you as they please. 

Maybe I will even charge them a small fee that we could use to get you some more 

whore clothes for when I take you out. you please me very much," She continued 

as i felt my orgasm starting to build.



"Please Mistress, may i cum please?" i begged.



Mistress Christianna pulled Her cock out of my oozing snatch and said, "you may, 

but I want to see you squirt like you have bragged about. play with your clit 

whore, and cum for Me!"



i reached down and started to twirl my clit between my fingers, my legs wide 

open and my cunt exposed. Mistress pulled my glistening pussy lips apart and 

held them open, so my cunt was completely open. i started over the brink and 

exploded when She trailed a finger lightly down my slit. i screamed as my juices 

squirted out, covering Her hand and the floor. i was so so spent, but i still 

had to clean up my mess - just like the good little whore i am for Mistress. 



"That's my good little girl," Mistress cooed as i lapped up the mess my cunt had 

left behind. As i finished up and crawled over to Her, She took me into Her arms 

and held me tight, kissing my closed eyes as i completely relaxed in Her 

embrace. "Thank You Mistress," i said softly, looking into those deep eyes of 

Hers. "i love You," i murmured, holding Her tight.



"and I you, my sweet little slut," Mistress replied, kissing the top of my head. 

"you have pleased me beyond my expectations."



i smiled sleepily and watched as She gathered Her things to leave - or so i 

thought. we still had a few hours left to play, maybe there'd be more, i 

hoped.....







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Slave Heather


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





