BDSM Library - A Husband's Revenge




A Husband's Revenge
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: S/M, B/D, Hetero sex, Wife sharing






A Husband's Revenge





I got home early from work that day, and let myself in as usual. I was just 

about to call out to let Meg know I was home when I heard a soft cry from 

upstairs that froze me in my tracks. I'd heard that moan before, and I knew only 

one thing that could bring it about!



I slipped off my shoes and crept upstairs, mindful of the fourth stair that 

creaked. I tiptoed to the bedroom door, which was closed, as I'd expected it to 

be, judging by the moans and sighs that got louder as I came up the stairs. I 

didn't bother with the keyhole. Instead I went into the spare room, unlocked the 

cupboard. Meg didn't know about this, of course! I switched on, and the small 

screen came to life, showing me what was going on in the bedroom; I'd hidden the 

camera some while ago, curious to see how Meg wanked, as she'd never agree to do 

it while I watched.



Now I saw her on the bed with Jeff; he was giving it to her big time. And she 

was loving it, the slut! He bounced on top of her, grunting, and she was 

squealing and panting, clutching him, crying out for more. The bitch had never 

once begged me for more! I was furious, shaking with anger against them both. 

How long had this been going on? How long had my brother been fucking my wife? I 

left the camera to record, locked the cupboard and went quietly downstairs, 

putting my shoes on again and going out quietly. I had to decide what to do 

about them both, but I was too angry to think straight just then.



I went for a long walk, my mind seething, turning over plans for revenge, 

rejecting them as unsuitable: if I shot them how would I get away with it? 

Besides, I didn't own a gun and I didn't know anybody who did: not that I 

supposed that they'd lend me it even if I did. (This is where real life falls 

short of stories! No convenient pistols lying around to go off by accident, no 

shops where I could buy a couple of sticks of dynamite over the counter.)



I walked off my first fury, calming down a bit, though not any less determined 

to get back at them both. Maybe I could fuck Tracy - Jeff could hardly complain, 

could he? He'd started the fucking-the-sister-in-law routine! But I didn't want 

to fuck Tracy. Or I did, but not as revenge. I wanted both of those cheating 

bastards to know it when I took my revenge on them. I wanted them to know, and 

to suffer: merely fucking Tracy wouldn't be enough to get back at Jeff - unless 

he knew it, of course.



But why involve her? She couldn't help what her husband was. Maybe I could...



It was very late when I got home the second time. Meg greeted me, kissing me as 

normal; I wanted to hit the bitch. Not a trace of guilt or remorse for what 

she'd done! I didn't fuck her that night; I couldn't bear even to touch her, 

certainly not in the same bed that she'd been fucked by him.



I left early for work the next morning, not exchanging more than a dozen words e 

with her. I had a rough day at work; I couldn't tell anyone, of course - they 

probably know all about it, and would laugh at me for only just having found it 

out! Besides, it's not the sort of thing you can discuss with workmates, is it? 

"Oh, by the way, I caught my brother fucking my wife last night. " No, I 

wouldn't tell anyone. I'd keep it to myself, hugging it close, so that, when I 

acted, the revenge would be all the sweeter.



I got home late that night, too, and went o check the video recorder. Yep, 

they'd been at it again; I watched her sucking his prick, watched her bend over 

so he could give it to her from behind, watched the bitch wriggle and jerk with 

pleasure as he fucked her doggy-style, I didn't fuck her that night, either, or 

all the rest of the week. By the weekend, I'd made up my mind what I was going 

to do with her; I still had to decide what to do with him. Saturday was fine and 

sunny. I suggested a drive in the country, and she agreed. She said that I 

seemed to have gone off it lately, and maybe it would do me good to fuck al 

fresco. I had a few things packed in the boot of the car, ready for this event. 

She packed a picnic and, with a knowing smile, a blanket. Then we set out. I 

knew where I was going to take her; I had the perfect spot in mind. I drove us 

by a roundabout route, and she relaxed and enjoyed the trip, Enjoy it while you 

can, I thought.



I parked up and we got out, I carrying the basket, Meg holding the blanket. I 

strolled along, Meg beside me, apparently wandering aimlessly, but I knew 

exactly where I was going. We reached a small clearing, out of sight and hearing 

of the road. There was a fallen tree lying at an angle, a patch of sunlight. 

"This looks a nice place," Meg said, looking around appreciatively. She spread 

the blanket and we sat, and ate and drank in silence. Then she stretched, lay 

back on the blanket, her eyes half-closed, looking up at me, smiling. "And what 

happens now?" she teased.



"You might be surprised," I said, forcing a smile.



She laughed and reached for me. I went with it, forcing myself to kiss her, to 

fondle her. Slowly I undressed her, baring her tits and belly, fondling them 

slowly. She resisted, but only for form's sake - she knew as well as I did that 

we were far from the road. I slowly stripped her naked, she smilingly 

protesting, but not hindering me. Then I fucked her, for the first time since 

I'd found out about Jeff. She clung to me, the slut, moaning and gasping as I 

let her have it, forcing myself not to be rough with her - that would come 

later. We rested for a while, she wearing only my shirt, opened widely. I looked 

at her, and decided that it was time. I returned her kisses, let her draw me 

down to her. Then I took her wrists, pulled them over her head and pinned them 

down with one of mine. "Steve?" she said, startled. She tried to pull her hands 

free but couldn't - even with only one hand I was stronger than her.



"I feel like playing games," I said, and she smiled and relaxed; we'd often 

played games before. So when I pulled the cord out of my back pocket and tied 

her wrists she shivered, but didn't protest - this wasn't a new game, though 

we'd never played it out of doors before. But when I pulled her to her feet and 

led her by the cord to the fallen tree, she held back; I pulled sharply, and she 

stumbled after me, asking me what I thought I was doing. I didn't bother to 

answer; she'd find out soon enough! I tied the other end of the cord to the 

fallen tree, making sure that the cord was out of her reach - unless she climbed 

the tree naked with her hand tied! She wasn't enjoying this any more; she 

demanded to know what I thought I was doing, demanded that I untie her this 

instant.



"Or what?" I said, and she was silent, suddenly realising the position she was 

in. I fetched the blanket and laid it down for her to sit on. The cord was long 

enough for her to sit; it was long enough for her to lie down, I'd made sure of 

that! Then I packed the basket, putting all her clothes in it. She was 

wide-eyed, frightened.



"What are you doing, Steve?" she whispered. "Surely you're not going to leave me 

like this!" she cried out as I stood and began to walk away. "You can't leave me 

like this!"



"No?" I said. "Who's to stop me?" and she bit her lip.



"Why, Steve?" she wheedled.



I turned to face her. "Jeff," was all I said, but she coloured hotly, betraying 

herself. "You're a slut," I told her. "So I'm going to leave you here, like 

this, for a while."



"I'll scream!" she warned.



I laughed. "Scream all you like, slut. What do you think will happen to you if 

men hear you, and find you like that? What do you think they'll do to you? Untie 

you and lend you their coat and the fare home?"



She gaped at me, slowly realising what I meant. Then she burst into tears. "You 

can't leave me like this!" she wept.



"Just watch me," I said, and walked off.



She cried out, but not too loudly, I noticed! I went back to the car, left he 

basket, took out the things I'd left in the boot, and went back to the clearing. 

She gasped with relief when she saw it was me - she'd obviously heard my 

footsteps and feared the worst. But I made no move to untie her. Instead, I took 

out the sign I'd prepared, and showed it to her before I hung it prominently on 

view.



"No," she cried. "No, you can't!" The sign read: 'I am a slut who was caught 

cheating on my husband. He left me here to be punished. Do what you like with 

me. I deserve it. ' "No, please no," she begged, weeping, on her knees on the 

blanket. "Please don't do this! I'm sorry!"



"Too late," I told her, taking another item out of the bag. She threw her head 

back, sobbing in misery when she saw the stout leather strap. I beat her with 

it. She sobbed and rolled at my feet, grovelling, begging for mercy. I only gave 

her five strokes; then I left the strap hanging beside the sign. The marks in 

her flesh would be evidence that it had already been used on her; that would let 

people know that it could be used again, if they wanted to. She called out, 

sobbing, as I left her. I walked noisily away, then crept back to the place I'd 

marked when I'd selected this place two days ago. I settled down, got out the 

video camera, and waited. I knew that I wouldn't have to wait for long - it was 

a long way to the road - from the way we'd come. It wasn't so long from the 

other direction - and there was a well-marked pathway close by. I knew that 

someone would come along before very long. And what they did then was up to 

them. She tried to break the cord, tried to rub it against the rough bark, even 

tried to bite it loose; she remained perfectly secure. She huddled on the 

blanket, legs drawn up, miserable; she knew she couldn't release herself; she'd 

have to wait for me - or another - to come along and hope that I - or he - would 

deign to free her.



I heard footsteps a way off; I straightened in anticipation, got the camera 

ready. I could tell when she heard them; she moaned and curled up even tighter, 

though she couldn't help but look out to see who was approaching. She didn't 

know if it was me - the footsteps came from a different direction to the one I'd 

gone off it, but that didn't mean much. I could have circled, to throw a scare 

into her when I came back. I wondered if she knew there was more than one person 

approaching, to judge by the footsteps.



I lifted the camera when I saw the men get very near. They walked along the path 

casually, chatting; they would have walked right past if one of them hadn't 

happened to glance aside in passing. He stopped dead, exclaiming aloud in shock. 

The other stopped, turned to see what the matter was - and he saw her, too. 

"What the fuck?" he said softly, stunned by what he saw. They went closer; I 

started the camera as they stopped close to her, looking down at her, their 

faces disbelieving. She buried her face in her knees, trembling, bright scarlet 

with shame as they looked down at her, not speaking. They looked at her, then at 

the sign, at the strap, at the marks on her body; then they looked at each 

other. Both were aroused, which was to b e expected. And they were both going to 

do something about it, I hoped.



"You cheated on your husband?" the first man demanded. She didn't answer, didn't 

move, except that her shivering increased. He crouched and took a handful of her 

hair, forcing her head up. She was weeping, terrified, I was glad to see. "You 

cheated on your husband?" he repeated, crouching down beside her, his hand in 

her hair. She shook her head a little, too frightened to do more. She cried out 

as he slapped her face with his other hand. I could clearly see the mark on her 

cheek. "You cheated on your husband?" he said again; when she hesitated, he 

lifted his hand warningly.



"Yes," she burst out. "Yes!"



"And he left you here to be punished. And it looks like someone's made a start," 

he added, indicating the strap marks on her body. She shuddered. "And you're a 

slut who deserves anything that's done to you, are you?" He slapped her face 

again, three times, until she cried.



"Yes! Please don't hit me any more!"



He thrust her back to the blanket and straightened. "Maybe. Maybe not. " He 

turned to the other man, who was watching open-mouthed. "Shall we?" he asked, 

indicting her with a jerk of his head. For answer, the other pulled a coin from 

a pocket and spun it. "Heads!" the first man called, and they both looked at the 

coin and laughed. The first man stepped back, the other man stepped forward, to 

the edge of the blanket. He looked down at her.



"Get on your back and open your legs, slut," he told her.



"Please," she whimpered. He thrust her down with the sole of his boot; she lay 

still, his boot on her chest, between her tits.



"Don't argue, slut. When you're told to do something, do it. " He took his boot 

off her, thrust it between her legs and forced them wide open. When he took his 

boot away, she stayed perfectly still; she shuddered as he reached for his 

zipper, got his prick out. He got between her legs, lowering himself on to her; 

she turned her fact aside [towards me, luckily, so I could get her reactions on 

film]. I could tell when he penetrated her, and I enjoyed her expressions very 

much as he pumped and poked into her, fucking her strongly, thrusting heavily 

between her thighs. He didn't take long to come. When he got off her, the first 

man stepped forward again.



"What's she like?"



The other man shrugged. "A cunt is a cunt," he said. "This one's nothing 

special. Find out for yourself!"



"I will," the first man said, and did so, fucking her with equal strength and 

vigour. Her face creased up as he rose and fell on top of her; she bit her lip 

hard, tears in her eyes. He got off her before long. "You're right," he agreed. 

"Nothing special."



The second man took down the strap, holding it thoughtfully. "Maybe we can do 

something about that," he said. "The strap wasn't left here by accident."



The first man gulped. "You'd use it on her?"



"That's why it was left here," the second man said. "And someone's used it on 

her already. Maybe they had the same problem we have, and found the same answer. 

Maybe the strap will make her a better fuck. We've nothing to lose by trying!" 

He turned to her; she was on her knees, begging not to be struck, in tears as 

she begged for mercy.



Her submissiveness turned me on; it did the same for the other two men, I could 

see that. The more she begged, the more she made them want to do it to her. The 

second man found the other end of the cord and untied it; he tied it much lower, 

giving her much less slack. Then he took the strap off the other man and swished 

it experimentally through the air. She shuddered, weeping. He beat her slowly, 

strongly, enjoying himself immensely. The sight of her marked body and the sound 

of her sobs and pleas obviously delighted him; the blows became harder, quicker. 

Then he threw the strap down, grabbed her, forced her to the blanket and raped 

her brutally, bouncing on top of her as he forced her to pay of exciting him so 

much. She sobbed and twisted, but was utterly helpless. As soon as he got off 

her the other man leaped on top of her, raping her with equal brutality. His 

hand over her mouth held back her shrieks and sobs as she felt herself being 

violently fucked, savagely invaded. When he too got off her she curled up, 

sobbing, shaking. I felt no sympathy for the cheating slut - she was only 

getting what she deserved, the bitch.



"We'd better shut her up before anyone else hears her," the first man said. With 

a handkerchief and a length of cord, cut off the main tether, they gagged her 

firmly.



"Aww, now she can't suck," the second man complained.



"She will, later," the other promised. "We just gag her with our pricks. Until 

we're ready to have her suck us off, that'll keep her quiet."



Over the next several hours, they raped her repeatedly, in many different ways, 

making her assume various positions. The camera had long run out of tape, but I 

was too busy watching to care. I had an erection the size of my forearm by this 

time; there was an exquisitely pleasurable torture in not being able to wank off 

without being overheard; I had to hang on to my arousal for the time being. She 

was lashed several times - each time she dared protest at their orders. Soon I 

was pleased to note that she obeyed them as soon as they spoke. Her body was 

covered in the marks of the strap - even her tits and inner thighs were striped.



They took her from behind, making her put her head to the blanket, her arse up 

in the air for their convenience, fucking her doggy-style, deeply and quickly 

thrusting to their orgasms. Then the first man knelt behind her again, his prick 

ready to invade. When he spread her buttocks, both she and I realised what his 

target was going to be; she whimpered, wriggling, trying to break free of his 

grasp. He held her tightly, pushed the tip of his prick to her hole, then 

suddenly, savagely, rammed inwards. She jerked wildly; her scream was muffled by 

the gag, but it reached me clearly. He raped her arse heavily, panting as he 

rode her with increasing force until he came. The other man had to bugger her 

then, of course - he was as brutal, as rough as the first man had been - more 

so, in fact, because watching her being arse-raped had turned him on even more. 

He bounced violently on top of her, grunting and panting as he came. She fell to 

her side, sobbing, shuddering, blood on her thighs where her other virginity had 

been ripped from her.



The men rested. Then she was lashed again, for protesting at being buggered. 

When they told her to kneel again and present her arse for fucking, she did so 

without demur; she tamely accepted their buggery, and that abject acceptance was 

even more exciting than her previous resistance had been. They'd taught her to 

obey, to submit to their demands. They were dominating her, and she was 

submitting. While they were engrossed in her arse, I stole away to a safe 

distance and wanked furiously, jerking off heavily, the picture of her on her 

knees, on of them up her arse as I came.



When I crept back, they were both fucking her, riding her cunt and arse 

together, jerking her between them as they fucked and buggered. Halfway through 

they changed places, again fucking and buggering her until they chose to stop - 

which wasn't soon! As a finale, they ungagged her and raped her mouth, holding 

her on their pricks with both hands while they thrust in and out. She squirmed 

on her knees, choking, gasping for breath as their pricks shoved down her 

throat. When the second man had come, he made her swallow, then thrust her to 

the first man, who raped her mouth without ceremony, also making her swallow.



Then they dressed themselves.



"If your husband asks, you'll tell him what we did to you, slut," the second man 

said. "He'll know you've been punished, by the marks on your body. But you'll 

tell him everything we did to you, and in detail. In fact... " He took down the 

sign, turned it over, and wrote on it. Then he replaced it. "There! That should 

give your husband all the information he needs to decide whether you've been 

adequately punished or not. If he thinks you haven't, he can always leave you 

out here again!" Laughing, they went off, well satisfied with themselves. I 

wondered what they'd written on the sign. I hoped they'd left at least their 

phone numbers! I didn't think they'd mind repeating themselves at some future 

date!



After a while, I stepped out of cover. She turned her head quickly, and fell 

when she saw me. She was still gagged, still helplessly bound, and her body gave 

ample evidence that she'd been well disciplined. I stepped over her, took the 

sign down and read it. It detailed what they'd done o her, hoped that they'd 

given her sufficient cause to regret her cheating on me, and said that they'd be 

around the same time next week - if needed. There was no phone number, but there 

was the promise of future contact. Which might be amusing. I untied her, 

ungagged her. She wrapped herself in the blanket, clutching it to her, shaking, 

as much from shock as from cold.



"Did you enjoy the experience?" I asked her.



"I'm sorry, I'm sorry," she wept. "Please don't punish me any more. I'm sorry!"



"Maybe you'd like to repeat the experience another time?" I asked, and she fell 

to her knees at my feet, sobbing. I looked down; she looked good like that, 

kneeling at my feet, humble and submissive. I thought I'd keep here there. It 

was where a slut like her belonged - at my feet, helpless and knowing it. "We're 

going home," I told her. "But you're already where you belong. At my feet, 

humble, submissive, subdued, tame. That's where I'm going to keep you from now 

on, slut - at my feet."



"Please," she whimpered.



"Of course, I could always tie you up again and leave you here for a few more 

hours," I mused. "Or even overnight. Or maybe even longer than that."



"No, please," she wept. "Don't do that to me again, please!"



"Kiss my feet, then," I told her. "Kiss my feet and beg me to keep you on your 

knees at my feet, totally dominated. " She hesitated; then, with a sob, she bent 

forward and kissed my feet. I nearly came on the spot! "Beg," I demanded 

roughly.



"I beg to be kept on my knees at your feet," she wept. "Kept totally dominated. 

Please don't leave me here again! I beg to be totally dominated!"



"Beg to be my slave," I ordered harshly.



She wept. "I - I beg to be your slave," she sobbed. I threw back my head and 

laughed in triumph.



"I will, slut," I promised her. "Oh, I most certainly will! And if you ever get 

out of line, I'll bring you back here and leave you for them - yes, slut, I can 

get in touch with them; I can have them do all of it to you again. And again and 

again!" She kissed my feet in terror, abjectly begging me not to, promising 

almost hysterically to obey me, to be good. I wanted to fuck her. But first I 

wanted to get her clean. So I snapped my fingers at her as I turned away. 

"Follow me, slave. " And she did, following me back to the car. I made her get 

into the back, made her lie down, told her to stay there until we got home. I 

drove home in a very good mood; I was very pleased with myself. I'd got even 

with her - now all I had to do was to find a way to get even with him.



But that could come later. For now, I had a slave to train and I was looking 

forward to it very much.





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Helena Troy


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





