BDSM Library -  A Christmas Eve Date




 A Christmas Eve Date
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  Fantasy, Bondage, Male dominant






A Christmas Eve Date





Sally sat, forlorn and sad, alone except for her parents in their home on the 

west side of the city on Sycamore Place. She was eighteen and had no steady or 

even infrequent boyfriend.



She felt downhearted and cheerless. Here she was dressed alone in a plain and 

skimpy white gown that skirted her wide hips barely letting the tip of virginal 

white cotton panties showed. It seemed a waste even to her. She shook shoulder 

length dusty blond hair that framed a common shallow face of minute interest.



Employed at the Acme Realty office as a clerk secretary she was prim, efficient 

and accurate. Anywhere else she went, she ached with shyness, fear and 

uncertainty.



She planned college next semester with the meager profits of her job. With any 

luck she could learn some more marketable skill and be good enough at it to earn 

a comfortable living.



Being intelligent Sally realized by the time she was six that Daddy was Santa 

Claus. She wondered about God and country entertaining doubts and trying to 

ascertain sufficient evidence. Some things she was certain of such as OJ Simpson 

complicity in his wife's violent death.



Shivering under the beige covers she turned on her electric blanket as a scant 

but necessary comfort for her young flesh. Outside a wicked Northeaster 

blustered and blew. Only a madman would travel in such weather.



Of course Santa is, will be and was sane. Far saner than any man in fact. But 

then again he was not a man. Santa established himself eons ago on some 

supernatural plane and possessed complex moods, beliefs and patterns. He 

materialized on this earthly plane on mere whim and his own will and belief. 

Self-desire and conviction made him do as he wished. Circumstances shaped his 

results. Toys for children. Fun and lust. For himself and for others too.



Others imposed their will too on him but that is another tale. Santa preferred 

to enjoy what he had without useless worries.



Santa maintained neither love or hate in his soul. Cynicism and kindness did not 

trouble his dreams or his ways. He was as he was for reasons clearer in a dream 

or an astral journey. He lurks near the heart of humanity but he does not share 

its plebian nature.



Smiling as he always did, he folded his long list and descended into Sally's 

house via the chimney of course. Emerging sootless and pristine from its narrow 

confines, he left a present or two. Children knew instinctively which presents 

were Santa's. Adults conveniently forgot and pretended Uncle Ed or Aunt Jen had 

given them something unexpected.



Climbing the silent winding stairs and past the snoring doors, he opened Sally's 

and observed her muffled timid form. Used to truly genuine feminine pulchritude, 

he shuddered at her plainness. Still he was Santa and a job had to be done. 

Besides her tits had great potential and the face could be covered if need be.



Quickly stripping away her blankets and sheets, he secured her frail hands 

behind. Capturing her ankles he soon had them on a short rope to her wrists and 

her back arching in a lovely bow. Amazing how it improved her posture and 

appeal. Properly prepped for transportation in a sexy hogtie, she stirred and 

blinked in disbelief at her jailer.



Santa ripped off her panties and stuffed them deep into her throat where they 

would stay with several strands of rope around her cheeks. Sally gasped some but 

had little else to say, surprised and paralyzed with fear as she was.



To keep her occupied during her long trip, Santa crossed her crotch with a rope 

from wrists to neck. The rope continued around her neck and over her back to her 

knees. Any slight movement affected her bottom rubbing her asshole and vagina 

and she had to wiggle with her back straining as it did and her breathing 

partially choked. Sally quickly commenced to pant excitedly, fully awake and 

aroused as Santa fondled her scrumptious revealed tits and firm behind. She 

beamed up in stark alarm at the jolly fat man with her tits so impudently 

displayed.



Sally proved difficult to work with. Even now she preferred to believe that she 

dreamed. Santa knew as he knew all else of her virginal anxiety. So he pinched 

her fat ass to assure her of reality and showed her goggling eyes his enormous 

erection tenting his red trousers despite several layers of underwear, thick 

thermal leggings and trousers. Truly a tremendous Christmas gift for any pretty 

slut.



Sally swooned, overwhelmed with such a stupendous sight. She did not mind as 

much now as she would have as Santa hefted her lithe form up from the ruffled 

bed covers. He inspected her flat features at close range and gestured vaguely 

exasperated in a direction not visible. An elf, long nosed, short and wiry, 

appeared from mid-air dancing with impatient irritation.



"What now, boss?" he complained mildly.



"Make up and quick!"



The crooked nose elf inspected the limp unconscious girl. He detected the 

pleasant way her pert nipples poked her thin nightie from her brief exertions 

this night. "I'm an elf, not a wizard!" he snarled. "Sure there is potential but 

the effort will be major."



"Just do it or you won't get to see the reindeer games."



"Still it."



"Want me to get Mrs. Claus involved?"



The elf grumbled and reached into his many pouches and pockets clustered around 

his waist producing awls, screwdrivers, hammers, chisels, a red high heel, and 

finally some red lipstick. In seconds or hours (What is time with Santa? The 

clock did not move from midnight unless he wished it.), the elf finished his 

grim labors.



Bright dark red lipstick accented Sally's gag with matching shades on her large 

aureoles. Faint perfume wafted from her half-naked body. A different scent for 

asshole, armhole and back of the ear. Mascara and long lashes decorated her 

quivering eyelids. Rouge provided graceful shading and produced a striking , 

even lovely, face. A thin gold chain swept round her throat and dangled in her 

cleavage. Matching gold circled her wrists and ankles. She trembled vaguely on 

the verge of wakening. She had woken once in the middle of her transformation 

with the elf busy prodding her sensitive nipples but had feinted with the 

awesome sight of Santa's erection.



"Much better," said Santa abruptly dismissing the elf. "You may go, Ebenezer." 

The elf grunted and glowed with a purple aura before disappearing. Sally still 

pretended to be sleeping and Santa, busy as he was, tumbled her into his bag for 

later delivery rather than play with her.



"Hohohoand away we go! Go Donner! Go Blitzen! Away!"



On Third Street on the east side lived a nerd named Charlie in a small apartment 

that he rented while going to college. Not a bad guy, quite bright but timid. He 

needed desperately a quick fuck and then a live in girlfriend to keep his 

hormones from impotently raging.



Charlie and Sally both suffered low self-esteem and extreme shyness. Well it was 

Christmas Eve and Santa had a cure.



Sally, now more frightened than before, found herself being introduced to 

Charlie at 2 AM in a sort of weird, exotic Christmas Eve date. There she lay 

meekly on her back and hands with her knees propped open with a three-foot 

ornately carved pole from another world. Charlie's own hands were knotted to her 

own under her ass with his knees tied to her ankles on a short tether. Santa had 

secured her ankles touching her ass. This made her reluctant belly thrust upward 

at her back's agonized insistence.



Really she had no choice except to put out and be rather forward in her body 

language. It was rather embarrassing but exciting. She would never had put out 

on a first date but Santa rarely requested permission. She sighed trying to find 

a comfortable position to be fucked.



Charlie was inexperienced but a prick easily rises to the occasion and he 

thrusted automatically against her lush warmness. She found her terror had 

lubricated her well and the event had orgasmic potential. She bounced under 

Charlie who did all the work using her bent back like a spring.



Since Sally remained gagged with her panties, her many contrary arguments tended 

to be unclear and served to encourage rather than to discourage her unexpected 

horny date. Resistance on her part thrilled Charlie and energized his lust. 

Charlie groveled all over her as his mouth alternately popped one lush breast 

after another. Years of sexual repression peeled away as he buried his lips 

under her hair on the side of her neck.



Afterwards Santa placed them both in a large burlap bag and let them simmer 

together for the night entangled and locked in each other's limbs. Sally 

squealed through all the itchy burlap and soggy panties as Charlie chewed 

savagely on a proffered tender nipple.



Santa rubbed his bearded chin and brought out his own special list of naughty 

girls who Santa regularly visited as well as the constant new crop. Who was 

next? Anne it seemed. He hoped (and knew) her ass was behaving nicely. He would 

be back later to clean up or have a lazy elf do it. The new boy and girl friends 

would recall little other than hazy dreams and mysterious aches and urges. The 

night was infinite and its pleasures intriguing even now.



After the New Year, Charlie accidentally bumped into Sally on a Saturday at 

Borders in the occult section. Both had inquired into antique Santa lore and 

found themselves mutually attracted. Sally shuddered briefly in trepidation but 

followed Charlie meekly enough to his apartment bed officially to compare 

metaphysical notes. She only requested that her wrists be secured all night 

long.



She wore elegant, long gold chains and bright lipsticks now. Some habit that had 

blossomed she supposed. Then again she knew Santa dwelled in her heart and would 

never leave again. What would happen next Christmas Eve? Would Santa come again? 

She believed with certainly in her heart though cogent logic was lacking.



Dreams had haunted her nights for weeks of a huge fat man dressed in crimson. 

Little was clear except the impossible size and length of his cock. On Christmas 

Day she had awoke with an aching back and vagina with her wet panties wadded 

into a ball on the floor besides her bed. Her nightgown had been ripped and 

circled her waist exposing her sensitive breasts. She could have panicked and 

gone hysterical. Instead she considered her locked house door and windows and 

the protection of her aged parents. How could anything had happened? Who would 

have believed her?



Sally believed in Santa and was more certain than ever. The thought troubled her 

mind but electrified her soul. Does not every adult believe deep in their souls 

in Santa? Do you?





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Nic Romanschak


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





