BDSM Library - A Doctor's Visit




A Doctor's Visit
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Humiliation, Femdom






A Doctor's Visit





Struggling with the restraint around my neck, I turned my head to watch the 

nurse looking through the numerous cabinets on the wall. I could clearly see her 

slim waist and full but firm breasts that threatened to break through the fabric 

of the thin, white coat of hers. Quickly she turned around just as I realized 

that the smooth round shape of her behind did not show the familiar depressions 

of panties. But my excitement about the naked body of this beautiful nurse 

quickly diminished when her hazel brown eyes looked at me expectantly.



"Now we need a sperm sample to complete your physical, Mr. John Smith. But since 

you are supposed to remain restraint for another 15 minutes we have a little 

problem. You shouldn't have struggled so much against the shot you got a few 

minutes ago. I guess we're gonna have to do this the hard way."



With that the nurse tore off the rope that attached a loincloth to my otherwise 

already naked body and left me completely at her mercy: my feet and hands tied 

to the corners of the table. "I will release your right hand so you should be 

able to jerk off into this cup here." She held the cup in front of my penis and 

gave me an expectant look. Recalling the thought of her naked body my dick began 

to stiffen while I became utterly humiliated.



"Come on, I don't have all day," she remarked, bored. So I slowly pulled my hand 

towards my crotch which took considerable embarrassment "There we go and now get 

with it!" she commanded. Feeling my total nakedness and my face burning red with 

shame I worked myself up to a climax. "That's my boy," she cooed. But my 

struggle with the restraints on my other hand and feet when I spasmed plus my 

sheer humiliation did not give me much of a chance to build up to a big orgasm 

and so only a couple squirts plummeted into the cup. Once the nurse noticed 

this, she began to laugh.



"You whimp... I need the cup full - not just a drop. We'll have to try this 

again. Let's see what we can do with this pathetic little whimp. I'll call you 

Little Johnny from now on since I've never seen such a pathetic performance.



To prove my manhood I started stroking again. But she only slapped my hand and 

commanded, "Wait!" She tied my hand back to the side of the bed and I looked at 

her as she carefully selected on of the many creams out of the cupboard and put 

on some thick rubber gloves.



"What are you gonna do to me?" I asked with a curious mixture of anxiety and 

anticipation.



"Simple," she said, "I am going to help your little dick to do what I want it to 

do and the latex gloves I wear so I don't have to touch that rotten, filthy 

shaft of yours."



I swallowed and had only one thought: Cum for her so this humiliation would come 

to an end. Meanwhile she started toying with my dick - just giving it some 

light, teasing strokes. I started groaning... She immediately stopped and hit a 

switch underneath the table which caused the table and myself on it to sink 

slowly to the ground. Laying there, bound at her feet with a fully erect cock 

pointing at her, she lifted her left foot and brought her high, white heels to 

rest between my legs.



"If you can't cum right with your hands... maybe rubbing your dick against my 

heels will get me enough cum," she said in a low and intimidating voice. I 

immediately started rubbing my yearning cock alongside her smooth leather heels. 

When glancing up I saw that she had unbuttoned the top part of her coat and was 

playing with her beautiful voluptuous breasts. I was fascinated by the little 

chain she had connecting her two nipples. "I wear these so the fabric of my coat 

keeps rubbing against my nipples. The tingling sensation it causes reminds me 

why I'm here." I was just about to ask her why she was here when I saw a little 

smirk on her face. I blushed for I realized how pathetic I must look rubbing my 

dick against her heels while all tied up. But I had a worse problem... the shoes 

were so smooth that I couldn't rub my dick strong enough against it to cum.



Ashamed I asked, "Could we try something different? I can't cum this way."



"Well, how about you wet my heels then? They are a little dirty from your dick 

by now anyways and could use a good tongue."



With that, she placed her foot next to my face. Not believing myself, I started 

licking the topside of her shoe clean. Then she twisted her foot so I was facing 

the underside of her.



"Now, this is the part where your dick actually belongs... so I suggest you 

moisten that part very well." I feverishly licked the sole of her heel till it 

was dripping with my salvia. When I was done she stuck her pointed heel in my 

mouth and cooed "Kiss it as if it were my finger."



So I started sucking and kissing and moving my lips up and down her heels. "Very 

good" she said and retracted her foot. Sitting on a chair in front of me, she 

stretched out her leg and made the sole of her foot touch my dick. "Now you 

better get to work - I wanna see a show." I immediately started pumping and 

rubbing against the still-moist leather. It was rougher and soon I was moaning 

and hot. In the meantime, she had unbuttoned her entire coat.



I could see her full breasts and beautiful legs that were still covered by white 

stockings. Her hands were roaming over her body, obviously in heat because of 

the show I was giving.



All of a sudden, she opens her eyes. Apparently having decided that this had 

lasted long enough, she twists her foot and her heel that I had kissed minutes 

before starts to inch its way to my ass. That causes such an intense feeling 

that I start to climax.



Just before I start coming, though, the nurse pulls her foot away, leaving my 

dick jerking in the thin air and depriving me of the satisfaction that feeling 

against your dick when you spew off your cum.



Opening my eyes in anger I notice that the nurse has caught all my cum in her 

cup and inspects it carefully. Shaking her head slowly she tilts the cup and 

shows me a pool of cum. "This is barely half of what I wanted. What's wrong with 

your dick?"



I look away in shame, totally devastated. "Well, I guess I'll have to use every 

little bit I got... starting with this." She grabs my still half-erect dick and 

squeezes the remaining cum in her latex covered hand. Then she spreads it evenly 

over my cock making it a nice, smooth surface. She steps with one foot over my 

head, the open lab coat blocking my sight. I notice her slowly lowering herself 

onto my belly on which my exhausted cock was resting. In gentle moves she slides 

back and forth over my cock, her breathing becoming heavier and her strides 

faster and faster. It drives me almost wild knowing that her pussy is so close 

to my dick but I can't fuck her.



"Now, we'll use the bulk of the sperm." With that she steps up and takes the cup 

with my precious sperm filling half its capacity. "Pay attention" she commanded. 

"You mix this sperm to equal amounts with mineral oil and you have a very good, 

very sexy lubrican't."



She pours some mineral oil into the cup and then fetched a penis-like object 

with straps from the cupboard. It's my chin-dildo. She lifts my head and places 

the dildo on my chin. She then securely fastens the straps behind my head so 

that it cannot move from it's place. With a burning desire and anticipation, she 

pours then entire cup over the dildo, gently massaging the new lubrican't in. I 

feel some of my sperm running down my cheeks and some straight into my mouth 

where I get strangely turned on by the salty taste of my own cum. Without 

warning she sits on my face, but instead of sliding directly onto the dildo, she 

mounts me the reverse way. I soon notice that she wants me to lick her pussy 

while she can rub her clit up and down the shaft of the dildo. I begin to lick 

halfheartedly, still having my own cum in my mouth. After a couple unsatisfied 

moves she slaps my dick a couple times and start stroking it pretty hard. 

Between the muffed sounds of her thighs over my face I hear her say "C'mon, lick 

... or do I have to wake you up?." Getting turned on by the situation, I licked 

her as best as I could. Almost coming myself, she suddenly stops, gets up 

halfway and turns around, so that she is now facing my head.



Then she slowly lowers herself onto the dildo, screaming in pleasure "Lick me, 

Little Johnny, lick me fast." With that she danced on the dildo as if in trance. 

I had a tough time keeping up with her clit so that I could keep probing and 

darting and make her shiver. In a tremendous explosion, she comes, her body 

spasming like under electric shock, her face tense to the maximum... and then 

sudden relaxation and peace.



After a minute or so of her resting on my chin with the dildo still inside of 

her, she lifted herself from the shaft and drops her pussy on my mouth. As 

though it was the most natural thing in the world, she commands "Lick me 

clean!." A little puzzled at first, I was still hoping that she might let me 

fuck her so I obediently lick her outer lips and then probed into her vulva as 

far as I can reach, trying to lick up as much of my cum as I can. I was then 

told to clean the dildo with my tongue as well, which I obediently did. But 

instead of letting me fuck her, she buttons up her coat, tosses a sealable 

container towards me, and in a very business-like voice she says "Make another 

appointment when you have that cup filled. I could hardly squeeze myself on that 

dildo - and just because you can't shoot enough cum." With that she opened the 

door and left.





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  slave fox mulder


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





