BDSM Library - A Day at the Beach




A Day at the Beach
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  Hetero sex, D/s, B/D, Tickling






A Day at the Beach





I woke up in the morning to the smell of coffee under my nose.



"Good morning My Pet," He said to me.



I could see Him looking down at me smiling. It was a very sinister grin. I knew 

He had something planned.



He then said "I have to go to work for a little while and I'll see you when I 

get back."



"Yes Sir," I answered kind of hurt because we were supposed to spend the whole 

day together.



When I finally rolled out of bed an hour later there was a note written in my 

lipstick on the mirror. It read ' Today is your day. You may go to the beach.' 

We had a small very secluded stretch of beach in out backyard. I loved to go out 

there and sunbathe naked but would not dare with out permission. I put on my 

sheer pink sundress and gathered a few things and headed out to the beach. I 

walked through the newly remolded gate and was admiring how nice it looked with 

the fence that was put up. I also noticed that the tool box was still out here. 

So I made a mental note to remind Him about it. I laid out my blanket and took 

off my sundress and sat down.



I was sitting there just soaking in the sun. Feeling its warm rays beating down 

on me. It felt so warm and so inviting. I could feel myself starting to sweat so 

I decided to jump in the ocean to cool off a bit. As I was walking out of the 

water back to my blanket I noticed how turned on I was from swimming naked. I 

loved the feel of the waves breaking over my chest then falling down through my 

legs. It seemed like the waves had a mind of their own, making sure to just 

slightly hit my clit with each wave. I laid down on my stomach and just let the 

sun warm my body. It felt so good. Like I was just melting away. I was thinking 

about what would happen later. I had no Idea what He had planned originally 

before He got called into work. But I knew He would make up for it later. I 

decided to turn over and let the warmth of the sun beat down on my breasts. 

Before I laid back I applied sun screen so that I would be in top form for my 

Master if He needed me to be. I then spread my legs so I could feel the sun 

pushing its way inside of me. This felt so erotic. And I drifted off in my 

thoughts.



I was woken up by the feeling that someone was watching me. It was my Master. I 

looked up at Him and smiled.



"Stand My Pet," He told me and I did.



He led me down to the water by my nipples. He then told me to go in and make 

sure all the sunscreen was washed off because He did not want to feel anything 

but His fingers against my salty skin. I made sure I washed off all the sunblock 

and walked out to a waiting towel. I dried off and He put a blindfold on me. He 

guided me up the beach. Thoughts of what He was doing were fluttering through my 

head. I was thinking what was He going to do out here? There was nothing, so I 

thought, out here. There were all sorts of sounds that I had never heard before. 

All of this was going on all around me. He took my right wrist and pulled it up 

and the I heard a click. He then clicked in my left wrist and removed my 

blindfold. I was almost suspended between the two poles that was the gateway to 

the beach. He then told me to spread my feet out so that they reached the poles 

at the bottom. He walked over to the tool box and opened it and pulled out two 

more cuffs with chains on them to fasten my ankles to the poles. I now knew that 

it was not a tool box and it was left out there for a reason. When my ankles 

were attached to the poles I was barely standing on my tip toes.



He said to me "struggle all you like my pet, these poles are five feet in the 

ground and you are not going anywhere."



I watched as He reached up and clicked the chains at the top even tighter. Now I 

was completely suspended from these poles. He stood before me and looked at His 

handy work. I could tell by the grin on His face that he was really enjoying 

this. He ran His hands down over my shoulders and over my chest. Taking special 

care not to touch my nipples. Each time He did this they would stand out just a 

little bit more.



He looked at me and said "Did I give you permission to get excited?"



"No Sir," I answered.



"You know you will be punished for that," He replied.



"Yes Sir," I whispered.



He then reached down into the box again and pulled out what looked like a dildo 

on a stake.



He drove it into the sand below me and then lifted me up onto it and said 

"remember you are still going to be punished."



"Yes Sir," I gasped.



I barely got that out because I could not believe His mind was so imaginative to 

do what was happening at this moment. He then picked up a crop and started 

tapping my thighs with it. Every time He touched me with the crop I struggled 

not to move but to no avail. The more I moved the more the dildo would slide 

into me and He would reach down to push it further into the ground so it would 

only stay an inch and a half inside of me. I tried squeezing my muscles in my 

pussy to keep it pushed in, but He would not have it. He then ran the crop up my 

stomach and around each breast. Each time He circled my breast He would come 

closer and closer to my nipples, but yet still not touching them. "Snap," He hit 

my nipple with the end of the crop. It didn't hurt but it sent chills all 

through my body. He was snapping the crop from nipple to nipple, all quick 

little snaps.



I was trying to struggle to get free and He whispered in my ear again "there is 

no where for you to go my pet."



He removed the dildo that was placed in the ground and lifted it up to my lips.



"Stick out your tongue," He says.



I looked into His eyes to see if He was serious and He pushed the dildo onto my 

lips and into my mouth.



"Clean it off," He commanded and I did.



He then walked around behind me and "whack," I felt the crop across my right 

thigh. He ran His hand over where the crop had just been. He said that He could 

feel the heat from the sting of the crop. "Whack," He hit the other thigh.



"Can't play favorites," He said.



And He rubbed that spot too. He then moved the crop to my ass "whack, whack, 

whack, whack," He swung the crop again. I could feel the lines forming on my ass 

from where He had just dealt out my punishment.



"Thank you Sir for correcting me," I said.



Then He started running the crop up and down the inside of my thighs and across 

my open pussy lips. I could feel the small leather tip brush across my clit. 

Then "snap" against my clit. I jumped as much as the restraints would allow. I 

know He enjoyed this because He snapped the crop a few more times.



"Please Sir," I begged, "no more Sir please."



"Why my pet," He asks.



"Sir I need to cum please Sir," I answered. "Please Sir I am begging You, please 

let me cum Sir," I pleaded.



He then put down the crop and walked around in front of me and was running His 

hands all over my body, stopping to pinch my nipples.



He could see that my legs were beginning to shake and whispered in my ear "You 

may cum my pet when you are ready."



He continued to run His hands all over me and then down between my pussy lips 

and slowly sliding His fingers all thru my wetness. He got them wet enough to be 

able to slip His four fingers inside of me to find my g-spot. He could feel me 

at the brink of exploding and the reached out with His thumb and just lightly 

brushed my clit. That was all I could take. My head fell backwards as my body 

trembled and my pussy grasped onto His hand. I was cumming like I had never cum 

before. It was rushing out of my pussy all over His hand and down my leg. I 

looked down and I could see the puddle that had formed in the sand below me. 

Some of it was from me sweating but most was from me cumming and squirting. He 

reached down and undid my ankles. I was hanging there with my head on His 

shoulder. I knew once He undid my hands I would not be able to stand up. He 

balanced me in such a way that when He undid my hands, He was all that was 

holding me up. He carried me into the house and laid me down on the cool floor. 

It was a welcome cold all over me. With that He said that He would be right back 

and He walked out the door.



Some how I knew that this was not over. About an hour later He walked back into 

the house and order me to get up. I looked at Him giving Him a look to please 

let me rest. And He bent over and slapped my ass very hard and told me to get up 

again. With that I stood up and stood before Him with my eyes down and my hands 

folded behind my back. He then told me to go shower. And I did. As I was washing 

my hair and taking in the coconut essence from my shampoo, I started wonder what 

He has planned for the night. I knew we had no plans to go out. All I could 

think of was that He was going to use or do something that had never been done 

before. And this excited me. I could feel my stomach starting to twinge with 

anticipation. There were so many things that He had but had not been used on me 

yet. I could never imagine what He would do. He was always surprising me with 

something different. Just them I heard a knock at the bathroom door.



He asked, "Are you almost done?'"



"Yes Sir," I answered.



I didn't realize how long I had been in the shower. When I got out of the shower 

I saw my robe sitting there under the towel. I knew that this was what He wanted 

me to wear. I put it on and went and knelt down on the floor next to Him on the 

couch. He stood up and took me by the hand and led me to a room of the house 

that I had not been allowed to go into. He said it was a surprise.



We walked in and He had the candle burning already. He also had the champagne on 

ice. He walked over and poured three glasses of champagne. I looked at Him as to 

get and answer to why three glasses. But He avoided my look, and I knew not to 

ask.



He handed me a glass and said, "drink it all down."



I did as I was told. He refilled it and said the same thing. So I did. He took 

the glass from my hand and placed it on the table next to one of the candles. He 

picked up a collar that I had never seen before and placed it ever so gingerly 

around my neck. I saw a long chair hanging from it and wondered what it 

connected to. But I knew I would find out. I was told to remove my robe which I 

did. I felt the chain hanging down between my breasts. The coldness of it was 

making my nipples hard and taunt. I could tell He liked this by the approving 

smile on His face. He then took an ace bandage and wrapped my wrists together 

behind me. I was thinking 'ooohhhh this is nice, bound but yet still movement'. 

Then He picked up a roll of duct tape and secured my wrists even more. Now I had 

no movement at all. The next thing He picked up was a spread bar. He placed it 

at my ankles and attached it. First my right then my left. He could see that I 

had butterflies in my stomach by my shaking.



He looked into my eyes and said "You know you have nothing to worry about 

right?"



"Yes Sir, you know I trust you Sir," I answered.



"Good girl," He replied.



Then He placed a blindfold over my eyes. I could feel His hands exploring my 

body inch by inch. He was running His fingers over the chain that hung down to 

the floor. Then I felt the tension lift off the chain. I could feel it being 

pulled up over my head and then "click". He had connected it to a hook in the 

ceiling. Now I was not only bound but I could not move at all. I felt so open 

and so exposed. I could hear Him over at the table where the champagne was. He 

told me to open my mouth and as I did, He lifted a glass to my lips. I could 

feel the bubbles tickling my nose. He then told me not to move. I could feel the 

champagne running partly into my mouth and partly down over my breasts. Making 

my nipples even harder. It was running down over my belly and was making its way 

right to my clit. I could feel it mixing with my own wetness. He then bent over 

and licked from my clit up over my tummy, thru the middle of my breasts. Then 

circling each one to get all of what was poured over them. He then continued up 

my neck to my lips. I wanted and needed to be kissed so badly and He knew this. 

This is one thing that He would never hold back from me. He traced my lips with 

His tongue. I slightly opened my mouth a bit more so when He traced my lips He 

would also hit my tongue. With that He grabbed my hair and pulled my head back 

as far as the chain connecting me to the ceiling would allow and engulfed my 

mouth into His. I let out a soft 'mmmmm'. I could feel Him smile with approval 

with my lips. I loved to please Him so much. I could feel Him tracing my breasts 

with His finger tips. And then walking away as His fingers kept in contact with 

my nipple as long as allowed. I then heard the rattle of the ice in the 

champagne bucket. I knew what was coming next. I felt the cold sting of the ice 

cube on my nipples. He had ice in both hands. He just held it upon my nipples. I 

thought they were going to explode. He ran the ice down my body over my sides 

and then to my inner thighs. He ran the cubes lightly over my clit switching 

cubes till they had both melted. I was just about ready to lose it when I felt a 

feather being dragged across my sides.



"Sir please no, I am way to ticklish," I pleaded with Him but to no avail.



He kept pulling the feather across my body. I was in tickling agony now.



I whimpered almost in tears to Him, "please Sir no more."



And He stopped. He then began running His fingers on the inside of my thighs. I 

could feel His breath on my neck and on my face. He was teasing me with both His 

hands on the inside of my thighs just barely hitting my clit.



He then whispered in my ear "You know not to cum with out permission."



"Yes Sir," I replied.



He kept running His fingers on both hands from the pinkys to His index fingers 

over my clit. I was beginning to shake and He knew I needed release.. Just then 

He told me to cum and I did. I was using the chain that connected me to the 

ceiling to keep myself from falling over. I was shaking from head to toe. He was 

holding onto me and I could feel Him shaking from holding me. He unhooked the 

chain from the ceiling and from the collar. And He gently sat me in a chair that 

He had placed under me. He removed the spreader bar and my wrist restraints. 

Then finally He removed my blindfold and kissed me ever so passionately I 

thought I would cum again.



He then laid me on the floor and connected me to eye bolts on the floor and 

knelt over me. I knew what to do at this point. No words were needed. I opened 

my mouth and took Him in as far as I could. I could feel Him growing inside of 

my mouth. I was trying to tease Him by flicking my tongue everywhere but not 

quite wrapping it around Him yet. I felt Him pinch my nipples hard and I knew 

this meant to stop teasing Him. But for some reason I just could not stop. He 

got up and undid my the eye bolts and stood me up. Walked me over to the 

stockade and placed me in it. Now my head and wrists were not going to move. He 

stood before me and opened my mouth, and grabbed my hair. He was making sure I 

would not try to tease Him this time. He had picked up the paddle and whacked my 

ass with it just to remind me. As He did this I took Him even further into my 

mouth. I could feel Him hitting the back of my throat. He was holding Himself up 

by my hair. He dropped the paddle and grabbed my hair with both hands and was 

pushing Himself are far into my mouth as He could without hurting me. I kept 

trying to push Him out of my mouth in fear that I would gag. He could sense this 

and was not happy. He flipped open the stockade and pushed me to the thick 

rubber mat that was on the floor. He forced my hands up over my head and scolded 

me not to move them. At this point I knew I would not disobey anything that He 

said. He pushed my legs open as far as they would go and leaned in towards me. I 

lifted my hips up in hopes of helping Him. But that was not what He wanted. He 

got a rope and tied me across the belly down to the mat. He then tied my hands 

off over my head and then my thighs to the mat spread as far as they would go 

plus a little more.. Next He placed a blindfold over my eyes. I heard Him get up 

and the next thing I felt was wax dripping on me just below my chest. It was 

getting hotter and hotter. I knew He was bringing it closer and closer to my 

skin. He could see me jump with each drop that fell on me.



He put down the candle and knelt between my legs again and said "You will not 

move this time."



"Yes Sir," I struggled to say.



He ran His cock up and down from my clit to the bottom of my lips very slowly. 

It took all of what was in me not to move. He continued to tease me..



"Please Sir," I begged "I need you inside of me Sir. I want to feel you cum 

inside of me."



He leaned down and whispered "those were the words I was waiting to hear my 

pet."



And He kissed me and as He did He slid in me. I came almost instantly. And Him 

feeling my pussy contract around Him tightly made Him cum. He came with so much 

force I thought He would never stop coming. It felt so good. I never wanted to 

loose this feeling. While still inside of me, He untied me and we just laid 

there in each others arms. I felt so safe, so secure, and so very protected.





Review This Story
 || Email Author:       Peachy


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





