BDSM Library - A Flirt Too Far




A Flirt Too Far
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Masturbation, NC






A Flirt Too Far



It always comes back to the office.



My wife and I had gone through some rough stretches during a dozen years of 

marriage. I'm not the easiest guy to live with and although I wasn't a virgin I 

didn't exactly revel in physical contact to the degree that my wife did, and 

needed me to. Meanwhile I was actively flirting with two or three women on the 

bulletin boards and goofing around with the office secretaries, at least to the 

degree that they invited and went along with it. After all, I was a married man.



One result was our sex life got dull. Oh, we had orgasms -- at least I know I 

did -- but it was all routine. I couldn't find a way to talk with her about the 

suggestions I had gotten from the boards, and she didn't seem inclined to 

suggest anything different.



Another thing that happened was I started getting careless at the office. My 

flirting with the secretaries got a little bit bolder -- not enough to invite 

harassment charges but more like you'd expect from a single man. Plus, I was 

spending more of my office time on the modem, downloading explicit graphics 

files, logging into adult MUDs on the Internet, and once actually having a "hot 

chat" with the sysop of a local board while waiting for the secretaries to bring 

me a report.



Eventually, something had to break.



***** ***** *****



I was catching up on my BBS mail one morning when I got called away from my desk 

for a quick project update. When I got back I saw Nell, one of the department 

secretaries, leaving my cubicle with a worried look on her face. I looked around 

my cubicle to see what she had left, but I didn't find everything, and all of 

the papers on my desk were just as I had left them. When I left for lunch, I 

passed Nell's desk and complimented her on her outfit, saying something like "it 

really flatters you." She looked at me oddly, then smiled and said "And you know 

all about flattery, don't you, Ron?" Then she flashed her winning smile at me 

and I walked out the door thinking about long legs under a dark green skirt.



I went to lunch that day at one of the topless bars in town. The Candy Store had 

just changed management, and they were running a special with a five-buck cover, 

a free lunch buffet and $3 drinks. All told I could get in and out for under ten 

bucks if I passed on the table dances. When I got back to the office I leaned 

over Nell's desk to get my messages. Her blouse was open just enough to show a 

little cleavage, and I smiled as I admired the view. When I got back to my desk, 

I restarted Windows and flipped through the messages... ignore... ignore... call 

tomorrow... buzz Nell? I picked up the phone and dialed her extension. "What's 

this note about?" She told me to hold on and she'd be in to discuss it with me.



She walked in just a few minutes later, closing the door behind her. "I've been 

going over some files," she said as she came around the side of my desk, "and I 

think we need to reorganize the way we work around here." Nell was standing 

right beside me, her chest almost brushing my cheek. I couldn't help getting 

aroused, but at least my chair was close to my desk. "I'm not sure what you 

mean, Nell," I said. "Well, Ron, I think we ought to be working more closely as 

a team," she responded. With that, she pulled my chair back from the desk and 

turned me to face her. "You've been talking sweet to me for a few months, Ron, 

and I'm ready to do something about it." She opened a few more buttons on her 

blouse, showing more skin but no sign of a bra. "The question is, what are you 

ready for?"



My eyes goggled -- her breasts looked every bit as delicious as I had been 

imagining them, and I would have loved nothing better than to get my hands and 

mouth on them right then. But I tried to stall. "Um, Nell, I think perhaps I may 

have given you the wrong impression..."



"Wrong impression, hell!" she retorted angrily. "What impression do you expect 

me to get from this?" And with that she planted her hand firmly on my crotch, 

squeezing and releasing my balls. "And don't try to pull that faithful husband 

crap on me, I know the kinds of things you do in here when the door is closed." 

I suddenly thought about my network mail and the pictures I had been 

downloading, and a shiver ran down my back.



Her voice suddenly got softer as she continued, "and the door is closed now, 

Ron... and locked." She shook her upper body, making her breasts wiggle under 

her blouse. "Come on, Ron, you can talk the talk, but can you walk the walk?" 

Her fingers started doing delightful things to my balls through my pants, and as 

much as I wanted to get up and run, I wanted her hands to touch me that much 

more.



It was too much to take. I groaned and grabbed her breasts through the thin 

blouse. "Walk *this*," I snarled as I flipped the last few buttons out of their 

holes. No bra, for sure, and nice perky nipples capping big brown areolae. I 

stuffed as much of one breast into my mouth as I could, hearing her murmur 

approvingly. She rubbed her palm over the shaft of my cock, making it grow in my 

Jockeys. I alternated sucking on each of her breasts and moved my hands around 

the backs of her legs to grab at her bottom. She had a nice fleshy ass, and she 

pressed her chest into my face as I squeezed her ass cheeks. I felt her fingers 

at my waist, and she quickly unfastened my belt and had my zipper down. She 

grabbed my cock through the material of my briefs and slid her hand up and down 

a few times. I wiggled my fingers under the leg band of her panties and slid my 

hands around the curves of her ass, letting my fingers meet each other to tease 

her asshole. She must have liked that, because she shuddered and moved her legs 

farther apart. I pressed my middle finger inward and felt her back hole flare 

around the tip. My finger went in slowly, and every time I moved it farther in 

she responded by squeezing my cock through my briefs.



I really wanted to feel her hand on me without any irritating cloth, but my 

hands were both busy and she wouldn't let me get my face out of her breasts. 

Nell bent her knees and settled down on my hand, shoving her ass back onto my 

finger hard. I moved it in and out faster while she panted and moaned. Her hand 

was doing a number on my cock meanwhile, alternating rolling her palm over the 

shaft and teasing it with her nails, and even though she had never directly 

touched my flesh I was getting near the point of no return. I wrapped my lips 

around one fleshy nipple and gnawed on it, and she started moaning and hunching 

hard on my hand.



I came first, hard, hot and sticky into the cotton of my briefs. Then she 

started moaning louder, and jammed her ass down onto my finger, shuddering all 

over as she kept rubbing my cock through the wet cotton. I opened my mouth and 

her nipple popped out, red and just a little raw. She leaned forward and rubbed 

her sweaty chest against my face. The smell of sex was all around the room, and 

her hand kept moving until my underwear was soaked through with cum. I wouldn't 

have expected it so soon, but the feeling of the sticky cotton around my cock 

was starting to get me hard again. I didn't know what had set Nell off, but I 

was really enjoying this. Nell was practically swabbing the soaked cotton over 

my shaft and balls, and if I wasn't exactly hard as a rock, I was at least ready 

for action.



Then I heard the door open.



"I thought you locked that!," I squawked as the cold breeze of fear hit me.



"I lied," she said. Someone -- I couldn't see since my face was still buried 

between Nell's breasts -- grabbed my wrists, pulled them around and tied them 

behind the back of my chair. At the same time, Nell was slid a pair of dark 

goggles over my eyes before getting off my lap. "Eeuugh," said a new voice, "you 

were right, Nell, he sure let a load loose in his lap." "Tell me about it," my 

secretary replied as I squirmed in the chair and someone tied my ankles apart. I 

felt a hand grasp my cock and thread it through the flap in my briefs. Despite 

my embarrassment, I had my erection back. "But let me scrub my hands first. Keep 

him quiet." I had been too shocked to do anything until then, but Nell's comment 

woke me and I opened my mouth only to have a soft hand cover it firmly. "I don't 

think you want to raise any kind of fuss," the unknown woman said. "There are a 

half dozen secretaries within earshot, and I'm sure they'd be vastly entertained 

to find out one of their bosses was jerking himself off in his office, cumming 

all over his underpants." I heard the click of computer keys. "And I'm sure your 

supervisor or your wife would love to see the kind of pictures you keep at the 

office to jerk off with -- what have we here?" The keyboard rattled away. "Oh, 

this would make a good impression -- one girl with her hands tied behind her 

back, sucking a guy off while another girl licks his ass. Let me guess -- you 

pretend you're the guy, right?"



Right now I was wishing I had gotten around to moving my picture library off the 

hard disk. I knew the entire series of pictures she was looking at, and my 

traitorous cock was showing how much I liked it. About then Nell came back in, 

and I listened for and definitely heard the "snick" of the lock this time. There 

was a little silence, then I heard a series of loud clicks and barely saw 

flashes of light through my goggles. "Smile, sucker," said my secretary, "This 

is your life!"



I felt someone unfasten my wrists, and then Nell ordered "Jack off."



"What?!?"



"You got a problem hearing, horny boy? Jack off. Cum for Mama Nell and her 

friend Kodak. Pretend you've got your cock in my mouth or my pussy -- like you 

would get so lucky. And do it now, before we leave your office with the door 

unlocked."



I wanted to protest, but she had me in a corner. I wrapped my hand around my 

cock -- shit, the cum had dried too much. I spit into my hand and rubbed my 

fingers over my balls, feeling them come alive. I heard movements in the room 

around me as I jacked my fist up over the head of my cock, rolling it around 

before settling into an up and down motion. My legs were already spread wide the 

way they were tied back. Every now and then I heard the camera go off. Sooner 

than I would have thought, cum came slowly spurting out and rolling down my 

hand. The camera was clicking away. I heard the unknown voice say "fill me in 

later," and then the door opened and shut.



Nell finished taking pictures, then untied my ankles, removed the goggles and 

tossed a damp washcloth into my lap. "Clean yourself up," she said, "and I'll 

make sure nobody disturbs you for the next, oh, three minutes. Then we can talk 

about making some changes in the way you run this department." She walked out, 

closing the door firmly.



Two and a half minutes later, the phone rang. "Your wife on line one," came 

Nell's voice. "Shall I tell her you're available?"





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Rajah Dodger


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





