BDSM Library - A Lesson She Won't Forget




A Lesson She Won't Forget
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Zoo sex-dogs/woman, D/s, B/D, S/M






A Lesson She Won't Forget





She feels her heart in her throat, as she sees her Master standing ramrod 

straight in the doorway. She still has one sock in her hand, from her run from 

the house. She lets it drop, glad to be naked at the door, as he had commanded. 

Instead of praising her, he says nothing to his slave. She looks down at the 

floor as taught, as she feels his strong hands on her shoulders, pushing her to 

her knees. When he walks past her, in the cool night air, she can almost see the 

heat from his anger. She tries to stop her small body from shaking but the more 

she tries to still her limbs, the more she seems to shiver.



The smell of dog hangs in the air and she looks around, she sees her Master. His 

black clothes hide his powerful body as he moves quickly and with purpose around 

the clean and tidy pen.



On the floor she takes pride in the fact that she keeps the kennel just so, that 

is why she is confused, she makes it a habit to do the assigned tasks perfectly. 

It is late and the dew soaked her bare legs when she was summoned out here. A 

cool breeze moves over her skin causing goose bumps to rise. The cold is not the 

only thing causing her skin to prickle, but also her fear. She caught a glimpse 

of her Master's eyes when he made her kneel naked on the floor of the dog pen. 

They were filled with a sadistic glow.



He comes to her and, reaching down, he pulls her long blondish hair, forcing her 

head back, her eyes remain closed.



"You may look at me."



She jumps and opens her eyes to meet his angry gaze.



"You do know, why you are here, don't you girl?"



"Sir I have taken the care required to keep the pen clean, did I miss 

something?" she stammers, her voice soft.



He flings a metal bowl and they both watch as it slides clanging across the 

cement floor. Oh no! Her mind screams, I forgot to water the dogs. She knows she 

must admit her mistake quickly.



"Because I forgot to water Rex and Shasta," she says her voice quivering.



She knows she is in trouble and will receive whatever punishment he chooses to 

dole out. What she cannot figure out is why she is out here in the pen. Her 

punishments usually take place in his basement dungeon. She sees a glint of 

silver in his hand, as his long legs stride towards her. It doesn't take long to 

see what is in his hand. He has her collar and leash. He roughly he lifts her 

hair to attach it. He has not used that since her early training two years ago, 

and she feels her stomach knotting in fear, as she remembers how many new things 

he had made her try while using it.



He pulls twice on her leash and as trained, she follows him to the center of the 

room. Her heartbeats count the seconds. As he leaves her, she knows better than 

to move an inch from where he has left her. The anticipation of his return dries 

her mouth.



Her body sinks into the ground with relief, when she hears the excited yapping 

of the dogs. They bound to her out of love, as she is their sole caretaker. With 

all the people he employs, he trusts only her to their care. He is fond of 

saying next to them she is his finest possession. They playfully jump and kiss 

her. They seem as surprised as she that she is unclothed in front of them. She 

has an urge to cover herself, as if they were her human brothers. As he looks 

on, her hands stay at her side.



His skilled hand movements still the Dalmatians, as he sees her raise her head 

and her lips move, but only a high-pitched squeaking comes out. His hand also 

stills her, her training as complete as the canines.



"You seem to have some trouble remembering to do your task, what bothers me most 

is, the fact that you have made a prized possession of mine suffer if only for a 

few hours. Now tell me girl, do you have something, to say to my lovely studs?"



"I'm sorry," she says meekly.



"Mmm, not good enough my dear, we can barely hear you, come closer, crawling if 

you please."



She crawls across the pen, her leash trailing behind her, to where he stands 

with his beasts.



"I do believe you owe them more than a weak apology... kiss them."



She shakes her head franticly no! No matter what her feelings are for them she 

does not want to kiss them.



She feels the sting of his crop on her ass, as he again commands her to kiss 

them and to tell them again how sorry she is.



She moves to the dogs and kisses each one on the lips, she fights the urge to 

brush the drool from her lips, as she is shocked to feel them seem to kiss her 

back. Their large tongues pushing into her mouth, seem to search for her tongue!



She moves back and away from her Master and the dogs.



He bends down and strokes them both, and whispers baby talk to them.



"Mmm it seems they want a bit more of a heartfelt apology. They want, as do I, 

to see you suffer, as you have thoughtlessly made them suffer."



He brings them close to her face and they kiss her and lick her check, when they 

move to her lips, she tries to move her face away from their happy lapping and 

he holds her head in his hands whispering to her.



"my studs have decided, they each want to fuck you, my little bitch."



Her mouth falls to her chin, and she immediately has to close it as she feels 

two flat tongues push their way in. In her shock she pulls away from them. She 

yelps in fear and then in pain as he reaches down and tweaks her nipples.



"On your back girl," he bellows, pointing to the low table he has brought out.



When she does not move, the smacking of the crop on her full large tits, brings 

her to her back.



He moves the two dogs between her spread legs. They watch and wait patiently 

while their Master secures thigh restraints. His anger grows when she dares to 

pull her wrist from his hand when Rex crept close to her now exposed pussy.



She feels, but cannot see him, at her ankles tying them together. She tries to 

pull them back together, but it is of no use. He sees her struggling to lift her 

head and he lifts it for her...by her hair. The dogs jump as she yelps with 

pain. She feels a small bag against her neck lifting her head up.



"Wouldn't want you to miss the show," he laughs, as he moves back down to her 

pussy. In this position she feels rather like a frog waiting for dissection.



His fingers spread her pussy apart with one hand, while the other plays slowly 

with her clit. He twirls his finger around and then over it. It sends juice 

dripping down and the dogs sniff the air trying to find out where it is coming 

from. Her master points the way, with his cum laden fingers, they lick his out 

stretched fingers and soon she feels the first wet, dripping, tongue on her 

pussy. Rex's flat tongue starts at her ass and covers the distance to her clit 

in one stroke. It's wider than a human but twice as rough. Her hips buck and 

thrash. She is repulsed to feel a dog's tongue on her snatch, no matter how much 

she begs him, her master will not pull him away.



The swift sounds of his crop cutting through the air, shock her as it lands on 

each of her half dollar sized nipples. The flatness of the crop tip covers them, 

as her tits shake with each swift strike. She tries to move away from the 

licking dogs and the pain in her tit. She can't help but move.



"You will stop your infernal moving or I swear I will get the stock, and that my 

lovely ... will hold even one as stubborn as you."



She feels him spreading her pussy apart with his fingers as she hears him 

offering Shasta a taste of her nectar.



He knows her body as well, if not better than she, and he knows her pussy can 

only take so much of a tongue-lashing.



"Please master, please, don't let them do this to me, I promise you and them I 

wont forget again, please."



Her cries fall on deaf ears, as he stands behind her and leaning down opens her 

snatch up further to them. Their lapping rough tongues are working her over, as 

they find her tender holes. To her, they seem to have a preference of which of 

her holes taste better. Their snouts are buried in her in their excitement, she 

hears them snort the cum from their noses, as they lap at her flowing cum.



She watches him closely, as he gets a chair and pulls it where he can see and 

hear his slave being licked by the dogs. She smells the cigarette smoke and 

knows he will be leaving her to suffer until he is done.



She hears the chair legs scrape when he gets up and comes to her side. She tells 

herself not to get her hopes of rescue up again, the last time was to tie a 

black cloth around her eyes.



She feels her master getting on top of her. She had not noticed that he was 

naked until she felt his dick brushing her mouth. He must have stripped after he 

had put the blindfold in place.



She opens her mouth on command as the relentless tonguing goes on in the v of 

her spread legs. It seems the two will never get tired of her holes. When one is 

nudged away by the other they take a taste of the remaining hole. Her master 

allows her to suck him, and she thinks by doing so he is pleased with her and 

they can be done with this nightmare. She is enjoying her master's dick in her 

mouth when he pulls out. She waited but a moment when she felt it slip back in.



"Yuck" she said around the dick in her mouth, what have you got on your... she 

stops mid sentence when she realizes; it is not her masters cock but one almost 

as large.



It is Shasta's cock she has in her mouth.



"On no you don't."



As she tries to move her head, he is holding it in his hands and try as she 

might she cannot move. She feels it moving past her lips, into her mouth, down 

her throat. The size of it is not quite as thick as her master, but it is much 

longer. She gags on it as it travels down her throat.



"Ahhaahgga" is all she can manage, as Shasta moves his lower body down and 

forces it in to the knot. She can't take any more without throwing up, when he 

starts to hump her mouth. She doesn't think he knows the difference between a 

women's mouth and a bitch's pussy and he pushes hard against her lips. The smell 

of fur fills her nose.



"Mmm, suck him good baby doll. Maybe he will cum fast if you do." She can tell 

her masters voice is filled with sarcasm.



She hears the lock of the wrist restraint and then she feels him moving her hand 

to the dog's dick; her fingers are made to go around the piece of skin she could 

not fit in her mouth.



She slowly moves her hand up and down the shaft. Her legs move as she is being 

eaten by Rex. Her mind is whirling.



His dick in his hands, he stands back to view his handiwork, she is laying flat 

on her back with her legs bent, with a dog fucking her mouth while another is 

eating her pussy.



Fat tears roll down, as she feels her face grow hotter, as the dog between her 

legs smears her cum on her thigh. His snout is covered in her juice. His fur is 

almost plastered to his jowls: but still he eats. In his eagerness to lap it 

all, she felt his teeth nip her clit. Her cries of pain blocked from the 

fullness of Shasta.



It seems to take forever, but she feels the spurting of his sperm, jetting down 

her throat. She cannot believe how much he is cumming and she is forced to drink 

it as her master still holds her head. She still has some in her mouth and as 

she tries to expel the salty liquid, he clamps his hand over her mouth.



"Ahhagg," she says as she is forced to swallow it all.



"Mmm, very good slave"



He takes them by their leashes and leads all three to the run, it is used for 

bathroom purposes and she is horrified to see him opening the gate for her to 

crawl through...



"Please sir," she begs again, "may I please have some water to wash my mouth out 

with"?



"Sure can," he says, surprising her



"After they have taken all they want to drink."



He points to their bowl, she does not mind having to crawl on all fours as 

instructed to get to the bowl. She begins to cup her hands and bring the water 

to her lips, he smacks her hands down and tells her, "My dear girl, you must 

remember your place, you are their bitch and you shall act like one. NOW drink 

as they do!"



Her mouth is so dry and sticky around the edges, she watches them lapping and 

she cannot resist. Her thirst is too strong as she crawls over to the dish and 

lowers her head and takes the first lap, her tears fall in the dish as she 

suffers the deep humiliation, of having been made to drink that way. She 

continues to lap, and the dogs join her.



She sees the dogs going to the corner to pee and she feels the need to relieve 

herself. She thinks a moment, before she looks up at him, and sees his sadistic 

smile. She knows she will have to ask him for permission to do so. She waits it 

out until her bladder threatens to explode; she asks him.



"Master may I please relieve myself?"



Her heart soars, when he comes to her and thinking she will be able to rise and 

walk to the bathroom on the other side of the pen. But no; He is leading her to 

the corner the dogs just got done using, he stands over her and tells her, "If 

you still wish to, do so now. Oh and in case you have the urge to lick yourself 

clean after you are done..."



She sees that he has gotten the muzzle from its place, her heart sinks, when she 

sees it is for her. He laughs as he slips it over her head. She is mortified, 

but she can't hold out much longer, as the first drops are running down the 

inside of her leg.



"Lift it up girl, we don't have all night!"



The dogs are sitting looking at her, wondering what the big deal is. She lifts 

her leg up and releases her stream. Her relief is short lived when she hears his 

laughter at the dogs lapping at her pee. She tries shooing them away but they 

will not leave her.



Finally she is done, but they continue to lick her, cleaning her off with their 

rough tongues. They nudge their way into her crack, licking her while she is 

kneeling in their bathroom! Her humiliation is almost complete, as her pussy 

juice starts to flow.



He knows she can't take much more and he puts a stop to the feast. He pulls them 

back to the center of the room, and puts the table in front of her and tells her 

to get on top of it face down. He takes the muzzle off and gets a small ball and 

throws it for the dogs to play with.



While he ties her ankles and wrist to the legs, he shouts encouragement to them, 

telling them whichever one brings it back first will have her to fuck. Rex comes 

bounding to him and drops the ball at his feet.



Her mouth opens and starts to beg him again, to make it stop, she has learned 

her lesson, when he shoves the ball, dog drool and all in her mouth. She knows 

she must keep it there. Rex sits by her Master and she sees for the first time 

his doggy dick, it is bigger around than Shasta's and she knows it will be a 

tight fit in her box. She whimpers as his 130 pounds of fur, gets on her back, 

she feels human hands, as he guides his dick in. Her slit spreads apart, as it 

goes in too quickly. She is filled up with the dogs blood-filled member, she can 

feel the bulging knot at the opening of her hole.



"Oh no," she thinks. Not that too! and is relieved when he stops just short.



It doesn't take any prompting for him, to begin raping her pussy, she can hear 

him panting as his dick moves, fast in and out of her. He slips out once and she 

thinks it's over, she feels the tip being nudged in her tight ass hole. He 

misses but keeps trying to prod it in. Her master sees the time he is having and 

guides him to her pussy again, she feels his furry body settle on hers, but this 

time she hears her master telling the dog.



"Here boy, shove this in, you wont slip out I'm sure!"



She feels the knot plow into her pussy and she screams around the gag in her 

mouth, Rex doesn't care about her pain, as he continues to violate her. Her 

master comes to her tit and starts to play with her nipples. Mmm, her juice 

flows as he knows how this turns her on. The more he pinches and strokes them, 

the more her pussy responds.



"Oh my God! I'm gonna cum on this dog's dick!!" She knows she will be severely 

punished if she does not ask her Master's permission first. Her body shudders 

remembering the last time she gave in.



She starts to whimper like a dog, he comes to her head, knowing what she will 

ask, but waits and makes her beg for permission.



He removes the gag and leans down.



"PPPlllleeeeaaas sir mmmaay I cuuu?" Her body is thrusting forward with each 

hard pumping from the dog in her dripping pussy.



"And how is it my bitch wants to cum?" he sneers.



"With the dog in my pussy sir," comes her weak and strained reply



"Mmm very good my pet, yes you may."



Her orgasm overtakes her body, as her mind is collapsing in on itself. Her 

thoughts are a tangle of lust and shame, as she lets herself be fucked by Rex.



Tears spring to her eyes when he taunts her with it.



"So, my lovely slave likes the feel of my stud's dick, does this mean my bitch 

is, in fact in heat?" he laughs at her sobs.



He moves back, so he can see her being used, he watches what's leftover of Rex's 

dick slides as it in and out much faster than he could ever move. Her whole body 

shakes with each thrust. His dick is growing harder, as he watches her being 

impaled on his pet's dick. He knows how tight she can be when she has just cum. 

He gets up and moves to her sagging head and lifts it with her hair, tears are 

pooled in her eyes, as he removes the gag, she has only enough time to wet her 

dry lips when he shoves his cock in. She feels him pushing her tonsils, with the 

purple tinted head. She gags, until she feels vomit rising in the back of her 

throat. She is able to move a bit back, so she can swallow again. He holds her 

still, by the hair and fucks her mouth. He watches her hips shake and tremble, 

as Rex continues to shoot the last of his seed into her pussy, he whines when he 

cannot pull out right away and has to remain lodged in her pussy, this is enough 

perversion to send him over the edge and she feels her mouth fill with the first 

drops of her Master's cum. When he abruptly pulls his dick out and sprays her 

face with his juice, she feels a draft, when he moves away and allows Shasta to 

lick the cum from her dripping face. Rex is soft enough to pull himself free and 

joins the party at her face.



She watches him as he puts his clothes back on, she waits for him to tell her 

she may get up and leave with him. She thinks she is forgotten when he opens the 

gate to the sleeping part of the pen.



"Come on you three, its starting to rain and I don't know about you, but I'm a 

bit tired," he says smiling, motioning her in with his crop handle.



All three!? her mind screams. Not me too! He couldn't possibly mean her too! Her 

weak and abused body, somehow carries her into the pen, but the squeaking of the 

gate behind her, and the rough nuzzling of the dogs snouts, forcing her pussy 

open, told her the night was not over yet.





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Bethany Rose


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





