BDSM Library -  A Little Red Skirt on One Foggy Xmas Eve




 A Little Red Skirt on One Foggy Xmas Eve
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  Fantasy, B/D, Spanking, Male dominant






A Little Red Skirt on One Foggy Xmas Eve





Santa studied his long list filled with incredible detail and prolific boring 

analytical anecdotes in the typical poor writing and Elvish symbology. Darn 

Elves! Luckily his intuition provided exceptional perception and supernaturally 

decisiveness. Besides the really important list filled his left pocket in his 

own handwriting. That list contained prime talent and material in his mind and 

paramount in personal importance.



He folded the ponderous Elvish list of children needs and stuffed in into his 

right pocket as a reference. Miraculously millions of pages disappeared without 

a bulge to betray their mass. Reaching for his very special list prompted a 

sweet delicate smile. On the top of the list reposed a voluptuous feminine stick 

figure. The length of this special list matched the impressive volume and length 

of the Elvish list and, perhaps, exceeded it.



As one might imagine the special list consisted of Santa's favorites. Lovely 

females exceptionally naughty and sexy in the past year gained entry constantly. 

A few other weirdoes graced the list too. Santa had Elves with their awkward 

habits much less his reindeer. Who was he or them to snicker?



The witching hour of the Eve approached rapidly. Then time stood still for those 

who had mastered the arcane science of aeons ago. Time abounded to do all things 

in the wee hours for as long or as short as it took. Wisely smiling Santa 

selected a buxom blond wench first who had a fetching habit of laughing in the 

face of decent men and teasing with grade A deluxe tits and A+ saucy bottom. She 

would do perfectly as an appetizer.



Santa directed Rudolph to lead the way to her stylish Bloomfield apartment where 

she had entered seconds ago, weary from bothering men at a party. Arriving in an 

instant Santa jumped off his sleigh in a dense cold fog and dashed downoops, no 

chimney. He corrected for a window in her bedroom instead having no problem 

finding his way in the dark and clinging mists of the night.



He heard her rummaging in the kitchen for something unimportant. So he waited 

and was pleased when she made her appearance at the bedroom door wearing red 

open toed platforms, white chemise and fetching tight red skirt. Her long 

attractive thighs were molded to her skirt adding to her appreciable viewing.



Catching her silly mouth in mid-yawn, Santa smothered her spicy red lips with 

tongue twisting kisses even while her arms were wrenched behind to be knotted 

together. She was keenly surprised by this unexpected Xmas rape by a mythical 

figure in her own bedroom and minimally resisted until too late. By then her 

cute ass wiggled and only assisted in her inevitable ravishing.



He pushed the blushing Mary Beth back into the living room that was better lit 

for a fine examination of his chosen sputtering victim/date. She gasped as any 

silly girl might. "WhoWhyWhatPlease" Then she stared with brilliant blue eyes 

popping in recognition of the famous man in red. "But I was a good girl!"



"Not yet good enough to my fine expectation, my curvaceous whore! You will be 

just wonderful once tamed and properly stroked." Santa slipped his gloves off 

and inserted a huge hand inside her translucent white chemise and under a 

tempting red bra to cup a bare tit. He tweaked with a grin the stiff nipple of 

her pert and lively breast.



"Please Santa," Mary Beth protested, " Santa! That is not nice to do! I promise 

to be a good girlor betterwhatever it takes."



"Oh, yes it is nice, my dear. I will be the judge of what is good and nice as 

well as what is bad in these and all matters lying under my powers."



Hauling her by her lovely shoulder length corn yellow hair, he led her to the 

floral printed sofa where he sat and immediately dumped her flirtatious body 

over his red trousered knee. She squawked indignantly and complained miserably 

as her skirt rose quickly up and over her ass. &gt;From under the slight hem peaked 

red garters and pink panties. A full and wholesome white ass blossomed under her 

dancing red fingernails. Her derriere begged for a man's full attention.



Then Santa grinned evilly yet with a joyful smirk and commenced to spank her 

broad and sassy bottom. Each tremendous smack of hand resounded, echoed and 

covered her screams. Indeed her meager cries and protests blended in with the 

joyous Noelic thrashing so as not to be perceived. Her ass prickled with crimson 

heat. Santa continued harder and louder until Mary Beth barely whimpered with 

her mascara streaked with tear tracks.



Afterwards she quietly sobbed while Santa proceeded to remove her panties and 

stuffed them into her welcoming throat and mouth. A red ball gag completed her 

facial makeover forcing a rather fetching grin for the season.



Santa stuck his hand up under her cunt making her spread muscular white thighs. 

He stuck a finger or two in and found her a ready student, wet and slippery. He 

dumped her over the coffee table and disrobed himself. His legendary massive 

stomach appeared but so did an enormous prick, stiff and inhumanly long. Mary 

Beth could not see what approached from the rear in her present position but 

wondered as its obscene hardness touched her ass while Santa arranged and 

secured her limbs around the table. Later her eyes would bug out when she saw 

his incredible bulging thickness and purple hued head as it advanced on her 

lips. She would accept it then as she did now with fright, gargling terror and 

great physical sensation before relaxing for the assault show.



Once done she was neatly wrapped around the top of the table. Her knees to 

either side strapped to the table legs and ankles crossed and knotted between. A 

tie line went from there to the front of the table and up to her neck. Her head 

hung lowly humiliated and tired from her earlier draconian punishment and exotic 

exercise. Wrists were tied to the knees on either side with another line from 

elbow to elbow under the tabletop pulling her elbows down. Not much of her could 

move other than her ass and her eyes. Her tits were protected squashed against 

the table but that was little consolation to her.



Needless to stay her red skirt had been flipped over her waist. Her ass poised 

on the table edge with her cunt gaping and accessible. Her hot red ass beckoned 

delightfully to a happy, chuckling Santa. Without further ado, Santa plunged 

deep into her virginal asshole where she had least expected it since all of his 

tender explorations had been with her cunt. Mary Beth grunted and found the 

strength to bump her ass up and down trying to abscond as her head angrily swung 

sideways.



Santa shouted: "Hohoho, 'ho'!" enjoying the bumpy wild ride. With his massive 

weight Mary Beth was pinned in place and all of her exertions only managed to 

plunge Santa's thick dick to higher into her crowded lower intestines.



Mary Beth moaned and groaned as her poor whipped heinie was fucked into some 

proper respect and shape. Santa's crushing tonnage reduced her resistance to zip 

and nil. Pitiful sounds from her nose and stuffed mouth did not penetrate the 

great laughter from Santa Claus. With a hilarious whoop of primal exuberance, 

Santa finished her off jamming all of his tool to the balls inside her warm 

insides.



Huffing and puffing he withdrew his still tumescent prick. He lit his queer 

looped pipe and puffed white smoke contentedly in an overstuffed armchair while 

observing his pretty Xmas gift to himself. Her white and pink ass gently swayed 

and humped as she nervously waited Santa's next stern command. White semen 

leaked and dripped from her newly opened asshole.



Santa rose, put his pipe away, and sauntered casually in front of her. Her head 

stayed humbly down. Settling ponderously on a nearby blue hassock, he ungently 

yanked her blonde scalp up straining her neck and compelling her bound ankles to 

bend forward despite the pain and dreadful body tension. He disengaged her ball 

gag and panties even as she reluctantly focused on her next filthy duty, a 

monstrous dick smelly and stained with her intestinal juices and sticky semen. 

Her mouth remained wide and inviting as she struggled with aching overextended 

jaw muscles, wide blue eyes and vague silly thoughts. Before she could object or 

change her mind, he plunged his dick in and settled back with a guiding hand on 

the back of her head.



Mary Beth began to pant heavily through her nostrils making her breasts heave 

and swell lifting her involuntarily from the table and straining all of her 

restraints. Despite her non-desire and gagging reflex, Santa's prick had entered 

her throat choking her into a panicky alertness. Responding instinctively Mary 

Beth sucked for her life and with practiced skill played with her tongue and 

lips on the prick head as Santa withdrew to line up another deep shove.



Her ass swayed with its own mind in rhythm with the strong and frequent Santa 

thrusts in her face. Spotting the hypnotic motion Santa patted her rump 

affectionately. His other hand assisted Mary Beth's face fucking movements 

because as he drove forward her head slid down the shaft to his pubic hair. He 

politely pushed her head towards his stomach to make her work a little too. Mary 

Beth felt more humiliation than every before. She had to put out without any 

petty say in the matter.



Finishing again, Santa let her simmer with his dick in her wet, warm throat for 

a minute at a time before he would gently withdraw to the comfort of her mouth 

to let her catch her breath and then repeat. In time her drool-drenched panties 

were picked up and returned to her mouth puffing out her cheeks. The ball gag 

resumed its place of honor between her clenched white teeth. Mary Beth hung her 

head, exhausted from a minor blowjob.



Moving behind her pleasant derriere Santa filled her cunt with his ever-rigid 

prick. Mary Beth moaned delightfully and swirled with her famous happy hips once 

again as Santa massaged her vagina and cervix furiously.



Mary Beth fell asleep with the last Santa climax that matched her own. It had 

been a long event filled evening for her and her petty sensibilities had been 

overwhelmed. A little labor had been too much for her.



She awoke later with a crick in her neck, her back aching and her limbs all 

tingly. She blinked and raised her neck a few inches to inspect her unfamiliar 

surroundings. Her simple coffee table still hugged her belly and limbs like an 

old boyfriend. The scent of pine permeated the atmosphere. Dim early morning 

light illuminated pine needles, Christmas balls and lights as well as boxed 

presents, festive wrappings and pretty bows. Undoubtedly red bows decorated her 

hair, ankles and wrists in whatever pattern amused Santa.



Her ass was warm. A cool breeze tickled her thighs and cunt. Her short red skirt 

barely covered her lusty hips that anticipated a momentary revelation. She 

cowered under an Xmas tree awaiting discovery unable to escape or move more than 

her ass.



Some man would shortly push up her skirt and poke her as he desired. And as did 

she. She would be more hesitant about men teasing in the future having seen what 

a man could do with a will and courage.



Being on Santa's special list, though exciting and enviable, could not beat 

being hogtied and fucked all year round. Mary Beth sighed, memory receding as 

the special magic of the season receded. In a few hours she would be wondering 

about her dreams and why she had gone to bed in her evening clothes rather than 

a nightie. Of course the semen streaking her thighs would give her thought 

indeed.



For the moment, all that was irrelevant. She had been naughty she realized and 

knew how to make amends. She ached with the particular excitement of a true 

Santa believer.





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Nic Romanschak


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





