BDSM Library - Sweet Little Kitten




Sweet Little Kitten
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Male Dom/Female sub, S/M, Feline training, Humiliation






Sweet Little Kitten





She stood naked in the furthest corner of the room, trembling with anticipation, 

the chill from her Master's ceiling fan, slicing through her emotions, peaking 

her desire. Her eagerness to pursue her own willful humiliation, to serve, her 

longing, the expectancy, the waiting, all combining to only garnish her 

delicious thirst and decedent hunger.



Master approached from behind, his hands raking through hair, his voice landing 

a whisper upon her sense. He commands her to purr for him, sweet little kitten, 

naughty little one. She drops her palms to the floor and her knees do follow, 

she brushes herself against his leg, circling him, gazing upwardly toward her 

owner. Slowly and passionately stroking her cheek against his crotch, teasing 

her tongue over his rock, parching to be bad.



She crawls off toward the couch and glances back at him. He walks toward her as 

she submissively lowers her head to the carpet. His fingertips tickle her under 

the chin and along the back of her neck. She paws at the rug, her eyes roll to 

the back of her head as her Master's nails rake her from the back of her neck to 

the cheeks of her ass. She knows what a dirty little kitten is to do, and raises 

her buttocks high in the air. A hard smack lands with a vengeance, as she is 

ordered to shake herself back and forth, for her Master's enjoyment, all of 

which, only adds fuel to her fire.



A dampened finger massages her tender petite asshole, slipping in and out of 

her. A momentary pause, then the gooey feel of lubrication passes into her 

bowls, and then no more. She parts her eye lids to find her Master standing 

before her, holding out a rounded pink plug, with a long black tail. She 

intuitively knows her place and reaches out her lips to kiss it. Sensuously 

sucking, taking it deeply, glancing to see her Masters pleasure, lusting for her 

tail to be inside. As it's removed from her mouth, she tightens her palms into 

little fists, and forces her ass high in the air. The plug enters her, until 

gone, and only the tail brushes against her shaved pussy, tickling her, 

humiliating her, sending her fervor into a frenzy. She drops further into 

submissiveness, as she feels the tiny kitty ears slip over her head. Then as her 

Master paints sexy whiskers along her cheeks, flicks the cat ears upon her head, 

and brushes her tail, she looks upward into his eyes. Then to complete her 

feline transformation, she lowers herself to all fours, and quietly utters her 

first meow.



Master reaches for a silver candle, a present from his little slave cat, then 

moves toward her, as its light echoes and shimmers along the walls. The first 

drop falls upon her shoulder, with a hot sting, and a quiet whimper from his 

kitty. She writhes and squirms as the wax falls across her back, decorating her. 

The searing wax is devilish delight for such a modest twisting pussycat. His 

fingertips caress her ear lobe as the burning continues, soft kisses on her 

neck, as her torment increases. The all consuming heat torturing her back, mixed 

with the pleasure of her Masters hands massaging her breasts, gently pinching 

her nipples, was an overwhelming sensation, which had her on the edge of 

oblivion. Then as the last few drop hit her like thunder, her Master's finger 

tips, touched her clit and began to rub. The stroking became extreme, as she 

felt her pussy tighten, then without warning, his hands moved from between her 

legs, he pressed the candle flame against her ass, and it was over.



She laid there, for a time, awaiting her Master's return, her clit aching to 

cum. He emerged with the mirror from his bedroom wall and tilted it in her 

direction. Although the image was reversed, she smiled, as through her misty 

eyes, she could read the word "kitten" had been written across her back in 

silver wax.



She closed her eyes and proudly curled up into a little ball. However, she only 

napped for a moment, when she heard a ceramic bowel placed on the kitchen floor. 

Again, a smile over came her as she crept on all fours to the kitchen. She 

circled her Master, impatiently, as he poured her a bowel of milk. She slowly 

and seductively lapped up the milk, swirling it around her tongue, purposely 

allowing it to dribble down her chin. Swaying her long black tail as she drank, 

purring and meowing as whoreishly as she could. Gleefully watching her Masters 

cock growing from within his pants. She gnawed at the side of the bowel as he 

unsnapped her pants, quivered as he lowered his zipper, and began to boil as his 

cover dropped to the floor.



With his shirt now draped over the kitchen chair, and his pants discarded into a 

ball under the table, he stood with his large cock hard with yearning. He bent 

down and touched his eyes to hers, picked up the bowel, and stood over her. With 

the bowel placed against his chest, he poured the milk down his body. She didn't 

wait for his command to lick it up. She started at his feet, ran her tongue up 

his legs, on her way to what she desired most. He raised his cock, revealing his 

balls for her mouth to suck dry. With a handful of her hair he began slapping 

her face with his hardness. Then he took pleasure in her purr as his cock went 

down her throat. He held her tightly as he fucked her in the mouth, her long 

black tail swinging against her thighs, her own tail whipping her from her own 

ass. He pulled himself from her and lifted her to upward by her nipples, she 

replied with only a quiet meow, losing herself in her torment, submerged in her 

humiliation. With a slap on each breast she dropped to the floor, raised he 

head, proudly perched herself on all fours and peaked upward, only to watch him 

walk away.



Her Master sat at the end of his couch browsing though is toy bag and carefully 

laying out several whips and mysterious chimes along the sofa. He paused for but 

a second and motioned to her to come over to him. With the milk still dripping 

from her chin she slithered over to him. He held out a large dildo, which was 

suspended from a thin strip of leather, and told her to play with it. From her 

knees, and like a cat she batted it back and forth purring and meowing like a 

little kitten. When order to suck on it, she lowered her hands to the floor and 

opened her mouth. The rubber cock was hard to catch, and kept dangling and 

bouncing against her cheeks and lips. She licked at it and whimpered in 

frustration with not being able to catch it. She longed to please her Master and 

gazed upon him with pouty eyes. She bit at the dildo several more times then, 

with great accomplishment and satisfaction, she had it in her mouth.



She proudly sucked on the rubber cock as Master let go of the leather rope, 

which glanced against her neck. She remained there slurping while he held out 

two bells suspended from strings. He looped the first around her stiff nipple 

and pulled it tight, as the drool began to slip from between her lips. He tied 

the second tighter still, and told her to shake her breasts from his amusement. 

Then sat back into the comfort of his pillows, to behold his little slut. So, 

there she was, on her knees, sticky with milk, a large butt plug deep in her ass 

with a tail attached... its strands swinging along her legs, the dildo in her 

mouth immersed in her own spit, bells chiming as her breasts swayed from side to 

side, and her mind... swimming in submissive humiliation.



He then patted the sofa, signaling her to jump up and lay beside him. She 

pounced upon the couch and curled into a little ball, placing her head in her 

Masters crotch. She looked upward at him, smiling as he removed the dildo from 

her mouth. She glanced down, between his legs and looked him in the eye again. 

There was something she wanted, something she yearned for, and Master's do not 

like to disappoint little whores.. He grabbed his cock by it's thick shaft, 

aimed it at her lips, and smiled as she swooped upon it, engulfing it, devouring 

it like a ravenous animal. Sucking him intensely, with rabid zealousness, with 

all the passion of a raging slut dying to please. Gagging and chocking, taking 

more, taking it deeper, with fiery lust spewing from her soul. Until he suddenly 

pushed her to the floor and placed his foot on her lips. She began licking the 

sole of his toes without permission, little slaves need to beg before licking 

their Master's feet, he reminder her of this, and she knew she needed to be 

punished.



She was ordered onto all fours as he scraped his fingernails along her back. She 

raised her ass high in the air again, and wagged her tail, the long black 

strands brushing along the backs of her thighs for the last time. He slowly 

pulled it from within her, her ass opened up and slowly closed as the plug 

slipped out. Master circled her then dangled it before her face. He teased her 

about her longing to suck and lick and she knew what he wanted. She placed her 

face close to the plug. The dirty smell made her shiver but, excited her never 

the less. The taste didn't matter as she licked and swirled it around her 

tongue, and took it into her mouth. Cleaning it with her mouth, washing it with 

her tongue. Her Master rose to his feet and removed the butt plug from her 

mouth. Tossed it to the side and walked into the bathroom, she was ordered to 

follow.



She entered the bathroom and watched as he pulled a cat tray, filled with kitty 

litter, from under the sink, and slid it toward her. She lowered her head in 

proud shame as she positioned herself over the tray. Master commanded her to 

look at him and touch herself. She delighted in being gazed upon, in touching 

herself, in the tingling from within her bladder. She massaged and caressed her 

clit until he ordered her to pee from him. She parted her lips and began to purr 

as her golden fluid poured over her fingertips and was rapidly soaked up into 

the kitty litter. As she finished, her humiliation was topped off, when her 

Master instructed her to suck her fingers dry. She took intense pleasure in the 

salty taste as it hit her tongue, and sparkled with bliss, as her slutly 

performance entertained her Master. Enjoying her torment a little too much, or 

so he felt, as he slapped in the face, and reprimanded her for being such a 

whore.



It was her favorite part, acting so slutty, then being scolded for it. Although 

she knew her Master enjoyed it too, she adored the contradiction. As her face 

was slapped over and over, she thought to her self, "How wonderful a game this 

is." She knew she could stop the torment at any time, just utter her Safe Word, 

and this would all come to an end. She slipped in and out of sub-space, as her 

chastisement further unraveled. She was in total control but, had surrendered 

control to him, and road the edge of excitement to its peak. Then, as she was 

dragged across the tiles and back into the living room, her pussy began to ache 

at what mysteries where to come next.





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Sir Anthony


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





