BDSM Library - Little Red-haired Girl




Little Red-haired Girl
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: S/M, B/D






Little Red-haired Girl





Hello, this is Sir Anthony, I'm an experienced Dom from NY, and this is my story 

of the night I met a little red-haired girl named Christine.



It was slave auction night at the Vault in New York City. As most nights, there 

were an overwhelming number of men there and so few submissive women to choose 

form. However, being close to the Head Mistress, I was able to snag quite the 

bundle of play money and had my eye on a cute little red head named Christine.



When it came her turn to take the stage, the auctioneer introduced my little 

dream girl to the crowd. She was very giggly and bounced around as she flashed 

the audience her breasts ... beautiful, round, covered with freckles, and the 

largest nipples I had ever laid my eyes on. She was encouraged, as were all the 

slaves, to strip off her clothes. The bidding started as she stood, in only a 

lacy pink thong.



As, I began to bid, my scene buddy, Mistress Natasha, began topping my bids. 

This went on and on, back and forth, until we were the only two bidding. I was 

getting rather mad at her and said, "Come on now, I don't have anyone to play 

with tonight."



She gave me a devilishly nasty smile and replied, "I'm buying her for you!"



I was relived, mostly due to the fact that Natasha had more money then I did; 

and I wasn't looking forward to just watching the action.



Christine pranced over and kneeled down next to me. I ran my fingers through her 

hair as we got to know each other. We spoke for about a half-hour, getting to 

learn her limits, likes, dislikes, establishing safe words and such.



When it came time to play, I stood her up and slipped my soft white rope around 

her head. I knotted it down the front, crisscrossed her body and wrapped her 

breasts... it was an awesome body web... even if I do say so myself. I sat her 

in the Vault's largest bondage chair, I blindfolded her, placed my fur lined 

wrist cuffs on her wrists and secured her arms stretched out. I started out 

slowly caressing her flesh, starting at her ankles and slowly working my way to 

the backs of her knees. I nibbled on the inside of her thighs, when licked her 

rock hard nipples... she jolted up and moved the chair back a few inches. I 

kissed her neck, ears, and noticed her tongue slipping out form the side of her 

mouth. I knew she wanted to kiss me, and I was busting to feel tongue against 

mine, but, I knew teasing her was the way to go. I kept avoiding her mouth, 

while whispering to her how much I wanted to taste her lips. I was driving her 

crazy.



I took two of my softer leather whips and laid them on her hands, dragging them 

across her arms to her face. She bit at the leather as I ran the tails along her 

face then down her breasts. I turned my hands over and smacked her, tightly 

bounds breasts, hard with the whips. I leaned over and kissed each nipple then 

stepped back to begin whipping them again. I let the whip fall on the left then 

the right... alternating strokes. Then I started whipping then simultaneously. 

After a few more strokes I started lashing her thighs and belly, fast and hard, 

then slowly and soft. I dragged the leather up and down her body.



I turned to my little bag and placed my favorite nipple clamps on her. I 

surrounded these with ten clothes pins in a circular pattern. I leaned in and 

whispered in her ear asking if this was too much for her ... she replied back no 

... I reminded her again of her safe words as I began placing long rows of 

clothes pins along her arms. I massaged her pussy, through her panties, I could 

feel how wet she was. I pulled up on the font and made it like the thong in the 

back, splitting her pussy lips, which then stuck out of each side. I ran eight 

clothes pins up each and through her panties placed the ninth on her clit.



I was caressing her face, lips, and hair, all the while the clothes pins were 

biting into her tender white flesh. I placed my lips on hers and she kissed my 

with all her force and passion. I started plucking off the clothes pins one by 

one... some I released, others I pulled off. I uncuffed her and turned her 

around, kneeling on the chair.



I glided my fingertips along her back while planting soft tender kisses on the 

cheeks of her ass. I rubbed her, all to white, ass with my palms ... I could 

feel her beginning to squirm ... anticipating her spanking. I brought my hands 

down on her ass, smacking her up and down, her cheeks quickly reddened. I turned 

to leather paddles, then to my heavier whips. I worked her back, thighs, and 

ass... slowly increasing then decreasing in intensity... laying the whips long 

tails on her back ... gently dragging it along her body, until it fell across 

her ass... then I brought the whip down hard again. I finished her off with a 

flurry of lashes over every inch of her body.



I then placed my hands behind her neck and slowly moved them to her wrists, and 

uncuffed her. I ran my fingers through her hair and pulled her off the chair 

into a standing position. She was rocking back and forth and was experiencing 

such an endorphin high, she could hardly stand. I wrapped my body around her and 

started to massage her pussy... faster and faster ... she whispered to me ... 

"Master, may I please cum?" I of course told her no ... not yet. I could feel 

her whole body tensing up ... she began to beg again for permission ...I told 

her I want to hear it loud... she began to hump my hand and she came... much 

quieter then I would have liked ... but still very sexy.



We hung out the rest of the night, exchanged phone numbers, and parted ways. I 

thought she would, at least, become a member of our little group, maybe even my 

girlfriend... but alas ... after a few weekends of e-mail and telephone 

conversations, ...she soon moved to Florida. We still keep in touch, via Instant 

Messages and all... but, of course, its not the same.





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Sir Anthony


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





