BDSM Library -  A Weekend with Sir Anthony




 A Weekend with Sir Anthony
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  Male Dom/Female sub, S&M, WS, Anal






A Weekend with Sir Anthony





Part One



We meet late Friday night, in Manhattan, for a drink. I can see the anticipation 

boiling over within you. You have imagined what a weekend might be like with me, 

what it would mean to fulfill your most intimate desires. Finding yourself on 

the brink of realization has you trembling with excitement and delight. As we 

leave the bar and head into the blackness of night, I remind you of your safe 

words. If at any time, what I do becomes too intense or uncomfortable, simple 

utter the word mercy, and I will ease up or slow down. If at any time, you are 

no longer enjoying yourself, the word red, will bring our time together to an 

end. As we walk, I promise to respect your limits, while devilishly pushing them 

to the verge of surrender. In a matter of moments you find yourself, holding my 

hand, at the entrance to dreams.



As we walk down the long black staircase, which leads to the Hellfire club, I 

can feel you trembling with excitement. We stop at the coat check so that you 

may remove your cover and reveal yourself to all. We part the curtain and enter 

the front of the club. You immediately feel every eye upon you, as you strut 

around in only a back bra, thong, and high heels. I introduce you to my friends 

as you place my fur lined leather collar around your neck stroke your hair, as 

you wrap the leather fur lined cuffs around your wrists and plant soft kisses 

and nibble on your ears, as you enshroud your ankles with my fur lined ankle 

restraints.



I lead you over to the huge chain link spider web and shackle you to it, facing 

the audience that has gathered around us. I slip the leather, fur lined, blind 

fold over your eyes as darkness befalls your senses. I glide my fingertips 

across your lips, your tongue swirls around it. I gently stroke your cheek, then 

slap it, I caress the other and slap it hard as well. My hands dance over your 

bra then from your wrists to your armpits. My touch quickly becomes tickling as 

you burst out with laughter. Your arms are secure high over your head, you try 

lower them as my tickling becomes more ravenous. I move up and down your body, 

the tickling is rapidly becoming an excruciatingly wicked torment. I allow you 

to catch a quick breath, slap your face, and resume your ticklish torture.



Suddenly, the tickling turns to scratching as I rake my fingernails along your 

flesh. I push my left hand firmly between your legs as my right claws you. I 

whisper softly in your ear that I want you to cum. I instruct you to cum load so 

that everyone watching will know how much of a little slut you really are. My 

fingernails are replaced by one of my softer leather whips.



I continue to stroke you with the whip as I feverishly massage your pussy 

through your panties. You begin to scream as you cum and yank on the chains your 

bound to. I wipe the sweat from your fore head, slip off the blindfold, and I 

release you from the webs hold. I fasten a leash to your collar and walk you 

into Hellfire's back room. I wrap my arms around you as we watch the evenings 

entertainment. Your eyes dance with delight as gaze upon a man being whipped by 

his Mistress, a young girl being torment with candle wax, another over her 

Masters knee receiving a spanking straight form the bowels of hell.



After an hour of watching others your head is absolutely spinning with desire. I 

order you to strip and place your bra and thong into my toy bag. I lead you on 

your leash, naked, with all eyes on you, into the far back rooms of the club. We 

peak into each of the small room, where couples are delightfully suffering the 

pleasures only decadence can bestow.



I move you into the first room on the left. There is a leather covered bondage 

horse in the center, the walls are gray cinder block and you are soon bound to 

the horse, with your ass facing the door. I whisper to you that you are to be 

punished for finding this all so exciting, for being such a nasty little girl. 

You are instructed to say each number followed by thank you Master you quietly 

node with agreement. I bring the leather down across your left ass cheek, the 

words, One, thank you Master! echo against the walls the second slaps you on the 

right Two, thank you Master! draws a crowd to the door. Your whipping continues, 

slowly, gently, then hard and quick crisscrossing your ass, up and down your 

thighs, I change whips Twenty five, thank you Master! I turn and stroke you back 

as the leather continues to fall upon your ass Thirty, thank you Master! I 

change to my paddles, rake my hands through your soft hair, twirling my 

fingertip along your ear lobe, Forty, thank you Master! I pinch, tug, and pull 

down on your nipples as the whipping continues



Fifty, thank you Master! I switch the paddles for my crops, first the flexible 

ones followed by my stiffest cane, each slapping your tender ass, again and 

again Seventy, thank you Master! I move on to my breaded satin whips Eighty, 

thank you Master! My bare hand slaps you for the next ten Ninety, thank you 

Master! I pick up my heaviest whip and bring it down upon you over and over 

until One hundred, thank you Master!



You deserve a reward for being such a filthy little whore, for loving your 

punishment so very much, for finding this all so delicious. I slip my finger 

along your dripping pussy, tickle your clit, and force two fingers deep into 

you. With my fingers moving in and out of your tight hole, I lay soft kisses 

over your trembling ass. I order you not to cum without permission, I want to 

make you beg, to tease you into ecstasy. Please Master, may I cum? My reply is, 

of course no., as I increase the speed at which I'm fingering your pussy. After 

a short time you cry out Please Master, may I please cum? Not yet, you dirty 

little slut. is my wicked reply. As I begin to slide other hand between your 

legs, you begin to shake and scream out Please Master! Please! I pause a moment 

then sternly command you to cum. Your cry of passion slams into every ones ears 

throughout the club.



With the night ending, I release you form your bounds, and pack up my toy bag. I 

do not hand you your bra and thong, instead you place your coat over your naked 

body and we leave the club.



We cuddle in the back of the cab, on our way to Penn Station. I walk you to the 

ticket window, no one knows our naughty little secret, no one knows your nude 

under your long coat. We board the train, sit in the last row, the conductor 

takes our money, and we settle back in for a long trip back.



As we ride toward home, I force your face down into crotch, you can feel my cock 

stiffening beneath my pants. I pull my rock hard cock out and force it deep down 

your slutty throat. I enjoy watch you gag, choke, and slobber all over me. I 

yank you up by the hair, slap you in the face hard, then, shove my thick cock 

back into your whorish mouth. You will continue to suck your Master form station 

to station until we are, at last, at the final stop. I hold you by the hand as 

we exit the train. I turn to you on the platform, glide my hands through your 

hair and passionately kiss you. Our tongues dance as I hold you tight with 

desire. I take your hand and we walk to the parking lot.



As we approach my car, I order you to remove your coat, and stand there naked in 

the parking lot. The cool, misty morning air kisses your nipples and they 

quickly grow firm and erect. I enter my car, slam the door, turn over the 

engine, and move piercing my eyes to you will I leave you there, in the parking 

lot, naked, awaiting to be ravaged by strangers, your pussy grows moist with 

anticipation. I reach over and unlock the door, as you move to get in, I 

instruct you to wait. I place both of my, delightfully sharp, Vampire gloves, 

points up on the passenger seat; and tell you to sit. Your naked ass is rapidly 

over come with torment; as one hundred devilishly wicked pin points begin to dig 

into your exposed cheeks. As we drive, back to my apartment, your breasts bounce 

and the spikes burrow deeper into you with each bump in the road.



I pull into my driveway, tell you to remain in the car, while I carry my toy bag 

back into the apartment. You are left sitting there, with the spikes still 

digging at your aching ass, for what seems like an eternity. I exit my apartment 

and approach the passenger side door and open it for you. As you get up we 

notice my Vampire gloves are stuck to you. I have you walk, naked, to my 

apartment door, I turn and kiss you, softly upon your lips, and we enter.



I lift the leather gloves from off your ass, as I begin caressing your flesh. My 

living room light reveals that your skin is reddened form your earlier whipping. 

My strong hands gently glide up and down your legs, across your back, through 

your hair, and along your breasts. Your legs buckle as I kiss the backs of your 

knees My hot mouth splits your pussy lips apart as I start to whip your clit 

with my tongue. I devoir your dripping flesh with feverishly sweet fury until 

you cum. I lay your limp body upon your back, and slide my thick cock along your 

quivering crotch. Your eyes come to life with a gasp, as I push myself deep into 

you and open my little girl up wide.



I take you, with your legs together, apart, up over your head and back again. I 

flip you around and have you from behind with animalistic passion. I pull back 

by a loch of your hair as I slip my fingers into your parched mouth, so that you 

may suck them, like the little whore you are. I whisper into and bite you ears 

as you orgasm explodes again. I turn you on your side, slide my dripping cock 

into your mouth, and stroke it while my other hand slips between your legs. I 

massage your clit and instruct you to tell me as your approach your climax. I 

wish for us to cum simultaneously. As you get closer my ecstasy heightens, as 

you get wetter my cock grows steadily harder, as you tighten and cum, I fill 

your mouth with my juice. You drink me down as I place a soft kiss on your 

forehead. I take you by both hands, guide you into my bedroom, lay you down upon 

my bed and we watch the sun begins to rise. As we fall asleep, cuddled in each 

others arms, your mind is filled with wonderment what does Saturday hold in 

store for you?



If you enjoyed this story, feel free to write to Sir Anthony at 

wilder7ac12@hotmail.com Part two is coming soon, I promise.





Part Two



You awaken Saturday morning from my bed, to find I'm not there. You arise and 

walk into my living room without seeing me. I silently slip behind you and rake 

my fingers through your hair; then step back to behold my little slave girl.



You stand naked before me as the blind fold plunges you into darkness. My 

fingertips dance along the outer edges of your ears as my palms caress your 

cheeks. A hard slap to your face snaps you back into submissiveness, a firm yank 

on your hair and your brought down to your knees. I pull and drag you into my 

bathroom by your hair, up, over, and into the empty bathtub. Your placed, arms 

at your sides, on your back the porcelain is cold and your nipples stiffen as I 

stand over you. You hear my zipper come down, you know I've pulled out my thick 

cock, the anticipation has you dizzy with excitement.



You feel the first drops of hot piss upon your belly, then your breasts, until, 

finally, a hard stream is splashing over your face. I order you to open your 

mouth, you obediently part your lips, your mouth quickly fills as I command you 

to swallow. You gulp down the first mouthful while my piss streams along your 

face and into your hair. You sense your pussy tighten as you're instructed to 

divide those lips so that I may empty myself into your mouth. Again and again 

your drink my piss until you feel the steady flow dissipate to a trickle on your 

belly. I lean forward and slip my cock into your mouth so that you may suck me 

dry.



As my once steaming piss begins to quickly cool, you can feel the sensation of a 

biting chill over taking your flesh. I step away from you and leave the 

bathroom, you're all alone, soaked in your Master's piss, cold and excited, 

trembling with the thought of what may happen next. I'm gone for what seems an 

eternity, then your heightened sense of hearing captures my footsteps as I 

return. You can hear that I've placed something on the floor, perhaps several 

things, you're not certain, but not knowing what will happen next, has your 

boiling with the thrill of the unknown.



A loud crack, snaps you to ridged attention, the following twisting and 

crackling sounds, which echo off the ceramic tile, race fear throughout your 

body. You know something is coming, but what? Then you buckle, as the first 

dozen ice cubes hit your breasts, a second ice cube tray cracks and another 

dozen land on your belly, a hard snap and twist precede the next dozen which 

fall upon your neck and shoulders, chilling ice hits your thighs, knees and 

feet. You begin to shiver as a place soft warm kisses on your lips, shake, as I 

nibble and bite on your ears, and quiver with freezing passion as suck and lick 

your neck. I pull away to gaze, in delight, at my little slaves torment.



Suddenly, you feel the rush of cold water pouring form the faucet onto your 

feet. The frigid bath water begins to slowly move up your legs, over taking your 

body, increasing your icy torture. The frosty water submerges your shoulders, 

neck and ears, until only your face and breasts are above the surface. You are 

shaking uncontrollably while I pinch and tug on your rock hard nipples. The 

floating ice cubes are bumping against your face and body, as my tongue is 

passionately and feverishly swirling around in your mouth. I pull away and 

you're left with only the bitter sound of freezing water against your submerged 

ears. You so want to please your Master, you know I'm watching you, you know I 

delight in watching you suffer, but, how long will this last, how much can you 

endure.



Then, without warning, a drop of candle was bites into your breast. You nearly 

jump out of the icy bath water, the heat is massively intense due to your body 

being so viciously cold. Your head is above the surface as the second and third 

drops of molten wax hit your breast. I order my little slut to lay back down, 

you obediently comply, and once again your ears fall below the water. Your 

breasts feel as though they are on fire while the rest of your body is plunged 

into the unpalatable cold. You hear the submerged echo of the drain opening as 

the wax continues to burn your breasts and nipples. As the water level drops the 

scorching wax burns into your exposed flesh, until the bath is emptied.



I step into the bathtub, turn and face your feet. I continue to drip the 

blistering wax up and down your legs, belly, and breasts as I squat down onto 

your face. I instruct you to lick and my asshole and kiss my balls, while I 

unrelentlessly pour the wax onto my little whore, engulfing you in pain. I then 

break off the hardened wax from each nipple, turn the candle flame toward you 

and push the burning wick into both nipples. Searing pleasure races throughout 

your body as I put the candles out on your nipples. I slide up and slip my rock 

hard thick cock into your mouth and down your throat. My hand slaps your crotch, 

my fingernails claw the wax from your pussy, as I slowly move my mouth toward 

your little hole.



I absolutely devour your pussy, my fingers slip inside you, I animalistically 

gorge myself on you. My face is soaked with your juice as I whip your clit with 

my tongue. My cock is pounding the back of your throat as you plead, between 

breaths, for permission to cum. "Not yet you little whore!" is my unmerciful 

reply, as I pull you out of the bathtub by your hair. You land on the hard tile 

floor, I raise the lid of my toilet, yank you up onto your knees and place you 

in front of my toilet bowel. I squirt baby oil, which engulfs your ass in the 

slippery wet lubrication of my choice. I force my fingers deep into your ass, 

preparing you for cock.



My thick cock opens your ass wide as thrust myself deep into you. I whisper for 

you to take a breath, then I stick you head in the toilet water, I yank you up 

by your hair, you catch a quick gulp of air, then I shove your face under water 

again. This time I hold you firmly submerged. I am ravaging your tight little 

asshole as I flush the toilet. You're burning for air, impatiently awaiting for 

the water level to drop low enough for you to breath. The bowel empties enough 

that you can take a breath as I drive myself into your ass. The toilet quickly 

fills and you're, once again, underwater, held there forcefully by my hand.



I rip my cock from your ass, pull your head out of the toilet, flinging you 

around, your hair is dripping wet as I order you to suck me clean. You run your 

mouth and tongue all over my cock, tasting every inch. I jerk your head back, 

slap your face, and command you to part your lips. My hot cum drowns your 

tongue, fills your mouth. I order you not to swallow it, you are to hold it in 

your mouth until I give you permission to drink my cum.



As you kneel before me, with you closed mouth filled with creamy nectar, I order 

you to play with yourself. Your finger tips gently tickle your clit, part your 

moistened pussy lips, as I stroke your face. I whisper how proud I am of my 

little slave, as you intensify your masturbation. I caress and glide my hands 

over your breasts as your fingers slip deeper into yourself. I can sense by your 

breathing that your ready to cum, you can only mumble, with all my juice in your 

mouth, when I tell you "not yet." I can see your eyes tighten as you hold back 

your orgasm. I tease you and tweak your nipples "does my little slut wanna cum?" 

You part you lips and gurgly reply, as best you can with a mouth full of cum 

"Yes Master." I sadistically whisper "Not yeeeeeeeet" As you body starts to 

convulse, your hips are bucking, breasts shaking, you're on the verge of 

exploding. I run my fingers through your hair as your whole body is shaking. I 

order you to swallow my cum, which you gulp down with one hard swallow then with 

my lips against your ear, you at long last hear the words you've been burning 

for "cum for me." Your screams of passion echo off the tiled bathroom walls as 

you collapse into my arms.



I hold you there, as tears of happiness and fulfillment pour from your eyes. I 

lift you from the floor and carry you into my bedroom. I lay your head upon my 

pillow and bring the blankets up over your shoulders, slip into bed with you and 

wrap my arms around your still trembling body. A soft kiss is placed on your 

cheek as you drift off to sleep.



Pleasant dreams, my dear, good night.





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Sir Anthony


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





