BDSM Library -  A Mistress and Her Slut




 A Mistress and Her Slut
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  This story deals with my tales of a Mistress and her sluts; it is quite descriptive and graphic.  Please enjoy a glimpse into my dark fantasy world.






A Mistress and Her Slut



Mistress Ambyr waited for her little slut; she had a fun evening planned for. 

This was the beginning of a new relationship with her new little girl, 

Cristinna. She was excited because she oh so loved making a new girl her 

personal slut, slut a loving term for her that only her favorite girls got 

called.



She looked at her room with the huge king size bed to play on with its fluffy 

bedspread and big soft pillows for her girls to hold while she loved them.



She also had a big comfy couch for other girls or guys to sit and watch if they 

were deserving of that honor, she went back to her huge mirrored wall to look at 

herself one more time.



She was wearing her Mistress's black satin robe and her favorite white satin see 

through panties, she rubbed her hands over her sexy hips and ass loving the feel 

of the satin on her ripe young skin. She saw that her crotch was getting wet 

from thinking about her little Cris, mmm, well Cris will enjoy that.



But she needed to be more wet, soaking in fact, so she went to her dresser and 

opened the top drawer, inside was lots of different toys. Huge strap on dongs, 

double dildos, anal beads, butt plugs, and vibrators, she got out her favorite 

vibrator and lay on the bed. She clicked it on and turned it up to full speed, 

rubbing it against her clit though her panties.



Oh yes, it felt so good she was getting wetter by the second, she rubbed it up 

and down between her perfect shaped lips, pushing at her tight hole. After about 

10 minutes she came hard through her panties, now she was soaked for when Cris 

got here. She put it away and walked to her kitchen, when the doorbell rang.



Mistress Ambyr walked to the door and opened it and there was little Cristinna, 

oh she looked so naughty and sexy. She was wearing a tight pink top with a 

little skirt and knee high pink stockings. Mistress Ambyr invited her in and 

hugged her, and then she took her to her bedroom.



She pulled her top off and undid her satiny bra, here tiny nipples were pointy 

and hard, so cute, Mistress Ambyr couldn't wait to bite and twist them. She took 

off her skirt and saw the black satin panties underneath, it formed to her tight 

little ass perfectly, and she let her keep her stockings on and told her to get 

on her knees. Cris gladly did, she could feel the excitement building as she 

looked at her incredibly sexy Mistress, standing before her with her robe and 

white panties on.



Her tits were small but perfect with hard nipples longer than hers, she wished 

she could suck them for her sometime. Thinking about feeling them on her lips 

and feeling them in her mouth as she sucked them. Mistress Ambyr then dropped 

her robe and came forward until her panties was in Cris's face; Cris could smell 

her Mistress's sweet pungent scent through her panties and see her perfect lips 

through them.



She was getting wet just smelling her and being this close to her, Mistress 

Ambyr then spread her legs wider and told Cris to get underneath her with one 

hand on her belly and the other on her sexy ass with her face in her crotch, she 

gladly got into the position, smelling her scent even more now and feeling the 

wetness so close to her face.



Mistress told her to rub her hair and face in her crotch so she would smell like 

her pussy, letting any other girl know she was taken. Cris rubbed all over her 

crotch loving the feel of her wet juice covering her face and hair, she pushed 

her nose in her hole through the panties smelling deep and getting Mistress's 

juice in her nose so she would smell it forever.



Oh, Mistress Ambyr smelled so good! Then Mistress Ambyr told her to suck from 

her panties covered hole, Cris was so lucky, she started sucking juice from her 

panties happily, it tasted better than she ever imagined and she loved being 

buried in her Mistress's crotch like this. Her hands rubbed on Mistress's belly 

and ass feeling her tight skin while sucking deeply at her covered hole.



Mistress Ambyr meanwhile was loving this more than anything, feeling a little 

slut under her sucking her juice from her panties and smelling like her pussy, 

she loved making girls sluts for her and Cris was definitely becoming the best 

so far!



Mistress Ambyr then stepped away from Cris and put her hands on the bed leaning 

forward, now came a part that usually let her know if this was going to be a 

good slut for her, some girls didn't like this part but Mistress Ambyr loved 

this the most! She told Cris to get behind her and pull her panties off; Cris 

did with her teeth carefully pulling it down to her Mistress's feet and off. 

Mistress Ambyr spread her legs some and told Cris she wanted her to lick her 

tight little ass hole.



Cris said she couldn't wait to taste her Mistress's tight hole, mmmm, right 

answer, Cris may be the best slut yet. Mistress Ambyr spread her cheeks open 

reveling her tight hole for Cris, Mistress Ambyr told Cris to lick her hole very 

good and she may get a reward. Cris put her face in between her Mistress's 

cheeks and smelled her sexy ass, it smelled so wonderful! She put her tongue to 

her hole and licked around it tasting it, Cris loved the taste of her Mistress's 

ass and licked faster feeling her Mistress move her hips around. Mistress told 

to her to lick deep and Cris pushed her tongue inside the tight hole licking 

inside, her face firmly nestled between her Mistress's cheeks.



Licking and sucking, swirling and tonguing, she loved it, she only wished she 

might get to lick the pussy that was so close yet so far, she truly hoped her 

Mistress was liking her licking and pushed deeper. Mistress Ambyr was in so much 

pleasure from her little slut's tongue licking deep in her tight ass, she pushed 

her ass back against her face feeling Cris's tongue go deeper. After about ten 

minutes of having her ass hole licked it was wet and juicy, she pushed Cris away 

and said what a wonderful tongue she had. Mistress Ambyr told Cris that she did 

very, very good!



She saw Cris's eyes burning with lust and knew she was dying to lick her pussy 

so she told her to get on the bed with her legs spread. Cris climbed on the huge 

bed loving the feel of satin sheets under her and did as she was told spreading 

her legs wide for Mistress Ambyr.



Mistress Ambyr told Cris this was the third part of the ritual, one Cris would 

most likely enjoy greatly. Cris was quivering with delight wondering what was to 

come, she couldn't believe how fun and exciting this night was. Mistress Ambyr 

looked at her slut, her sexy legs spread, her pink stockings, her black satin 

panties covering her pussy, she loved the clash between the black and pink.



Mistress Ambyr felt herself getting wetter, oh yes; this was so much fun! She 

climbed on the bed crawling between her slut's legs, kissing and licking her 

thighs. She got right next to her panties-covered pussy, smelling her delicious 

smell strongly and sucking juice from her soaking crotch. Mmmm, Cris smelled and 

tasted so good!



Mistress Ambyr pulled her panties off and got back down wrapping her hands under 

her slut's hips and holding them tight. She spread her little pussy lips open 

with her tongue and licked deep swirling round her clit and licking up and down 

her pussy. She pushed her tongue deep into Cris's tight hole hearing Cris's 

cries of pleasure knowing her slut was loving having her Mistress eat her pussy.



Mistress Ambyr sucked deep on her tight hole licking juice right out of it, her 

sluts pussy dripping and juicy, she licked harder and faster digging her nails 

into her hips and pushing her face harder between her legs. Cris screamed she 

was going to cum and asked if she could, begged her Mistress. Mistress Ambyr 

told her to cum in her mouth so she could swallow her slut's cum.



Cris exploded into orgasm feeling her Mistress's mouth covering her hot 

squirting hole, sucking and swallowing the rushing flood of cum. Mistress Ambyr 

swallowed the hot creamy cum flowing out into her mouth, loving the taste and of 

it. She couldn't get enough and sucked harder on her slut's pussy. Cris was 

crying out in pleasure and cumming hard, Mistress kept swallowing and sucking 

her hole. Wanting all the cum her slut could give.



Cris was holding her Mistress's head tightly squeezing her legs around her head, 

trying not to be to rough but she couldn't help it, it felt so good. She 

couldn't believe her Mistress had let her cum in her mouth and swallowed it all, 

she was so happy that her Mistress approved of her flavor, smell and taste.



Mistress Ambyr rose up and threw her legs over Cris and straddled her slut in 

front of her face. Mistress Ambyr told her the final part was here and was going 

to reward Cris for doing better than any other slut she had ever trained. 

Mistress Ambyr climbed over her slut's face and rubbed her sopping pussy all 

over her face, her hair, eyes, and burying her nose in her pussy so Cris would 

never forget her Mistress's smell.



She then settled firmly on her slut's mouth with her little bush seated against 

her slut's nose and began to hump sensually. Grinding her pussy on her face hard 

and wrapping her fingers in her hair pulling it hard. Mistress Ambyr loved doing 

this last test, humping roughly on her slut's face not even caring if hurt only 

wanting her pleasure. She humped harder and pulled her slut's hair more making 

sure her slut's face was firmly buried in her crotch.



Cris's tongue was deep inside Mistress's hole licking round and round, getting 

all the sweet juice she could, feeling her Mistress hump her face so hard. 

Mistress Ambyr heard her slut's muffled cries and knew she was humping too rough 

but oh well, this was her slut to abuse or pleasure if she wished. Mistress 

Ambyr looked down at her slut seeing only her eyes and nose buried in her soft 

bush, she humped harder on her, bending her nose forcefully, exulting in the 

feel of her tongue licking deep inside her tight juicy hole. She told her slut 

that she was doing so good and to take the pain of her rough humping as she 

would get her reward very soon now, Cris licked deeper gulping at Mistress's 

hole and moaning pleasure even though her Mistress was being so rough.



Mistress Ambyr felt herself begin to cum and moaned loudly, squirting thickly 

into her slut's mouth filling it with her cum. She kept pumping flowing and 

filling her slut's mouth again and again. It felt so good to feel Cris under her 

swallowing her cum down almost gagging on how fast it was filling her mouth. She 

told Cris that she had better swallow it all and not let a drop of her 

Mistress's precious cum escape or she would fail this final test, and Mistress 

Ambyr really wanted Cris for her slut.



She came harder until she pushed the last mouthful of cum out and felt her slut 

swallow it down then slid off her hot mouth. Mistress Ambyr looked at her little 

slut's glistening face covered with her juice and saw that she had swallowed all 

her cum.



"Very good! Little slut, you did it, I'm so proud of you, now you are my slut 

totally."



Mistress Ambyr licked the juice from her slut's face and slid her body next to 

her holding her tightly and snuggling against her. Listening to Cris's little 

cries and moans of pleasure at completing the initiation ritual, she was so 

lucky she had been able to swallow all her Mistress's cum as no girl she had 

ever been with had cum that much. She thought she was going to die under her, 

barely able to breathe but knowing her Mistress needed to be so rough and hard.



She kissed her Mistress's cheek softly saying how happy she was and how she 

loved her Mistress so much. Mistress Ambyr held her tenderly and kissed her 

mouth licking inside tasting her cum on her lips and tongue. Then she got up and 

got a slim white satin neckband with a little gold clasp, her collar that she 

put on her sluts if they passed the ritual.



She carefully put it on Cris's neck and closed the clasp and told to her to wear 

it always. Cris started crying because she was so happy to be her Mistress's 

slut and asked if she could stay the night and sleep with her Mistress. Mistress 

Ambyr gladly snuggled back with her and held her tight in her arms. They both 

slept a wonderful sleep filled with dreams of further adventure as Mistress and 

Slut. A Mistress's love is rough but oh so delicious.





Review This Story
 || Email Author:     DamonChyld


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





