BDSM Library - Amber and Sinndy Make it Hurt




Amber and Sinndy Make it Hurt
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:   Femdom, B/D, Lesbian and hetero sex, Oral, Forced masturbation, NC






Amber and Sinndy Make it Hurt





The air was crisp and chilly enough to perk the largest fattest nipples. Amber 

and Sinndy smiled devilishly to each other as Amber pulled away in the 1993 

Suburban. The back seats had been ripped from their lodges in the floor to make 

room for Eric, the luscious blonde grungy beauty they'd seen at the TSOL punk 

show. He had been smiling at them as they sparked the joint out on the lawn 

right before TSOL came onstage. He approached them, and left smiling, high, and 

with a great handjob. Sinndy's eyes, squinted from the weed, were as glossy as 

her lips from Eric's creamy, thick jism. She clutched the beer receipt on which 

Eric had barely scribbled his home address and Amber knew this would be the one. 

They began to talk.



They neared Eric's house and the breaks were loud enough to summon him to the 

door. He smiled again at the two dark-haired beauties waiting in the car for 

him. Amber, with her full lips and almond-shaped eyes flashed him a seductive 

smile, fluttering her left eyelid downward in a wink as she flicked her pink 

pierced tongue at him. She loved how her tongue bar clinked softly against the 

round hoop in her lip, and so did Sinndy. In any case, Sinndy, smiling that 

Amber had silently given this kid some hard meat, so to speak, lifted her black 

mesh see-through top and gave Eric an eyeful of the most luscious cream-colored 

nipples he had seen, his father's porno flicks included. Sinndy opened the door 

and jumped from the passenger side, watching Eric's eyes bounce to her jiggling 

titties, whose nipples were apparent through the shirt anyway. Her tight leather 

black skirt and slutty vinyl black spike heels made her tight little ass seem 

like a tasty treat, and it was.



"So," Eric stammered, "where is this surprise place we're going to?" He shuffled 

to keep his hard on a secret from the horny girls. Sinndy pushed a petite finger 

to her burgundy-painted puckered lips and shoved Eric into the back of the 

Burban. "Shit, there's no seats!" Amber laughed as Sinndy closed and locked the 

door's child lock from the inside. Amber locked the doors in the front and 

started the car. Eric, too turned on to know he'd been trapped, only smiled 

softly to the beautiful girl who leaned on her hands and knees, giving him some 

lewd tongue-flickings aimed toward his crotch. "Man," Eric stammered. "Am I 

gonna like this?" A question, or a statement? He was not sure, and Amber and 

Sinndy did not care.



Sinndy moved closer to Eric and moved her hand to his warm crotch, rubbing his 

cock through the torn jeans. She sat up and patted her chest. "Turn around and 

I'll pull out that hard cock and you can lean your head on my tits." Sounded 

like an awkward position, but this 19-year-old grunge-rocker complied, simply 

because his penis was the only brain-like structure at work right now. Metal 

clinked behind him while Sinndy kept her promise and removed Eric's cock from 

his pants with soft, yet nimble finger motions. Her delicate fingertips, awkward 

for a punk rocker, caressed the tip of his dick, rubbing clear, salty precum 

over the fleshy helmet, and lowered her hand, to a grip over his now 7' hard 

cock. "Give me your hands so I can guide them to my pussy, we're almost there." 

Eric slid his hands upward to Sinndy, who delicately licked and suckled his very 

sensitive wrists... and snapped to quickly cuff them. "It's ok baby, this is 

going to be so much fun." Sinndy bent his arms behind his back; his wrists still 

bound by the metal rings. "Lift your ass," Sinndy commanded as the car stopped. 

It had only been about a 20-minute ride, but southern California was a great 

place, mountains 20 minutes away from desert, and a beach only 20 minutes away 

from each. The mountains, though, is where they wound up. A quaint little cabin 

waited for them. Eric lifted his ass and, as he was asked, slid his legs from 

his pants, kicking his shoes off as well. He sat now, in cute little white 

undies, at which Amber and Sinndy could not help but laugh. Amber unlocked the 

door and pulled it open. Her jet-black hair, spiked and purple in the back, 

glistened in the early morning sun. The cabin looked so peaceful...



"You got his feet cuffed?" Sinndy only smiled at Eric's surprised expression. He 

felt uncomfortable. "That will not do," Amber protested. Sinndy made her way to 

his feet as Amber leaned in close to Eric's ear. "Baby, we're going to do shit 

to you that you've never thought of. Your body is going to be our playpen, and 

we are like destructive children. I'm going to bite your dick so hard that 

you're gonna think I bit it off, and then I'm going to shove something giant up 

your asshole, you little boy-whore." With a maniacal laugh, Amber lifted a spike 

and steel band of bracelets wound around her forearm, and brought her closed 

fist right into Eric's lips. Eric grunted, Amber pulled back, and the cuffs 

clicked about Eric's ankles as Sinndy made a few swift movements around his 

crotch. Amber twisted Eric's ear and his eyes shut tightly at the sharp pain in 

his groin. He opened them; lip still curled, to see Sinndy's grin and his poor 

penis gnawed at the tip. It throbbed in pain, but his erection remained.



"OW! You fucking bitch! You bit my fucking cock!"



Sinndy smiled again. "You're the bitch here, you cunt boy." With that, she flung 

her pretty hand over his pretty cheek while Amber slipped something cold and 

pointy around Eric's dick. He leaped back, but bound as he was, he could not get 

far. "What the fu-" He looked to his dick and to Amber's empty wrist. The spike 

bracelet that was always around her left wrist was gone, and turned inside out, 

sitting nicely around his penis. His penis was cute... not actually large enough 

to be considered a REAL cock, but the veins and its beautiful length (yes, it 

lacked girth) made the girls wet from the start. His cut penis was purple at the 

head and twitched at the torture jewelry. The points only dug in a little and 

there were two thin leather straps tied around each side. He did not know what 

was going on, and he was scared. He cursed the two girls who laughed at him. 

Amber kicked the door open all the way and smiled at Sinndy with a quirk of the 

neck. "We better get this prick into the cabin before someone drives by." The 

ring kept him hard as he sweated in the nippy mountain air. Sinndy, still 

crouching inside the van, picked her foot up, aimed for the kid's skinny ass, 

and shoved him out of the car. Eric fell onto his face and Amber and Sinndy 

giggled at the washed-out shit stain streaked in the back of his tightie 

whities. Eric, attempting to scramble to his feet, fell again onto his face, 

legs and arms bound without any way of keeping his balance. The starchy snow 

remained on his hairy legs and ass as Amber pulled him up by the cuffs. Sinndy, 

having trouble in her spiked heels, grabbed the leather straps that fluttered 

from his cock jewelry in the breezes of the struggle, and tied them onto the 

handcuffs, so that whenever Eric moved his hands, he was digging the beautiful 

steel spikes into his dick. They were not sharp enough to break the skin upon 

instant contact, but they were sharp enough to hurt and dig and eventually sit 

in the meaty dents. Amber loved this idea of Sinndy's and licked her neck when 

they finally got Eric on his feet.



Amber smiled, "Now, whore boy, you are going to follow our directions, and you 

are going to do it cheerfully." Amber's voice was soft and had a sexy rasp to 

it, though it was very demanding and strong.



"Fuck you," the boy mustered.



Amber grinned wickedly and yanked his handcuffs backward. Eric's shrill scream 

shook Amber's eardrums and Sinndy, also obviously annoyed, reached back and, 

with a swift jerk of the forearm, knocked Eric on his face, leaving Amber still 

holding the leather straps which controlled the spiked toy around his dick. 

Amber, not letting go of the leather, snickered at Sinndy's smack. "We better 

get him inside." She peeked at Sinndy's beautiful perked nipples, "It's 

obviously cold out here for you." Sinndy nodded and reached into the opened 

Suburban window for a black duffel bag. She slung it over her shoulders and 

locked the car up. Amber, already having picked Eric up, pushed him to the door. 

"Try anything funny, you fucking cunt, and I'll rip your dick off with your 

noodle nozzle." Sinndy burst into laughter at Amber's comment as she fumbled for 

the keys, and, finally, pushed open the door with her shoulder. She dropped the 

duffel bag and held the door open for the apprehensive slut toy and the 

beautiful thick-skinned girl pushing him inward.



Sinndy closed the door after them and reached into the duffel bag for the black 

bandanna. Her damp hole had become wetter since she had her eyes on Amber. Her 

black overshirt hid her black bra and hung lower on her legs than her vinyl 

shorts, and her high boots climbed up her creamy white thighs, an inch from 

meeting the hems of her shorts. Her short dyed black hair swished with each of 

her movements and her shaved neck prickled with the cold. Amber grabbed the 

bandana from Sinndy and tied it around Eric's head. He opened his mouth to 

protest, but a quick yank of the leather straps shut him up. "Eric, you fucking 

piece of slimy shit, speak when I tell you to. I'm your mistress now." Sinndy 

giggled and Amber shot her a look. Still looking at her, Amber began to rub her 

nipple through her bra under her coat, still keeping hold of the leather bands. 

It hardened under her fingers as she spoke. "I am going to use you today, and 

put you back when I am done. You will be mauled, spent, and tired. You probably 

wont like the pain as much as Sinndy and I will, but you may." Eric, despite his 

throbbing (with pain) penis, fought to hide a smirk.



Sinndy's heels clicked against the hardwood floor and stopped in front of the 

blindfolded half-naked man. His body was extremely white in color, save for his 

flushed cheeks and farmer tan. He was very thin, scrawny almost, but his 

shoulder-length dirty blonde hair was gorgeous. Sinndy leaned over and 

whispered, "and if you tell anyone, we'll kill you... and rape your dog with a 

razor dildo... got it?"



Eric, pissed off that she would say something like this, could only nod, for he 

felt the leather bands pull against his sides. Amber walked to the duffel bag, 

handing Sinndy the dick reins, and took out half a handcuff, broken off from the 

last time that Sinndy and Amber got a little crazy with the bed. Sinndy was 

eating Amber's pussy so well that Amber just had to rip her hand from its bounds 

to scratch Sinndy's back in thanks for the multiple stomach imploding orgasms. 

Amber reached for an empty Bud Dry bottle (yeah, so they drank beer, but they 

weren't total dykes, look at the gorgeous boy whimpering under them) and put the 

cold mouth of the bottle to his head. "This, my sweet, is a gun." She clicked 

the handcuff and Sinndy hid a giggle. "And it's loaded. I'm going to be holding 

it at all times, and you are to do what I say... do you understand." Sinndy 

ached to pull the reins back, but Eric nodded fervently. Amber pulled the spiked 

dick ring from Eric's cock that went limp immediately. She set the bottle and 

half-cuff onto the duffel bag softly.



Sinndy leaned over and pushed her lips against Amber's ear. "Let's get him hard 

and have him jerk his dick off." Amber, pleased with the suggestion, whipped her 

hand between Sinndy's legs; feeling for her damp pussy, sodden with her sex 

juices. She fingered Sinndy's pantiless cunt, and Sinndy whimpered loudly. Amber 

was loud in her commands for Sinndy to "say that you like me to finger fuck you, 

whore. Tell me that you like your pussy rubbed."



Sinndy moaned softly, "Amber, oh baby, I love your fingers in my hole, twist my 

clit baby, please."



"Yeah, baby." Amber's fingers were sloppy with Sinndy's pussy purposely, so that 

the smacks and wet slips slurped loudly for Eric to hear. He wanted to touch his 

fucking dick so badly. It was still in pain, but it was getting hard at the two. 

Each stripped their clothing off until they both stood in their bras. Sinndy's 

flat muscular stomach was beautiful. Her pierced navel called to Amber's mouth, 

and she licked from her bellybutton to her shaved muff, staying away from her 

pink exposed clit just now. Still in their bras and boots, they asked Eric if he 

liked what he heard, and he nodded. Amber asked if they let him jerk off and 

touch them, would he behave and do as they said. He nodded again. Amber picked 

the bottle up and shoved it into his temple as a reminder as Sinndy leaned over 

Eric to undo one of his cuffs. Her tit jobbled across his face and Amber's pussy 

began to drip. She watched the round ass of her female companion stretch with 

her, contracting as she worked to stand and cuff him to the wall, leaving one of 

his hands free.



"That hand, you fucking pig, is MY hand. Unless Sinndy or I tell you to do 

something with it, it stays at your fucking side." Amber warned him with a sharp 

elbow jab to the abdomen. "Touch your dick," she commanded. Sinndy stood and 

began to kiss his balls through his undies. Eric put his hand under his briefs 

to his dick and began to jerk it off. Amber smiled as Sinndy, with her free 

hand, gave her a short leather whip. She smacked it against the ass of the boy. 

"I didn't tell you to jerk it off, you stupid pig." Eric hated the sting of the 

whip immediately. Its searing burn combined with the stinging cold of the cabin 

sent waves of pain through his legs. Amber, confused, looked at the welts 

beginning to rise from the creamy flesh of the young man. A normal whip wouldn't 

have done something like this. She inspected the whip, and saw that half-razor 

blades had been tied into the straps of leather cascading from the handle. 

Sinndy watched Amber. She was unsure as to what she felt about such a surprise 

and, actually, feared her a little bit. The fear was sexy, though... Amber 

returned the glance and smirked nefariously. She dropped the whip and opened her 

legs, begging for Sinndy's luscious pink tongue now! "Oh Sinndy, you fucking 

bitch. That was awesome, come and lick my pussy, baby!" Amber ignored the young 

boy's bleeding flesh and held her snatch open for the curvaceous beauty.



Sinndy scrambled to bury her face into Amber's juicy snatch. Her velvety meaty 

pussy lips grabbed Sinndy's mouth and flooded her teeth and tongue with an 

instant orgasm. Sinndy's tongue whirled about Amber's yummy cunt, flipping her 

clit around her tongue and brushing her teeth against her exposed gap. Wet 

sloppy sounds were thick and sticky in the air, and Eric's dick began to stir as 

he continued to listen. Amber, squirming and moaning in orgasm, reached over to 

Eric's penis, which had grown to a full erection, and began to stroke it. 

Whimpering in pleasure and another orgasm building in her loins, she commanded, 

"Jerk your fucking dick off, Eric. Take your long dick and smack it until you 

cum." Sinndy's own pussy was flowing with wetness, and stirred more in its 

swollen state upon Amber's command of the boy. She looked up for a second and 

saw Eric's hand enveloping his medium sized purple-headed cock, and his arm 

muscles, as small as they were, contracting and releasing as he jerked his dick 

off vigorously. Amber moaned loudly, whimpering Sinndy's name. Sinndy shoved two 

fingers into Amber's tight pussy hole and Amber almost screamed with delight as 

her pussy pulled her fingers into it. Her muscles shoved down into Sinndy's 

digging fingers and ran a hot river of gooey female cum all over her wrist as 

Amber jerked around in a furiously violent orgasm. "Oh Sinndy! Finger fuck this 

cunt! Shove your fingers into it deep! Make it hurt!"



Eric's low grunts began to morph into light and cooish "oohs" and "uuhs" as he 

neared orgasm. Amber sat up with Sinndy's help, as planned, and aimed her tits 

to point at Eric's quivering dick, which was almost ready to explode. "Eric, 

with your cock, find my tits. They're right in front of you. I want you shoot 

your cum all over them. Cover them in your cream baby," she plead with him. 

Eric, seeming to forget the pain and humiliation for them moment, only thought 

of his dick and the two titties his dick was going to be searching for. He took 

his cock into both hands and began to rub gently. Sinndy's fingers had found 

Amber's asshole, and with her free hand, Sinndy smacked Eric across the face. 

"She said JERK it off, you fucking slut boy! Next time I'll use the whip!"



"Uh, oh yeah... " Eric began stroking more ferociously. Sinndy and Amber were 

both quite surprised that the boy had nodded and jerked harder as commanded and 

Amber's swollen pussy dripped onto Sinndy's wrist as Sinndy fished in her ass 

for pressure and pleasure points. Eric began to stammer some strange words and 

his hot white load shot all over Amber's huge tits. Thin ropes of white cream 

shot from the boy's purple-headed cock, lining Amber's brown nipples nicely. 

Sinndy scrambled to lick her left tit clean but the cumming Amber shook her head 

no.



"Wipe your wrist on my tits, Sinndy, and get the 'gun'." Amber winked and Sinndy 

did as was suggested of her. Her forearm brushed across the now warm, yet 

puckered nipple as she wiped the sop from her flesh. Amber, still panting in 

orgasm, pushed the mouth of the bottle to Eric's temple and shoved her tits to 

his face. "Lick them clean, you fucking worm. Bite and you're 3 feet away from 

being buried in the snow like the bullet will be in your fucking head." Eric 

nodded; his gorgeous grungy blonde locks shaking with his head as he extended 

his wet pink tongue. He found her nipple and curled his tongue over it; his 

spent dick still jumped slightly in his excitement of being forced to suck the 

girl's tits. "Shit," he thought, "I'd do this without all the torture..." But he 

kept quiet and cleaned the girl's round breasts with some serious tongue 

lappings. His own cream tasted odd in his mouth, but the sweet tart of her cunt 

water made it worth the sore tongue.



He couldn't lean in any more as Amber's tits drew back and his wrists chafed 

against the steel cuffs holding him in place. Amber nudged Sinndy and made a 

motion toward the site of the young boy squirming and trying his best to reach 

the tit of the gone girl.



Sinndy smirked wickedly. She leaned over and flicked her tongue over Amber's ear 

as her other hand reached to twist the girl's nipple. "It seems that the boy is 

liking this, my dear," she whispered as she plunged her finger to Amber's crotch 

and buried it between her lips. Amber whimpered and Eric heard and stopped 

licking at the air.



"Did you like that, Eric?" Amber sneered. Eric nodded and Amber turned to 

Sinndy, standing up. Amber's tits were becoming tight under the thin layer of 

what was left of the cum bath. Both had gotten naked and were standing now. 

"That will not do, dear," and Sinndy nodded in agreement. Amber bent over, 

offering her spread ass to Sinndy as she reached for the whip. Sinndy darted her 

face and buried it Amber's ass. Amber crouched as she stood back up, still 

giving Sinndy the room to lick her tight asshole. Sinndy spread the wrinkled 

anus to fit around her tongue as she plunged it in. Amber's anus was already wet 

with her pussy juices, so Sinndy reached back into the duffel bag as her partner 

rose, saliva dripping from her asshole. Amber lifted a hand and lashed the whip 

downward. The lovely crack of the whip chimed beautifully with the cry of agony 

as the whip's metal shards dug and were snapped upward from his flesh. The boy's 

face, wracked with pain, twisted as he panted for air and jerked violently 

against his restraints.



"Amber, c'mon. That shit fucking hurts. I'll do whatever you want me to, you 

don't have to do that!"



Sinndy laughed loudly. "Yes she does! You're not supposed to tell us you like 

it, so if you do, keep it a secret. Don't ruin it!" And with that, Sinndy took 

her foot and shoved the toe of her shoe into the dropped chin of the aching boy, 

sending him backward. His bleeding backside slammed against the wall and his 

feet shuffled against his underwear and the puddle of piss he'd left on the 

floor. Amber shook her head in humor as Sinndy reached for the duffel bag again. 

She shoved her hand in and withdrew a handsome peach butt plug. Amber's eyes 

widened. That fucker was huge! The triangular object was in the shape of a 

Christmas tree with the stump and stand and everything. Amber grinned under her 

widened eyes and dropped the whip. Eric heard the whip drop and exhaled in 

relief, but jerked to attention again when Sinndy's low sexy voice asked, "Lube 

with this? Or not?" Amber pushed her fingers to her lips and nodded yes. Sinndy 

squealed and grabbed the tube of lube and handed it to Amber. Amber, now holding 

the "gun" shoved the bottle's mouth to Eric's cock and stood to maneuver it to 

the back of his head. "Try to escape and your brains will the lube, asshole." 

Eric nodded.



"Turn him around so that his dick pokes the cabin wall and cuff him again." And 

Sinndy did. Eric's beautiful ass cheeks were quivering as he shook in fear and 

Amber took the bottle from his head. "If you squirm, I'll make it hurt more," 

Amber slapped his face, "Got it?" Eric nodded. "I can't hear you!" Eric 

stammered a small "yes" and Sinndy looked to Amber. "Why don't you call me 

"Mistress" you whore boy?" Amber snarled with a closed fist punch flung to his 

left cheekbone. The smack of the punch made Sinndy's pussy lips drip in wetness 

again. Sinndy, with her free hand, took advantage of the scene in front of her 

as Amber took a dry finger and shoved it into his ass. "You like this, you whore 

boy?"



Eric grunted loudly in pain and bucked his dick into the cabin wall. "Yes, 

Mistress..." he managed through the pain. Amber was surprised and delighted, but 

did not show it. "Good, you little pussy." Amber shoved a second finger into his 

ass and motioned for her lovely assistant to hand her the plug, lube and whip. 

She hung the whip by its looped handle onto a nail in the wall so that the 

shards of metal stared at his legs, hips, balls, and dick from an inch away. 

"Stay in that position or you will be hurt." Sinndy shoved Eric into the whip 

and he screamed as he bucked backward to get away from the whip. "Understand?" 

Eric nodded and gave another "yes mistress." Through his whimpers and tears he 

pled with them to stop and the girls laughed. Amber reached for the plug and 

stood up with the lube in the other hand. She pushed her face to his ear and 

began to whisper, "this is going to hu-" Eric slammed his head into Amber's 

mouth and face, breaking her nose with the force. "You FUCKING asshole!" Sinndy 

shoved him onto the whip and Amber grabbed her bleeding face. Amber smiled 

softly. Her bloody grin seemed almost demonic. "Wonderful!" Amber shouted. "NO 

lube! Sinndy, bring me the chair!" Eric slammed his ass backwards to get away 

from the spikes, and his ankles, twisted in the chains, didn't do much for his 

bodily control due to lack of balance. He hung helpless and bleeding as a chair 

could be heard being shoved against the cabin floor. Amber spread the cheeks of 

the boy and grinned at the chair. Sinndy, as practiced, took the remainder of 

the leather straps from the spiked bracelet and tied the anal plug to the chair. 

She scooted it up to Eric's ass and held it fast as Amber, using all her 

strength and weight pushed him onto it. Sinndy scrambled to the chair and shoved 

it into Eric, standing behind it to keep its place. The plug obviously hurt his 

asshole as he was slammed down onto it, and he shoved himself back up into the 

spikes. That hurt him of course and he sat back down as he bucked backward from 

the spikes, right onto the anal plug. Amber shoved Eric downward onto the chair 

and blood began to drip onto the cabin floor as an audible rip of flesh echoed 

through the walls with the loud wail of pain of Eric's agony. It was a beautiful 

site. Eric stood up quickly into the spikes, and Amber squeezed lube onto the 

anal plug before Eric was forced back onto it. It didn't hurt him as much this 

time, for his wail was softer as his torn asshole was forced onto the plug. He 

was exhausted after only three minutes of this, and his ass bleeding had 

stopped. He sat in a pile of his own shit, dried blood, and, of course, the 

plug. Finally, he rested on the plug, it being more painful than the spikes, and 

began to cry. "Yes!" Sinndy exclaimed. "I knew we could make him cry! Look at 

that little ass slut sitting on that giant anal plug!" Sinndy shoved her face to 

his head. "Thank her, ass slut!" she whipped a hand across his back.



Eric only hung his head and thanked Amber with a soft "thank you, Mistress" 

through his tears. Amber took the whip from the wall and shoved her face onto 

Eric's dick. He leaped upward and shoved it into her throat. Amber's pussy began 

to stir in its excitement and she humped her ass over the cabin's wall as she 

sucked his dick into her hot mouth. Her tongue darted around the limber head of 

the boy's purple cock. Sinndy crawled under the chair and laid on her back 

positioning her face under Amber's sopping wet pussy. Amber bounced against 

Sinndy's mouth and over Eric's hardening dick. Her drenched pussy flooded 

Sinndy's tongue and throat. Amber could taste the blood from the open gashes 

spread about Eric's fragile frontal flesh as she shoved her mouth onto Eric's 

dick and squeezed his balls mercilessly. Eric was about to cum now as his moans 

turned into whimpers of Amber and Sinndy's names. Amber ripped her face from 

Eric's dick and smashed him down upon the plug. His hardon remained, and Amber 

stood up. Sinndy crawled to her feet as well. "Do you want to fuck your 

mistress, Eric?" Amber offered.



"Please," Eric whimpered... "I just want to go home! Please let me go!" Sinndy 

laughed and whipped at Eric with the strap on she'd pulled from the now 

almost-empty bag. Amber laughed. "You're not going home until I say you are, do 

you hear me, you fucking whore maggot?" Sinndy hit him again and he complied.



"Yes mistress, please let me fuck you." Amber grinned and strapped on the dick, 

clasping it tightly to her bare flesh. The dong was cream-colored and Amber 

admired how it glistened under the freshly applied lube. Sinndy's lips were full 

with excitement as she pushed Eric up and removed the butt plug. The sound was a 

thick "thonk" as it was pulled out from under him. Amber bent over and slid her 

pussy over Eric's penis. "FUCK ME!" Eric shoved his dick into Amber's soggy 

pussy, which drowned his rigid dick, pulling it into its sodden pinkness and 

Amber mercilessly hammered her twat onto his cock. Amber grabbed the waiting 

Sinndy's hips and shoved her dong into Sinndy's soaking pussy. She pulled it out 

with a sloppy slush and dunked it back into the cunt of the screaming and 

moaning beauty. Eric grunted and moaned as Amber fucked backward and was pushed 

forward into the waiting drenched pussy. Back and forth the girl went, shoving 

her now sore body over the dick of the bound boy and the pussy of the cute 

little tart in front of her. Amber reached around and grabbed her nipples as her 

orgasm rose within her stomach. Eric fucked her a few more good hammers, 

sloshing her cunt around his dick. His hurting ass and hurting hips lowered his 

capabilities, but the girl fucked his dick and fucked Sinndy's pussy with the 

greatest smooth friction. The smacking of the flesh was loud in the cabin as the 

three orgasmed simultaneously. Eric popped his dick from Amber's pussy and 

Amber's pulled her dong from the dripping cutie in front of her. Amber licked 

her clean and Sinndy thanked her with a kiss. The hanging Eric bucked the air 

affront him, it being the only time in an hour where he wasn't in painful agony. 

Amber looked at Sinndy and they embraced and whispered a few thank-yous for the 

fantasy fulfilled. They had done it and it was fun... They knew they would do it 

again and began discussing that as they took turns fondling each other's breasts 

and ass cheeks.



Just then, a door flung open and Eric's head lifted. A little blue man sprinted 

into the cabin and Amber and Sinndy leaped in surprise! Their titties jumped and 

wobbled as they ran and their asses jiggled nicely. They ran out naked and the 

Suburban started up and screeched away.



The blue man smiled at Eric, who smiled back. "Finally lost your virginity, 

huh?" the blue man asked. He stood 2 feet tall and spoke in a tiny munchkin 

voice. "Yep, you sure did," he observed the cum still dripping from his dick and 

motioned to the duffel bag of surprises. "Alright, then you know what time it 

is."



Eric nodded. "Yes, time for the curse to be fulfilled." Eric sighed as the 

little man's pointed finger melted the cuffs and bounds from Eric.



Eric's legs folded, and so did his arms. He bent backwards and sucked himself 

into his own asshole, shoving himself into his anus until he disappeared. What 

was left was his anus, and the little man picked it up, dipped it in a cummy 

puddle, and ate it like a donut. He scampered out into the snow.





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Amber, the Evyl Princess


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





