BDSM Library - Afternoon Interlude




Afternoon Interlude
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Hetero sex






Afternoon Interlude



Celeste looked at her watch. It can't be only 9:30am. Celeste has been counting 

the minutes until she could sneak away for an early lunch. She had an order from 

Dom Adam to meet at the Hotel Mirtle around the corner at 11am sharp! Celeste 

began to heat up just thinking about that order. Her boss was gone for the day 

and would not miss her for a couple of hours. Tick Tock. That clock had never 

moved so slowly before today. Celeste tried to concentrate on her menial 

accounting tasks but Dom Adam kept creeping into the columns of numbers. 

Finally, it was 10:50am and Celeste stood up and got her purse. Celeste let 

herself out of her business door and locked it behind her.



Celeste half walked half ran to the Hotel Mirtle. By the time she arrived she 

was slightly out of breath from the exercise and the anticipation. For Dom Adam 

had specifically asked her to wear nothing underneath her business suit. Boy, 

had it been hard to hide those nipples all day! Celeste picked up the envelope 

at the desk that Dom Adam had left for her. Inside was a waist chain and a room 

key. Also in the envelope were instructions to undress immediately after she 

entered the room and to put on the waist chain.



Celeste opened the hotel room door on the fifth floor and immediately shut the 

door. Celeste hurriedly undressed and placed the waist chain on.



At this instant Dom Adam appeared from the suite's small kitchen. Dom Adam told 

Celeste to crawl to the bed. Celeste, the obedient sub, did just as she was 

told. However, she did add a little extra swinging to her ass as she crawled. 

For this act of rebellion Dom Adam swiftly slapped her ass and warned her not to 

be so sassy. Celeste yelped "Yes Sir" before Dom Adam could swing again! Once at 

the end of the bed, Dom Adam told Celeste to lay across the edge of the bed with 

her ass in the air. Celeste did as ordered. Dom Adam placed a blindfold on 

Celeste and then began to place the softest cuffs ever felt onto her wrists. 

Celeste moaned with anticipation and began to envision an afternoon of wanton 

lustful pleasure. Dom Adam then removed the soft, green leather flogger from 

under the pillow. Dom Adam requested "Have you been an obedient sub?"



"Oh yes Sir I have."



"Then you deserve my utmost care and attentions. Are you ready now?"



"Oh yes Sir. Whatever will please you Sir."



At these words Dom Adam slowly began to tease Celeste's Ass with the flogger. 

Celeste moaned with each touch. Suddenly Dom Adam began to tap the flogger on 

Celeste's ass. To this Celeste moaned louder and humbly stated "Thank you Sir 

may I have another?" At this statement Dom Adam became visibly excited as 

evidenced by the bulge in his pants. He began to flog Celeste's ass until it was 

redder than the ripest apple. Only then did he let Celeste roll off the bed and 

onto her knees. He gently undid her cuffs and told her to unzip his pants and 

remove them. Celeste happily complied. While removing his pants Dom Adams dick 

emerged fully erect and pulsing. Dom Adam allowed his precious Celeste to touch 

his dick lightly with her tongue. Dom Adam then reattached the cuffs and told 

Celeste to get on the bed. Celeste crawled onto the bed and adjusted herself so 

that the cuffs would not cut off her circulation. Dom Adam gently placed himself 

over Celeste's body. He began to run his fingers over her chest and over her 

stomach. These caresses evoked plenty of moaning from Celeste's throat. Dom Adam 

teased Celeste's breasts with his tongue until Celeste was begging for him to 

enter her. Dom Adam grinned at this begging and appeased his Precious Celeste by 

ravaging her pussy with his throbbing dick. He was so competent that he had 

Celeste on the edge of climaxing within moments.



Suddenly he removes his dick and begins to lick Celeste's breasts again. All the 

while Celeste was crying for more dick. Dom Adam, feeling generous today, again 

plunged his dick into his Precious's pussy. This time with no mercy he brought 

her to orgasm with his artful plunging and nasty words. Yet, Dom Adam was not to 

let his Precious off that easy. He again withdrew himself, throbbing with the 

pain of withholding orgasm. He began to lick Celeste's clit until she once again 

begged for his prick to enter her. Dom Adam gently slid his prick into Celeste's 

pussy and before he could plunge too many times his Precious came again. This 

time he told her to squeeze tighter because he was going to come inside of her. 

Celeste squeezed with all her might. Dom Adam came and came hard.



After this exhausting play Dom Adam realized that his Precious Celeste needed to 

be soothed and comforted because she was so obedient. Dom Adam undid the cuffs 

and removed the blindfold. He slowly and lovingly kissed his Precious's lips. He 

smoothed the hair from her forehead and gently hugged her to his hairy chest. 

"You have done well my Precious Celeste." Dom Adam whispered into her ear. "I 

knew your clothes would be ruined so in the closet you will find the most 

gorgeous business suit that I could obtain. In a few minutes you may put it on 

and go back to work." Celeste moaned, "Oh My Sir Adam you are so kind to me. 

Thank you Sir." Dom Adam replied by holding her tightly and kissing her roughly 

but with love and kindness. Dom Adam watched his Celeste dress and leave the 

hotel room.



Later he would call her and order her to meet him at the theater.





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  KarenFoyer


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





