BDSM Library - Adrianna and her Daddy




Adrianna and her Daddy
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:     This is a true story. I have changed the names to protect those involved.






Adrianna and her Daddy



My son David was sharing a house with Charles and Mike. Charles was in his late 

40s or early 50s. He was into some esoteric religious activities by his 

description. I described his practices as a great way to score some young pussy. 

I had never met Charles in person, but had met his 18 year old girl friend, 

Michelle. Michelle is a very attractive young woman who has been on her own 

since she was 15. She is very bright. She had worked for a law firm in LA and 

had saved quite a lot of money. Her plan was to go to school at UC Berkeley, 

where she had been accepted.



I hired her to be an artist model. She posed nude for me. Her pussy was 

completely nude. During the course of my work with her, she described her 

strange relationship with Charles. He had told her that sexual magic was the 

most powerful magic and that Michelle was gifted with incredible sexual energy 

and magic. I did not get the opportunity to find out firsthand unfortunately. 

Charles convinced her to have her pussy waxed to make it smooth. He would call 

her his little girl and make her call him Daddy while they fucked. She was very 

turned on by the concept.



David told me that Charles's 26 year old daughter, Adrianna, was going to be 

staying at the house for a while. She would have to crash on the couch since 

there were no available rooms. I was invited to a BBQ at the house, but Charles 

had to go out at the last minute (I suspect he did not want to meet me in 

person). David showed me some of Charles porn collection. It featured some 12 

and 13 year old girls fucking older guys. I had met Adrianna who is nearly 6' 

tall and reasonably attractive. I had asked David to ask her if she wanted to 

pose for me. He asked and we set a time.



I should point out that I am a sexual Dominant. My workspace is equipped with 

whips and chains and things that make women go "ouch" in the night. Adrianna 

came to my office and we talked. I told her the nature of my art project and 

that it required her to pose nude. It also required that I ask her some fairly 

personal questions about her sex life. She agreed to this and took off her 

clothes. We talked and I agreed to hire her. She said that her dad, Charles 

couldn't know about this arrangement. Adrianna and her father had not seen one 

another in 25 years. Adrianna had grown up on the East coast with her mother. 

She had made the decision to look up her natural father. I assumed he was 

asserting his parental control.



Adrianna was to call me to set an appointment for the sitting, but she failed to 

do so. I would ask David about her and he kept telling me about the weirdness 

going on at the house. He had come home from work early one day to find 

Charles's bedroom door locked. David had picked up the mail and there was a 

check Charles had been waiting for in the mail. David wanted to give it to him 

ASAP. Charles' bedroom had two entrances. From the back entrance came Adrianna. 

As David told me later, he had the distinct sense that Adrianna and her Daddy 

were playing house in there.



A few months later David and Michael moved out. David had accepted the 

responsibility of taking care of Charles's ex-wife's pet snake. Whenever Dave 

went there to feed the snake, he said it was clear that Adrianna was sleeping 

with her father (Charles had rented the other room out to someone else). Then I 

heard that Adrianna and Charles had a fight and she moved out. Shortly after 

that Charles, who had some health problems, died suddenly.



Out of the blue a few months after Charles' death, Adrianna called to ask if I 

was still interested in using her as a model. She also said she was interested 

in submitting to me sexually. At this point, I was looking forward to getting 

Adrianna in restraints and getting her to confess her sins. I am a trained 

interrogator and I am very good at getting into women's heads. The appointment 

was set and we got together one Sunday afternoon for about 5 hours.



I got her undressed, in restraints and clipped to the chains hanging from the 

ceiling. I began flogging her lightly, alternating with stimulating her 

sexually. She became quite turned-on. Then I asked the $64,000 question, 

"Adrianna, were you having sex with your Daddy?"



She gasped, "Why would you ask me that question?" (I had asked her lots of 

questions about her sex life)



"Because, I believe that you were having sex with Charles and I want you to tell 

me about it," I said matter of factly. My tone of voice made it clear that I 

expected an honest answer.



"She lowered her eyes and said, "Yes. Daddy and I have been having sex. He had 

me shave my pussy completely smooth so that I looked like a little girl. He had 

had Michelle tell me how great a lover he was and how she was his 'little girl' 

and how he was her 'Daddy'. "



"Tell me about it. Who initiated the first time? How do you feel about it?" I 

whispered in her ear.



"The first time, " she said, "I woke up around 2:00 AM feeling very horny. So I 

got up and went into Daddy's room naked. He and Michelle were no longer lovers. 

I crawled into bed with him and played with his already hard cock. My Daddy was 

very sexual. He was a sexual magnet to me." she said shyly. "I couldn't help 

myself. Now, I feel guilty."



"Why do you feel guilty?" I asked.



"Because he told me that my sexual magic was the strongest he had ever 

experienced and he felt that as long as he could fuck me, he would continue to 

enjoy good health."



Adrianna and I played for a long time and she had a difficult time reaching her 

climax. This was a problem with her. I told her that we would work on that in 

the future.. Then I told her that I was going to put her sexual magic to the 

test.



I fucked her for an hour and a half straight. She came close to cumming, but not 

quite. As I got close to my climax, she started pumping her vaginal muscles very 

powerfully. I thought the top of my head was going to explode with the sheer 

pleasure of the friction she was giving me. She told me that her Daddy had 

warned her that I was a "strange" person and to stay away from me. Imagine that, 

an incestuous pedophile warning his little girl lover away from me!



Adrianna is now 27 years old and is pursuing her career. She wants to see me 

again. I am looking forward to more tales of the incestuous kind.





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Sir Wayne


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





