BDSM Library - Adventure Explored




Adventure Explored
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  Femdom, Anal, Light bondage, Hetero sex






Adventure Explored





They had gotten to know each other on the internet. They met and had a wonderful 

afternoon and evening exploring each other, getting to know each other, and 

pleasing each other. They had also talked about some of their other 

interests--BDSM in particular and found out they were both switches. This really 

piqued their interests and he told her later that week that he would like her to 

dominate him to which she quickly responded a "yes."



A couple of weeks later when she has most of the weekend to herself, he drives 

down for this "encounter." The sun has just set when he parks his car and walks 

up the sidewalk to her front door. He rings the bell. She opens the door and 

looks at him. She is dressed in a black corset and wearing a strap-on dildo. 

After a full minute of silence she says, "Why are you dressed? You will not wear 

clothes in my house." With that she shuts the door. He nervously looks around 

before stripping naked by her front door. Again, he rings the bell and waits a 

few minutes before she opens the door, looks at his nakedness and finally says, 

"You may enter Pet." He replies, "Thank you Mistress" and enters the house, 

placing his shoes and clothing on a chair in the dining room.



Turning on her heels, walking to the living room she commands, "Fix me a drink 

and you may have one too." He walks naked into the kitchen and does as she has 

instructed. He takes the drinks into the living room and hands one to her as she 

sits on the couch. He stands nervously, not knowing what to do for a few minutes 

before she says, "Kneel at my feet and enjoy your drink...you won't have another 

for a while." He kneels between her spread legs and is on eye level with the 

flesh colored dildo that she has strapped to her body. She idly plays with it as 

they enjoy their cocktails.



"I'm not happy Pet. You know what that means."



He kneels there wondering what he has done besides the clothes. Oh no...the 

forgotten kiss of greeting. Quickly, he puts his drink down to make amends. On 

hands and knees, he kneels in front of her pussy as she smiles in approval, 

spreading her long legs as he lightly kisses her clit, the dildo bouncing heavy 

against his forehead.



"Much better" she says, "but you're still not up to standard. Go into my bedroom 

and bring me the items laid out on the bed."



He stands up and turns to head for the bedroom. "Slap" A sharp swap on his tight 

ass. "I didn't say to walk," she commands, "on your hands and knees." He 

complies and makes his way to his destination. When he enters the room, he finds 

on the bed a collar and leash. Frantically, he puts the collar around his neck, 

attaches the leash, which trails down his muscular back and crawls, back to his 

mistress.



She smiles wickedly. "Finish your drink. The fun will commence soon." Nervous, 

he gulps his drink wondering what is in store.



He times it so that they finish their drinks at the same time and she hands him 

her empty glass and tells him to fix her another drink...only her drink this 

time. He quickly goes to the kitchen, the leash trailing behind him and pours 

her another drink, taking it back into the living room. He kneels and hands her 

the drink, eyes lowered waiting for whatever will happen next. She sips the 

drink for a few minutes before sitting it down and leaning forward, removing the 

leash from his collar. She tells him to spread his legs and to lean over 

backwards. She clips the leash so there is a loop at the end and loops it around 

his cock and balls. Pulling it tight, she controls his sex with a tug on the 

leash keeping him bent over so his cock, balls and ass are exposed and open to 

her.



She sits back watching him in the uncomfortable position but admiring the view. 

Casually, she takes another sip out of her drink and leans over to run her nails 

over his cock and balls. His balls tighten, his cock growing harder at her 

touch. She takes her pointer finger and slowly sucks on it, getting it very wet. 

As he squirms in this position, she slowly glides her finger into his ass. He 

moans. Feeling pleased at this reaction, she then licks her middle finger and 

inserts both wet digits into his ass working them in and out...getting his ass 

loose for the coming event. She grabs him by the head and pulls him straight 

never letting up on finger fucking his ass.



Standing in front of her with fingers buried deep in his ass his legs tremble as 

she continues to finger-fuck him. She slowly stands holding the leash on his 

cock and balls tightly forcing his erect cock to point straight out. One by one 

she removes her fingers from his ass and steps back looking into his eyes. One 

of her hands grabs his cock without losing eye contact. She uses her other hand 

to slap his cock, causing him to jump and pull back, only to be held in place by 

the leash in her hand.



Taking the end of the leash, she leads him to the bedroom and bends him over the 

bed. Telling him to not move, she opens a drawer. He hears her move things 

around. Not know what was going on she approaches him again. She pulls on the 

leash until his cock and balls are sticking out backwards between his legs. Once 

again she slaps his cock causing it to grow harder which pleases her.



He then feels a cool smooth tip touch his asshole. It is a plug that she slowly 

slides deep inside his ass telling him not to let it fall out. Still in that 

position and bent over the bed she stands back and commences to spank his ass. 

Hard with her hand until his cheeks are cherry red and in between fondling his 

hard cock. She steps away to admire her handiwork very satisfied. She suddenly 

realizes that she's been neglecting herself. "Kneel on the floor," she commands. 

He complies patiently waiting. She lies on the bed directly in front of his 

face, spreading her legs, resting her feet on his thighs. "Show me how much you 

want to please me." He nestles his head between her thighs and a tongue slips 

out. Slowly, his tongue tastes her hot pussy. Going up and down on her clit he 

twirls and pushes that little nub till it's as hard as a rock. She takes his 

head and pushes him further into her crotch, lifting her hips up and down 

against his face getting it wet with her juices. Just as she feels herself 

cumming she pushes him away.



Both breathing hard he sits back on his knees looking at her wet pussy below the 

dildo strapped to her body. She leans forward and grabs his hair pulling him 

forward. Only this time she angles her cock down forcing it into his mouth. She 

forces him to suck her "cock" enjoying the look on his face as it goes deep 

inside and to the back of his throat. Suddenly, she pulls it from his mouth 

turns over and looking back over her shoulder tells him to eat her ass. He leans 

forward and drives his tongue deep inside her sweet asshole...opening 

her...pleasing her. She takes his hand and puts it on her clit showing him how 

she likes to be touched. As he rubs her nub his tongue drives deep inside her 

asshole. Once again she approaches orgasm.



"Stop" She says breathlessly. She sits up with her cock sticking straight up, 

wet with his saliva. "Get on the bed...hands and knees. I want your ass facing 

me." As he gets on the bed, she reaches behind her to the hope chest and grabs a 

tube. Unknown to him, she squeezes an amount of lube out onto her fingers. 

"Stroke your cock for me" she tells him. As he takes his cock in hand and 

fondles himself, she greases up her cock in the same rhythm. As he gets more 

excited she takes her slippery fingers and slides them into his ass...one finger 

at a time. Working them in and out until his asshole is loose and ready for a 

fucking from her cock. She kneels behind him and presses her breasts against his 

back whispering in his ear, "you'd better not cum till I say so."...



Stroking his cock and trembling in anticipation he feels the head of her cock 

press against his asshole. There is a flash of pain as her cockhead penetrates 

his tight ring. She stops and lets his ass accept this intrusion. After a few 

moments she pushes deeper inside of his ass slowly until she is finally pressed 

against him completely buried. The base of the cock is against her clit and she 

gently rocks so that she is stimulated buried to the hilt inside of his ass. He 

gasps with this intrusion and his cock shrinking momentarily as she pleases 

herself. Finally relaxing and accepting her cock he pushes back wanting more of 

her inside of him. She begins to fuck him with long slow strokes.



She reaches under him and strokes his cock hard again as she fucks his ass. The 

pressure is building inside of her for release. She feels a shudder from his 

body as her cock goes in and out of his ass. She spreads his cheeks wide with 

her hands watching her cock move. She stops stroking, grabs his hand and puts it 

on his cock, "Keep it hard" she whispers in his ear. While her hips move against 

his ass, the base of the dildo pressed against her clit, she places her hands on 

her breasts squeezing and stretching the nipples out. Oh now she's ready, very 

ready. Her hands leave her tits and starting squeezing his ass running up and 

down his back as her hips continually press against his.



One of her hands dips to her clit to increase her pleasure while she uses the 

other to spank his ass. She begins fucking and spanking him simultaneously her 

cock goes inside of him. His ass is getting redder and redder. She is now beyond 

the point of no return and slams deep inside of him while her fingers slide over 

clit bringing on a shuddering orgasm. She presses deep against him and rides the 

wave of her orgasm. Starting to calm a little she pulls suddenly out of his ass. 

She pushes him over on his back and moves up to his face so she can sit on his 

tongue and let him bring on one orgasm after another drenching his face with the 

juice from her pussy. Finally spent she rolls off of him and lies on her back, 

catching her breath.



"You've pleased me very much Pet." She smiles. She leans up and runs her hand 

down his arms and chest. Making her way pass his stomach to his cock. Finding 

it, she runs a finger lightly down the length feeling his frustration as his 

cock strains against her touch. "Alright, I'll let you have some fun." She rolls 

onto her back her cock sticking up. "My cock is going to rub against your 

stomach as you fuck my pussy." He kneels between her legs, eyeing the cock that 

recently filled his ass and guides his throbbing cock into her satiated pussy.



He fucks her long and slow--both of them enjoying the sensations. His ass is 

still throbbing from the cock that is pressed against his stomach. As his 

pleasure grows and approaches orgasm he tells her. At the last minute she pushes 

him off and takes his cock into her mouth. He explodes in orgasm. Smiling at him 

she slides up his body and presses her mouth against his letting his cum slide 

between his lips...sharing his own body juices.





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  DrmWrld69


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





